# 完美恋爱4.0 最新（高清）：腹肌撕裂者X（www.nzjsw.com）_闹钟健身网【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

嗯。Yeah。What's really really amazing about Aberberex is to give people an opportunity to get the best。

 most ripped abdominal area they've ever had in their lives， we're doing over 300 moves here。

 but the only way you're going to get the results in the sculpted a that you want is that you've got to bring it Aberpars。

 I hate it， but I love it。Hey boys and girls and welcome to ari for X couple things right at the bat。

 This is not adripper 100 and 200。 This is aripper 339 so this is new to you take your time。

 pace yourself and take breaks We got 11 moves they're all 25 X we got in and out，5，4，3。

2 Here we go and one。two and three， this is corework， four and five， not just dad six。

 you might fill us in your thighs， seven in your hip flexes， eight。Nine。

 you're supposed to1 get those that chest up， bring it。🎼B， here we go。

Adam he's a hot shot he had put his hands in the air here we go， his chest is up。

 his knees are in nice s everybody 25 let's see Jason reach up nice and tall A's got her hands on the floor that works fine for her here you go 25 we got bicycles I'm on my butt I'm done instructing we're gonna to go forward first I got my hands on the floor here we go one。

气。Three， four， five， six， seven。Now you do this10th， you want to1。🎼出来了。🎼13，4，15，60 bird7。🎼9。🎼2021。22。

25，23 24，25 and reverse， here we go， we're not going to mess around five， four， three，2 go one。🎼2。

 come up，3。Four， they're going to count， keep moving， nice straight line here， chest is up。

 big circles， support with your hands if you need to。Jason， he's the king， he's the rip king。

 hands are high for the balance， a little more work， makes me happy， nice。Looking you good， 19，20，21。

 22。Three， 24 and 25。Time for crunchy frog， everybody gets their hands off the floor。Here we go。

 arms are out， I want to see him spread five， four， three， two and wrap it open two。🎼我。Bye。

6 on page 7。He， you need breaks。🎼10， you better take him。12， with your chest。You can do this。

 you see this？You have yourself， heck I'm doing it， you can do it too， and you jump back in。

When you're ready。There ain't no part one and part two it's part two， that's one we got cross leg。

 all right， wide leg sit up so。Two versions， cross leg or wide leg。 This one's easier。 Are you ready。

 everybody back。Left hand behind the head， reach up and over， five， four， three， two， up。

Touch it toe。🎼You can see that switching。Touch the to， Come on back。

ULook I'm reaching up and then over， what I'm not doing is this， I'm not going straight and here。

🎼我 great。And over。And then switch the hands up。And over。🎼啊。🎼And over。Now， look。Hes a little bit hard。

 you can't use the weight to your legs， all just going up and crossing over other side up。

And over all day long。Good， Jason， nice my brother， come up。That's 12。

 we're going to be here a while it's 25 reps， you need a break， take the break。🎼Good。Now。

Look at and look at him reach way up and then down nice look at his chins off his chest the whole time he's not tucking his chin in good clean form This is core。

 this is not just crunches， okay， this is big time aricparex， okay。Nice。

I'm going to finish up with the kids。There we go。🎼変你。Oh cross my legs。🎼变的。🎼And now。🎼明年的。🎼And down。

🎼哎呀。🎼One1 fun。🎼And we job。Okay， time for fight for scissors， two tips。

 flex your feet and straighten your legs the best you can， everybody down。

 hands on the floor next to your body， kick the left to leg out， inch off the floor。

 right leg up as high as you can， scissor， get it change when you hear the number only five， four。

 three， two and one。And two。And three， don't change without the number and four。🎼The。🎼And5。🎼没爱。

And six。🎼And 7 breathe people now。🎼And a。🎼And I。I know we're taking a time and ten。

Think can say 11 and 11， let's check in everybody。And 12。Good Audra 13。Kick the toe that way， 14。

 fight the toe this way， 15， flex the feet and 16。And switch。18， wait to hear the number。

He's working straight in that way， there's 20 good。21， hit my hand。Good 22， hit my hand。Good，23。

 that's the grunton， good， 24， that's the work， come on again one more。

See that boy is working and that's what I want to see you do。All right， we're halfway already， man。

 party's almost over， what a bomber。All right， if you need a break， take them， we're doing 25 a pop。

 we got hip rock and rays。Fe it together， the distance between the upper legs and the lower legs stays the same hands are here When I reach the halfway point。

 my Toesco skyward， let's make it pretty，5，4，3，2。🎼好。🎼That's one。🎼退吧。Three， don't get ahead of me。

🎼For it's up。🎼对呀。🎼5ive minutes' up。🎼あしたら。🎼6。🎼7even， keep those knees wide。🎼A。🎼Nice。10。Don't do this。

 11， see what I'm doing here， 12。🎼你是叔。🎼13， anybody can do this。14， that's where the money is。🎼挺给的吗。

60 it's called effort for X。17th。🎼80。🎼ないて。20 need that break， take it。🎼One， you got four more。Two。

 I know it burns， three。🎼24。And 25。Just when you thought that was gorgeous enough。

 we're going to do pulse up or heels to the heavens， whatever you want to call it now， legs are up。

Together straight now some of you can't do this， you can bend it。

 but I want you to fight over time to straighten those legs， heels up， toes down。🎼Straight up。

 not this way。 Here we go。🎼1。🎼2。Three。🎼说晚。Five on check on the gi， six on th， seven。Hey。

 how you got me， Jerry， nine，'s not allowed to hit my hands，10 right in here and 11。

 straighten the water around， 12， fight， get your butt in the air， 13， get your butt in the air， 14。

 that's what I want。15， that's the face of a girl 16 who's working hard， 17。

 get the heels in the air， 18。19， don't hit my hands， 20 come on， Jason， 21。

 he's fighting 22 is these real bad， fight， don't hit my hand， 23， come on。24 and 25。Theia roll ups。

Nobody go， and show the folks to form。Your hands never go of your head， hence the ceiling only。

That is number one， we roll back when my lower back hits the floor。

 the legs come up and then I come up under my butt。Two， you got it， we're going to do 25 total。

 get your lower back off the floor if you can only do this in the pulse up。I don't care。

 but in time get it up， I'm done chatting five， four， three， two， one。Touch them toes。🎼Okay。

🎼Getear it up come down。That's three。🎼That for。🎼That's吧呀。That's six， get synchronized。Roll it up。

 seven， come on down， close it up。🎼beない。🎼10。Imagine you got to do 100 of them， 11。

 25 is a house been， good12。13。Let me see him Good Hora， come on， roll it up。

The hands never come past here， she pulses up。Roll it up。Jason， hands number come past here。

 get it up， come on dude， roll it up。Get that lower back off the floor and get off。🎼There it is。

 come on Nice work way to fight。 Let' check out out。🎼Nice。🎼Roll it up。Good， that's 24。

 let me see 25 and you are done nice work， my man and a bonus he's a madman。Okay， oblique VUs。

 everybody on your right side， here we go。So here's the deal。3 degree angle， right arm， right side。

 hand behind the head， let's get up on your hip and butt， keep your legs straight once you start。

 keep your shoulder and your feet off the floor， five， four， three， two， one。🎼2。🎼3。🎼4。🎼爸。🎼S。🎼1来分。

🎼Take。🎼那。🎼承。11 hang in there， 12， you a break taking13。🎼4 gear，50 k码7 one。🎼对我好可。🎼Over。🎼8九4sixcom4。

🎼嘿y。🎼last one。🎼G inside flip it around。They're working hard， I know you more。🎼Here we go。Left side。

 left hand， three degree angle。H behind the head， undche and， five， four， three， two， one。🎼退会儿。🎼Free。

For our keepers West straight by 156。🎼下来。🎼He。Nine， like together， 10， let's see him，1。🎼出来了。30。

 get those legs up on to 14， come on， 15 working hard， 16， Jason， I'm coming to you。🎼椰了。

Get I' making contact。That makes you contact feel both thoughts， nice work， 23， 24。🎼15。A。Re。

Let's climb our legs。Three versions。俺给他笑烟。If I'm climbing my right leg。Yeah。

The closer my heel is to my butt， the harder it is， harder， easier， easiest， you got it。Let's climb。

12 per side， five， four， three， two， one。🎼生。🎼たしまた。And up。🎼And I thought you might tell。

I'm up now Adam's doing。Straight bottom leg， he's doing an easy version， easier。

Jason's got two hand grab， one， two， and Audra。She's just going straight up， you see the difference。

 that is harder。That is harder or you start on the inside and reach up and do one grab。

 you can do four grabs， I don't care just get up your leg。The less grabs， the harder it is， good。

 one more time。🎼Switch。Other side， five， four， three， two， one。That big one come wonder。

Keep the legs straight， keep it on one plane， don't let it move around。Here's an old grab。

F reach an atmosphere。🎼No grab up this touch。There's a two grab。🎼There you go。

🎼To grab with the knee in the to。Make it interesting for yourself， how do you feel that day。

 do what you can。The less grabs， the harder it is， the furthert this heal is in。

 the harder it is nice one more time。🎼来呀。🎼Com on。All very nice now we're gonna finish up strong I can't believe it's almost over makes me sad Mason twist。

 bring the fist， the hands together， clasp the hands。

 you're gonna make contact with the floor every time get the legs up we're gonna start with the right first 40 times do as many as you can we're doing40 you might even do some extra run come on up five。

 four， three， two and。3。🎼国共表演。🎼是是。🎼那。Pder港。2。🎼3。🎼By。🎼By。🎼是。🎼是。🎼A。🎼9。20 come on at one。Two， turn。

 three。🎼不。F。🎼是。7even， come on， ready。🎼那。🎼3。31。32， 33， 34， 35， come on， 36， 37， 38。39 bonus come on。

🎼That do。🎼南风北风儿。And six hang in at seven hang in at eight state line。I felt sad。

You've just completed Apar X boyss and girls if you stuck with us you did 349 core slash ab exercises。

 thank you very much let's do a little stretch everybody let's do a little upward dog with sake of her stomach。

 come on。🎼Here we go。Get on your mats， you can do Cobrabra two here if you want。It's an upward dog。

 knees on， Cobra knees down。啊。Remember， tip of the day， don't do this every day， you don't need it。

 you don't work other parts of your body every day and you shouldn't work a every day。

 especially aparex， let's all go。🎼In a child's pose。I're going to stay there and I'm going to say。

🎼Nice work。If that's your last workout of the day， it's a good time for your recovery drink。

 I highly recommend it。Yeah。てチバれ。