# 自然男人：英语自然习得法：英语自然习得范例【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

In previous classes， we have talked about the theory and principles of what you need in actual language acquisitioning。

I noticed that some of you are able to take it away and work directly with it。

 but others find it difficult to implement。So in this class。

 I'm going to give you my examples of how to apply these principles。

So hopefully by the end of the class， you will be able to use these examples as a guide to create your own style of learning。

Now， if you remember to improve English as a language， you must first treat it as a language。

If you don't treat it as a language， you're just simply not going to improve。

We've elaborated the principles to cover the reason why that the traditional attitude of learning English doesn't work。

 the textbooks， the memorizations of vocabularies， the English to Chinese translations， the exams。

 the grades that you do all year through school， all of them do not work。Now。

 I know that you might say the school matters are important。For example， you've got English classes。

 you've got English exams， you've got the CET4， the CET6。

 and I know that they kind of seem important for you right now。You think you have to study grammar。

 you have to memorize vocabularies， and you have to do this and you have to do that， et cetera。

 et ceter， but I want you to know that there's one thing before all of that。

If you want to be able to speak English。To understand when other people are talking in English so that you can eventually use it as a language。

 you will need to apply these principles simple as that。So my advice is this， put language first。

 exams second。This means you may do what you have to do to pass exams。

 but you will need to focus most of your time into the proper way of acquiring English language。

Because this is much more effective。The only difficult thing is that it's a bit uncomfortable when you're just getting started。

The easy part is once you get into this way of learning， it becomes fun， it becomes easy。

 you're just doing what you like， something that you would have done anyway。

 but you learn English on the side without even knowing it。

So the most important thing is youll make a start。As Chinese we're used to dis saying。

 the most difficult part of everything is the beginning。So， according to our principles。

You must find a primary interest of something that give you a basic motivation。

And then you use English as a channel to fulfill that interest。Let me say it again。First。

 you must find a primary interest of something that give you a basic motivation。

And then you use English as a channel to fulfill that interest。For example。

One of the things I really enjoy is playing guitar。😊，Now。

 guitar is a common interest among many people in the world。

And if I want to learn how to play guitar， I could look up a lot of books or video courses out there in bookstores。

But in this case， I don't do that。 What I do instead is go to YouTube and type in guitar lessons。

And then it pulls up search results like this。You see， if I had done it with Jta Zhaocheng in Baidu。

 you would have given me results in Chinese。 I would find it quite easy to navigate through the results watching these videos。

 but is not going to help my English。So I stick to the search engines or websites that are designed for speakers of English。

Let me say that again， I use search engines or websites that are designed for speakers of English。

You see， the first attitude you should have is that you treat yourself as a speaker of English。

You pretend that you don't speak Chinese。Okay， now you pull up the results for example I poll like this one。

Immediately， you get a few instructions in English language on how to play guitar。

What you need to do next is to make a judgment on if this piece of information suits your need。

If it doesn't， you could customize your search terms to find a more suitable result。

Let's say you're interested in the song calledI'm yours that you like to learn to play。

So you type in， I'm yours guitar lesson。And then this time。

 the search pulls up results more suited to your needs。In this case， I found this one as an example。

Now， when you open a media file like this。As you are watching and listening， there is no subtitles。

 so you don't understand 100% what he is saying。But you could guess you might actually be able to learn this lesson without really understanding everything he's saying。

So this process of first trying to find a piece of information available using nothing but English。

 and second， watching someone giving instructions that are meant for speakers of English and third。

 guessing while listening and watching in order to achieve some percent of understanding。

This is the process of natural language acquisitioning。

If you manage to learn to play this song after several hours of practicing。

 watching this video over and over again， your English is being improved at the same time。However。

 not everyone likes to play guitar， but you can do this with almost any kinds of information or hobbies。

For example。If you'd like to know what movie is coming up in Hollywood， you can go to imdb。

com to find a recently updated trailer like this one。Ladies and gentlemen。

The victors of the 74th Her Game， Cs Emy。P of thelock。Or。If you want to know how to tie your tie。

 you can type in just how to tie a tie to find a video instruction on how to do it wide into the tie in front of the narrow end and back behind ending on the right side。

Maybe you want to participate in our class with a much better microphone and you would like to know if the microphone i bought was a good one。

So you can type in blue yeti microphone review and find some reviews or comparisons about this microphone。

Another example。If you are interested in recording music with your iPad。

 you can find an instruction on how to do it with what kind of software you might need。

If you considering your English level is high enough to teach。

And you' like to know how to become an English teacher。

 you could type in how to teach English to find answers like these。

Or you might even be interested in transpersonal psychology in spirituality and Buddhism。

You can find videos that give you instructions on that， too。Psychology is very complex。

Has to do with motivations and desires and fears and repressed fantasies。A huge labyrinth。

We study it here。But the truth is it's not really necessary。You can transcend psychology。

You can transcend that whole dimension of your being。

You're willing to disidentify from the person you see YouTube alone is like an encyclopedia of some simple everyday stuff。

 whatever question you have in your mind， you could always try to search for an answer on that site or just to find some simple fun stuff for amusement。

Other sites like Google， Wikipedia， I also recommend you to use the only problem of those sizes。

 for example， like Google， you're going to spend more time looking at the text。

 which doesn't help you improve listening。So always remember， listening is the priority。

The primary skill that you need to improve if you would like to really speak the language。Next。

Let's look at how you improve your English while watching your favorite movies or TV shows。

So in this focus learning method， I give you， there are four simple steps。First。

Identify a movie or an episode of TV that you really like to do a focused learning if youre already a big fan of British American TV or movies is good news for you you can quickly adopt this method。

If you're not interested in watching any of this。You can stick to YouTube as a good resource for visual and auditory input。

 I don't recommend that you do this focused learning for all movies or TVs。

You should select only one at a time to complete the following process。

 leaving the rest to be something that you enjoy， not becoming burdens。Second step。

Watch this episode or movie without subtitles。 It's recommended that you find something that you haven't watched yet。

 In this step， you may pause， rewind and go back to watch dialogue scene over and over again。

But it is critical that you focus on the sounds instead of the words。

 try to guess what the characters are saying to each other， whether their emotions and body language。

 and don't worry about which exact words are being said。

 Don't worry about grammar or how to spell these words。Grammar is useless in this method。

step three after you repeat the second step for a few times。Until you cannot guess anymore。

You may now turn on the English subtitles and watch it from the beginning to end again。This time。

 you may pause at each sentence that you didn't understand and read the subtitles to help you identify what it was that you did not get。

You might find that in some instances， you know exactly what those words mean。

But you just didn't recognize the sound。In other instances。

 you just didn't understand the words anyway。In this case。

 I recommend that you use an English to English dictionary like this one。

The Marion Webster English Dictionary， a small dictionary which you can have a quick access to。

What you do with a dictionary is to find an explanation of the new word of expression in English。

For example， if you didn't understand the word mysterious。You can pause the scene。

 look up in a dictionary， and you find this meaning。Mysterious。Difficult to understand or explain。

And a sentences example。Sometimes he disappears for a few days。 He is a mysterious person。

In some cases， with the help of dictionary， along with the guesses you made。

 you can have a pretty good idea of what they were supposed to mean。If， on the other hand。

 you didn't understand some words。Just leave them。Don't spend too much time on something that makes learning too difficult。

Notice。It is important that you don't try to use Chinese to help。This includes the Chinese subtitles。

 English or Chinese dictionaries， or translators。You need to trust yourself。

That you can't understand and learn English perfectly without the help of Chinese。

The more you do this， the more you will realize that most of the English vocabulary cannot be translated into Chinese。

And you will begin to see how Chinese is not only not helping you learn English。

 but also preventing you from learning a language in the best way。

You will only need to repeat this step a couple of times to make sure of one thing。And that is。

Every word you have understood， you can now recognize it in the dialogue。

 the ones you don't understand， just ignore them。Let me repeat。Every word you have understood。

 you can now recognize it when listening。Okay， the last step。

You repeat what you have done is step one， watch the episode again without subtitles。

The difference is this time your goal is to watch it with simultaneous understanding。

Simultaneous means at the same time。So you don't have prop pause to think， what does this mean。

 what does that mean？As soon as you hear the dialogue。

 you immediately understand without having to think about it。This can actually be quite easy。

After two or three times， you should be able to do this。And finally， in this method that I give you。

In all of these steps， you don't need to make any notes。If you want to revise what you have learned。

 all you have to do is to go back to this episode or movie to watch it again。

You may ask how to find a TV show or movie with English subtitles that you can turn on and off。

I recommend you purchase the original DVD。Most DVDs come with English subtitles。

So I hope that in this lesson you have learned how to apply this method in your English learning。

 and in the future， you'll be able to use this as a guide to help you through various learning disciplines。

 opening up your worldview towards a wider interest in life。

