# 01、朱利安《转变》：00.简介：1.做一个转变_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I never used to be like this okay if you look at me now in some of my YouTube videos online or interacting and achieving success with all these different women in different countries or even giving fucking seminars to literally hundreds of people around the world every single week this never used to be me know as hard as that may be for you to believe people I was shocked when I tell them that at a core level。

 I'm a very naturally shy and introverted guy and I had to make a shift and transcend who I was in order to become the person that you see here in front of you today and they just can't fucking believe it you know I hear this every single week guys come up to me and they're like you know what that's easy for you to say because your Julian。

 you know you never had to go through all this bullshit that I'm going through。

 you probably had it easy from the start and that's not true。

 you know what you see here today in front of you is the result of literally years literally years a fucking hustle sweat。

And dedication。 Okay， people just don't fucking know the bullshit that goes in to changing who you are。

 okay， to transforming who fuck you are。 Okay， and this is one of the reasons I wanted to make this product here to really address the source of it all。

 You know， the thing that people just lose fucking track of。 Okay。

 what it really takes to achieve what I've personally achieved。 You know， nowadays。

 people are just too focused on the glory。 you know， you may go online and。😡。

You you see some YouTube video or some infield footage of say me doing some glorious pickup and you're like I want that。

 know this is what it's all about and you may go out and you try to replicate it and you think that trying to replicate that just with time and repetition you'll achieve it and you get so lost and focusing on the glory that you lose track of the source。

 know you lose track of the stuff that really matters the stuff you don't want to hear but that you need to hear。

 you don't need another product stroking your ego giving you some like quick fixes some cool flashy advanced techniques just to make you feel good。

 you watch that and you're like yeah， I want to do that even though that'll never really transform who you are。

 you don't need another fucking product just telling you you can do it or some product with some little flashy bits of infield just so you can live through someone else's fucking glory you need a fucking product and this is what I made here that's raw and real。

That'll really cleanse you of all that bullshit and reveal the harsh fucking truth that's above all fucking effective。

 So who was I I come from a small town of 650 people in Switzerland in the middle of nowhere。

 a farm town， if you will and at a fairly normal upbringing。 know I'm the eldest of three children。

 I have a younger sister， a younger brother， my parents were very normal， you know。

 I wouldn't consider myself damaged in any way。 however， from a very young age。

 I was felt you know very stifled I really couldn't just express why I was put myself out there。

 I was had a feeling of you know just taking up someone's space。 know if I said something。

 I felt I would be just imposing myself too much。 know I would be judged， I'd be criticized。

 it would piss people off and because of that I just lived a life on the sidelines know I was never the main guy you know even in my group of friends like the small group of friends that I had。

every time I'd speak up， I'd be extremely self-conscious I'm like。

 oh my God dude well people accept me if I say this， if I say this。

 and I just always try to fucking blend in， you know if people didn't notice me I'd be very。

 very happy if I was in you with a big group of people。

I just tried to blend in the background and just fit into the puzzle。 it's like。

 never state your opinion。 I was basically what you call a people pleaser。 and even at home。

 even fucking at home with my family， I would just be very， very quiet。 And I remember family meals。

 I'd be very just reserved。 I wouldn't really speak up。 if someone asked me a question。

 Like how was your day。 I would just be like， oh， like this。

 I would actually dread the fucking family meals。 the worst were like you know， celebratory dinners。

 you know， say it's a Christmas dinner。 And there's like cousins and grandparents to show up。

 I was always the guy just very， very shy in the corner of the table。 I didn't say a fucking word。

 And if you don't say a word everyone just picks on you。 It's like， so what's up with you， Julian。

 And I'd be like， oh nothing， You're extremely quiet today。 and they'd't pick on you， I mean。

 that was one of the worst days of the year。 I mean。

 imagine that fucking Christmas with your family's the worst day of the fucking year。

 And I would like dread it like。Fucking months in advance。 I go oh my god， it's coming。

 I'm gonna have to shit like tolerate all that。 And I mean， that was pretty much my fucking life。

 know， no matter where I was， I was never at ease， I was always in my head and it was just like thisentt up like I just want to put myself out there。

 but I just couldn't know and that was the thing it's like even have those fucking family meals。

 It's not that I didn't want to talk。 It' I wanted to but there was just something fucking blocking me Now。

 fortunately I was able to find an outlet in music I play guitar since I was8 and that was the only area of my life in which I could really just express I was in some way and feel a little bit of joy。

 know even if it wasn't talking through the sound of music， but otherwise。

 I mean every other area of my life was affected by this。

 know in terms of success with women I had one girlfriend when I was 15 for three months and it was just really out of luck was a girl who I went to school with and after like years of just trying to hang。

around her waiting for an opportunity she wanted to date one of my friends。

 but then he got a girlfriend so she settled for me just pretty much to be around him and those three months were just me walking to school with her and walking her back to the train station you know I never made a move I was too scared even there like I was scared to even just talk to her normally I never even really kissed her It was just like like a peck and then obviously it ended and after that I just had no opportunities。

Like zero opportunities， I was just stuck in a fucking rut feeling uncomfortable all the time。

 trying to follow the scripts of society or， you know， like doing what I was supposed to be doing。

 like get good grades at school， you know， do do some sports， like get a hobby， like music。

 try to get， you know。Some good majors moving forward， you know， trying to please my parents。

 trying to please basically everyone， trying to make them happy。

 hoping that that would make me happy， but it really didn't know like the joy in my days were pretty much trying to escape reality like watching a movie or like playing a computer game or something like that was the highlight And I was just very sad inside and I wasn't really happy with who I was or who I was becoming And then a little over eight years ago。

 I randomly we had a book called the Game。I had no idea what it was about。 I told myself。

 you know what maybe you should read more。 This may just help， know people who are successful read。

 you know， just try to do what they do。 And I went on this band's blog。

 This band I liked at the time。 And one guy just put in his favorite books probably is a joke。

 the game。 And I just mass ordereddered all the books。 And when I read it。

 it just really opened my eyes。 like that there was the moment my life fucking changed。 I read it。

 and I was like， oh my fucking God， I never was so into a book like that in my life。

 Okay now the information in that book is outdated。 I mean， it's a great story to read。

 But what I really realized is that I didn't have to remain the person who I was。 know。

 I didn't have to just。Keep going the way I was going。 just getting stuck in that rd。

 going through the motions。 I could actually change and transcend that and and literally have control over who I am。

 You know， we take who we are for fucking granted。 You know， that's what I did。 I'm like， look。

 I'm born in this way。 This is me。 There's nothing I can really do about it。 But I was fucking wrong。

 Okay， your fate is not predetermined。 you can choose in which direction you're going to go。

 You know， and that's what I realize this wasn't just about fucking girls for me。

 This was literally about， you know， becoming happy and becoming a better person。 You know。

 being able to put myself out there， feeling at ease。 in the fucking world。 You know。

 get so many people just。Have that same feeling。 This is what I realized after years of traveling is I wasn't alone。

 You know， everyone is uncomfortable。 You know， everyone has this low chronic， just anxiety。

 You know， if you， even if you go inside your body right now， you're watching this video。

 you may be sitting down at your desk on your computer。

Just sit down and just notice how you feel in your body。 You know， are you completely relaxed。

 If you had to rate it on a scale of 1 to 10。 I doubt you'd be a 10 in terms of happiness。 You know。

 like just really feels's like there's probably knots and you're just like。

 like that it's like no one's happy。 And this year was again， the fucking game changer for me。

 So I decided to just really fucking commit to this。 I had nothing to fucking lose。

 you know And it was extremely extremely tough in the beginning， as you can probably imagine。

 know if I can't even talk to my family if I can't even speak up at a Christmas meal how the fucking I can cold approach beautiful women and start interacting with them。

 know， and I really couldn't in the beginning。 like the first few months was just me going out roaming the streets during the day because I was too afraid to go to nightclubs。

 Like they terrorize me。 And I couldn't even approach old ladies and ask for the time。 know。

 that's how bad I was in the beginning， know， I told myself I'd babystep it。 I'm like， know what。

Those beautiful women， like going up and talking to them。 hellll no that just， you know。

 baby step your way there and want you to start small talk。 You know。

 just go up to someone and ask for the time。 You know， if you go buy a newspaper。

 just say nice weather， isn't it， And I couldn't do that。 Like， literally， I went up。

 I remember very clearly。 I went up to this newspaper stand。 And I'm like， can I have a newspaper。

 please， but what like newspaper， I couldn't even say newspaper。 She's like， which one you want。

 I didn't even fucking no and just me saying nice weather isn't it。I couldn't say it。

 I literally couldn't say it。 That's how bad it was。 And then I left， and I felt disappointed。

 And that was literally the first。A few months of me trying to do this okay it's just like going out。

 roaming around， not doing anything and going home feeling worse than before because you know I just felt like shit。

 it's like I suck， I know it could be doing better but I just can't know that blockage but but I stuck at it again。

 I had no other options like for me was it was really just life or death once I found out about this。

And I then joined an online community of other guys who were also part of this who were also working on bettering themselves and changing their lives。

 and I started meeting up with as many of them as I could in person and that gave me the extra little bit of leverage in order to jump in and take action it like once I was out with like okay was like it was really like the point in no return and I started taking action and from there I was fucking hooked know I started going out。

 started getting better little it was little1 percent that would just add on and I slowly started to see my life fucking changing I had more opportunities with women。

 it wasn't like I was just stuck and the only options I had were the girls who were like friends of friends but even them I was just too scared to talk to them and most of them would go for you know cooler guys than me at the time because I would always be on the fucking sidelines So suddenly had opportunities with fucking women my friends started acting differently。

 I started feeling。Just differently in different situations。 I was a lot more at ease。

 I finally lost， you know my fucking virginity。 I mean。

 my whole life fucking just started turning around and I mean， I was just addicted to this。

 And I was like damn you know like I wonder how far I can push this。 You。

 I've already seen like so much good， positive change from it。 And again。

 it's not just fucking women。 How far can I go and I did this for just three years straight in Switzerland and then I moved to Los Angeles。

 and that's when I started assisting real social dynamics。 I met Owen。

 who is Tyler from that book the game。 and I started traveling around America with him for two years。

 where we'd fly out to a city pretty much every single fucking weekend。 and teach guys。

 like teach guys how to do this。 and I would meet all sorts of different individuals like different backgrounds different。

You know， like sticking points or areas they were trying to work on and I mean it was just。

 it was amazing I was like fuck like it。Again， this was what I wanted。

 you know I could like change who I was， I could finally express myself with women。

 I could be a happy feel at ease and I could do that with other people and help them do it and I did that for two years and then after that I started traveling on my own around the world and I did three world tours at this point I'm about to start my fourth and。

Again， and for me， it's like， this is my life right now。 Okay。

 my life is every single fucking weekend。 I fly usually to a new country。 you know。

 give a seminar in front of like a couple hundred people。 And I mean， my life is the game。 Okay。

 literally is it's like everyone I meet is involved with this every weekend I teach guys all my friends are part of this。

 everything I read is about this。 every girl I even sleep with， I'm thinking about this。

 like I breathe and live this。 And this is what I fucking achieved。 from fucking Switzerland。

 like for me stifled unhappy。 just。Just in a rut okay in a fucking rut to having traveled the world I had the most amazing experiences and this is what I want to share with you here how you can fucking do this too no matter who you are because I've really seen it all at this point you know no matter who you are I've most likely seen someone in a very similar situation and I helped them fucking through it okay you may think you're a unique snowflake but trust me when I say you're not okay after having traveled so much meaning so many different people。

 you start seeing the patterns and what I did here is I created a step by step system that if you fucking follow it。

Again， I don't care where you live， where your situation is。 It is going to change your life。 Okay。

 and this isn't fucking like dnaty。 Like， it'll change your life。 I'm speaking from experience here。

 This is fucking reality。