# 01、朱利安《转变》：04.转向增长：17资源【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Right now， there really is an overabundance of information out there。 There's online websites。

 online forums， books， audiobooks， videos， products， seminars， people。

 and this is good okay because on one hand it really eliminates all excuses you can't say oh I don't really know how to do it because I don't have the resources there's all that that's available to you。

 but on the other is we discussed before， it's easy to get lost in all that information。

 go down the rabbit hole of infinite information， watching all these videos。

 reading all this content thinking that you must absorb it all first before taking action and it really is infinite you'll never absorb it all。

 you can keep watching videos， reading content till the day you die。 you'll never run out。

 There's an abundance of fucking information。 you don't know where to start there are just too many options。

 we talked about this too where knowing too much information without taking action can freeze you。

 You're like oh my God， do I do this do I do this which is the right way。

You don't know what to do with it all either。 you know it's like you have all this content you're like oh my God like there's just so much。

 how do I put this into practice okay which is one of the reasons I made this product here and on top of that I mean there's just a lot of bullshit information out there a lot of the information that you see is either marketing it's like guys putting out videos or content to market certain products or events and you'll see things like the no rejection method the short guy method。

 the fat guy method， the old guy method and guys will buy into that know trying to like oh my god I'm never gonna get rejected plain not to lose they believe looks and money appearances。

 all the superficial bullshit things matter。You'll see a lot of information where guys are just telling you what you want to hear。

You know， instead of what you need to hear and at this point too， I mean。

 just anyone can put out content or videos。 Okay you'll see guys who don't even go out or guys who just started going out and they just start sharing all their thoughts is if they're experts it's like I have authority here because I went out twice and this is what I noticed from my two approaches and take this information And then guys like really and they try it out and of course it just doesn't fucking work so there's a lot of bullshit and it really is just a fulltime job to find the best place to start don't mistake noise for information if you're gonna to watch all these videos read all this content。

 go directly to the seed of knowledge。 okay learn from the best in that field。

 not guys who are average or beginners I remember when I first started out in Switzerland。

 I was part of this online forum where everyone else on there was either at my level which was fulltime beginner or a little bit better and there were all these posts of you know what they were learning what they were figuring out know what they were discovering like oh my God。

Realized I could do this or this works。 And I would read them。

 And it was cool because it gives you a nice sense of unity。 know like you're not in this alone。

 It motivates you。 you get inspired a bit。 However。

 I didn't want that to be my main source of information。

 I didn't want to learn off guys who are like at my level or a little bit better。

 I wanted to learn from the fucking best and what did I do， I wanted to get a copy of foundations。

 which was the best product that was out at the time。

 and I would just watch that over and over and over again。

 Okay I wanted the best knowledge that was tested by the best guys。

 I didn't want to learn from average。 and this is what I recommend to you。

 find the best in the field and only stick to those at first。 don't look anywhere else for knowledge。

 just learn from the fucking best now with time， the better you get the more references you get。

 you can kind of spread that out and learn from everyone don't let this limit you either but not in the beginning。

 Okay because if you're new， you don't know yet how to。Differentiate what works and what doesn't。

 And if you just learn from everyone， you're gonna be taking on a lot of bad habits that you're gonna have to unwire later on。

 Okay， so just find the best in the field and then learn from them directly So how do you do this the easiest way。

 no matter where you live， unless you live under a fucking rock is through the Internet if you go online you immediately have access to all these videos。

 online posts， products， books， audio books you name it and you don't have to worry about like shipping availability。

 like oh my god， do they ship to my country， do they ship to where I live and most importantly。

 you don't have to worry about traveling around the fucking world to meet these people you just go online and you directly have access to them。

 And even though it's virtual， that's fine remember， as we talked about before。

 you are the average of the five people you spend the most time with you're the sum of whatever you're being influenced by the most。

 And if some of those people are virtual or。Online， that's fine， too。 Okay， make videos。

 your friends。 Okay， make audiobook， your friends， make books， your friends， make products。

 your fucking friends。 Okay， that's what I did with foundations。

 I would just watch that product all the time。 Like literally daily。

 and guess what the online version of On in that product was one of the five people I hung out with the most。

 And I would be influenced by that。 if you listen to an audio book in your fucking car。

 that's like having that person sitting next to you just talking in your ear。 nonstop。

 it's not as good， of course， is meeting them in person。 Okay， I mean， that there's the best option。

 but it really just takes away all excuses。 You're like， oh， I can't have access to them directly。

 F no， get an audio book， Watch some videos， rewatch them over and over。

 really immerse yourself in that shit。 you want to inject all that knowledge and remove ignorance。

 and realize， too， that when someone's giving a speech for a video for example， or writing a book。

 That's them。The best of themselves and by you being around that。

 it raises your way of thinking to that level to that mental frequency that they're in when they're giving the speech or writing the book and really deepens your understanding of the topic So building on this too don't be afraid of watching a video more than once or reading a book more than once either you're not just watching a video to watch a video a lot of do that where they watch a video or watch a product to tell themselves I watch the product I watch the video or if they read a book。

 they just read it to tell themselves that they fucking read it get out of what I like to call ego content digestion。

 really snap yourself out of that， you're not immersing yourself in content just to tell yourself that you're immersed in content。

 you're doing it to keep this new reality fucking alive pick up is normal。

 It's part of who you are's not a big deal。 and don't be afraid of going back to rewatch content that you already know because you forget the way it work。

Is you have a certain sticking point。 you watch all the content associated to that sticking point。

 You're like， okay， need to be more man to woman。 then you move on and to your next sticking point and you forget you'll still remember the main points but trust me。

 if you move on to a new sticking point， you watch all the content associated to that sticking point and then let's say a month later you go back You're like oh shit。

 I forgot all that， it's always a good reminder and a good reinforcer of what you already know。

 and remember to when you know digesting content， you don't have to finish the video or finish the book or audiobook for you to get value from it we talked about before and learn how to skim through content as well。

 Okay guys will sometimes watch videos and the content doesn't really apply to their current references and they just still sit there and just watch through it and waste tons of time learning stuff they shouldn't be learning yet。

 skim through it， find the parts that that have value。

And then the ones that you can really associate to your references。

 watch those over and over and over again。 Okay， the classics， if you will。

 those are the ones you really immerse yourself in and extensively break down And since we're on the topic of your ego as well。

 don't be stubborn don't be afraid of investing in things like online courses products， videos。

 books， audiobook， all of that because it really is investing in yourself you should always keep money aside just for that。

 instead of wasting it all on things like electronics， close， you know televisions， video games。

 like all the bullshit guys just really spend all their money on which really is stuff that devalues with time this won't quite the opposite one thing I always tell my clients on life programs is if by the end of the next three days。

 you can't find a way to use this knowledge to make all your money back you fucked up it's the same with this product here。

If you can't use all of this knowledge that I'm sharing with you to make the money you spent on this product back because remember。

 this goes way beyond just women。 I mean， this is going to change your entire life。

 if you can't get a return on this investment， you really fucked up and remember to everything's in exchange。

 if you want to take， you have to give as well。 A lot of guys tend to think that they're above it。

 it's like I'm above watching all these videos， I don't need them。

 I'm above paying for certain products or seminars， I don't need those either。

 there's enough free content out there。 And I can just do this on my own。

 I'll just figure it out on my own， I don't need no coaching。 and although that may be true。

 know in certain cases， you know some guys do get decently good on their own。

 realize that it is going to take a long fucking time。 And as we discussed before。

 you really have to value your time。 if you look back throughout your life。

 I'm sure there are a lot of things that you accomplished on your own。

Just figured it out on your own。 But if you had the right resources just from the start and you weren't so fucking stubborn。

 you would have accomplished them a lot faster。 and it's the same here with success with women。

 You think you're being smart and you're saving。 but in reality。

 you're just being fucking stubborn and losing。 I also like to compare this to a buddy of mine who's been working out for years and only recently has he hired a personal fitness trainer。

And just in the last few months of him working with this trainer， his progress is just ridiculous。

 Okay he just looks a thousand times better。 And he realized he's like， fuck， you know。

 I thought I was being smart， just doing this on my own。

 But if I would have done this from the fucking start。 I mean， who knows where I would be right now。

 And it's the fucking same here。 on top of that as well。

 Paid products are usually a lot more structured and you don't have to waste all this time just skimming through the bullshit。

 know， skimming through side tangents rants， promotional material。

 you just really get the best of the best， which is what you want。 you don't want the noise。

 you want the information。 You want the value and paid products are just crammed with that。

 It's like value value value。 This is what you need。Done now go fucking， do it。 Okay And last thing。

 too， in terms of being stubborn。 don't try to do your own thing or create your own style if you're new。

 if you're starting off。 don't be all like， okay， I'm gonna watch all this material。

 but I'm just gonna do my thing。 Okay， don't do that。 copypy what people have spent years building。

 it's like go see what's out there， take advantage， do exactly what they tell you to do。 Okay。

 just copy them， And then from there， once you caught up to that level once you have a nice feel for it all。

 then you can kind of branch off and do your own thing。 don't reinvent the wheel if you will。

 Now if you can meet them in person， that's the ideal。 Okay。

 doing it through the Internet is awesome。 and it's better than not doing anything at all。

 And you really have no excuse not to be doing that。 But nothing beats。

 See it live in front of you in person experiencing it live in front of you in person and getting live。

okay， so do it online， no matter what。 But then from there。

 hustle your ass off to meet these people in real life and spend time with them。

 anyone who's really made it to the top has had real life mentors。 as I said before。

 there are no cheat codes to this。 But if there was one。

 it would be this surrounding yourself with real life mentors surrounding yourself with good people who have more wisdom than you and who've been through more bullshit than you they'll help you avoid wasting tons of time learning and figuring this all out on your own similar to what I'm doing for you here with this product。

 and they'll also help you identify what you're doing wrong。

 identify your sticking points because even if you follow the system that we talked about before where you write down three interactions and three lessons。

 And then when you look at the bigger scale of things， you can identify your sticking point。

 you're still caught in a subjective state of mind。 And it's still very， very hard to be。

100% objective in terms of breaking down what you're doing wrong。

 so having some sort of external perspective on things does help tremendously。 And on top of that。

 one of the hardest things for most people to wrap their head around is the fact that they don't have an accurate frame of reference for what intensity is when learning this for you to really accelerate the learning process。

 You need to start going beyond what you think is your maximum effort。

 and this is something I hear on live programs all the time。 where I'll take a client out。

 and he's like damn， you know， I thought I was hitting it hard。

 the holy shit that you just open my eyes。 you opened my eyes to how hard I could be hitting it and how hard I should be hitting it。

 and this is something I experienced too。 I started off in Switzerland And I got decently good。

 And I thought I was going like know pretty intense at this shit。

 And then I moved to Los Angeles started hanging out with some of the best guys in the world。

It really opened eyes to holy fuck。 know， it's like you can do all that。

 That's how intense you should go at this shit damn。 And my progress just fucking exploded。

 Okay because before that point， before you see the best in person you know how hard you should be hitting it is just really based on your own experience。

 and based on that experience， you're the one who just know from a subjective standpoint sets the threshold。

 So how do you go back getting real life mentors because this is something a lot of guys fuck up as well。

 so the number one rule here is no hero worship。 don't be a fan。 everyone enjoys having fans。

 but no one wants to be personal friends with those fans。

 you have to snap yourself out of that and be realistic realize that that person is human whatever he achieved。

 you can achieve as well， no one is cut from a different cloth。

 And for you to also really learn from that person， you need to see his success。Also his failures。

 Okay， and you won't be able to do that if you're caught up in fandom。 Okay， and on top of that， too。

 by you， you know， snapping yourself out of that and actually being normal around that person。

 you will have more value and you will stand out。 Okay because what happens whenever he meets people。

 they're always like， fans。 So like， oh my God， you're so awesome。 you're so awesome。 Oh。

 can I take a picture， Can I ask you this question。 if you're actually normal and you're like。

 hey I say go， He's like， oh shit。I can actually be myself around this guy。

 I can have a genuine conversation， and he's not caught up again in that hero worship type of mentality。

 Another mistake guys make is asking for someone to be their mentor， Okay and that never works。

 I get emails in Facebook messages every day along the lines of help， I need a mentor。

 Can you be my mentor， can I travel with you and learn from you， or you know what。

 I've been working on my game for years， And I think you'd really appreciate that。

 And I think that you be my mentor is just the last missing piece that I need to get to the next level。

 Will you be my mentor， Okay， and what do all of these have in common。

 They're all asking the same thing， which is， what can I take， what can I take from you。

 and you can't be doing that。 Instead， offer value。 remember， Everything's in exchange。

 and you can't just take without giving。 so ask yourself instead， What can I give。Okay。

 what does this person want and what can I give him， And oftentimes， it'll be in other fields。 Okay。

 for example， if someone wants me to mentor them， I don't need another guy who's offering， you know。

 game knowledge。 Okay， or another guy who's good at game because I'm already good at game。 Okay。

 that's not something that has value to me。 That's not something I want。 I'm more curious about。

 say other areas of life。Okay for example， let's just say you know producing videos or high quality videos。

 So if someone came up to me and they offered value in that area like hey。

 I can help you produce high quality videos， that's gonna have a lot more value。

 and I'll be more likely to be like okay I'll mentor you in exchange So it's a win- win type of situation and make it easy on them too don't send long emails for example describing your whole life story like I'll get that where guys like so I started off and this is what happened and this is what I worked on and then this happeneda etc before finally getting to the point there's that expression TlDR okay too long didn't read I just don't have the time to read through all that。

 you need to make it a lot shorter and just straight to the point so it' is easy and I can do it fast without wasting fucking time another example is asking easy to answer questions at first okay if you want to be around someone don't go up and just ask any question that comes to mind select precise questions and questions。

That won't wear that person down because if someone comes up and there's asking all these questions and you're like。

 oh my God， you're not gonna want to hang out with them and you're not gonna want to fucking mentor them and doing this。

 you know， like asking easy to answer questions does help them invest in you。

 if someone comes up to me and they just ask very simple questions。 I'm just like， oh。

 those are easy to answer。 I don't have to exert that much energy because I'm kind of answering his questions。

 I'm investing in helping him and I'll be more likely to want to continue helping him in the long run。

 so don't just ask any fucking question that comes to mind and realize that the main thing you'll get out of being around a mentor is simply being around him。

 that there is gonna be a lot more beneficial in the long term and way more fucking beneficial than just having a certain question answered。

 I remember there was a client I had in Miami。And he did the program with me and he was awesome。

 Okay like just awesome guy。 He did ask a lot of questions。 But， you know。

 it's a fucking paid program。 And I'm gonna answer every fucking question he has。 And at the end。

 he tells me， So I got a couple months off from work。 And I was wondering if I could。

 travel with you a bit and assist you。 And I was open to the idea。 I'm like you know what， cool。

 dude， let's talk about it tomorrow at the end of the seminar that I'm giving。

 he was going to that seminar as well。 So we would just reconvene at the end and discuss it。

 So I give the seminar the next day。 and I'm just beat。 at the end of that seminar， I'm dead。

 and I'm answering everyone's questions。 It's like the last few questions。 I'm like okay guys。

 Any last questions。 And everyone's like， no， we're good。 I'm like awesome， thanks for coming out。

 Great event。 And I end it。 and he comes up to me。 And instead of just being know。

 normal chill shooting the shit。 And then we can go sit somewhere and discuss the details of him traveling with me。

 He's like， actually， I have all these questions。 But I wanted to ask them to you personally。

 and he just goes boom through all these。😊，Questions even though he can see it that I'm just absolutely dead。

 Now， there's nothing wrong with that， he can ask me all the questions in the world。 However。

 it did make me reevaluate having him travel and assist me。 Okay， why。

 because if he doesn't have the social intelligence to see that I'm absolutely dead And he's still asking me all these questions。

 What does that say about him on tour。 if I'm tired and not finish an event。

 I don't want to go back to where I'm staying and have a guy just ask me question after question after question。

 because it's just gonna fucking wear me down。 So for him， he was thinking in the short term， like。

 oh my God， I'm getting my questions answered。 But what would be more valuable not asking those questions。

 and then being able to travel with me and learn a lot more from just being around me。 Okay。

 so keep that in mind， if you want a mentor。 Don't just go there and bombard them with questions。

 be normal， be cool and be the person they'd want to hang out with in between events。

 whenever you're around them never complain， never be negative and never suck energy。Be fun， vibrant。

 youthful， positive。 if you want to complain and suck energy。 you know。

 take one of their paid programs。 But otherwise， if you want to start hanging out with them。

 you better be fucking smiling and laughing all the time。 and lastly。

 do whatever it takes to get in close do whatever it takes to just be around them no matter what it is be willing to pay the price if that means flying out to meet them。

 do it if that means doing free labor for them， just working for free， do it。

 if that means doing all these bullshit menial tasks。

 do it as well no matter what the fuck it is okay that's what I did。

 when I moved to Los Angeles and I started hanging out with Owen and he would start mentoring me。

 I would just did whatever the fuck it took to be around him I would drive him around。

 I do bullshit tasks。 I do free work， I even babysat his kid once whatever it took I didn't give a fuck guess what being around him for such a long period of time。

 the value you get from that is just fucking priceless。Now。

 to help illustrate what we just talked about， O， in terms of getting a mentor。

 I thought I'd read out an online post by my assistant Glen。

 where he breaks down in detail how he went about assisting me traveling with me and learning from me。

 and what he says is， because I now attended four hot seats already。

 And those are live events that I give where I show infield footage。 O， Hi camera footage。

 Julian would recognize me。 all that time， I never asked him for a picture or asked him any game questions。

 which is what everyone else would be doing。 But I did want to get on his radar。

The way I did that was， first of all， by doing what he preaches。

 Go to his hot seats and taking action and not having a leachy vibe。

 But I also took advantage of the moments where I could get close to him。 For example， in Amsterdam。

 on Sunday after the hot seat， he went to grab something to eat。 and whoever wanted could tag along。

 And， of course， I did that。Then on the second hot seat was the first time I ever had a one night stand。

 And at the end of the hot seat， I went up to him and thanked him。

 telling him that I just had my very first one night stand， offering value。

 not taking it by asking game questions。 If I ever had a game question。

 I would only ask it during the Q And A part of the hot seat。😊。

Then I also went to Los Angeles for the live event of his Pimp product。 He knew me from Europe。

 and then he'd see me in America， and that there conveyed that I'm serious about this and makes me stand out。

 I then send him an email。 And the email that he sends says， hi， Julian。

 I created the subtitles for one of your latest videos。

 How to turn everything that happens infield into awesomeness。

 There was some strong win in the background， So I thought it might be helpful if there were some subtitles。

 The subtitle file is in the attachment， and you can basically just upload it directly to YouTube。😊。

I'm also very interested to assist you on boot camp。

 You'll be traveling in Europe in September and October and in Australia in November。

 Though you were going to do Asia， but that seems to have changed。

 I've been to your hot seat in Amsterdam， Helsinki， Zurich and Berlin， where I'm currently based。

 I was also at your pimp event。 I'm already doing the traveling regardless of the assisting。

 and I have the time and resources to travel with you for at least those three months。

 I could support you with your online marketing as well。 for the past 10 months。

 I've been working for one of the top online marketing firms in Europe。

 And I've attached my online marketing resume in case you want to know a bit more about that。

 It would really be awesome to travel with you and assist you looking forward to hearing from you。

 Cheers， Glen， He then proceeds to write， instead of just asking him if I could be his assistant。

 I asked myself the question first of how I could provide him with value。 Okay。

 so instead of starting the email with asking him for something。

 I did something for him without him having to ask for it。 I made the subtitles for a noisy video。

 I also with the email thinking of what he would need。😊，From an assistance， first of all。

 he needs someone who can afford the traveling who will not back out and who can handle that。

Then of course he needs someone to be able to help him out with this stuff。

 and that's basically what I said I'm already traveling to your hot seats。

 I have the time and resources， so why not help out making it easy on him to agree to that。

He thanked me for the email， and we Skyped later， and I got the position。 Okay， and as a conclusion。

 he writes， focus on how you can provide value to the instructor。

 It's the same as applying for any other job。 Why should they take you。

