# 01、朱利安《转变》：01.游戏：3什么是游戏和吸引力_03. What Is Game & Attraction_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

What is game Now what you think it is。 Okay， I really don't think there's any single topic with more confusion surrounding it than game。

 You know， just look up any piece of media coverage。 like go on Google right now。 you know。

 like actually do this like open your browser and type in game P A like pick up artist pick success with women and just look at the results。

 what are you gonna see， you're gonna see articles talking about manipulation。 You know。

 like game is manipulation。 You know， it's learning how to manipulate these poor innocent girls into suck in your dick。

 you're gonna see articles talking about that。 You're gonna see articles about learning hypnosis。

 You know， it's going up in hypnotizing girls into sleeping with you。 magic， know。

 it's using magic tricks。 I would just basically sum it up to dark wizardry。

 that would be the best definition， you ask anyone in the street。

 who might heard about this in the news。 and they're gonna be like， oh my God， game is dark wizardry。

 know， even if I throw up a seminar in my schedule now， you might。😊，See this， too。

 People are going be like， oh my God， it's very like， oh my God， the dark wizardry is coming。 Okay。

 hide your girls， hide your wives， hide your fucking daughters。 Okay。

 that's the reaction of people who， you know， might have heard this through maybe a friend who read an article。

 dark wizardry。 And， of course， you know， they couldn't be more fucking wrong。 Now。

 even people who actually looked into this a bit。 You know。

 people who are part of this whole success with women community。

 They don't even really fucking know what game is。 You know， go on like online forums。

 You'll see posts like， you know， game is。😡，Learning techniques， You know。

 it's like all these different techniques you'll learn。 It's putting on a front， you know。

 putting on a stick。 Okay， like I'll see you guys out。 you know， that's what they think game is。

 It's like they're kind of like shy。 They're like， oh， I can't really talk to girls。

 And then they go up and they just put on this front like， oh hey， what's up， How's it going。

 You know， they think that's what it is。 or you know， working on that stick and perfecting it。 And。

 of course， they couldn be more fucking wrong either。 Okay， but let's not stop there。

 Let's take this even one step further。 And let me ask you what is attraction。

 You know what makes you attractive。Do you know， you know， is it your looks， your money。

 your personality， your pheromones， You know， this actually happened。

 I was giving a seminar and some guy came up to me he's like， hey， here's a。

A little flask of phereroommones。 You know， you put this on your neck and women are going to want to fuck you。

 You know， people believe in that。 You know， it's like buy little phereroomone bottles。

 and that'll get you fucking women。So it's very unclear， you know， no one really knows。

 some guys will go ask women， you know， and that you think that would make sense， you know。

 like go up to a woman， just ask him， you know， like what do you like in a guy， like。

 what is an attractive guy to you， And you're gonna hear things like， well， I like a guy who's nice。

 you know， confident， has a sense of humor。 you know， not too out of shape good looking， you know。

 good looking。 I just like a guy who can be himself around me。🎼You know， that's like the most common。

 A guy who can just be himself And being yourself to a guy who is not currently naturally attractive with women is the worst advice you could fucking give him。

 You know， it's like， if you're a fucking loser， being yourself means being a loser。

 It's not going to help you either， Okay， so there's a lot of confusion， No one really fucking knows。

 Most people are unclear about what constitutes game and attraction。 Okay， or even worse。

 they believe in the wrong fucking things。 Okay， and this is largely due to something called social conditioning。

 Okay， did you ever ask yourself， You know， where did all your current beliefs about， you know。

 dating sex relationships Pick up， You know， like， where do all your current beliefs actually come from。

 You know， did you ever actually sit down and ask yourself like， h。😡，Where did that really come from。

 Like， how did that little idea pop in there？ And it comes from this social conditioning。

 And this is something that has been influencing you since the day we're fucking born。

 So I want to start off by clearing this all up for you。 Okay。

 because if you don't know what you're trying to learn and achieve here。

 you're just fucked from the start。 Okay， so let me introduce this idea of social conditioning。 Okay。

 basically as human beings We' fast learners。 Okay， incredibly fast learners。

 And we're constantly learning from everyone in everything that's around us。 You know。

 the people that are around us are friends or family random people we see in the street on the television in the news。

 social media， you know， things like Facebook， Twitter。Instagram， magazines， books。

 television movies。 we have all this information just blast it at us from all angles。

 And this is ultimately what we're conditioned by。 And what happens is we have so much information。

 know， too much to be honest， know， especially nowadays with the Internet that to sort through it all。

 because we don't have time to verify everything in the world。 You know。

 you just can't verify the source of all this information like how do I know this is valid， know。

 how do I know this is true， you don't have time So to sort through it。

 We basically have an unconscious verification system with three filters。

 The first one is how certain someone is of their ideas。

 if someone comes up to you and say you're a person who's never heard someone clappap before。

 And they tell you， if you clap， you will make a sound The first thing。

 you're gonna be looking for is is this person certain in what he's saying yes or no。Okay。

 that's the first filter。 The second one is how an alignment his behavior is with his ideas。 Okay。

 if you sense like， again， he's like a little tense， you know。

 there's a little bit of uncertainty communicated to in the behavior a little bit of misalignment。

 you're probably going to doubt the information。 Okay， so that's the second filter。

 And the third one is the number of people that buy into his idea as well。 Okay。

 so someone comes up to you and they're very certain they're like， you know what， if you clap。

 you'll make a sound。 Now， like， if you clap， you'll make a sound his behavior And what he's saying is is very aligned。

 And then you see a fuck ton of people who are also like a agree with him。 like， yup， if you clap。

 you'll make a sound。Those are your three filters。 you will just， know believe that information。

 you'll be， you know what？It must be true。 Okay， and this here is our biggest blessing。

 but also our biggest curse。 Okay， on one hand， it's awesome。 You know， because we learn a lot more。

 you know， we don't have to spend all this time verifying the source of everything。 You know。

 learning everything firsthand。 And imagine if we had to do that。 But there is a downside。

 and that is that we get used to looking at the surface of things and not the depth。 You know。

 we just take a lot of ideas for granted， because someone told us like， oh this is what's up。

 you're like， oh cool， we get addicted to looking at other people know， to do the thinking for us。

 You know， it's like， oh you figured that out， awesome。 You know。

 I'm just not going to do much myself， I'm just gonna take all these ideas through this verification system。

 and the biggest downside。 is that if an idea that's false。 You know。

 no matter how fucking stupid wrong it is， if it's somehow manages to get through that system。

 somehow all three filters。 it's like all the criteria are met。 you will believe it。

 even if you're common sense is like dude， this is a fuck。Can retarded idea。 You're going to be like。

 no no， no， it passed through the system。 I believe it。Okay。

 now a lot of information that you get and you know that goes through that system is good。

 But when it comes to you know， success with women。You know， the majority is fucking wrong。

 And this is where a lot of the confusion。 You know， it comes to game and attraction comes from。

 So let's clear this all up。 Okay， what is attraction， attractiontract is value， remember that。

 attraction equals value and what is value from an evolutionary standpoint。

 value is anything that increases your chances of survival and reproduction， Okay。

 anything that'll help you survive， anything thatll help you know。

 have kids and help your kids survive， that is what constitutes value。 Okay， beyond that。

 I would say anything that feels good， Okay， like positive emotions， know。

 oftentimes our emotions are going to align， you know， with things that value to us。

 if you're doing something that helps you， survive and reproduce you're going to feel good。

 if you're having sex， you feel good， you know， if you're doing some sort of like physical activity。

 you're gonna feel good， even if there's like nice weather outside。 you're gonna feel good。

 it's not a dangerous environment， It has。al to you。 Okay， now， as a little sign it as well。

 you can also feel good towards things that are harmful and irration。 You know。

 things like procrastination， you know， it's not helping you move forward。

 but you're gonna feel good。 You're like， yeah， procrastinating overeating， you know。

 eating food that is gonna kill you long term， taking drugs， drinking， okay， like all that。

Isn't really increasing your chances of survival and reproduction。 But okay， that's because。

 you know， back in caveman times， if you will， that long termm thinking wasn't really like hardwired in our mind。

 You know， you could die any fucking day。 So things that value any type of food。 McDonald's。

 who gives a shit is gonna help you survive。 So just keep that in mind。

 referencing caveman times as well。 You know， like back in caveman times realize that attraction has always been the same。

 it's not something new。 it's not something that was invented this year。 You know。

 what attracted a cave womanman， you know， back in the day is still what attracts a woman today。

 Okay， and guess what a lot of the superficial things。 You know。

 the law people believe you know is what causes attraction。 You know， things like money。

 things like being model looking， you know， being a pretty boy， things like， you know。

 your possessions， your clothes。Okay， all that shit didn't matter back in cave and times。

 And guess what it still doesn't matter today。 Okay， what mattered back then things like confidence。

Decisiveness， resourcefulness， you know， fearlessness， dominance。

 the stuff that's subcomicated in the way you talk in the way you act。 Okay。

 not the superficial stuff。 The deeper layer of communication。 And that's what women are focused on。

 Okay， that says a lot more about who you are than words ever could。 You know。

 this is a mistake guys make where they just go up and they spew their resume。 You know。

 you may even understand this。 Okay， women like guys who are decisive and resourceful。

 So I'm gonna tell her that I'm that person。 And they start， you know， this is me。

 And this is what I've accomplished， et cea， et cetera。

 And women are not looking at all that superficial bullshit。 They're looking at the way you act。

 You know， the energy or vibe that you put off。 You know。

 the same is if you're sitting next to someone who's stressed。You know。

 they don't have to tell you their stresss。 They can just， you can just feel it off them。

 If someone's mad， you can feel that， you know， vibe or energy。 if you're a guy who's confident。

 you know， resourceful， decisive， you know， dominant。 a girl can just feel that off you。

 You don't have to tell her。 Okay， And this is what matters。Women are looking at the subcomications。

 They're looking at your behavioral cues。 Okay， and this is important。 why， Well。

 because women are not like you。 Okay， as a guy， if you see a woman。

 you know what determines if she's attractive or not。 You know， for the most part。

 It's the visual cues。 You're looking at her appearance。 You know， you're looking for signs of youth。

 signs of fertility。 That is what has value to you。 Okay， but women are not fucking like you。 Okay。

 they can't tell what type of person you are， Okay， they can't tell if you're attractive。

 solely based on your appearance。 Okay， they need to see the way you act and the way people react to you。

😡，To give you a deeper understanding of this， you know。

 some of the things that subcomicate attractiveness to women， you know。

 some of the things that they were looking at would be your eye contact， you know。

 having like steady laser eye contact， you know， you can pretty much tell everything and anything just by looking at someone's eyes。

 you know， if someone's nervous， they'll be like。Hey， you know。

 it'll be like kind of tense if someone's just very at ease in the environment。

 you know it's very comfortable， confident， just like knows who he is at a core level， you know。

 knows what he's doing， it'll just be like。Hey。You know， how's he going。He， how's it going？

🎼How's it going， Okay， your eye contact， your vocal tonality， You know。

 we call it trying for a poor versus breaking rapport。 Okay。

 trying for a poor is where your voice goes up at the end。 Okay that is bad。

 A lot of guys will do this when they talk to a girl。

 It kind of communicates there really down here And the girls are up here。 They're like， hey。

 it's very supplicating。 How's it， how's it going， really that there does not communicate attractiveness。

 Okay， your voice should。You know， go down the way you naturally talk to your friends。

 the way I'm talking to you right now。 Hey， how's it going。 Okay， she's looking at that。

 Your body language。 now， don't get too caught up in body language is a little sign note。

 Some guys like， what， What is good body language， Good body language is just anything where。

You know， that communicates your， your ideas ease and your environment。 You know。

 you're just very just comfortable。 Okay， It's not a specific。Cross your arms type of thing。

 You know， and， and beyond that， I would just say your sense of individuality， your sense of humor。

 playfulness that there， you know， those are things that subcomate attractiveness。

 And this is also the reason why， you know， say pick lines don't work。Okay， straight up。

 pickup up lines do not work。 One guy can go up to a girl。 You know， use his pickup line。

 Another guy can go up to a girl， Use the same exact line， and she's not gonna react the same way。

 Okay， and it's not the line itself line really doesn't fuck matter。 It's， again。

 that vibe they put off。 It's the different behavioral cues that they had。

 And building on this is well。 Okay， because men are more focused on the visual cues and women are more focused on the behavioral cues。

 realize that men and women experience attraction very differently。 Okay， men。

 we experience attraction very fast。 You know， it's like a light switch。 You see the girl。

 you want to fuck or you don't。 You know， it's like your dick's hard or it's not。

 Okay happens in a matter of you know， a second， a split second。 Okay。

 we can tell very fast if we're attracted to the girl or not。 Women， on the other hand。

 experience attraction a lot slower。 You know， it's like a volume knob。 Okay。

 she needs more time to tell what type of person you are。 You know to get a grasp of who。

You fucking R， she can't tell just right off the bat。 why。

 because any fucking loser can pretend to be confident to be attractive。

 to have value for the first few seconds。 You know， if I take some guy like dude。😡，Go in there。

 laser eye contact， you know， strong eye contact， breaking a reportality。 Go in strong。 Be confident。

 Come on， man， boom and I like pump him up， send him in for the first few seconds。 You know。

 if he manages his behavioral cues， he's gonna be attractive。 You know。

 there goes's gonna be like shit。 he's attractive。 But again。

 she wants to know if you're really that person deep down inside。 and that's why she needs more time。

 she wants to see if some bullshit's gonna slip up。 You know， it's like an interview。 You know。

 if I interview someone to work for me， I'm not gonna interview him And like after five minutes。

 like if the guy comes in like， yeah， and he's like just perfect， I'm like， dude， you're hired。

 I'm actually gonna probably do three to four different interviews over a longer period of time。 why。

 even if I know if I'm gonna hire the guy at the beginning， to see if some bullshit slips up。

 because the more time you spend with someone。 the're harder it is to you know。

pretendtend to be the shit。 Okay， like their real self is gonna shine through。

 And if it's incongruent， you can tell。 Okay， so that's kind of like how a woman experiences attraction。

 You go in and she's like， okay， this is。My first impression， This is， you know。

 who's presenting himself to be。 Is he really this person， Yes or no， Let's spend more time with him。

 Okay， let's test him a bit。 Let's， you know， throw some little you know， some bullshit his way。

 see how he reacts to that。 Okay， let's put him in different environments。 Okay。

 that is the way she views things。 And she's looking at this on a minute to minute。

 second to second basis。 Okay， and just understanding this to is a little sign note。

 realized that attraction for a woman is not static。Okay， you could go in strong。 And she's like。

 oh my God， this guy's awesome。 He's， you know， he has value。 Then you could act in a very， you know。

 supplicating， needy type of way。 She's like，'s not attractive anymore more。

 But then you may snap out of it。 And then you're confident again。 She's like。

 always's attractive again。 You know， it's like there was a movie。

 I think it was called shallow how a Jack black， where it's like the girl S。 and she's fat。 Shes。

 She's fat。 that's pretty much how woman experiences attraction。 Okay。

 and she's just looking at the overall picture is this guy， the shit。 yes or no。

 She's like a volume no you like a light switch。 And this is what game is。 You know。

 it's finding ways to make yourself more attractive。

 finding ways to develop those inner traits that communicate value。 You know。

 it's not pretending to be some guy at value。 You know。

 we're trying to manipulate people's impression of you。 It's becoming an attractive guy at the core。

 Okay， that there is game。 Now， of course， know， there's also。😊，Technical side to it all。

 But if you're not a naturally attractive guy， that technical side is not gonna help you。

 and most likely it'll do you more harm， you know， in terms of your resource with women。 Okay。

 it's like if you you know， you have a tree， you have the roots。 And then you have the tree。

 the roots is becoming naturally attractive。 the tree is the technical side if you will。

 if you don't have the roots， your tree is gonna fucking fall over。

 and that's what most people try to do。 know， they think game is like learning these little tricks。

 when in reality， focus on the fucking roots， get a solid foundation。 Okay。

 techniques will help you if you're not attractive。 That's like if you take a girl。

 you're not attracted to。 And she's like， you know what。Chanel lipstick。Do you like me now， Okay。

 it's the same thing here。 Okay， you have to force yourself to evolve。 You know。

 you have to force yourself to make a shift and to change who you are on a deep identity level。

 Game is really about having a clear vision of who you want to become。

 and then backwards engineering。 All the steps you're gonna have to take to get there。

If you take that naturally attractive you， the you you want to be， you have to ask yourself。

 what are all the experiences that guy had to go through that made him who he is。

 What are all the events that LED up to him becoming that person。 know。

 you're gonna have to break it down understand it。 And then you're gonna have to go through those same experiences。

 You're gonna have to walk that path。 Okay， so if you take the you who's attractive。 You know。

 he probably has a lot of references， you know， a lot of experiences talking to women。

 He's used to being around gorgeous women。 He has a lot of experience with women。

 If that's not you right now， you're gonna have to go out and talk to a lot of women。

 You're gonna have to get those experiences to make yourself more attractive in become that guy。

 that's learning game。 He probably has good social skills。 he talk to a lot of people。

 He knows what makes sense in different situations。 If that's not you。

 you don't have that many reference socializing， You're gonna have to go out and。

socializing he's probably very at ease with who he is。It probably has， you know。

 a positive outlook on the world， You know， has positive assumptions。 If that's not you， you know。

 a lot of people have negative assumptions， you're gonna have to go out and get the references necessary to tip the balance。

 So instead of having negative assumptions， you start having positive assumptions， Okay。

 but that's game。 know， it's just like connecting the dots。 You know， it's like if I do this。

 Does it move me more towards being attractive or not。 Okay， it's like。

 what's the the chain reaction。And then you just start getting all the experiences it's going to take time。

 it's a slow step by step process， but that is game， it's a practice okay it's a way of acting。

 a way of being， it's you going out and doing certain things over and over again day by day。Okay。

 that'll slowly start moving you to becoming the person you want to become。 Okay。

 change won't just happen like that in the moment。 Okay， it's a build up that happens with time。

 And this really is the opposite of how most guys think and behave when it comes to success with women。

 You know， most guys think that they're gonna quickly learn this。 You know。

 just quickly get it out of the way。 Go out there， get their dream girl like that。 You know。

 like rise to the occasion and keep her。You know， and if you think that you are dead， fucking wrong。

 Okay， to get your dream girl， you know， to get that specific girl of your dreams。 Okay。

 and remember this， you need to become good with women in general。Okay。

ca even if let's just say you magically rise the occasion and get her。

 you're not gonna to be able to keep her。 she's gonna to realize after a while。

 like you have made no change。 You're not a guy of value。 Okay。

 that's gonna come out and most likely you're gonna repel her。 why， because you know。

 that you don't have much experience talking to women。 And if she fucking leaves where this ends。

 you're gonna have a lot of trouble getting another one。 Okay， and you're gonna act desperate。

 you're gonna act needy and you're gonna fuck it up。 Another one is the most guys wait for luck。

 You know， they think that getting their dream girls like winning the lottery。 You know。

 it's like I'm just gonna be lucky like my lucky day will happen。 and that's even worse。

 than thinking you're gonna magically rise the occasion。 You know， like one shot one kill。

 Okay waiting for luck is futile。 Okay， it may never happen。 And even if it does。

 it's not gonna work out for the same reasons， I just described before。 Okay， this isn't about。

Waiting to be put on。 This is about taking control， you know， taking charge of your own life。

 who you are。 Okay， and you're gonna have a lot more luck working on yourself as a fucking person than waiting for something to happen。

😡，Okay， don't wait for opportunities。 createre them。 I'd say overall。

 there's just a huge misguided belief。 you know when it comes to success with women or even success in life。

 you know， where a lot of people think that to make it to the top。 you know。

 building on this whole like waiting for luck thing。 you have to be lucky。 know。

 you have to be put on。 you have to be lucky。 and it just happens like that。

s like you have your big break。 Okay， and that is so wrong。 Okay。

 it's it's a wrong belief that's just fed you by the media by Hollywood movies， you know。

 it's like to be successful， it's all about， you know， connections is about cheating the system。

 you know， it's about just someone helping you out， it's like your shit and then bang。

 if you're lucky， you'll be at the top。 Okay， and that's just fucking bullshit。 Okay。

 success is slow hard work。 growth doesn't just happen。 It's rare that someone just gets to the top。

 you know， by fucking accident。 Okay it's kind of break this view of reality for you。 I mean。

 a story I love sharing。He's a buddy of mine and went on a date with Carly Ray Jepson。 Okay。

 and this is the girl who sings call me maybe。 know， if you go on YouTube。

 you can watch her video right now。 And when you see it， you know。

 it just seems like it's the most commercial song in video in the world。 You。

 it's like you take this girl。 You're like just some random bitch throw up there and fucking sing。

 Call me maybe。 I mean， that's the impression you get。

 it turns out this girl is actually smartest shit。 And she reads a fuck ton of books。 Okay。

 something you wouldn't expect。 You're like what she reads a lot of books。

 You can also go on Google and Google like sober actors。 know。

 and you'll find out a lot of actors are extremely on top of their shit。 Okay。

 it's not like they were just lucky and magically made it， they put in the work。

 They understood success。 They studied success。 Okay， time and hard work。 Okay， if you want to。

 you know， a new definition for luck。 luck is when opportunity meets preparation。

 that's an awesome saying。😊，That should be the new way you view it。 Don't believe the hype。 Okay。

 don't get sucked into that illusion。 Every time you meet someone who's successful。

 you know or someone who's made it to the top， ask them。

 you know what they had to do and go through to get there。 and you will be fucking surprised。 Okay。

 What you're trying to accomplish here。 has nothing to do with luck。

 This is about taking charge of who you are taking charge of your fucking life and making a shift。

