# 01、朱利安《转变》：00.简介：2.转变将如何改变你【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So after having traveled the world and meeting all types of people okay with different cultures。

 ethnicities， ages， if there's one fucking thing they all have in common。

 it's that no one knows what the fuck they're doing when it comes to game and success with women okay if you walk into a nightclub。

 this very quickly becomes apparent as well， you'll see guys just huddling in the corner。

 you know not taking action， you'll see guys just observing other people， you'll see guys。

Talk a bit and then maybe just talk to one or two girls in a night and usually those interactions are very short or they may be longer。

 but oftentimes they're just very friend to friend。 You know， it just doesn't go anywhere。 you know。

 they talk and it it's nice And at the end， can have your number And the girls's like no。

 I don't have a phone， you I have a boyfriend And there's no actual results。 you'll see guys， you。

 actually just hitting it hard and going crazy。 you know。

 like just running around like a fucking chicken with its head cut off。

 and they don't get results either。 know，'s like doing crazier and crier things。

 hoping that that will help。 And it's really not the lack of effort。 You know。

 it's like I see guys put in a ton of effort like doing this for years。

 it's just lack of fucking knowledge it's like they do this for years， but there's zero progress。

 You know， they're nice are just very similar and there's no actual change in terms of their results。

 And in terms of their fucking life。 and it's not knowledge in terms of theory or content。

 if you go online。You know， find hours upon hours of theory or content like you can probably watch theory content till the day you die。

 you know， in terms of how to talk to a girl， how to start a conversation。

 how to ask for a phone number， etc。 It's just that people don't know what to do with it？

 You have all this theory and content。 you don't what the fuck to do with it。

 It's like where do I start， how do I actually apply this。

 and there's an overabundance of information too。 It's like people don't know how to sort through it all。

 there's just so many variables， techniques， perspectives， types of game。

 oftentimes to like these types of game can just really be broken down to personal biases。

 there's just a lot of fucking bullshit。 know it's like people just watch so much bullshit content just guys who speculate who don't actually go out know it's not congruent information。

 there're just sitting at home like oh I wonder， I think this would work with women and they just make a fucking shitty YouTube video and you watch that you're like yeah。

 and you try that out。And I just see guys like I've seen this for years。 Okay。

 I've been in this for over fucking eight years and I've seen this we' just again。

 guys are spinning their wheels and again， they're going hard but there's no change it's like this may be you It's like you've been probably do this for a while。

 but are you really are you really any closer to your fucking goal。

 So what I tried to do with this product here is keep it as objective as possible just really get rid of all fucking personal biases and really just base it on all of the patterns that I've seen over the past eight years in different people around the fucking world。

 Okay again， you meet so many people the patterns have become very。

 very apparent very fast and you just see like all the things where people just fuck up and I've created here a perfected logical step by step fucking system in terms of how to learn game where I'm gonna take your hand like literally take your fucking hand and walk you through it。

Okay and I've broken it down into six chapters okay。

 the first one is what is game okay if you don't even know what the fuck you're learning you're not going to know you know how you're fuck from the start basically okay if I ask you like what is game people don't really know they're like oh it's fuck a lot of girls it's putting on a front it's what it's magic so it's again very clearly what the fuck is game。

Okay what you're trying to achieve here， I talk about all the bullshit beliefs and misconceptions people have about it。

 I talk about what you're gonna have to leave behind and snap the fuck out of like victim mentality or superiority mentality and then just really what it comes down to which is letting go of your current identity letting go of everything just getting rid of fucking comfort embracing discomfort in taking right action so you just really know in detail what the fuck you're doing here I then get into chapter2 which is the mindsets and that is you know how to be motivated it's like that too it's like how the fuck you motivate yourself to do such a hard task because this shit is tough this is the hardest thing you're ever gonna do in your life but trust me when I say it's worth it the traps of motivation you know not doing it for the validation for example and just being realistic about it all realistic it's the harsh truth you don't want to hear。

 but that you need to hear in terms of how long it's going to take I mean， just getting。

ri of all like the little marketing hype that people just buy into okay chapterpt3 is action okay it comes down to how to take action。

 what's holding you back， how to embrace rejection and where to fucking take action。

 where to get your reference experiences Cha 4 is reflection。

 where it's like how to sit down after you go out， which is something that people don't do and break down your reference experiences。

 So it's how to break them down to get the right lessons from them。

 how to then interpret those references to reinforce new beliefs that you want to take on。

 change your current beliefs， even create beliefs okay then it's learning from your reference experiences like instead of just doing the same fucking thing over and over again。

 how to know what to work on and lastly resources in that chapter where I talk about you know where to look up content。

 how to sort through the bullshit， how to get mentors。

 which is also super fucking key that's chapter 4 Chapt 5 is momentum。That's moving forward。

 you know， like how to just keep this going and how to just really keep yourself energized so you don't just burn out And last chapter chapter6 is lifestyle and that is just really making your life congruent to this new fucking you okay because if you're just doing this and your life is just the fucking same you're fuck you know you're just gonna make things so hard on yourself so it's like just getting rid of all bad influences。

Gettting wingmen， getting access to good places or good venues， if you will。

 to get your reference experiences and then managing fucking relationships because youre start getting so many results that if you don't manage them and compartmentalize them correctly you're also just gonna be fucked okay so it just goes into fucking detail。

 I mean I cover it all and it's really just logical step by step It's like do this do this do this this is the trap don't fall into that trap this how you stay motivated on a micro level but also on a macro level and it's just all fucking there okay I take your hand It's like just do this shit and then all you have to do is just follow those fucking steps till the day you die and。

Oh my fucking God， okay， like your life will change。By doing this， too， I mean。

 one of the main things you're gonna get out of it is just not wasting time。 You know。

 you just do it the right way from the start。 you don't take on bad habits。

 You don't have to waste time on wiring bad habits because that'll happen where you know this is no game。

 this is game。 guysy go the wrong direction and then they have to unwire all that shit or they start in the right direction and then they just dabble in the middle。

 know we call intermediate purgatory。And they'll stay there for fucking years， Okay， like， I mean。

 if you follow this instead of just， you know， taking three years to get this handled。

 it'll just take you fucking one， okay， like literally one year。Now， because this product。

 as I mentioned before， is a logical step by step process。

 I recommend that you watch it in that order。 Okay， don't skip ahead。 you know。

 you may watch the titles of the videos， you're like， oh， I just want to jump to that one。

 Don't do that。 Okay， watch it in the order in which it's intended to be watched and also realize that there are some parts where it's interactive or I'm going to ask you to post in the shift Facebook group。

 Okay， so if you're not part of that， be sure to join。 but this really is my masterpiece。 Okay。

 I mean， this is the shit that nobody talks about this is the shit you won't find anywhere else online。

 Okay， like how to learn how to implement all this。 and it's just really no fucking bullshit。 Okay。

 it's like it's the raw product， I mean， I always wanted to do where it's like， you know。

 if you're like an old man， you just sit down on the couch and just reveal again。

 the raw effective truth this is what it is。 I mean， this is shift I'll see you inside。

