# 01、朱利安《转变》：0.Bonuses：Infields：Infield 2 - NightGame At Hot L.A. Club【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So in this video here， you're gonna see me open a girl in the middle of the dance floor。 Okay。

 and this is one of those dance floors where it's just really hectic。 everyone's like just dancing。

 you know， bunched up together。 You can't really walk the musics like so loud you can't even hear yourself talk。

 there's like lights flashing everywhere。 And it's really one of those environments where if you look at it。

 you're like holy shit。 You how do I interact with a woman in this environment here。

 know is it even possible to hold a conversation。 You know， she's dancing。

 can I just interrupt her dancing。 Do I need to learn how to dance， know。

 like all these little questions pop in And you can learn， you know。

 and go up dancing if you want to， but it's not a requirements。

 I personally don't dance that much if I see a girl， even if she's on the dance floor。

 I'm just gonna walk up and talk to her as per normal。 if she was just at a bar just know just quiet。

 peaceful environment， I'm gonna go up like hey， I'm Julia nice to meet you you can do that on the dance floor。

 however， here's the dance floor rules。😊，You need to go in with the same intensity or a little bit more intense。

 Okay， it's not the energy。 You don't have to go in like matching or energy。

 And this is a mistake a lot of guys make where you see a girl say she's dancing with her friends。

 And she's like， really into it like high energy。 They're like， fuck。

 I need to go in with the same amount of energy。 And you're like， hey， and you don't have to。 Okay。

 it's about the intensity。 Now， what does that mean， Okay， let's just look at。Low energy。

 low intensity。 Okay， and this one here is the worst。 That's going up and being like。Hey， what's up？

How's it going。 and if you do that to a girl in the dance where you're done。 Okay。

 and it's not even you。 It's just like， she can't even she's like， what the fuck is this。 Okay。

 she most likely won't hear you。 And it's just a massive downer。 So don't do that。 You can， however。

 do low energy， high intensity， And what does that look like， Okay， Instead of being like， hey。

 what's up， Hey， what's up。It's low energy。 I'm not like， hey，'s up。 It's， hey。Nice to meet you。

 I I wanted to say hi。It's very grounded。 It's very solid。 There's a nice， strong， intensity。

Okay so that would work a girl's dancing， she's like， yeah， like really into it， a。Nice to meet you。

Bang， okay， now let's look at high energy， low intensity。 Okay， and that's really bad。 That's like。

 hey， what's up， How's it going。That's bad。 And high energy， high intensity。

 And this is what you would want to do。 is， hey， how's it going。 Oh， cool， good to meet you。

 There's that fucking intensity there。 That's what captivates the girl。 Okay。

 so you'll see me go into this girl。 And I'm like， you， I going fucking strong。 I'm not dancing。

 you and she'll get sucked into that as you're about to see。 Okay。

 and you'll see me talk to this girl for a bit。 And then after a while。

 and this is another rule with the dance floor。 is the girls will stop and talk to you。

But no one is going to want to spend like， you know，20。

30 minutes or an hour having a conversation in this hectic fucking environment。 Okay。

 so she'll stop maybe 2，3 minutes Max， sometimes 5。 Okay。

 but that's like the average length of a conversation or interaction， if you will。

 in this type of environment here。So you have to talk to her。 And once， you know。

 you you basically hook her。 She's like， oh my God， who's this guy。

 You got to lead her off the dancer。 Okay， You got to get her the fuck out of there。 It's like。

 you talk， here， what's up， Hey， come over here。 and you move her somewhere where you can actually get to work。

 Okay， And if she says， no， talk a little bit more， try again or get her phone number。

 but don't expect to have longest interactions in this type of environment。 Okay， so on that note。

 let's crack into it。 Okay， noticeicing it the intensity。

 It's not about the fucking energy and also notice how I just really bring her in without dancing。

🎼Use。sort okay。我的か。Let没 here。I other bathroom。那。🎼咱专意是也来。🎼在様で。You look kind very puff。

You look very rough， I appreciate that。后了也。Thank you。到了爷。あ个。🎼Maybe one you never say。23 I。

🎼Where are you from Texas。Oh my god， Dallas what you in。I'm never city there。

I've been there twice some， but。一合雪良。Why Ipress。🎼I you good that。🎼I do don film。Okay给觉个。

Don even the fire made。Come outside， come out two minutes， loud don't fucking embarrass me。

🎼okay so up until now， okay， basically， I just go in。 you I say a lot of bullshit。

 like have to go shower my owl or Katie， like Katie Perry。 just mean fucking around。

 But one thing to notice is the proximity。 in this interaction。

 when you're in a loud hectic environment like this， you have to get in close。

 the closer you are to the girl。 the stronger she experiences you if you will。

 Okay and in a dance for， the further you are apart。 there's so much fucking shit going on。

 there's all these distractions。 It's just very hard for to you know， get a feel for who you are。

 So on to dance floor。 Okay， get in fucking close。 It's also loud so she can actually hear what you say and don't get all paranoid like is it leaning in。

 It's like you don't have to do like this pecker lean in but just walk in close to her talk and then walk back it's like in out in out pressure on pressure off。

 as we discussed don't just stay in there like。😊，Talking to in her ear the entire time。Now。

 I do this for a little bit。 And then right after a while， what do I say， Hey， come， let's go。

 Don't embarrass me。 And I'm leading her somewhere where I can continue this interaction where it's not all loud and hectic。

 And I do this pretty fast。 You know， Guy always are looking like， oh。

 when's the perfect opportunity。 Does she really like me。 How can I logically tell her to。

 to go to this other area。 Whats what am I going to say， just on a high note， fun， fun， fun。 Hey。

 let's go， don't embarrass me。 And then I start walking。 And then you hear me also say like， oh。

 like that。 And this is just like a little habit I've developed。

 because every time you take her girl's hand， you start walking。 She immediately does this。😊。

Like scans the environment to see who's watching to see if she's being judged。 So I'm like， hey， O。

 get her attention back on me and lead her to the outside area。🎼To。🎼せ？🎼一切。🎼Yeah。So embarrassing。

 I have a sword。🎼I like it。That's what she said。I'm getting better at the data， as she said。🎼呀。

Anyways。I actually like it， I'm that bad。啊拜拜。🎼经常在外面。我 to看过没。Thank you。All。

 do you have brother the success or now。my child。But still my so girl。25。广告。我高粉。That like。你亮。

There we go。I don't judge。Nowbody twilight。I think it's like us。Wait， not the。I at my heart。

I I never been a girl or kissed a girl before。The headband nicely and more attain。

I story about I actually am new to this。I priceies saw my sister growing up。

I have a little experience。 that's it。That's right usually I' make go god to beautiful。I'm like。

 okay， this is the American way， are you ready？Okay。

 so here I'm about to crack into this little playful story about mocking， you know。

 like the stereotype of guys going up to talk to girls。 He's like， hey， what's up。

 So I'm about to launch in。😊，And then if you look， there's like Owen's head like Owen just swoops in behind her and picks her up。

 okay， and this was something we used to do a lot back in the day where you'd fucking around with each other and like just。

 you know， playfully steal each other's girls just for fun。

 Okay like just beginning of the night here It's just like we're just all fucking around and he swoops in。

😊，はい。No this to my friends is just slapping， slapping， iss my friend slapping。S him。 He's my friend。

 He's gay。 to meet you。 So like slap him。 slap him。 He's gay。 He's gay。 He's a dog。

 Look at his beard。😊，Okay， come back， ignore it， ignore his case， I actually fucked him。I do know。

 I do not。He， focus， focus。Hey。So fuck up。I'm doing my impression。Wait。

 I'll give a American kiss I'm from Europe originally。Every American just like shit。Okay。

 so here it's me again， like just really spiking it， fucking around。 Okay。

 I say a few obnoxious things。 and you don't have to say that。 Okay， and this is key。

 if you wouldn't watching this video， like you see this girl like know。

 she's having the time of her fucking life。 She's like giggling like crazy。

 Like no one's gonna make this girl laugh this much。 she's like， screaming shit。

 she's having the best experience like oh my God， ever。

 and the reason being is that I'm that engaged as well。 and for me to keep myself engaged。

 my humors pretty out there probably know， so I do say some obnoxious things just because I find that funny and it keeps it captivating。

 but you don't have to， you need to ask yourself， what can you say or do that you personally find captivating。

 some guys are just like， hey， what's up， how's it going。

 And that's like engaging enough They're like， hey， what's up， How's it going。

 I'll spike it a little bit。 So I do this。 And then I go in for the kiss。 and you'll develop a feel。

 just like pretty much when you can。😊，it。 So it's like， she's all laughing and I'm like kiss。 Now。

 if I see her tenset up where be' like， I'm not gonna do it。

 But here she's like goes in and right before。 And I love doing this。

 it just like take a pause and it shows you're not like needing this little kiss。 She leans in。

 And I'm like actually don't give a shitty American kiss。 So it's like this push。 And she's like。

 oh my God， what pull back in her mind， she's what the fuck who this guy of just doesn't jump in for the kiss。

 And here I take a little break。 And that I' going for the kiss after。😊，G a real case。🎼I was shit。

I hate you，Okay， forget。Hey。ハのビ。Or why are you inside me right know？I。Yeah。It's just a dream。

 nothing happened here， especially my fake bo。All pathetic get groups dead in， kill yourself。

 puck out here my girlfriend has better news in you That's okay I' have kids。Okay， imagine， okay。

 Ill consider see my skate， I'm from America， America。

And I'm walking down the street and I see you I'm like， oh my God， hi， my name is Johnny， how。

 my name's Phil， my name's Phil。Hey girl， what's your name？What to， where are you from。

 where do you live， can I buy your rose and take out to dinner？And then it's like this， it's like。哦。

It's like the hovering hand of doom， like， yeah， she's with me， she in something like this。在 she me。

That was the worst like， oh my God， never laughed， never fight you're like。Do it again， do it again。

 like an old man dying in a microphone， do it， do it， do it， do it。You lost all， okay。

 this is my attraction for you， dying right now。You just don't have a fucking does dead beat or white trash horn。

A dead B Y trash， that's all you are。So again， just to stress this。

 You don't have to say things this obnoxious。 Okay。

 this is me really just gaming myself fucking around and in her mind， too， She's really like。

 who are the fuck this guy， Okay， especially to that little ski about mocking the stereotypical way guysys go about approaching women like。

 hey， what's up， I'm Bill， It just really shows the contrast in of mind， like。

 that is almost guys do it。 Oh my God， who are the fuck this guy， you know。

 going up and like same these obnoxious things and just making me laugh。 like who the fuck is this。

So I thinking you trying out like a fucking。Lizard。就。Yeah。I love you， even with the lizard here。Myギ。

I know。I'm na。Hey。Sotop fucking putting your little teeth out like a dog。

 think I'm a dog girl treating like a dog shit。Fcus， no， hey。No， that's shit。You can know who I am。

begged to lick the shit off my deck？Now， this year， okay， this is。My buddy， Derek， has this story。

When he talks about basically， if you have value， girls will do anything for you。 Okay。

 and his analogy is if you if you're a caveman， let's just say and you kill a lion and you bring it back to the tribe。

 everyone's be like， oh my God， like this is the main guy。 you have value， basically， And he says。

 you know， you could bring the fucking lion back。 You could butt fuck the lion。

 and every girl's going line up to suck the lion shit off your dick because you have value。Now。

 I heard that story and I was like， this is awesome。 And here I'm just really in the zone flowing。

 And I'm like， you know what， I should tell her the story。 And I'm like。

 you should beg to lick the shit off my dick。 You know。

 and it's kind of like even assuming she knows the story。 she's like， what？

 And I've proceed to explain it to her。😊， you sound like a inside that knew a scene way。

Pucking raed a lion。Okay， question my analogy is's basically like my view of it is like， hey。

 imagine you're back in time it's like pavement， okay？😊，And you never saw a line before。

And some lion of types of tribe， the tribe， and everyone's like crying and dying。

And yet oh hear am I and I run out and I fucking tackle that line and we've never seen a line before it's like a scary cat so its like fucking tackle him it's like fucking rip his and neck off The once he's dead I fucking claw fuck him。

Okay， I choke fucking。Okay， now even though I fuck him， every girl on the tribe is like， oh my God。

 that guy is the alpha guy， even though Im fucking shit on my deckck and they will suck it off one at a time。

Because I'm that guy my god so this is me in Hollywood no I don a shell my day。I think。C you。

All right。So way， do you live here？I just switch out。 So anyway do you live here， Okay。

 and this is pretty key to。 Don't be all parandooid about the logical progression of an interaction。

 Okay， just be all over the place。 be 80。 be like， oh， yes， the lion， Oh， where do you live， Oh。

 what about this， just like everywhere。 That's what makes it interesting。

 It's like bursts of different topics， bursts of different emotions of different environments。

 you know， moving her around and the more random， the better。 you know。

 that's you could actually just spike up in interactions。 It's like wets's too boring。

 Just ask a question that's like out of left field。 like， oh yeah， So anyway。

 what do you be for breakfast， Just out of the boot and goes to be like。

 what you know so you can fuck around at that。😊，No， I live for。具大て。Wai， why did you move here？

I think like。Okaying。Have a copy of me。Bang， and what do I do here。

 there's basically a shift in the interaction。 Okay， and this is very important。 So this girl here。

 it's in the beginning of the night。 that's still too early。

 she's not ready right now to have like this long interaction or say。

 leave the venue with me and making something happen。 She still wants to dance some more。

 And this comes down to social intuition。 What is the girl's goal， right now。

 she went out to a fucking club。 She's at a table on the dance or， she's with all fucking friends。

 She wants to dance。 She wants to have fun。 She wants to experience the night。 And at the end。

 see someone to you know， go home with or not。 know it really depends。 So here I brought her outside。

 and she'll talk to me here for a bit。 But after while， she's gonna go back to a table。

 And I know that。 So in the first part of the interaction， if you will。 I'm gonna fuck around。

 Like up until now to me just really fucking around。 There's no seriousness。 It's you know。

 like spiking emotions picking her up making her laugh， making out saying some obnoxious things。

 just really。Connecting with the girl like here， it's clear that we both like each other。

 It's clear that we have chemistry。 it's clear that it's on。Now， from there， logically。

 you have to think， okay， it's on。I don't want to just keep doing this。 You know。

 nothing will really happen。 How can I move this forward towards making it happen。 Okay。

 and because it's early， she's， you know， most likely not going to leave the fucking club with me。

 I opt for the number。 Okay， and you'll see again， a shift in the vibe here。

 where I actually sew it down a bit。 I'm like， anyway， Where do you live， Oh， cool。

 What do you do already。 You know what， Have coffee with me。 It's like， look， we got along。

 Let's have coffee。 And I kind of ground myself to being a real person who she can see herself。

 you know， going for coffee with。 instead of just this fun， fucking around emotion in the club。

 And this is， you know why a lot of guys actually have flakes。 They go out there like fun。

 fun fun in the girl loves it。😊，But here， you know， if I text her and I don't do anything else。

 I just get her number now。She's she doesn't have， you know， I'm more of just this funny emotion。

 I'm not an actual human being or person， if you will。Next to you Roll， Chagas。干么啊？Are you great。

 what are you just saying that？It transition from like。My main cats to this。But that seriously。

I don't。They're just illustrating my point so yout be able buy another pair of shoes。

That I'm serious， okay。If you don't want to just say no， but that would actually be cool to you。

 I think we're too similar to we're just like。喂， where' you find。S out。I don't believe in science。

 but Heos Scpios are like very shy， innocent， nice。😊，you're like， oh by the way。

 I' break the cat and shut this suck out because I'm totally going're to make out through now。

I try to， but you don't kiss very well。There no kissing， we do。

You're the most amazing kiss Im ever kissing Oh it's not you make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world。

I was born this way。Oh。and Lady Gaga in the I'm amazing wait， look around。

I want to be the guy in the corner。パて知。What you marry name。All right。

 well I'll be in Vegas in two weeks， maybe be there。I'm in New York， Chicago and then New York。

I love Chicago， I family in Chicago。发菜。Come what come two weeks Chicago I can't I'm Chicago to What do you forctor？

What can mention， baby animals。I I'm a motivational speaker as well I' there。So， so it turns out。

 again， this girl is a porn star。 Shes like， oh Ive got the A VN awards。

 And she actually even mentioned it earlier in the interaction。 She's like， I do adult films。

 but it still didn't register in my mind。 And she's like， you know， like A V N adult， you know。

 And I'm like， oh， I'm a public speaker。 I'm a motivational speaker as well。 So that's why I'm there。

 Okay， doesn't even make sense。 but it doesn't matter。 Okay， remember。

 girls are way more focused on the emotions than the superficial verbal layer。😊，But anyways。

 are you serious about coffee tomorrow？我s差你。Now， this is pretty key， too。

 noticeice how I keep asking you， Are you serious about coffee。

 Are you sure are you just saying that， What's my name， Okay。

 I really want her to commit and invest to hanging out with me。 So I want to say multiple times。 Yes。

 I'm serious。 Yes， for're doing coffee。 Julian。 your name is Julian。

 so she remembers when I text her。First said it was car。Iue my name is Kate。

 I remember your number if it's faith。I don't rank song remember。I don't drink。🎼诶。I suggest coffee。

 I don't want to see you。And here， O， you can also see like the qualification side。 The girl's like。

 you don't even want it。 You know， she wants to make sure， like， hey。

 do you really want to hang out with me as well， you know， or you just discouragegu just like fun。

 So it's like， you don't even want it。 And I'm like， listen， no。

 I'm the one who suggested to hang out。 I like you。 I w to see you。 Okay， she has know you want to。

 And she has to feel special about it。😊，All right，817，9。第二个。Okay， away。Well。

 I'll text you my name right now。Yeah。I know 817501。4 will fake groups。Okay。

 so'll move to I want three last， I was want， no no，🎼How about guess， I was on it。あはは。Yeah。Oh。Yeah。

 oh my god。Okay， I think。That's okay， I think I've deleted one wait， 817，901。You added a three。

 I don't know where that came from。And your name was I remember faces I had suck with things。KATTE。

Ie。That's the last think。Oh， my god。I'll text you away right now now I'm actually serious you if you can tomorrow。

Either a coffee or。I planned tomorrow night， but early evening race。When area do you live in？Near。

I still the friend once there。When I first moved here， I was homeless。Like two weeks。But。No。

 actually， I live now next to Roville， but I come to。We alsoの起go。Call me， say it， say。

 I will call you say call me。 I won't And I go really all out。 I mean， like， say， call me。

 She's like， call me。 what's my name， Julian， are you sure you want to， Yes。

 we're meeting at Chigos next to Roosevelt。 iss like， I just， again。

 the whole second half the interactions me just repeating the shit。😊。

Just over and over and over again， it's like we are hanging out， I'm a human being。

 I'm not just this funny emotion， okay， you have to make it clear。Tomy。Convincingly， tell me。

 I love you。WYou don say that to me。I already text you all my number right swear don't fucking and drink too much because you're going to be hung over and puffed up tomorrow。

I'm not but mom you make my friend really mad because like stop it， I'm an asshole。Okay。

 no seriously。Kty。How do you say Katy， kddy？可以的。Oh my god， you did seriously I already say Kate。

That8。Until tomorrow。We girlfriend。y girlfriend。It's better to you。This little bag is like， oh。

 does address each other all night。Oh my God， that feels so good， Katie， Taty。Oh， wow。

I feel like I'm a mayro。I'm surprised you saw him maybe。I love that I qua。No， actually。

 I cry but in a very manly way to during pick。おま。はない。To laugh， oh my good。The laugh of doom。The last。

Do the end。Oh my god， oh my god。Like a dog， you like a dog dog， wait。

My best friends that I have an evil wle。You sound like。大概。I was sound point， no。

 you sound like God jacking off。I don't know。Oh， you cut as you cut， you smoke because that coffee。

I gotAnd then I'm like。我个。什么都交的啊。So her friend comes in right now Ca huge dude。

 Maybe her pimp or manager who the fuck knows。 Now， what happens here is most guys would see this。

 And they're like， oh my God， you know， a guy's coming in， season my girl You know。

 they call like amog， It's likemo get。 you know， it's like get rid of him and they'll be all like reactive。

 Like， they'll jump in like， oh， excuse me。 hi， okay。

 and the key is whenever you deal with a guy who knows the girl who who doesn't。

 always just remain grounded。 Okay， don't be all reactive in an offensive way and don't be all reactive in a defensive way。

 It's just like， super chill。 all at ease。 Okay， now， obviously here。She knows the guy。 Okay。

 if she doesn't， you know， I'd usually just probably just stand still for like a couple seconds and then be like。

 come and lead her somewhere else。 But here she knows him。 And whenever girl knows the guy。

 you can't just dis him or just， you know， like， obviously in front of him， be like。

 fuck you and like， go at it， go at it or yank away。 either just ignore him。

 stay out of his way a bit or try to befriend him。 So here I'm just like， you know what。

 see how it goes。 and you'll just see me kind of just stand there， just casually。 all good。

🎼I think you like you。谢し。Saing an examine your gay for。

So here I tell her like because he obviously wants her back Id tell her like， oh。

 just tell him I'm your your friend who takes you shopping。 just home two minutes。 Okay。

 that'll sometimes buy you time。 And actually， this is key。

 If you're talking to a girl and her guy friends come in and they don't like you。 And they're like。

 you gotta go。 Always just say this。 No， no， Can I just say goodbye Two minutes。

 And most of the time they'll let you cause like， well， he is saying goodbye。

 He's leaving But then you have two minutes than you can subtly just get the number。

 here already have it。 But you know， I'd rather stop two more minutes just to really consolidate some more。

O，来走。Still tomorrow， yes， girlfriend， wife。Ohly， that's like Swedish darling。

 Yes is I love you in Swed。です。What is he saying I。I actually do。 I think like， okay。

 in front of stamp， I would like to L bored like them。I don't like meal， I don't like meal。

I know what that means， but。真好。他美飞。So literally till the end。 Call me， sayy it。 Okay。

 like I really hammer it。 And， and， you know， that's。

 that's pretty much like a first part of the night interaction。 Okay， it's like you go out。

 You fuck around。 And this is how I do it It's like I fuck around first half of the interaction。

 Make sure we get along， Okay， and then make this the switch。 It's like， hey， When we hanging out。

 How can we make this happen。 Where do you live， What are you doing， Co， Let's get， you know。

 give me your number。 Do you remember my name。 Sa call me， say call me。

 I'll still mix in some fun as you saw， it's like， call me。 I love you。 Call me。

 you're like me and girls。 Call me， do， It's like， mix， and really hammer it in。 And then。😊。

That's it。 Okay， And this girl now is going to remember me。

 I'm not gonna be like some random fun dude in the club。 It's like， I'm actually human。

 She said many times， yes， I want to hang out。 It wasn't just me saying also like hang out with me。

 I'm like， you don't have to if you don't want to。 Okay I create that opportunity for her to invest。

 And G times。😊。