# 01、朱利安《转变》：04.转向增长：14.分析你的参考【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， for your reference experiences to have value， it's important that you take the time to break them down the right way。

 Okay， to get the right lessons from them。 Otherwise， you know， for the most part。

 you're just gonna be getting empty reference experiences。 Okay。

 and this here is key for you to get the max amount of value from your references。

 You have to break them down。 So many guys skip this。 You know。

 they think that just going out is enough。 You know， they're like， hey， I'm taking right action。

 You know， I'm jumping in。 I'm going against my emotions。You know。

 I should be getting better and you know you make it a little bit better。

 but your progress is gonna be very， very slow and most likely you're just gonna be spinning your wheels while out。

 okay why because as we discussed before， know human beads are creatures of habit and most likely you'll take action and you'll get used to doing something a certain way。

 even if it doesn't really work and you're just gonna get attached to that。

 like that's gonna to be your comfort zone and you're just gonna be doing the same things。

 fucking over and over and over again。 and you'll see this。 know， you'll see guys go out for a year。

 two years and they go out a lot， but they're not fucking progressing because they don't break down their references。

 so you have to do this， you have to sit down and really reflect on it。

 Okay and don't view it as a fucking waste of time either reflecting on you know your references is equally as important as you know taking action and getting them in the first place。

 you have to gather up the past if you will and invested in the future now。

There's a time and place to do this。 And that is directly after going out。 Okay。

 directly after every single time you go out and interact with women， not during。 okay。

 and this is key， do not do this while you're out or you won't be getting the max value from being out。

 and this is a mistake， a lot of guys make where they interact with a woman。

 the interaction ends And right after， while they're still out， they start breaking it down。 Okay。

 either go back to their friends and they break it with their friends。 or if they're by themselves。

 you know， they just break it down in their head， They're like， okay， so what exactly happened here。

 Okay， I guess I did that right， Oh， I fuck that up there And I guess I could have done that。

 and what if this happen， what could I do then， and they get very。

 very logical And this here prevents them from getting into a nice flow state。 Okay。

 the number one rule， while you're out is do not talk about game。 Okay， if you have friends。

 number one rule， do not talk about game， keep things light， keep things fun。 Okay， in between。

Every fucking interaction。 You're breaking it down。 What are you doing， You're judging yourself。

 You're like， what did I do right， What did I not do right， You're getting very logical， Okay。

 you're not keeping things lighthearted， just very， very social。 know。

 that's know how you should be when out。 It's like judgment free light， fun。

 present to the moment outside of your head， not in your head and doing this will just fuck you up。

 Okay， so no game talk while out you do this as soon as you get home。 while you're out， it's fun。

 fun fun， fun， fun time and place and win home， it's okay。

 let's sit down and let's break down everything that fucking happened。 Okay。

 and do this as soon as you get home。 if you go home late one night， don't be like。

 I'll just do it tomorrow morning， do it while it's fucking fresh in your mind。 Okay。

 and write it down too。 It forces you to be precise。 You have to sit down。

Reflect on the night and write down in detail every little thing that happened and be realistic when doing this。

 Okay， you're simply documenting what happened。 Don't let your ego get in the way。 Just be like。

 okay， very realistically， very objectively。 what happened and just start writing it down。 Okay。

 everything you fucking remember now that also means you have to remember it。

 Okay so here's some extra leverage not to drink。 guys who go out and they drink you know。

 not only do they become dependent on the drinks to have access to all that progress that they made。

 but they also forget all the references。 their whole night is one big blur。 They're like， oh。

 would now， it was fun， but I don't really remember all the details。 know。

 you should remember everything。 You should remember every interaction you had。

 you should remember the details of the girl。 You should remember the color ever fucking dress everything Okay so don't drink and sober to realize that you will have to desensitize yourself to going out。

 if you're new you may be emotionally overwhelmed。 You're like， oh my God。 and then your mind。

can't remember everything either。 but you have to train yourself。 Okay with time。

 get desensitized being overwhelmed。 Don't drink and remember fucking everything。

 and make the most out of every single reference experience as well。

 Okay even the ones where you don't think much happened or there's not that much to learn from remember that every reference is packed with value。

 there's always something to learn from as long as you know what to look for Okay。

 even if you're just standing still for five minutes， you should be taking lessons out of that。

 I'll ask my clients sometimes if I take them out， and I stand still for five minutes。 I'm like。

 okay， what did you learn during these five minutes。 And a lot of them are like， well， nothing。

 you know， you were just standing still， because they're just looking at the superficial layer。

 They're looking at， what did he say， what did he do， what was that line。 Oh。

 what girl did he talk to there and they're not looking at the deeper layer as well。 look at both。

 look at the superficial， look at the deeper layer。 if I'm standing still。

 you should get a feel for the。that I'm putting off。

 know it's like the emotions that I'm feeling how people are reacting to me。

 even just standing still， you know， the energetic frequency， if you will， that I'm in。 Okay。

 really milk those fucking references， even with the one you're standing still on a superficial layer。

 you could also ask yourself， why are you standing still。

 if you're just like in the corner of bar like my God， my God you're just doing nothing。

 ask yourself why， what's preventing you from taking action。

 there is always something to take out of them， So to help you with this。

 some of the things you should be aware of when breaking down your reference experiences are yourself。

 Okay always ask yourself， what did I do exactly， and why did I do it Okay。

 always find out the why because a lot of the things you do while out。

 because you're not breaking down your references， you're just kind of in the flow。

 a lot of the things are just out of habit。 you just do them because you do them so an example I'd love to use to illustrate this is a client I had in Vancouver。

 Canada。 was the end of the night。We were outside a bar and this girl walked out and she was walking home。

 Okay， so he says hi to her。 they start talking's going amazingly well。 You know， she's loving him。

 they chat for like two three minutes and her friends come out。 Okay。

 and there's a girl and a guy and they're all leaving together。 Okay so the girl and the guy。

 they kind of hang on the sidelines。 he just keeps talking to his girl。 And then after a while。

 they're like， okay， we're going。😊，And she turns him She's like， hey， I'm sorry。

 I have to leave with my friends。 And， you know， instead of say going with her。 He's like， no， no。

 no， stay with me， stay with me， Stay with me。 Okay， so he's kind of going against， you know。

 her goal and against the flow of things。 So she's like， oh， okay， I'll stay for a little bit。

 They chat two minutes more。 And then her friends's like， hey， we really gotta go。 And she's like。

 listen to have to go。 And he's like， oh， and he' like， walks with her a bit。

 And then because he realizes she's leaving。 He just tries to kiss her。 And she's like， no。

 it's too soon。 have a great night。😊，Okay， so that's what he did。 Now， ask him about him like。

 why did you do all that。 Okay， first of all， when you're talking to the girl and the friends come in。

 why don't you say hi to the friends， He's like， oh， I don't know。

 I was just talking to her because I was talking to her。 so now you realize thiss shit。

 I could have said hi to the friends。 befriend them all So they're all on my side and maybe they can invite me to go with them。

 Secondly， once the friends are leaving and she has to leave with the friends and she's going home。

 why are you trying to prevent her from going home。 You know。

 it's like she's already going somewhere where you could， you know。

 potentially make something happen， why are you not just walking with them。 He was like， oh， shit。

 I guess you're right。 And then thirdly， once he realizes that she's not going to stay there with him。

 Why doesn't he just ask for a fucking number instead of trying to kiss her。😡，You know， in his mind。

 it's like， well， all or nothing。 It's like， no， why is he not playing it smart for the number。 Okay。

 so those are three things。 You're like， oh， shit， I didn't realize I did that。 You know。

 he was just acting in the moment。 So you always have to find out the fucking why， Okay。

 what did I do， Why did I do it And also ask yourself。😡，What didn't I do and why didn't I do that。

 Okay， find out the wise of action and inaction？ And another one is how did I feel。

 You know what emotional energy was I putting out and why You should also be aware of the other person know the girl you're interacting with。

 ask yourself， what did she do and what didn't she do and why， what did she feel。

 what was she feeling in the moment， how was I emotionally affecting her。

 people will tend to feel what you feel， know， if you're going in stress， that's gonna transfer her。

 So it's like， okay， what emotions you know， is I just projecting onto her。

 what was she experiencing by being around me What was her goal， that's a big one。

 It's like if she's out， What's her goal， Does she just want to have fun I she open。

 know to meet new people， is she having a serious conversation Is she walking from one place of the venue to the other。

 know what's goal What her situation， and what type of conversation。

StWould she be open to having at the time。 Another one is social cues。 Okay。

 ask yourself how receptive was she to， you know you approaching her and interacting with her。

 you can usually tell by her eyes in her tonality， if she has what we call the Bamy eyes。

 Like her eyes are like you know， pupils dilated Her voices going up at the end。

 she's speaking in a trying for rapport type of tonality， she's very engaged， she's very receptive。

 Okay， there's a difference between if you go up and you're like， he's it going， and she's like。

 pretty good versus pretty good， Oh really， she's like just really into it。

 you can sense she's very receptive to you know， what's happening ask yourself， you know。

 is she reciprocating。 for example， if you squeeze her hand。

 Does she squeeze back Does she do nothing， Does she pull away。 if you stop talking。

 know just stop talking， Does she pick up where you left off。

 she keep the conversation going ask yourself， what is she receptive to。

Do her eyes light up when you're being nicer or when you're being more of a dick， for example， Okay。

 different girls respond to different things。 Does she like it more when she's chasing for your attention or when you're giving her your full attention。

 Are you in a phase of the interaction or you have to talk more and express who you are more or do you have to be quiet and let her qualify yourself and chase you a bit？

 Does she have more of a cocky type of personality and you have to knock her off you know that pedestal she thinks she's on or she more shy and do you have to compliment her So she feels more at ease talking to you。

 be aware of all those things there and ask yourself too。

 how comfortable was she was I putting pressure on her or was I taking pressure off of her this is a dynamic you have to understand with everything you do you're either putting pressure on the girl or you're taking pressure off of the girl so what is putting pressure on the girl know laser eye contact If you look at a girl in the eyes know。

 tension is building you're putting pressure。On herIf you're facing her。

 you're putting pressure on her， if you're leaning in close， you're putting pressure on her。

 if you're being physical， you're putting pressure on her， if you're you know doing a little push。

 like， no， I hate you， like playfully， you're putting pressure on her。Okay。

 taking pressure off of her is doing the opposite。 It's like leaning back。 Okay， looking away。

 turning your body away。 you know， saying I love you， like， no， no， no， I love you， You know。

 bringing her in， not being physical， putting your hands behind your back。 Okay， pressure on。

 pressure off。 and all throughout the interaction。 It really is like a， you know。

 balancing act where you go in。😊，And， you know， you're probably going to put some pressure on at first。

 But you need to know what the girl is feeling and like， okay。

 is she receptive to this much much pressure or if she's starting to tense up。

 And if she's tensing up， you better take pressure off。 Okay so I'm always asking myself。

 what am I doing， Am I putting too much pressure。 And how is she feeling in relation to that pressure。

 and signs of too much pressure。 you know or tense eyes。 if her eyes were like like kind of tense。

 she's not really feeling that at ease。 It's like it's way too much， way too soon。

 So take a step back。 if you hear a nervous laugh like yeah， that's too much pressure。

 if she's taking steps back， that's too much pressure。 If she's asking you， you're crazy。

 are you drunk， are you on drugs， What did you do， thats signs of too much pressure。

 you need to slow it down。 Now， if you slow it down too much， you take too much pressure off。

 what are signs of bat， she's bored。 she's uninterested， she starts looking away， She's you know。

 she's not as engaged， she's not that receptive。Then you have to put more pressure on but be aware of that dynamic。

 you have to get a feel for it notice to， you know， just in terms of how you feel。

 you can put pressure on by how you feel。 know if you feel a certain way。

 you'll see her react a certain way if you feel a different way。

 she'll react a different way You're like be aware of how your emotions are affecting her be aware too of if you talk say about one topic for too long after a while。

 she'll be disinterested， you're like， oh if I talk about it for this long she's disinterested。

 now that's time to switch and you get a feel for just all the dynamics at play and the last thing to be aware of is her peer group situation and her social image ask yourself is she the leader of her group and if not who is what will her friends think of her what will her friends think of her talking to you。

 what will her friends think of her she's like making out with you will they be okay with it。

 will they not does she even care some girls just don't some girls are very sensitive to that will her social image。

Increase or decrease by hanging out with you。 be aware of all those dynamics there as well。 Okay。

 and break down your references， but also break down other people's references。 Okay。

 you won't get as much value from them because they're not your own， but they're still value to take。

 Okay， if you have friends who you go out with And you see them talking to women， Also break it down。

 be like， okay， what is he saying， What is he doing， What is she doing， How is he feeling。

 What is you know， what is she feeling in relation。What's the peer group situation。

 What are the social cues is he putting pressure on or off and learn from that as well。

 If you see someone being successful， you know， doing well， look at what he's doing。 Okay。

 get the lessons there and do more of that。 If you see someone fucking up， know。

 you may even go out with some of your friends and they're fucking up。 learn from their mistakes。

 look at what they do and don't do what they do。 look at their excuses， their beliefs。

 You know what goes through their mind， what blocks them。

 be aware of that and just stay away from that。 Okay。

 you learn from everything in everyone that's around you。

 There's no such thing as a useless reference experience。 Okay every single reference。

 good and bad can be converted into value if you're clever enough。and as I mentioned before。

 you learn just as much from both Okay， but really learn how to milk your fucking references。

 Si down。 Okay， and don't just glance over them。' like， yeah， talk to this girl。 and this happened。

 F dissect them。 Okay， take them seriously。 I like to compare this to free YouTube videos。

 if you go online， you'll find like free YouTube videos。

 And let's just say I put out a 10 minute video。 a lot of people just watch it。

 And because it's free， they don't really take it that seriously。

 they'll just play through it and get a few concepts like oh， that was interesting， know。

 they just glance over it。 They don't sit down and take it seriously and dissect it。

 now imagine if that same video instead of being free was like 100。

 you wouldn't be taking it that lightly。 if you paid 100 for that $10 minute video。

 you' would be sitting down and rewatching it rewatching it and taking every little fucking ounce of value out of it。

 I want you to do that with your references here。 Si down and fucking take that shit seriously。

 Any little fucking detail。Write it down。 And this will help with motivation as well。

 because once you understand that no matter what happens， you know。

 no matter what fucking reference experience you get， you get value from it。

 you're pretty much unstoppable。 you're not gonna be avoiding certain experiences because you can always break them down and you can always fucking learn from them Now to do this too。

 you do need to start looking up content。 now don't use this as an excuse not to go out you still have to go out。

 you have to jump in， take action， there is no avoiding that。

 content and theory just by itself is worthless。 but once you start taking fucking action。

 in order for you to know how to properly break down your own reference experiences。

 And in order for you to know which lessons to take from them。

 you do need to know and understand the theory。 you still need the manual， but after the fact。

 So start looking up content。 start learning the language of the game you can't play the game if you don't know the fucking language。

 spend a couple hours a day learning even though it's annoying， even though it may feel。

Like homework， you do need to know the theory。 Okay if you're just going out and even if you sit down after going out。

 you're like， okay， well， what exactly happened， you won't even know what to fucking look for without understanding you the game。

 content， the game theory you need to go get that external knowledge。

 and then you need to process it internally and the more contents you process。

 the more you're gonna be able to fill in the blanks。

 the more you're gonna to be able to understand different paradoxes， different nuanced truths。

 know you're basically can understand you know pick up or game as a whole， but you have to do this。

 Otherwise you're just a motivated action takingking idiots。Now， in terms of content digestion。

 don't get overwhelmed。 Okay， what I always say is rationing your supply of information in the most naturalistic way possible。

 Okay， now， what does that mean， A lot of guys fall into the trap of going the seminar junky route。

 they understand that they have to take action。 and content without action is useless。

 But what they do is they're like， okay， I'll get a few references。

 and then I'm gonna to watch all this fucking theory to break down those references。

 and what happens is that they have， you know， this many references。

 and they watch this much content。 Okay， and they don't have enough references to understand all the content and they get overwhelmed。

 they get confused。 as I mentioned before， there's all these paradoxes。

 there's these nuances that they just can interpret and and they fuck up so always try to balance it out。

 So it's even。 you get a little bit of references， you watch a little bit of content。

 a little bit more a little bit more content So on and so forth。Now， some guys， okay。

 some guys can compartmentalize it all。 So， for example， you can go out a little bit。

 watch a ton and be able to not get overwhelmed。 but I mean， it just depends on who you are。 Okay。

 if you're able to compartmentalize all the content by all means watch content。

 but still fucking go out and otherwise， again， just ratiosh in the supply ration the fucking supply of information。

 don't get overwhelmed and really find a balance。 content， as I said before。

 and I can't stress this enough。 content without action is useless。

 content without references is useless and references without content is useless as well。

 I would say prioritize looking at material that you can link to your own references。 Okay， I mean。

 that there's the best way not to fall into that trap of being overwhelmed in being a seminar junkie。

 every time you go out， you get some references only watch material that's related to those references。

 watch content that you can link to those references and nothing more that's the best way to just ration。

Information that you're taking in Okay， so for example， say you go out。

 you talk to a girl and it's not that sexual。 You know， it's very friendly。 And at the end。

 she's like， you know what， you would make a great friend。

 Let's just be friends Okay say that happens。 So you can be like shit。 Okay， you go home。

 you have a reference that you can break down。 So you know that you fucked up by being， you know。

 let's just be friended。 So look up content on being more man to women on how to sexualize your interaction on how to be clear in your intentions So the girl knows that you're not there to be your friend。

 Okay， you watch tons of content there。 And then you just link it to your own reference experience。

so that there' is an example of something you didn't do。

 So you watch material and how to do it and then also watch content on you know。

 references where you did it， you know， you did it right。 So for example， you go out。

 you get a girl's number， you get a number， you're like fuck yeah。

 watch content on getting a girls' number to reinforce what you did right and this is key。

 every time you go out link it to content And every time you watch content。

 think of all your reference experiences that you can link that content to every time you make that linkage。

 if you will， it really strengthens the reference experience， your understanding of game。

 it really cements that shit in your fucking mind and really force yourself to do this too I know it's annoying。

 you have to sit down， take time out of your day， write it all out。

 it also takes away from some of the fun that you had while you were out you're interacting with all these women having fun now you have to sit down and break down that fun。

 it's a very serious analysis。 but it is crucial that you do。

This okay every single time you go out Now， to hold you accountable。

 what I want you to do is every time you go out， interact with women and directly after that。

 you break it down。 I want you to post that breakdown in the Facebook group And to make this sustainable the minimum you're required to do is every time you go out。

 I want you to write down three interactions that you had。

 three reference experiences and three lessons that you learned that are linked to those reference experiences。

 Okay， it's not much three interactions， three lessons， every time you go out。 Okay， now， ideally。

 you should have a lot more than three。 but this is just very easy to do。 you know。

 it doesn't require that much time and it's sustainable。 Okay， you start doing this And from there。

 you start know adding more to the workload， but do this every time you go out。

 by doing this as well。It'll show you what you have to work on on a micro level。

 but also on a macro level okay so on a micro level。

 you write down your three lessons and you're like， oh， shit， you have to be more man to women。

 for example， know， I should ask for the number， maybe you forgot to ask for the number。

 I should take more action， I kind of spend too much time scanning around the environment。

 those can be three lessons， for example， So you know that the next time you go out。

 you're gonna work on those three lessons there。 That's on a micro level。 on a macro level。

 what you do is you take a larger period of time。 let's just say two weeks， for example。

 and you look at all the lessons that you learned during those two weeks。

 Okay and what you're gonna notice is one lesson is going to recur more than the rest。

 it's gonna to pop out a lot more。 for example， let's just say being more man to woman you know sexualizing your interactions。

 you'll have that on multiple nights。 now， once you isolate that lesson。 you're like， okay。

 that's the main one。 that's your big sticking point。The big thing you're gonna have to work on。

 look up all the material content that has to do with that。 F it。 Okay， then it'll go away。

 Then you just keep going out。 you write down your three lessons every time， work on the micros。

 And then you take another large period of time。 You look at the next lesson that kind of popped out more than the rest。

 That's your new sticking point， work on that， so on and so forth。 Okay， so by doing this。

 you know exactly what， you know， major areas you need to work on。

 what concepts you need to look up in the material。

 you can kind of recognize the patterns and just keep progressing a lot faster on your own。

