# 01、朱利安《转变》：0.Bonuses：Bonus - Derek & Julien Interview【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is Julian from Real Social Dnamics and I'm here with Derek。

 this is a guy who's been in the game for over 12 years now， he was featured on my last product Pimp。

 we talked about advanced gaming like he's a guy who's you know known for going out and just really getting the hottest girls in the hottest places like Playboy mansion。

 you know celebs models， playmates， he's been just going out this really really hard and in this。

You know， video here， I thought we'd kind of go into， you know， his journey learning this， you know。

 he wasn't always necessarily a guy， you know was traveling around the world， you know。

 picking up girls left and right， just kind of dive into you know how he went about this。

 what made him so good when so many other guys failed。So I guess to start with， you know。

 like what is game to you， how do you view it， you know， and Ill you just take it from there。

Cool cool， yeah， itll be。Happy to be invited back for your new product and happy to talk with the guys。

You know I kind of have a different perspective than I think a lot of people do about like game and pickup。

This seduction community， I think that。I think some of it just so silly that know it became like。

Like look like over a decade ago， like back when the book was written in the game。

 it's like a bunch of fucking weird nerds it like people that are like。

Like gamer creeps or something like hardcore gamer inerds that with very pale skin and odd hats and other trinketries andh。

Somehow these ideas of like you know peacocking and the Neg and you were there for all that too right。

 yeah project Hollywood itself shame shamefully yes。

 I'm ashamed to say that I was there and An partook for a good year and a half。Yeah。

 I literally was saying an out project Hollywood while the author of the game was writing it on the couch。

是啊。I just think differently about it when people talk about game。

 I think like what pickup is or meeting a woman is is really more about your ambition as a man and your understanding of female psychology and your understanding of your own psychology。

 just like self-awareness in general。And it almost sounds。you know too soft or kind of lame。

 but more than thinking about like you know man my pmpan strong man I'm going to go game up some hose。

 I really think that it's really more about empathy that it's understanding like a woman's life situation and being self-ware of your own life situation and understanding the things you want in life and the things you don't want and。

You know， screening through to find a good match to find somebody that'sre compatible with your wants and needs and you know who you just can enjoy your life with。

 Yeah I completely agree， you know， when it comes like game there's like there's so much you know misinterpretation of what it is。

 you know as you mentioned like it you know， peacocking。

 like those are the two big ones peacocking and nagging like that's what they think like any guy could just strap on is you know。

 peacocking clothes and just throw out a few nags and any girl would want to fuck him。

But you know that there doesn't work you know without the internal changes that you need to make。

 you know similar to like some like really old ugly ha you know putting on some like Chanel lipstick。

 you're not gonna be more attracted to her at all So there is like a redefining of like what game is and as you mentioned it's like understanding yourself so understanding how you work who you are like noticing like all the mental movies that you're playing a lot of guys playing a lot of like victim movies where they feel sorry they feel like they're victims of circumstance。

 they're like know my life sucks on a piece of shit。

 you know or they like overblat and they're like blind to it like I'm too good for this stuff so understanding yourself unwarring the bullshit stories you tell yourself knowing how to change who you are that's a lot of what it is too it's not strapping on the nags and peacocking is actually changing who you are and then expanding and going beyond that and again understanding who the girl is where she's coming from and how you can benefit her as well and how ultimately you can both benefit yourself。

You know each other。Totally agree totally agree So building on that I guess letll just crack into you know where you came from before this。

 you know even in this like 12 years， how you kind of found out about this。

 you know what was the initial you know appeal and you know we can just kind of go through how you went about it in terms of internalizing all these concepts and you know making the life change that you did here Sure sure。

I first met Tyler and Papa in like 2003 back in Chicago。

 they were at a conference for another dating company。

Yeah you know we hung out together and we hit it off pretty well and they invited me to come out to LA and come check out like the Project Hollywood stuff and see what was going on there so I went out there several times and hung out and。

It was quite a spectacle， you have a dozen young men。

 a dozen men in their early 20s with lot test teststerone and low self esteem competing with each other。

And their basis of competition， the holy Gil is like the better egg who could be more indifferent and digg the other one more。

So there's a deeply entrenched scarcity mentality in the culture at that time。Yeah。

 the famed pur stacks that。Maybe the most humiliating moments of my life was remember memorizing and then remembering you know 12 hours a can of material so you could just do your standup show。

 you could just repeat the same thing for the 700th time and you had every nuance of it now and you like train yourself to be a methodth a to say it with some。

I started off that way too。 Like before my very first open ever。

 I remember I was memorizing the because I was too scared。

 It was the old school like David Bowie poster routine I was in my room like memizing this something in my mind。

 like I was like， this is gonna be so Im gonna get laid bit in the back， I was like。

 this is a little weird。 Like just like rehearsing over and over and Yeah everything。 Hey guys。

 I need a female opinion to something。 My friend's little sister has a picture of David Bowie on her wall。

 David Boowie， He's an old man。 The girls like old man。😊，So you still remember it later。

 a decade later， it's still burned in my brain。 Yeah， Are you guys best friends。

 That's what I followed up actually。 That was my first moment。 It wass like David Voowie。

 But I changed it to Johnny yet it is some French guy because it was in Switzerland and then switched you guys best friends like yeah。

 and then just ran off of us 30 seconds。😊，Yeah， I I tried stopping a woman in a mall once。

 I was buying sunglasses and I tried stopping a woman in the mall to ask her opinion of something。

 and she kind of kept walking at at Gordon me and I yelled her down and I said。

 I just want a female opinion。 I just want a female opinion。She死。

So after much humiliation playing with that she， it just never felt authentic to me。

 it never felt I never felt congruent telling these stories that weren't really mine congruent yellingtown no。

 it just it would just。Really an absurd way to behave。I mean。

 I think if I said that I got a few positive outcomes from it or a few positive reference points。

 I'd say， I'd say that that I did get many reference points of how to keep someone out how to be a weirdo。

 and Id say that it was like a completion of a master's degree in you know indifference to rejection。

 was on my way to my doctorate degree being just indifferent to being rejected or。You know。

 not taken seriously。And I really went the other way on it， but kind of from that point forward。

 I just thought that really the way and the light to me was to be more sincere and more authentic and talk more about my life actually。

You know there's going to be a subset of girls they find that attractive。

 some aren't going to be interested， but the ones that are interested are really interested in meeting me。

 they're really interested in games know me better and I thought that made much more sense than what we were doing。

Previous to that， yeah， it it's pretty common though， that you know， he's just I completely agree。

 but when you know you say this， some guys like， well。It makes sense。

 but what are your thoughts on you know still starting off with like routines or can lines， you know。

 it's like you guys all did it like you what if I just can't approach at all。

 what are your thoughts on that？I really say maybe more than anybody else。

 and maybe it's just my reaction to where I started from and really a rejection of。

Y cand of material， but I really think the words don't matter a hell of a lot。

 I just think of the words as like a vehicle。 I do like to talk。 I really like to talk。

 I meet a girl。 I like to be in a quieter environment or at least。

A civil enough sound level that we can communicate， we can have a conversation。

 but I just think of the words as like a vehicle to convey like good eye contact。

 good vocal tonality， good body language and just give her a bit of time。

 it gives us a context to provide time for her to get to know my personality and my mannerisms and those are by far the more key elements in my mind of what it takes to to convey some personality and see if there's a good fit there or not Yeah yeah I don't completely agree。

 the other thing I say too is I always recommend just jumping in know even though you could go like the routine route and like rely on that crutch temporarily you're going to be avoiding like those harsh traumatic experiences of like really putting your personality on the line not putting it on some sort of front and getting feedback on that know start going directly the route of just being very authentic like this is me take it or leave it and seeing the different。

Different ways in which you can express who you are authentically and go from there。

 so jump in like the deep end versus like baby steppingping your way in。

If we look about the journey itself， you know like how you went about you know internalizing all these concepts。

 all this theory you read online， you know what made you progress you know。

 say more than others like a lot of guys just give up， a lot of guys have asked this。

 you know a lot of guys just kind of repeat the same things over and over。

 what do you think really you know differentiated you from them？

First of all I didn't spend a hell of a lot of time online and instead of you know I did read some articles online but not nearly what some people do today and in place with that I was just going out and experimenting。

 I I just thought of it as like social experiments。

Nothing could be more humiliating than all the chapter teams that we played with previously， so true。

As soon as soon as I started as soon as I like disavowed that and I just I could open a girl and just say whatever。

 just like whatever was sincerely on my mind， I started to creating reference points for like the the authenticity will get the interaction open like she doesn't she doesn't know if she likes you or doesn't like you yet but if she can tell you being sincere she's at least open-minded to hear more in many。

 many， many， many cases and as soon as I started having like those reference points and internalizing some of that I get into kind of a positive feedback loop about it and I just played with it more and more I'm like well other what can I say to spice things up a little。

 what else is authentic and sincere but know a little more spicy or a little more enticing then you know a normal。

A normal interview showed like conversation that actually sparks with two questions I have for you one。

What are your thoughts on guys who spend you know like hours upon hours online watching theory in which ways you think that may benefit or hinder them and the other one is define being sincere because I could really imagine a guy listening to this where like be sincere。

 tell the girl off the bat you want to fucker say hey。

 I want to fuck you that's being sincere I'm telling you what's on my mind。

I think it's totally fine to convey sexuality， from the open， like very direct， no problem。

 I do it all the time， but it has to be congruent with who you are and what your personality is。

You know， also you could package that message， you know， look。

 there is something called marketing and there's a reason it works。

 there's a reason people spend billions of dollars on ads and marketing because take like a cola example。

 all fucking cola is is like some sugar and some water and some other bullshit carcinogens all mixed up together to make you don obese and die early。

And呢。You know they related that to a polar bear， one of the most successful companies selling cola。

 they linked up something that kills you with like a happy polar bear like a happy polar bear and it's not even a real polar bear like a real polar bear is like you know it's skinny for half of the year it's desperately on the hunt for a seal it just wants to eat another animal These aren't even real polar bears they're likeging like like happy cartoonized polarlly with the bottle。

So related to this。The reality of anybody knows what COla is。

 everybody knows that soda is not good for you， there's no surprise here。

 but packaging things in a more palatable way。It's a feeling to a broader audience。

 it gets you in the door with people that otherwise would have ignored your message。So， you know， in。

 in this context， I'd say。Instead of， like you you're really gorgeous， I really like to fuck you。

Package it is perhaps。Perhaps put some pandon her life。Give her a little polar bear， give her a call。

More specifically， you know I might say something again， I don't really have can to can stuff。

 but there's a few things I like to say commonly and you know in this context a way to package that in a more palatable way might be like。

 girl， you're adorable， get over here。It made you want to put a baby in your tummy。

I know you're conveying the same message that you're interested in sex。

 you're interested in a physical relationship， but she can laugh at that。

 that's something she can giggle with， that's something that you know。

If she decodes that in her brain， she likely hasn't heard that before。If she has。

 it's still her So maybe maybe 10000 guys are gonna go around the world now saying that line。

 but you know there's no magic to the words。 it's just the thought being conveyed and this is personality dependent I can say of that。

 I can look a girl right in her eye， I can say that and she knows I mean it。

 she knows that I find her attractive she knows I'm interested in a physical relationship And she's not down for that。

 that's cool But I'm also putting it out there that that's what I'm here for。

 That's what's up What I would say to is a lot of it just communicated in like the subcommunications like you just be like even just like hey。

 how's it going。 there's different ways of saying it you can go like hey how' how's it going and the girl doesn't know if you want to if you like her daughter even why you're there there's not that clear energy or he'd be like hey。

 how's it going and she knows very well that you like her and you want to fuck her if you will。

 you don't have to be like by the way I also want to fuck you and I have to verbalize it so you know shoulds be communicated in the vibe。

Or in the way you talk， you know， as Derek said make it more relatable， don't just be harsh。

 you know right off the bat， you know I just want to fuck you okay or again you're going to scare off a lot of people then the other question was what are your thoughts on guys who just spend a lot of time watching theory？

It's great to internalize some theory， it's great to have a framework in your head that gives you some sense of direction and you know。

It can guide you along the way。Years ago I read an article from a guy named Alfred Korsski and he talks about the concept of the map is not the territory。

 and all the theory is is a map， the theory gives you like a map for what's likely to happen in the world。

 it gives you a rendition， some sort of blueprint of what might be up。

But there's no substitute for like getting out there in the territory。

 getting into the goddamn nightclub and experiencing the emotions of that good and bad。 And you know。

 at first the a lot of them are going to suck a lot of guys。It's rough on your self concept to。

To get out there and really make yourself vulnerable， really convey your sincere personality。

 and put it on the line for a lot of girls to wipe down。

I'd argue that that's a little silly and it is the best way that you're going to get good at this。

 it's the way that you're most likely going to get a girlfriend。

 most likely going to have sex partners， and if you're interested in having a lot of those or any real choice or abundance in your life you're just going to have to tolerate that and frankly embrace it because there's no other way。

 I don't see guys that became successful at this without paying their dues。

Yeah yeah what I would say is the plus side with theory is it teaches you you know how to break down your nights。

 you know if you go out it's like you know what you're doing right where you're doing wrong it's that whole you know to play the game you got to know the language of the game so in terms of how to analyze yourself you'll learn a lot from it but on the other side if you watch too much。

It will hinder you from going out because you'll think you you'll master at some point you'll be your theory degree and you'll be good enough。

 And the other one is that by knowing so much you get too caught up in your head in terms of am I doing it right it's like well am I doing it like the theory but what about this which is just jumping in just learning from your mistakes it's like falling over。

 getting back up falling over getting back up again and actually not doing it right it's like as you said you have to pay your dues。

 you do have to get rejected， you do have to fuck up you're never just gonna jump in and do it right by watching theory I was just gonna take it in that direction there's no amount of theory you could watch read books and read posts and watch videos until you die and there's no perfect way there's there's no like sniper technique that know I watched I watched every video on the Internet related to this pickup stuff you able to quote us。

 you could be able to you to routines of。that everybody else has used。

 but until you go do it yourself， you're not going to develop the tool set to be successful and to go anywhere with this。

 it brings to mind like in an academic setting and when I was in graduate school。

 I dealt with a lot of these people they got a lot of our professors。

 like you know like Harvard doctorate degree， Harvard doctorate。

And some of those people are really brilliant in their little academic thing。

 but that's all they did their whole life。 their entire life， they went to school。

 they went to school， they went to school， they never had a real job and then they became a professor and they kept going to school going to school and their head's full of theory but some of those people couldn't tie their shoes some of them quite literally couldn't change a tire if they had a flat tire on a vehicle imagine an adult male who couldn't figure out how to change a tire what good is all that shit in his head if you don't have like the pragmatism to go make some use of it to go execute and extract some value for all the effort that you put in to learn that shit Yeah。

 it's also the difference between like knowing game and like I was say internalizing game it's like。

When I give a seminar like you can understand the concept like oh yeah。

 when you get a number you do this， this this but it's until you actually do you're like oh shit it's like Julia send the seminar do you have like those click those aha moments and the more clicks you get the more it actually becomes who you are So there is no way around that Now another thing that that comes a lot of guys' minds know when you hear like jump in know pay your dues get rejected。

 what are your thoughts on rejection and how a lot of guys just want to avoid that how do you what's just your general philosophy there？

I don't feel like I've been rejected for years， I feel that I talked to a lot of girls just weren't interested in the message that I was conveying at that time。

 there's nothing wrong with that。You know， it's okay to be discriminatory。

 be happy that girls are discriminatory， be happy that girls aren't like that easy to hook up with that any do out there can go approach an attractive woman。

It know contaminated her in this or that way， like be grateful for this， be happy。

I just think of it as， you know， when I go talk to a girl， I'm just conveying a value proposition。

 I don't have any more emotion about it than I would if you're doing。If you're doing sales calls。

 some people are going to want your product， some people are going to resonate with it and be really eager to be involved in the product you're selling。

 the product you're standing behind。And others just aren't going to be interested。

 so I'm not trying to be a mass marketer， I don't care what the average person thinks of me。

 I don't care what most people think of me， but I am very appealing to a couple of target markets and those are the ones that I'm most interested in。

 like specific little niche markets that are my target what I really desire anyway。

That's all I want I don't care what I don't care what some girl who I don't even like thinks of me It makes no difference what her opinion is you know good or bads not my type of girl it's not for me I don't care if she loves me I' care if she hates me irrelevant Yeah Yeah we call that like being the buyer not the seller complete opposite than how most guys come at this and in the beginning you know a lot of guys they just want the validation they want every girl to like them like even a girl they don't like even a girl who's extremely unattractive。

 they feel horrible if they get rejected by that girl So instead of just like them going up and like trying to get that validation you know where the girls like in charge like please like me you just kind of you would like you just putting yourself out there and ultimately you're deciding and screening through the masses of girls till you find the ones you like what you're described a moment ago is you know this is the basis of what a pickup artist is like I've never identified with that term I never thought of myself as a pickup artist a pickup artist is someone who's who's got such low self-esteem and such grvance。

He needs the attention and validation of every woman that he encounters。

 whether he even likes or or not。呵呵。😊，He doesn't even have he needs the attention of a toad。

 like a piglet or a toad， he needs her validation so he can feel like I could have had her。

It's just absurd。 just absurd。 Yeah， I have that on boot camp sometimes where you know。

 a guy will go up and talk to a girl and she's not attractive at all。 He doesn't even like her。

 but he's talking to her， and she's just giving him shit like shit after shit and you just see the guy getting more depressed and I call him I'm like do why are you still in there。

 He's like， well I have to do well I'm like no it's fine or a guy will talk to a girl and it finds out she has a boyfriend and he still tries to get her to like him andm like you don't have to succeed with every girl and it's like as soon as that click happens like the guy was like ecstatic he's like I don't。

Wa， so that's like a huge trap。 you know， guys fall into it's like must succeed with every single girl。

 Now another thing I wanted to ask you too， you know。

 since you've been in this for over 12 years now is you know how do you keep yourself motivated for that long know that's the question I can see a lot of guys asking It's like you know what makes you want to do this for this long don't you get bored of it how did you not just give up。

 how did you blast through plateaus know if you'd like share your thoughts on that。Well。

 I mean I guess a couple different perspectives is you know my whole life I've been interested in human psychology and you know what motivates people。

 what makes people behave the way they do， and I thought this was just a great platform or a great environment to be in where。

You knowGuy are always trying to learn the next thing guys are always trying to learn。

Really the ins and outs of human motivation。And it's one thing to do that in a dating context。

 but when you learn those skills， when you're empathetic about another person's life situation。

 when you develop a good intuition about what their situation likely is when you're thinking about how can I add value to that。

 what might I get in return， etc ceter， that goes far beyond male， female relationships。

 that's tremendously value in your business relationships to get promotions in your job if you're an employee somewhere there's so many other facets of the world？

I get free bees and hook ups all the time。Just because I can make somebody laugh like I had enough human interaction that I can make somebody giggle。

 I can say things nobody else would say， you know some things are pretty counterintuitive。

 I went to the gym today。So we're traveling at the moment， I mean not in my home city。

 so I had to find a gym to go to it to maintain my fitness。And they asked me for $35 for a day pass。

 they want $35 to go there for one day。And I said， what the fuck， like are you serious。

 do you want me to take my pants down right now？Are you going to fuck my ass？

And you know it just I said this to a young girl and so she's laughing and she's laughing and I'm like dont don't tell me that shit again。

 like tell me a better price like what's the best price you can give me what's really going on and she's like well。

 I could do $70 for three days I'm like I'm not gonna be here for three days I only need to exercise on two days how can we work this out？

And she's like， no， I really can't do anything else， it's $35 a day， and I said， fuckuck you。

 fuck your Jim， $35 a day。And basically， I just put enough social pressure on her that she just started giggling about it。

 And she's like， I'll tell you what。 just pay for today。

 And I'll put you on the guest list for the next two days in case you want to come。

 So I can go for free the next couple days。 why just because I just implied a little social pressure I knew there has to be something It's such a preposterous price she's asking and there has to be something she can do to know。

 to compensate for that。 Like what would a month cost， I it $1000 a month。

 what's a monthly membership cause。 So I knew there had to be some wr room there。

 And I just had to make up the path of least resistance to give her a little social pressure。

 make her a little bit gigglely， get her engaged in like a happier like friendlier part of her mind。

 And you know I got three days for the price of one。 But I get those things all the time。

 Like we all get those things all the time because。

You just learn to you just learn how how to make people laugh and how to be fun and how to be friendly。

 And there's a lot of benefit to it。 Yeah， it goes way beyond like just girls。

 you know like from outside' perspective， it's like oh all these guys just going up for girl after girl after girl know and if you apply this like you should get that you know fairly quick or you know maybe not consistently but you're gonna to get some girls you know pretty fast along the way but then in terms like motivation like longterm motivation you get kind of like you know numb to that success like oh my God I got a girl and it just expands to just so much more know how it affects as you said your day- today life how it affects your business。

 how it affects just your mindset when it comes to anything know like if you can achieve you know like。

Game where you know changing who you are， which is a lot harder than pretty much doing it anything else。

 like letting go of your identity and taking on a new one like all those anchors。

 all that you know that deep deep attachment know like this is harder than going to the gym losing weight。

 doing whatever and through by doing that you understand what motivates you personally like what buttons to push within yourself how your mind works you can really apply to anything or any little situation there so just keep you know pushing off a little further and further Yeah another thing related to identity that's probably pretty damn relevant to the audience。

I。I think guys have this misconception that。You know when they go to the bar and they go talk to whoever and know just any girl。

 girls they don't even like girls they think are okay， and when they get rejected by that girl。

 then they sort of create an identity for themselves of like if that girl doesn't even like me。

 how the hell would I get the girls that I really want to be with。

 how would I get the approval or validation or attention of girls that I really， really like？嗯。

I think this goes back to we were talking about a bit ago that。You don't have to。

 you don't have to have the validation。 You don't have to have attention from everybody like think about。

 you know， think about what role does a woman play in your life。 Why do you want a woman anyway。

 What do you have to offer her？ Why would she pick you instead of some other dude。

What's better about you than some other if the answer is nothing。

 then don't be fucking surprised when you spending a lot of time with someone？

It means you know you need to go work on yourself， you need to go think。

Think about what you really want and who you want to become and what are you going to do to accomplish those things。

 how are you going to build out the rest of your life。

 what kind of goals do you have in other areas of your life。

 and that will assist you in getting girls。But。Also， when you do have that sorted out。

 you don't need to worry about everybody's approval。

 like go find the ones that you want most and when you go talk to the hottest ones that what you think is a really hot girl。

 your nine， your 10 you both in appearance and personality and her life situation。

 what you idealize to be a top notch girl， when when you have a clear map in your head of what she looks like what her life's course has been what she would have had to do to become that person。

 it's going to be pretty easy for you to just go talk to her， like if you。

If you've held yourself to the same standard that you're expecting from her。

 you'll already have meal10 commonalities， it's going to be really easy for you to roll up me A。

Kmerer， who are you？Just introduce yourself。What do you think she's in the bar for。

 why do you think she's in a club， you think that she know she wants just any guy there。

 she wants a guy that's worked on himself that's done something when you have commonalities。

 it's a good foundation to start a relationship。When you have common goals going forward。

 that's what's going to make a relationship work。If you're just thinking about。

I want to bang some hot girl， I'm a creep， and I'm a loser。And I never really accomplished anything。

 but I really want to bang some hot girls。It's really an uphill battle， man。

 it's really an uphill battle， like just be realistic， think about。Yeah， I'd say just suck there。

 It's like the the realistic thing is so key。 It's like， you know。

 some of you guys are just unrealistic in terms of where they're at game was， how long it takes。

 what it takes， you know， they think it's that whole like magic pill type of mentality where it's like。

 as you said， the most common thing I get is like。Yeah， I'm a creep。 I have nothing to offer。

 I know that。 Like I'll hear it this one guys。 I know I'm a creep。

 but I don't really want to do that little self-help work。 I don't really want to change who I am。

 I just want to fuck hog girls now。 I don't give a shit out all that。 And again。

 then they're surprised when it doesn't work or they're surprised where it's like well。

 I did a few approaches。 but I'm still not getting the hog girls they don't realize it's like a year two year or more know more lifelong journey that you have to take they kind of do as like a chore as well like how many opens to like fuck a girl Like how long does it take so common And I mean。

 that's something we both have is very realistic。 And I think that's a huge。

 huge mindset when it comes to you know getting good at this there's not a number man。

 there's not like if I talk to 16 girls。One's going to want to suck my dear。はい。

If you're thinking like that， then probably no， probably that's not the case。

If that's your headspace， probably that's not the case。there was a video。

 there's a video some guy post like it was this prank where a guy went up to like 100 girls just opening with hey you want to fuck and the whole joke of the video is like actually none said yes。

 and like I was writing like super depressed like the guy's good looking why did they all say no。

 like freaking the fuck out because as they want is like if I at least go to 100 maybe one will want to fuck me just kind of looking for like that pity quick fuck avoiding the work or another one I mean I just find this ridiculous this whole magic pill It's like。

This was a recent one。Well， I understand you have to put in like a year or two of work。

 to get all your internals down to become grounded， et cetera。

But you know what would be cool is like if you guys hired like a hypnotist to like just hypnotize the work inside of me。

 so I don't have to do that， that'd be awesome。Uimate magic pill。

 unreal realistic type of thinking the ultimate one that I had as yeah I've done a few boot camps this year。

 I did more boot camps in last few months than I ever did in my whole life。I had a student。

 and he really took the cake for me， I don't think I'll forget him in my lifetime。The guy is。

 He's about 60 years old。And in wretched shape， wretched wretched physical condition。

 let himself go a couple decades before。And he shows up on boot camp and he says that he wants to date and have sex with girls in their early 20s。

 like 18 to 23。And。And he wants this this weekend， so he doesn't have any of that right now。

 he wants me to teach him over the course of a weekend how a 60 year old can have sex with 18 to 23 year olds。

 pretty much on command， pretty much on command。So we went out to the club and after some cokeing。

 I got him to talk to a couple girls。And I'd intervened in their interactions and when I seen things waning。

 I'd get in there， I pull their attention to me， fluff things up， get her gigly， get her happy。

 we're having fun together， talk well about him， try to get him back in the mix。

On debrief that after the first night， he went on to explain to me that in his trips to South America。

 when he has sex with prostitutes in Columbia，They're all like 18 to 23， and they only cost like $17。

 and he's really kind of insulted that women in America don't treat him with the same respect and care that a Coloian prostitute would。

He seem baffled by this。So you can imagine the difficulties going forward and he said。

 I really came on boot camp to fix this part of my life and I thought I'm going to get this whole thing handled this weekend。

It's you know in my mind it's like in what alternate universe could such a perverse absurdity hold true like in what alternate universe could you you teach a guy whos really he's done nothing to take care of himself。

 he's sort of a bona fide creep and his expectation is that if he comes on boot camp。

 if he spends three days，We magically turn that around。

 I'll tap my cock to his shoulder and knife him with a pimpdom。

Magically turn things around and it's just not realistic like no one could do that。

 no one could do that。Yeah， yeah， I know that that type of like magic pillmentity is just。

It always shocks you I think that's why one of the main reasons guys don't get good。Couple things。

 it's one。They're not realistic about where they're at so for example。

 for that guy he's going to have to sit down and be like okay， I am 60， I let myself go。

 I just fuck cooks， I don't have references like I'm scared Andy was married。

 Andy was married and he's married。You know， it's like very like doesn't have much social experience talking to young girls if you's scared to talk to them。

 he has a lot of work to do to actually fuck them you know so it's like sitting down and admitting you know you suck a lot of guys have trouble doing that you know they go into this and they're like I can't even go up。

 I can't even hold a conversation longer than a minute but I want to fuck a 10 fast it's like you're gonna have a lot of work to do so be realistic where you're at know even if you suck it's not bad but you got to like here I am and have realistic expectations as well you know guys if that was me in the beginning like you know the whole David Boie open I knew that I was too scared to open a girl like I couldn't even open an old lady asked for the time in the beginning for me。

I admitted I sucked。 I wasn't like expecting more。 thought I deserved more。

 And any little step that was better than how I previously was， I was ecstatic。 Like that first open。

 even with the David Boowie best friend， I was like， that is awesome。

 That was one of the best days of my life。 Then another step， another step。 And I， you know。

 you just get addicted to that upward spiral of like positivity。 Nowadays， a guy， you know。

 especially you say with the videos infield， He'll do the same open。 The David Bowie。

 and he'll just beat himself down。 He's like， you didn't fuckcker youre such a piece of shit and just slap himself down。

I've had guys who。Because they slept with a girl on a day two and not a one night stand。

 they felt like shit， so like it wasn't the same night I suck。You know。

 it's so ridiculous like those unrealistic expectations or you know。

 just the process itself like not realizing it's going to take a long time。

 be willing to take inventory just objectively。It's really hard to improve on a delusion if you actually have a delusional reality that's your you know。

Your functional perception of the world， you're going to really put a lot of your efforts in the wrong place。

 you're going to really misallocate resources。I think just as a raw foundation like you just have to get really objective about。

 you know， what have I accomplished in my life thus far， you know。

 how do I fit into the social hierarchy in various you know cultures and subcultures today and where do I want to be in the future and then just start taking bites out of it。

 you know you're going to babystep your way to success you're not going to。

You're not going to be a creep for 60 years and then everything's going magically turn around over the course of a weekend and hot girls that are 20 years old are going to throw themselves at you。

It can't happen， never， it can't。Yeah， be objective about where you are to build a foundation that。

You know it's reliable and solid going forward， be willing to pay your dues to create your life the way that you want it。

诶。嗯。I feel like a lot of people all have like a huge blind spot when it comes to， again。

 like the repetition of like just menial bullshit， like this practice。

 practice practice practice like if someone sees you now。

 but like oh my god this guy was probably always like this or made a few little tweaks know they don't see like you had to go up and as you said pay your dues like do get your rejections under your belt go up and like practice like you said even starting out fucking routines and like going through all that bullshit。

 people just turned a blind eye to it。 whatever I thought of those routines。

 it was more effective than what I was doing before that。

 it was more effective than look I always had a pretty girl I always had a pretty girl but that's because I had I had cool guy friends I was in a good social scene。

I had a lot of good things going for me at an early age and because of that oftentimes I was kind of the center of attention of you know social gatherings parties or whatnot and know there were just some attractive girls in the environment that kind of picked me and after they gave me enough indicators of interest over enough time。

 I wasn't so dense that I couldn't observe them and interpret that as like oh she likes me and I had like the basic skills to like move that forward。

 like the basic human intuition to move that forward。

But I had no real idea of like how to see a girl that I thought was attractive and go convert that from like a thought to a girlfriend。

That was very distant from me you know in my beginning and it took a lot of time and a lot of。

A lot of pain of the des to get from there， to be in a situation where pretty goddamn good abundance。

I know I could have any particular archetype of girl I want， I couldn't have any girl I want。

 but any particular archetype of girl that I could imagine I've already done that and I could go find another one and you know that feels a whole lot different than。

You know， if I hadn't taken action， if I hadn't had those humiliating moments。

 I never would have built like the self-esteem and had the endurance to accomplish some of the things that were really glorious in my life afterwards so what was like a you know one of those breakthrough moments you know it's like everyone has like epiphanies like a moment we really sense was like a huge shift you know in terms of like how you were before you know and after。

Like related to the comment I made a moment ago like being able to see a girl and go take what you want to see a girl and convert that to an home end。

 to a conversation， to a physical relationship。嗯。I think one story that。I've kind of been proud of。

 and I think was sort of an epiphany to me。A moment where I felt like like I kind of made it like things were like。

It was really fucking cool， it was really fucking good。

 and I knew I'd be able to replicate it again in the future。

Was right after the filmamine of the blueprint， Tyler's product， the blueprint。

Right after the film me and Tyler and I were talking in a lounge at a hotel and I've seen just a gorgeous creature。

 just gorgeous woman walk by and she's with an older lady that appears to be her mother and a dude about her age a little bit older that it might as well be her boyfriend。

 I didn't know the difference。She walked by and she made eye contact with me and a few moments later。

 I said to Owen， I'm like， you if I see that girl again， I'm going to take that girl。

He's like what dude like you think you can just see a girl and you just pick up any girl that you want to like that girls come by here again I'm gonna to get that girl and you know sure enough she does like a few minutes later they went to the front desk or whatever they just went they're gone for a couple minutes like three minutes later she reappears I'm right in there it is her mother like befriend the mother well enough。

 invite the mother to the bar fortunately she's an alcoholic accepts my invitation to the bar beings hot daughter and this other dude with and this guy's like six4 you know pretty good looking dude and he starts getting insecure though he sees the girl's like me she's laughing at my jokes happy for me to lead her around he starts getting insecure and it's being pretty reactive to the situation and know that's my girl and I'm like oh cool like are you with him like go with him girl go with him。

 it's easier savior。This year a man and she's like， no no， no。

 no and you know the more he is talking， the more attractive it may be anyway， end of the day。

 I end up pulling this girl to her hotel room with her mother， I gave rid of the dude。

 take the girl back to the room with her mother。And she refuses to have sex with me until she can show me like her online like modeling portfolio。

 including like images that she had in PlayW magazine。

It's other cover girl type stuff so the girl ended up you know just for me being relaxed and cool and having like the audacity to go approach her in front of her mother and like like a guy who was bigger than me。

 I think she felt so so insecure the need to prove herself that she was cool too that she was really qualifying and hard and wanted to show me these images。

 so at the end of the day I might as well finish this one。At the end of the day the。

The mother is such a lush that theres six more heinekens left in the room in her hotel room。

 and she refuses to go to sleep。She's happy for me to be there。

 but she refuses to go to sleep where there's still alcohol in the room。

 So I had to encourage the mother to like guzzle beer while I sip on one and her daughter si on one。

 mother drank the other four and passed out she。😊，And then the daughter and I could do our thing and consummate our relationship。

But诶为你。There were several other instances like that earlier in life。

 but I felt that was one that like it finally replicated at enough times and at such a high level with like such an attractive girl that。

I just sort of felt like I made it， I sort of felt like know I checked to that box and I knew I'd be able to do that again in the future。

 it wasn't like a doubt to me that when I seen something that when I seen a woman that I thought was very attractive。

 I'd go talk to her， I tried to move it forward， when I seen opportunities in life。

 know in business or in other contexts， like I'd be willing to go for it。

You know a lot of those lot of those turned out really well and they wouldn't have if if I was complacent you know to just do it around to study some theory。

 you know not take action on the things that I knew would be in my best interest long term so I just embrace those few humiliations those tough nights out。

 you just have to embrace that and accept it as part of the process if you want to be at。

You want to be performing at a higher level consistently。Deal with it embrace it be excited。

 be excited to get those out of the way so you can get onto bigger and better things Yeah yeah and those rejections too like that's what makes you more grounded just more solid overall you know and being able to deal with the type of pressure you know that you would encounter a situation like that you know if your' guy is just sitting at home and you just expect to walk up to a girl or mother。

And the guy she's with， you're never going to pull it off， you know， you won't be able to not flinch。

 you'll just get shoved in your head， you'll probably just blank， you'll just be like， hey。

 or you won't even walk up in the first place。"，嗯。You know。

 I remember like for me like actually my story where I kind of like felt like I made。

 it was actually when I first moved to Los Angeles like this is like after you know。

 just three years just going out strong in Switzerland where I was at a pretty damn good level。

 you know， whoa so I thought but this was like my first like you know。

 LA10 that I ever like pulled like not just hot Hawk robe like LA10。

And I pulled off this guy who was。Who I knew is an acquaintance who's actually a pretty famous actor now and I was just a nobody from fucking Switzerland。

 you know， broke his shit young， you know， hadn't really like just moved to LA like had not much life experience apart from game。

 but just that game experience like those three years going hard。

 like becoming more and more grounded for my age， I was just like you know blowing everyone else down out of the water like I could compete with a fucking famous actor and pull this girl like。

LA10 who is with her sister， se her from her sister。

 bring her back to my place and at the time this is like you probably never heard this。

 this is like the worst logistics was，I just moved there。 I'd like 4K on me total money。

 And I found this temporary place to stay， which was this。Ghetto， ghetto， ghetto apartments。

With an old gay guy。And I was staying on his living room floor on a blow of mattress of this one bedroom。

 so you walk in， there's the blow mattress。Him in the bedroom。 and he's weird as shit。

 And he actually fuck me over when I moved in， like I paid first and last month， and then he's like。

 oh， someone else is moving in。 and I'm like fuck as I couldn't get it back。

 So I had to wait another month before moving out and this old。You know。

30 well not old like 30 or something year old Bulgarian bodybuilder moved in as well with the gay guys with the gay guys。

 youre living in with a gay man and a bit of a crude total treat and a large bodybuiler whos also a foreigner Yes so and this is a situation like it was probably some of the weirdest months of my life it was like you walk in small one bedroom I'm on one b mattress。

The bodybuilers on another block mattress。The cake ices in the bedroom。

And so that's what I'm pulling to， and this is a girl who's surrounded him like celebs like dudes。

Baking just killing it， like providing all this awesome afterpart。

 So I saw it buy a car buy a car exactly so so I have like a little kid from Switzerland like first kind of taste at the Hollywood scene。

And I'm like， you know， afterpart， let's go。 And like I'm just so on point that I， I just， you know。

 Yank or in the cab， go all the way back there and I arrive。 And I'm like。

 I remember right before walking， I'm like， okay， be very quiet。 because everyone's sleeping。

And I opened the door and it's just like pitch black。 Now there's the couch。

 so she doesn't fully see the bodybuiler on the mattress behind， but you can hear him breathe。

 which is like a huge like just beast like。Like that。

 So the only way the only place I can actually pull her is the bathroom。

So I'm like quickly even go set it up， so I'm like， you know I'm like oh， Ill just be right back。

 go in the bathroom， she's sitting on the couch and there's again this huge guy is sitting behind her like breathing like she's panic like with the fuck。

Quickly run out yank her in the bathroom and this is like how it ended。

's like I started fucking her and it woke up the gay guy in the bedroom and every five minutes he just come trying to open the bathroom door。

 So here she is with this weird dude sleeping on the floor and。

The gay guy just coming in every like trying to come in every five minutes。

 this ghetto ass apartment where she's just in the bathroom and she love yas for me that one there I was just like。

If you could make that one work here exactly you could find a date again in the future exactly it like if I can make that work。

 yeah， I can easily， you know just do it again and that's a big one too is every time you do something。

That you're not used to doing like even just an open。

 like the physical proof that you've done at once is enough leverage to。

 you know motivate you that you can do it again。So that's really what I got from it is like shit。

 I could actually do this， you know， and I got through this as you said like just getting the references of gain。

 you know， becoming more grounded， more solid， embracing tons of rejections。

 I would never be able to pull that off otherwise I just you know freeze。And。You know， from there。

 just built it up， you， applied it to life where I don't no longer have to stand with a gay dude and and a bodybuiler。

And when soundss you know pulling a lot of other girls off other celebrities too a commonality that I see with that is these are guys that when they're out in like a social setting and when they're in a nightlife environment or private parties as well。

 these are guys that are used to be in the center of attention。

 they're used to when a man approaches them and whoever they're with。

 they're used to the guy coming up you know to pay tribute to the hero so to speak。

 that you know oh I love your work and God can I lick your ass。You know。

 really eager to please and pander to that celebrity figure to that image。

And these guys get tremendously insecure in many cases， surprisingly many cases。

 tremendously insecure， when you roll up on them， you ignore them entirely。

 you holler out their chick。You had good eye contact， you have good body language。

 he tries to get in there， you'll ignore him， you'll dis him。

 it's so out of context for him that those dudes will react like you know so much more insecurely than even like any normal guy would like any normal guy would just be like you know would be able to roll with it。

 those dudes get really stuck in their head not every times but oftentimes really stuck in their head very reactive and many times I take girls right in front of their man right in front of them。

 pluck the girl took her home done。Another reason for that， I would say is。You know， those goods。

There's a lot of bravado in many cases， especially like athletes。

 there's a lot of bravado there and you know they can go yet another chick but that also means they tend to ignore the girl that they're with like she feels neglected and ignored in many cases and you seem to be willing to come up and pay her some sincere attention be a pretty cool character pay her some sincere attention and know frankly if you have the confidence to do it can be much easier to take one of those girls than like a random girl at large on the club the girl that I live with now when I first met her it was really a difficult situation I was at the Playboy mansion is like a private event there private party and。

You know at the mansion they have you're either really well socially connected or you spent a lot of money to go there。

 but once you're in， once you have your you know like general admission ticket， once you're in。

 you get you know heavy or Dbs， there's there's steak， there's shrimp， there's you know。

 high quality food available to you， free， free open bar， all the liquor you want all night long。

 everything's free， everything's free and high end after you're in the door。嗯。

But there's a situation where they have these cabanas。

 they sell these cabanas for like $10 to $25000。 And the only thing that you get for that $10 to $25000 for the night。

 just for one night， the only thing that you get is a piece of real estate。 you have。

 you know like a seat that you can sit on like your little bench in your little tiny piece of real estate。

 your little 10 foot by 10 foot nook。That you paid 10 or 25 grand for it for the night。

You get the same liquor that you already would have got for free， you get the same more dibs。

 all you got was that little piece of real estate and like velvet ropes with security to keep other people out of your little space。

嗯。So I saw a girl that I thought was super cute， really attractive girl。

 and she's tucked away in the back corner of one of these cabanas and in there there's six guys and three girls including her。

 she's literally in the far back corner of it。So I walk up to the velvet rope。

 I don't touch the rope or try to let myself in， I walk up to the velvet rope right where it would like unhinged from its post。

 unhooked from its post。😔，And there's a large security man there。

 and I walked up to the post and I looked at him， and I looked down at the post and I looked at him。

And I looked down at the post and I looked back him again， very annoyed and he's like， oh oh。

 I'm sorry， sir。😔，He opens the velvet rope and allows me into the cabana area。

 which I have no right to be in。But he allows me in。With no word spoken， only eye contact。

 only body language conveyed gets me past the velvet rope。Went right to the girl。

 So you were adorable a over here， you know， fluff， fluff， fluff， chat， chat， chat is the first time。

 the first time that I implemented the phrase of I just want to put a baby in your tummy was with this girl with this situation。

嗯。So the phrase was born at the Playboy mansion and propagated around the world。But in any case。

 it's crazy logistics that these dudes are yelling at her。 the dudes are yelling at me。

 like this small Asian man whos like standing like you know with his mouth like inches from my cheek and like yelling in my ear and like spit is hitting in here my eye on my cheek。

 And she's not even aware of it。 Like as long as we're holding eye contact as long as her eyes are around my eyes and vice versa。

 she's not even aware these other things are happening in the environment。

 But I know this is gonna turn bad after a while， it's gonna to be some security and it's it's not gonna be a good situation。

 So I have to， you know get her to exit that environment and come with me separately。

 So I pulled her out of there。 dudes are still yelling at her tell her come back。

 come back demanding that she come back。 And I said， girl。

 do you want to stay here with the cool kids。 or do you want to go on an adventure with me。

 Like you ever seen the zoo over here。 She like there's zoo。 like there's fucking too can in there。

 and a baby koala。 Like， come on。So I took her to see the two can， there's no baby koala。

 I took her to see the two can and yeah， we just had fun and we just had laughoffs and carried things forward and。

You know， just throughout the night， though。Scarrrl grew up in LA。

 she has a lot of friends there really entrenched in a high end social circle there and like literally like 20 times like men and women alike are coming up to her inviting her to this afterpart at that after party coming to this celebrities is how coming our limbmo we're going to so and so house come on bitch we're bouncing we're bouncing come on one was a really harsh LA slut and she's like what are you doing with this guy like let's go and I had to deal with all of these in different ways。

 I felt like it like like an aquito class or something you have to throw this joke to one side throw the evil wench to the other and yeah just deal with a deal with the flow of nonsense。

 but at the end of the night， know she was isolated。

 she was happy to balance she didn't feel comfortable going by herself so I had to go find like a token friend。

d find another female that was down to go with my friend so there was at least another female present so they could both feel safe together and these girls very loosely。

 loosely knew each other， they're just acquaintances but know they felt comfortable leaving with my friend and I and you know they turned into you know multi-year relationship that we had a lot of amazing times together we had a lot of great productivity had tremendous fun。

 did a lot of travel really accomplished a lot of goals together over those years it wouldn't happen if you didn't have the audacity to be the guy that got behind the Velvet robe to be the guy that opened the nine set with six dudes in three chicks to deal with all the other detractors that come along and want to pull her this way and pull her that way you know just keep your groundedness。

 keep your center of gravity and be able to hold attention in a compelling way that she felt comfortable that know I was her best option for the night amongst many good options。

在。That was a tough one， I took a lot of notes from that myself in the aftermath。

What I always knew that with other situations I'd been in and then having a situation like that。

 I'd be able to replicate it in the future or some other rendition of it。

It's things like that that really give you the core confidence that when you're just in like a normal life situation and it's just like a pretty girl on the sidewalk。

 it's just nothing， youre just you like just go say hi， go say hi， go introduce yourself。

Make it happen， make it happen。Yeah， yeah， I know that's an awesome story and to just you know just slowly your wrap up to building on this you know that should give you leverage。

 you know to put yourself in those harsh situations。

 but also you know to be in this to work on yourself as a person know it's not about the validation。

 it's like becoming you know the number one guy know it's like in a situation you described here where youre this girl and everyone's coming at her like hey let's go here。

 let's go here know you're competing it's all this shit and you really have to be like the best option there and that's not something you can just skip ahead to it's like you have to actually work on yourself。

 develop your personality you know find out you know it's like what strengths you have what you can offer the girl how to amplify that if you don't have anything。

 how to work on it and you know actually really， really becoming that guy and you know from there it's。

Dealing with a little bit of you like outer game stuff。

 like just a little few technicalities here and you know。

 bring the token friends and stuff like that to make it work。But you know， attraction you know。

 is a lot more just automatic and the girl will go out of her way too a little bit to you know。

 go home with you as well。So yeah， I'd say overall use that as fucking leverage。

 any last thoughts any last thing you want to share， just be realistic。

 just you know know that if you're some dode， you're sitting on a couch。

 you've been playing video games， smoking pot， you know。

 on occasion you watch Saturday morning cartoons for some， to liven up your life a bit。

If that's the apex of your existence， if that's where you're at right now， don't be surprised。

 there's not like， stunning girls showing up on your doorstep to watch cartoons to play that world of Warcraft shit with you。

Don't don't be shocked by this。 but but be willing to take like an objective inventory of where you're at。

 And wherever you're at right now， this isn't this isn't a static thing。

 you're not fixed at that point。 like it could be otherwise。 You could be more。

 be willing to pay your dues to get from here to there。

 You know what's most important to you and take action every day to work on it， chip away at it。

 chip away at it， chip away at it， you'll get better。 you know when Julian started。

 I met him like five years ago when when he was like that you know， a fresh young。

 kind of naive kid from Switzerland。 I was around when he first first showed up。

 and just made tremendous growth。 like in 18 months， he was。

 you unbelievable growth and you just done better and better sense then。

And most of you can too wherever you're at right now you can definitely be better and if you had the work ethic that he did or that I did。

 you could be really good at this， anybody could， anybody with an average IQ could do very well at this。

 if they simply have the motivation and the discipline to push things forward。

 chip away at things a little bit every day， a little bit every day， have some self-reflection。

 most importantly take action， don't get wrapped up in the theory。

 get out there and practice the theory， develop those reference experiences that are going to give you the ability to read a situation。

 to reliable intuition that you'll know what to do in when a new situation pops up and you'd be able to move things forward。

 you'll have a lot more success in your life both with girls in business or your career。

 whatever other endeavors are interesting to you。Be willing to take action。

 be willing to pay your dues， keep at it， man， keep at it。

