# 01、朱利安《转变》：0.Bonuses：Stories：3. Crazy and Epic Stories【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So in this last video， I thought I'd share you some of the more crazy and epic stories from over the past eight years of me just going out and interacting with with it。

 these are the stories that really stand out， if I look back at my journey in the game。

 these are the instances where I'm really like oh shit， I can't believe that happened。

 I can't believe I experienced that's the memories I really cherish and when I want you to get out of this video here first of all。

 be inspired。 this is know first of all， this is a video where you can actually sit back and kind of enjoy the stories。

 But be really inspired by these。 like when you hear some of this like want this for yourself。

 like you should want to experienced， know these spikes in the journey if you will。

 if you take a movie， these are the action sequences where know it's the crazy moments that you just reallyre like。

 wow， you can sit back like even me to delivering this video here， I'm like， man I'm so psyched。

 even tell these。😊，It's like these are the ones where I sit back and I'm thinking about， man。

 I've been through a lot。The main ones。 like， this is the glory you're in it for。 Okay。

 so be inspired and really want this for you。 be entertained。 Okay。

 some of these are just ridiculous。 is fuck， like so ridiculous。😊。

That's what makes them crazy and epic。And lastly， too， okay。

 I hope these really help reinforce that this is a silly game with serious rules。 Okay， it's like。

 yes， you have to be on top of your shit。 You have to take right action。

 It's the hardest thing you're ever going to do。 But while you're doing all that。

 you better be having fun。 Okay， and that there is an attitude， It's a mindset。

 you have to enjoy yourself。 if you're going out and you're just nonstop negative。

 just beating yourself up over penny bullshit。 You're not gonna last very long。 You know。

 you may think it'll help you。 But if this is way too serious。

 And there is really no joy in the process。😊，You're done。 Okay， so， yes， it's tough。

 And these stories here， you know， a lot of these are from difficult situations or difficult circumstances。

 But the mindset I had of just making this epic is is key。 You know， that's what makes them so good。

 Okay， so the the first glimpse， let's just say， And this is probably like my first epic story ever。

 at least in my mind， was in Switzerland。 Okay， this is still somewhat in the beginning of me going out。

😊，And， you know， I gone results， but it was， it was still very， you know， flat。

 It was me kind of just trying to survive， if you will， instead of thriving。 I was kind of surviving。

 practicing the basics and getting some girls here and there。 And I was like， yeah， you know。

 I'm getting pretty good。 And， you know， one night， I went out。 And， my buddy's like， dude。😊，Let's。

 let's get drunk tonight。 Okay， and I， I started off full silver。

 So I never really gained drunk before。 So I'm like， oh， oh， fuck， let's do it。 And we got to a club。

 and I have like two drinks。 I'm pretty much you know， gone。 And I walk up this girl。

 And I I pretty much just try instant kiss her。 like instant makeup。 Like， walk up like， a。

And like going for the kiss， and she's like， no， no， my friends。And I'm like， oh， it's fine。

 it's fine。 Try again。 She's like， no， no， my friends。 And I'm like， I fine here。 number。

 And and that was it just like a two minute interaction。

 like me trying to kiss her twice and getting her number。😊，The next day I text her， you know。

 I just text every number just habit I， I have。 So I'm likey， what's up， What are you doing tonight。

 And she's like。Oh my God。 That's you。 I can't believe you're so crazy tryinging to kiss me in front of all my friends。

 Like just loving it。 And I'm like， oh， cool。 let's， let's hang out tonight。 She's like， sure。 And。

 and I'm like， oh， that was fucking awesome。 You know， so I go out that night and you know。

 we planned to， to meet up around， I think it was like midnight or something。 And I'm like。

 you know what， F it， drunk night number  two。 You know。

 and I went out with the same bud I was out the night before。 and we start drinking。 Okay。

 and we really， really start drinking。 And I'm like。😊，You know what。 F it all out。

 And this is really where probably the alcohol influenced this a bit。 I'm like。

 I'm just gonna make this a crazy story and started off crazy。 And it's gonna end crazy。

 And I remember we were drinking the street。 because it's cheaper。 You know。

 we just buy like shitty vodka and like shitty red Bull and mix it。 It was， you know， don't do this。

 But it was horrible。 But anyway， it's drinking there。 And'm like， you know what， fuck it。

 And I pour some in my hair and like gel my hair with the vodka Red Bull。 And I'm just like。

 like so in the zone， like cranky music and shit。 And。And then we go to a bar。

 and we start pimping of it。 Mid hits。 She texts me。 She's like， hey， I'm like， oh I'm in this bar。

 She comes。 She's like， oh， I'm in front of my car。 It's my cool。 I'll be right down。

 And I'm like in so， I'm like such so much in the zone。'm like， like in my own little reality。

 if you will。 And I， I walk down。 and I pretty much。😊，Ge， I don't even know。 Like。

 I opened the door of the car and just sit down。 And I don't even remember checking if it was her or anything。

 It was like， just get in and thank God。 it was her。Super， super hot。 And I'm like， hey。

 what's up like in in the fuckings zone。 And I'm just like， drive， drive。 And she's like。

 where are we going。 I'm like， drive， left。 And somehow we end up in this little park with like a view of this city and and the lake。

 It was gorgeous and start making out and just fuck。 You know， it was like。

 literally within5 to 10 minutes of her picking her at me up from that bar sleeping with her。

 You know， And then I fucked her again later。 And turns out she was like engaged as well。

 And it just happened so fast and was so crazy。 And at least for me at the time。

 I was just like at the end of that night， I was like， holy。😊，You know。

 its like it wasn't just like a regular pull。 It was like， you know。

 because I guess of the influence of the alcohol just like， oh it was like for me。

 this was like a fucking crazy story。 So that that was the beginning of it。 And I'm like。

 you know what， this is probably like my favorite pick so far。 even though I had results before。

 And then I just got hooked on it。 know， its like I started assuming the results would come。

 And my whole focus was how can I make them as glorious as this。 Okay， now， of course。

 as we discussed and shift， cut out the booze， Okay。

 like this example here is not for you to be like， I'm gonna drink and quaff myself as well。

 Like fuck now， okay， like this is， you know， like 7 years ago，6 and half7 years ago。 you know。

 don't do that。 Okay， But anyway。😊，I I love this mindset。 You know， that was my focus。 Like。

 how can I make it epic。 And what's good about it， too。

 is it forces you to focus like fully on thriving。 You know， it's like you。

 you assume the results are there and your focus is。

 how can I just expand that and make even more out of it。 Okay， and I applied it to you know。

 things that were going well and situations where I difficult， You know。

 the circumstances were pretty difficult。 You know， for example， my logistics。

 If I wanted to make something happen in Switzerland was， you know， if I met a girl out in a club。😊。

I would have to bring her backse to my place to make something happen。

 I would have to know get her out of the club， walk to the train station。 And that's usually 10。

15 minute walk in the night， you know if it's cold as well as Switzerland like during the winter freezing cold。

 you're walking to the fucking train station。 And at that point of the night。

 the only people out are drug dealers。 So you have all the drug dealers in the street and they're all like Coke。

 Coke， Coke and that's all you hear。嗯。😊，You get through the train station， then you have to wait。

 hopefully for a train and sometimes I can take 30 to 45 minutes， even an hour。

 depending on what time of the night it is。Get a train to the next city。 says another 1015 minutes。

 And then you have to walk from that train to my place。 about 30 minutes through dark。

 deserted fields at night。 Okay， it's the scariest walk you'll ever do。

 And I remember pulling girls with this winds too。 So you's like， like so cold。

 walking through like pitch black fields。 Those were my logistics。 Now， again。

 you can view it as there's two ways of view in。 one's like gosh， shit， this is horrible。

 The other one is。😊，Man， if I make this work， like how epic is that shit， you know。

 to bring a girl through all that。 Like how cool of a story is that， How cool of a memory is that。

 How cool is it that I live that。 Okay， so that was my focus there。

 And I pulled many girls through those fields。 And although it could again。

 be viewed as an inconvenience thinking back now it was fucking awesome。 You know。

 it's like it was a cool challenge。 It was， it made shit interesting。 You know。

 if things are too easy， it's boring。 I did that in Switzerland， I did that in Los Angeles as well。😊。

During a period of time in Los Angeles， when I first moved here， I was so broke。

 I had to live in the ghetto。 Okay， and what I mean， ghetto， I mean， like， you know。

 literal ghetto where you know， there were bars on the windows gangs and shit。

 and I was just like living down there。 And I had the shitty car and to go out。

 I'd drive up to Hollywood， which was like a 20，25 minute drive longer if there's traffic。

So I drive all the way up park， go to my friend's place， and then we just all go out。

 And for me to pull because I lived way too fucking far。

 although I did pull some girls to the ghetto。 but most of my pools。

 I would just pull them to my friend's rooftop。Those were my logistics。 It was him and his roommate。

 they had two rooms， and there was the rooftop， and I could just。Basically， pulled to the rooftop。

 That was it。 So again， it could be viewed as an inconvenience。 You like。

 I got a pull through a rooftop。 And this isn't even a nice rooftop。 This is a you know。

 the rooftop is just pitch black gravel buildings around in trees around。 There's not even a view。

 I don't think there were any chairs， even。 it it's just shit。 Okay。

 And also because I was sometimes worried the manager would come up。

 not only would go to the rooftop。 I'd make them climb just like a couple like ledges。

 And then we'd be on top and it'd be like a smaller little bit of gravel。

 And that's right fuck girls。 it was like you'd lie down in the gravel。

 you'd like your nie it was just bad。So， again， could be viewed as an inconvenience。

 But when I think back now， those are the most epic stories。 You know， I'm like， after party。

 bring the girl。 like， hey， check out the rooftop and then show up。

 and there's no after party just the rooftop。 And you know， like pull tons of girls there。 tons。

 And this also would really reinforces like， you can say after party。

 But as long as you're clear in your intentions that if she knows what's gonna happen emotionally。

 not a single girl question wheres the after party。 not one。 you know， maybe one mention it。

 I'm like， oh， that's weird， they should be here anyway。 I guess there're already left。 Oh， well。

 no one's around。 you know， and sleep with them。 So， I mean， those situations where epic is shit。

 I remember once， actually， oh， here's another。 Here's more of a crazy one。😊，This is the only time。

 Okay， so all the girls， I'd pulled them to the rooftop。

 and this is the only time where my friend one night was out of town。 Okay， he was out of town。

 And you know， his roommate was there as buddy and me。 and we went out and we pulled two girls back。

😊，And he texts him。 he' like， I'm like hey， man I'm pulling girl back。 Is it cool if I use the bed。

 He's like， yeah， dude， use my room all good。 Just wash the sheets。 I'm like， fuck， yeah。

 So it was like my first time pulling knots of their graveled rooftop。 So I's so excited。

 Pull these girls back。 And his buddy actually's like， you know what。

 I'm gonna go experience a rooftop。 So he goes with the the friend of the girl to the rooftop。

 I go in the room。😊，We started sleeping together and halfway through， you know， I hear like a。

Like that。 And it's from the direction of the window。 And it kind of clicked to my mind like， oh。

 that's weird。 You know， the windows pretty close to the bed Anyway， keep fucking。

 And then I hear on the street below like that。 And I'm like。What and I look like。

 slowly look like dreading about what I'm about to see I'm like。

And the girl's leg like broke through the fucking window。

 It's like it was like one of those thin windows。 And like Li while fucking her her leg broke through。

 There's like a shard of glass in her foot。 There's blood trickling down。

 Im quickly trying to finish before it hits me。 That was my experience fucking in the room for the first time。

 That was insane。 actually gets graazier， too。 Like， so I finished fucking her。Blood everywhere。

 Like on the sheets too， the windows broken。 I'm like freaking out like oh， fuck。

 the guy is gonna kill me。 I text my buddy on the rooftop of their friend。 They come down。

 And then her friends's like the most helpful girl ever。 Her friends's like， oh。

 let me just take care of it。 She， she takes the shard of glass and she shit out。 She， you know。

 puts like。You know sport or something wraps it up in like toilet paper and bandais and shitd throws all the sheets in the wash。

 cleans everything up， gives us some cash for the window。 and， and just pretty much takes care of it。

 And I'm like， oh， this is awesome。 And the other girl with the thing in the leg， too。 I mean。

 the foot is all happy again。 And to make it even more epic or weird or gross， if you will。

 Once everything was cleaned up。 we decided to switch。😊。

And my buddy took the girl with the wrapped foot to the rooftop， fucked her。

 and then I fucked a friend who clean everything up as well。嗯。Random， but that。

 but that was more on the crazy side。 Actually， another crazy one。 what fucking， No。

 crazy epic stories。 Another one similar to thatca because that was kind of scary at this。 I'm like。

 oh， who should like the blood。 This is probably the most scary， crazy epic story I had。

 I was in Miami。😊，And I met this girl with her friend super， super hot。

 kind of like on the stripper side hot。And we chat for a while and they'm like， hey。

 let's go and try to pull。 And she's like， oh， no， no， no。I have to sit with my friend。

 So I get her number。 She like， I'll text to you later。 So my got cool whatever。 You know。

 I didn't think that much about it。Say out for another hour or so。 And then， you know， the nights。

's like 4，5 AM or something。 She， she texts me。 And she's like， hey， here's my address。 come over。

 It's like， whoa， I think it was like， yeah，4， 4 AM or so。 And I'm like， no shit。 And I look。

 and it's 30 minutes away。 So I'm like， God， damn。 I mean， I like habit it 30 minutes。 It's 4 AM。

like that。 And I'm like know what fuck。Adventure， know， it's really my mindset set too。 It's like。

 oh， fuck it。 It's like， even if nothing happens， even if I show up。

And let's just say she passes out or something。 It'll make a hell of a fucking story。 You know。

 I'm like fucking， let's go。 And so I take a cab all the way out and I arrive there and it's an apartment building。

 And there's the guy downstairs。 He's like， hey。So who are you here to see， I'm like， oh。

 it's apartment， whatever， she gave me the apartment。And and he， and he looks at it， he's like， okay。

 here to see Jacqueline or Stephen。And her name was Jackie。 I'm like。Stephen， Jackline is like， go。

 going up and I'm in the elevator。 And I'm thinking like， who the fuck is Stephen。

 And I was thinking maybe a roommate， this is kind of weird。 And is is the roommate gonna be there。

 And then I vaguely remember her mentioning something about like a boyfriend， but not to me。

 like to my buddy as I was talking to her friend。 I heard a boyfriend or something。 And I was like。

 maybe that's why she didn't want to leave in front of a friend。 Maybe she has a boyfriend。 Oh， fuck。

 What if I opened the door And the guy just punches me。 And I was like， So I'm like。

 I remember I was like， I knock fuck it I knocked。 And I'm like literally ready to like receive a punch as it opens。

And she opens the door。 She's in her little lingerie， and she just makes out of me。 I'm like， no。

 this could be good。 And I walk in， and I look around and there's dude stuff everywhere。

 And and I ask her Im like。😊，So you live here by yourself？She's like， no。

 I live here with my boyfriend。 like just blunt。 live her with my boyfriend。 I'm like， oh， okay。

 And as she walks it， we walk out to the balcony I'm like， oh， is he here。 Oh， no， no， no。

 he's working。 Don't worry。 Like， fine。 Yeah， he works all night。 He comes back in the morning。😊。

And this is when the sun's already starting to come up。 and I'm like。Oh really， yeah， and by。

 by judging， you know， by the girl， the the apartment。

I could tell like the dude is probably some like。Tugish pm mother fuckcker who just kill me basically。

 like literally kill me。 And I'm like， I guess I made be pretty， pretty pissed if you walked in now。

 I think I made some sort of joke like that。 And she's like oh， would do way worse than that。

 And I'm like， and I'm like， oh shit， like he would throw me off the balcony or something。

 So quickly， I remember pulling my phone out and texting oh and And I'm like， I texting the address。

 And I'm like， Jackie is her name。 I just Jackie in case something happens。 I'm like Jackie。

 is her name。 So like where I am or who kill me or whatever。 And that I fuck her。 And I'm like。

 remember like there was the scariest sex ever because I'm like sitting with her And I'm like。

 the guy could walk in any fucking second Like literally any second。

 And it's not like I can defend myself or just run off because I'm like inside of her。

 like my pantsor down。 I' I can't do shit。 So that there was insane。

 there were a bunch of other ones ins as well like1 I love is from the latest world suck。Okay。

 this is in。It was in August 2014。 So I was in Vegas。

 and this is like towards the end of the summerit。 Okay。

 there were like a few days left and we were out at the club excess。 Okay。

 this is in the Encore Hotel next to the wind。😊，And we bounce out and we go to the encore bar because usually。

 you know around a certain time of the night， people start leaving and whoever stand in the encore。

 they all either go to the bar or walk to the room， which is on the way。

 And I was staying in the enngcore with some buddies。

 So I'm hanging out some buddies We're at the bar is keeping an eye out for the girls walking by。And。

A guy who's at the summit comes up to me and he's like， hey， man， you know， I've been following your。

 your material since 2010。 You know， and I'm a huge fan。 I followed your journey。 It inspired me。

 I changed my life massively。 And we talked for five minutes。 And you know。

 I guess it's pretty emotional。 we hug at the end， et cetera。 And I'm like， thanks， man。

 I'll allow'll see you tomorrow。 You know， And right at that moment， two stunning Australian girls。😊。

walkalk by the bar and I tap my buddy off if we just jump in。 So it's me on one girl。

 my buddy on the other。And they're sitting in the enco as well。s like perfect。 You know。

 we're all walking towards the elevators to get to the room。And I thought it was me and one girl。

 my buddy and one girl。 And I turned。 and I saw that the guy who's been following me since 2010 also jumped in after。

 of course， on the， on my budd'ies girl。 And he's spewing obnoxious things。 you know。

 like hugging her and shit。 And the girl's kind of getting uncomfortable instead of just kind of going with the flow of things。

 So my girl， I see you' like looking back and looking， you know， a bit concerned。😊，And I'm like， oh。

 shit， I I'm gonna have to take care of this somehow。 And I bump into another friend of mine。 Okay。

 And I'm with him。 And I'm like， dude。 this， thiss gonna fuck up。 The guys like， you know。

 escalating too fast。 He's saying all this bullshit。 He's like， let me take care of it。

 And he walks to my girl and whisper something in her ear。 I shit。 What did he say。

 And we get towards the elevator。 And I see your sprint head towards the security guy and whisper something in his ear。

 So I'm like， oh my God。 And we all get in the elevator。 And right about like everyone gets in。

 And the guy who's been fo me since 2010 is the last guy to get in。

 And right when he's about to step in the elevator。 The security sprints up and grabbs him。

 And they're like， Sir， you are not allowed to be on this premise。 You have to go right now。

 You do not know this people。 You do not stay here， like yelling all the shit。 And he。

 and everyone's kind of like， what like shocked because the only people knew was happening was the girl I was with。

 And my buddy who I bumped into。 So everyone else is like all confused。 And he's like， no， no， no。

 it's fine。 I know Julian。 I know Julian， Julian。And stares at me。And everyone stares at me， too。

It here and here I have a choice。 Okay， it's like， I can be like， oh， yes， he's my friend and。

 and basically it would ruin the pool because the girl's like， what。

 your' friends with that guy who s all those in nooxious things。 and， it would ruin the poll。

 you know， I'm just I'm like。😊，I'm like impossible situation。 It's like， it is just。

 the guy's just like， Julian， he keeps repeating Julian， Julian， I'm just like。

And I remember I was like， just， it'll be over soon。 just turn your head away。

 So I'm like standing here， and I was like。Julien， Julien， is everyone silent staring at me。

 Julienne。 And then finally， the elevator doors is close。

It's like a horror scene from a movie or something youre just like w just over a like that。Now。

 it sounds very dickish。 Okay， I saw the guy the next day。 We're all good。

 It was just a hilarious instance that happened。 Just little wingman rule as well。

 If you're with your buddies and there's say two guys， two girls。

 don't jump in And in terms of pulling。 if everyone's already walking to the sex location。

 if you will。 You don't need to push things too far or escalate。 Okay， be smart about it。 But anyway。

 that was part one of the poles。 I'm in the elevator， I'm like， oh my God， like I'm not so bad。

 And we get upstairs， my buddy bounces off and then it's just me again。

 me and my girl and my other friend of the girl。😊，And we go into their room。

 So I'm like that perfect logistics。 Let's make it happen。 We walk in the room。 And once we get in。

 there's a guy in the room。😊，And I remember was like， my， like my bud was head with a girl。

 He looks back and he's like， what I'm like。It's weird and the guy's on his computer working。

 he's like， oh hey， guys。We're like， oh， a。A little confused。

 And the girls start pouring drinks in chip。 And the guy's like， oh， don't worry。

 I'm gonna go work out in a bit。 So we're like， oh， thank God。 you know， he knows what's up。

 He knows we're gonna fuck his friends。And the girl's like， oh， no， have a drink first。 You know。

 I play some music。 He's gonna be our DJ for the night。 and everyone laughs。

 And the guy pulls out the ironing board。😊，Pulls out out of his suitcase。

 a mixing table and starts actually Djing like like they weren't even joking around。

 He's so actually fucking Djing。 And where it's like。Oh， that's cool。 And， you know。

 we thought he'd it for like 5，10 minutes。 you know， just show us he can DJ。

 bounce to the gym and he just keeps dj。😊，Okay， and that's just5，10 minutes，30 to 45 minutes。

 he's still there Djing。 He's not even talking。 He's just Djing to me sitting on the bed with my girl and my buddy's sitting on the other bed with his girl。

And we're like， what the fuck。 And I'm texting him。 you know， we're communicating via phone。

 And I'm like， to we can't really tell him to get the fuck out because if he gets pissed。 You know。

 the girls are friends with him and they'll just tell us to leave。

 So we're like trying to find a solution after 45 minutes， I text him like， you know what， fuck it。

 escalate。 So I throw on the bed。 he throws his line down in his bed。 We start making out。

 And you know， the guy like changes the beat。 Its like like it was so weird。 You know， thinking back。

 he may have been really into it。 like some porn DJ or something。 I don't know。 Anyway。

 he changes the beat。 I'm making out。 And then we stop。 And she's like， wait a minute。And I'm like。

 what？ And I told her my name was Julian， and I told her I did personal development that specializes in dating advice。

 And it's like， wait a minute。Julian， dating advice。 Do you know。

 And she tells me the name of a buddy entrepreneur of mine。 a pretty fucking close friend。

 you know that guy， And I'm like， yeah， like totally thrown。 I'm like， what yeah how do you know him。

 And she pulls out her phone。 And she scrolls through like 20 to 30 pictures of them on dates on vacation like all these holidays on nice restaurants on the beach holding hands kissing。

 And it turns out it's one of the fucking girls he's dating。 And I'm like， what the fuck。

 I've seen this。 And she's like， that's crazy。 You know him， too， Let's Ftime him。 I'm like。

 no no like that。 a little bit of drama。 The fucking music changes。 little DJ's like all into it。

 was insane。 And I'm like， no， no， no， what then I grab my friend。 we just bounces to fuck out。

 But that was insane。 Like that was one of the weirdest pulls。She's， it's like the。

 the elevator shit， the DJ in the room， the fact that she's the dude's girlfriend。

The fuck case that was one Vegas story。 I got a few， actually， a few Vegas ones。 Another one was。

I pulled this girl back to her room。And her friend was there。 Okay， I didn't know。

 And her friends like was lying in the bed。 She went home early。 And she's like， oh， you know。

 I'm still here。 So I'm like， fuck。 So the friends's like， oh， don't worry。

 and just lies down in the bed， puts the pillow。 And I pull my girl in the bathroom。 Okay。

 so I'm like， well， these are the logistics。 And again， they can be viewed as an inconvenience。

 It's like， there's a friend in the bed。 You fuck your girl in the bathroom。

 So I start fucking in the bathroom。 like， you know what。What would be epic。 You know。

 what if I fuck her in front of her friend， You know， what if I even involve the friend。

 So I pull her out and I throw on the bed and start fucking her on the bed。 Okay。

 so the situation is， there's the bed here。Her friends lying here， like in her， you know， like。

 like underwear like pill over head。 So she doesn't hear us in the bathroom。

 So we lie down literally right next door， both fully naked。

 And I start fucking her and like trying to fuck her hard， trying to like， wake the friend up。

 basically。 So the friends's probably like in the pillow like。Here in the bed moving。 And I'm like。

 she's not waking up。 F or most likely just pretending something like this。

 And every once in so while try like， give her like a little nudge。 So she like wake the fuck up。

 And， and she still wouldn't。 So I'm like， God， damn it。 And I'm like， well， she's not， you know。

 that three，some things not gonna happen。Well， what would be more epic。 And that what I finish。

 I pull out， I turn， and I come over a friend's back。Again， what the fuck。 And I'm just。

Thinking back to this day now， she still lied down there and and didn't wake up。 But。

 but I'm fixicturing like， if she was pretending to sleep， she was under a pill， though。

 She hears us in the bathroom。 She hears us come out， Get on the bed。

 start like shaking the bed next to her。 Then shes we pull out。 and she feels like dropbs have come。

 hit her bear back。😊，Its again， how can I make it epic。 Okay， And these again， they're ridiculous。

 There's not much to take out of it less wise。 But you have to find ways to make game fun like this。

 You know， like fully thrive in the situation。 I could have just walked in the bathroom or I could have made it fucking awesome that way there。

 you know。😊，Some some other ones。 this was in Miami。 There was。

 you know I'd put up the garbage bags like blocked out all the windowsca we were working all night。

 So I'd sleep during the day。 So it was pitch black。

 And I remember pulling this girl like pulling this girl in another one back to these garbage bag rooms and always like what the fuck like you opened the door And it was garbage bags hanging from the front。

 you have to like move them to the side。 Like it was in a hotel and like I remember the maids didn't didn't even dare come in the room。

 So'd leave the towels in front of the door。 So Id pull her in the room。

 The room was completely trash。 There' was like a bit of steak on the nightstand with a plastic fork in it。

 And again， those could be just like， oh my logistics suck。 There's the garbage bag， the rooms trash。

 But in my mind， I'm like this is so epic。That's really how I fucking view it。

Be careful with this too。 Okay， be careful with the epic。 It's like be smart about it。

 don't let it get you in trouble。 One instance was there was this club promoter in Los Angeles back of the day and。

😊，He he loved me， and he got me into all these。All these really， really good clubs。 And， you know。

 I'd pick up girls every once a while I'd throw a girl at him。

 And there was one girl I threw at him one night， and she texted me the next day。 super stunning。

 And I'm like， you know what， I'll see her。 F it。And I see her and we got for a drink， chat。

 it goes well and that was that and we make future plans。He then texts me he like， hey， man。

 So I heard you hung out with her， like kind of insecure of a text。 I oh， yeah， why， He's like， he。

 you know， she blew me in the bathroom。I'm like， oh， cool like that。

 And I didn't really think anything of it。 And then I invite around another night。😊，And。We're there。

 And we're chatting。 And， and I mentioned this to her。 And again， for me， it was just like。

 I wonder where it'll happen。 Like create little dramas know。

 I just wanted something interesting to happen。 So I tell her and she's like， what the fuck， fuck no。

 I never do that。 I God， okay， and we go out and I take her to the club。 He's promoting that again。

This is me young immature a long time ago， but very stupid。 So I take her the club and we're there。

And he comes up and he's like， oh so so you're with her， I'm like， yeah， he's like， listen man。

 I guess that's cool， okay， but just don't tell her I told you that she blew me。And I'm like。

 shit too late。 And right at that moment， she runs up， grabs him and like slams him against the wall。

 And she， she's like screaming like， how dare you say this shit， like， full freak out。

 And he's like a hi promoter。 So all of the the other girls in the club are looking like what the fuck。

 And he's like， like gone in that just yankker out， Poer and fucker。Needless to say。

 this created a lot of drama。 And he hated me。 He hated me。 He was also but with oh。 so he text。

 he's like， what the fuck is at do do do。 And I'm like， gosh， shit， I better make it right。

 But then the way my mind works。 I'm like， well， what if I make it more epicca I was in touch。

 I was friend I。I was in touch via phone with his best female friend。 like， w。

But if I make it more a pickic， and I invite her out and fuck his female friend。

 like his best friend that day after。 So I fucked the girl he really liked that。

 Fed his female friend and。After that， proceeded to fuck two more girls。 he had crushes on。

 like every time I had to crush on a girl， I just pull her and like parade her in front of him。

There was， it was very like， I don't know。 Like immature， like the ego boost type of shit。

 And he could have gone me banned from all these clubs。 You know， thank God he didn't。

 And we're totally cool now。 But be aware of that。 Okay， be careful。You know。

 don't let this get you in trouble。 But but that was， you know those are glorious times。

 I don't know why I did that。 I did that to the singer of Psm 41 as well。

 where every time I see out with a girl， I' just like snatch her from him。

 And I would always just push the obnoxiousness。 Like just yelling her down。

 See her get attract him and just shove him in his head， you know。

 especially with celebs they're not used to anyone doing that because most people just supplicate to them it's like just pull pull。

 pull。😊，嗯。You know， and and overall， too， I mean， I guess I'll just leave you a couple more。

 like the there's these crazy epic ones， Too， But there's also the more beautiful epic ones。

 And this year is， if I think back to， I'd say probably like my favorite night out ever。

 even though nothing really spectacular happened。 this probably my favorite night of all time。

 it was in New York on a Sunday night after weekend of boot camp。 And I go。 two friends of mine。

 And one of them invites another guy in two girls。 Okay， and one's the stunning Italian girl。😊，嗯。

Who is recently single。 And he's like， I can hit on her all good。 It's like awesome。

 So we start flirting in shed。 We got to the first bar。

 And there's this other really hot blonde girl who's， you know， just at the bar with our friends。

 So I roll up， open them， crack， you， merge everyone together。 Everyone's chatting shed。

 really get the blondnot attracted to me。 jealousaly plot line with the Italian and blonde girl。

 get the blonde girl number， hey， we're going to this other bar。 meet us there。

 We bounce out back on the Italian。 Go to the next bar。😊，And in there， same thing， open another girl。

 And this girl was like。So amazing。 like so hot， so amazing。 Anyway， Pull her in。

 start chatting tell her like， oh， save me from this， you know， other girl。

 And it's like this hot Italian。 And she's like， oh， okay， you know， chat a bit。 Take her outside。

 We start talking as we're outside。 The other blonde one from the previous bar walks by。 She's like。

 hey， like hugs me runs in。 I like massively social proof， if you will。😊，And we start talking。

 And then I was she's like， hey， so do you know summit series Ca， because I told her I was like。

 pretty much what I did。 And she's I'm like， yeah， what the fuck。 How do you know that。

 And she's like， you know， friends with the， the founders as well。 She's like。In that scene。

 like masking into like self help but entrepreneur self。 Im like whole shit like smartest shit。

 And and we really， really， really get along。 like， this is awesome， you know， so。😊，Go back in。

 get the Italian girls's number。And throw my buddy on the， the sum series girl's friend。

 and we pull him out。 We go to his place， get in the room with my girl。 And I'm about to fuck her。

 and then I get a text from a friend and her friendss like， hey。

 there's not much chemistry with this guy， let's go。 So I'm like God fuck， fuck， fuck。

 But instead of just like， you know， saying， oh， well， goodbye， I find a way And I'm like， hey。

 you know what my hotels on the way。 can drop me off。 get in the the cab with them。

 And pretty much stay into their place。 Sorry I' at their place。 And it's this。Massive。

Like mansion apartment overlooking Central Park， like not an apartment， a mansion apartment。

 That's pretty much like a whole floor of a hotel type thing。 And I'm like， holy fuck。

 And I pull my girl in a room。 And there's like the， the window of literally all of Central Park。

 And I'm like fucking just looking over Central Park is。I don't know again。

 it wasn't super spectacular， but it was just glorious。 the next day I flew out to Miami。

And I was on a fucking high， I was like， oh， like this awesome。So I don't know。 I mean， here。

 here are a few， again of those instances where I think back。 and I'm like， God， this is， you know。

 really glorious。 Again， be， be inspired by this like。😊，Again， I come from Switzerland。

 small town 650 people here I'm fucking a girl like overlooking Central Park and a fucking penthouse mansion apartment。

 getting into all these crazy situations。 So be inspired。 be entertain， find。

 find ways to entertain yourself， find ways to thrive when you're out， know。

 if something's going well， how can you make it better without getting yourself in trouble if if things seem difficult。

 just try to view it as some cool story。 you will tell in the future。 know， things are difficult。

 That's what makes it epic。 if things were easy and boring one， there'd be nothing to overcome。

 there'd be no reason to step it up and two， it'd be some plain， flat story。 Okay。

 and these here are the stories you remember， trust me。 the polls that you think you want like， oh。

 I just wish everything was smooth。 and I could just get the girl。

 those are boring and you'll forget them。 like literally， I forgotten so many polls。

 I forgotten so many girls except with literally， you do。

 but you don't forget these epic stories here。 and this is what you fucking live for。Okay。

 so I hope you enjoyed this and go fucking make your own。

