# 01、朱利安《转变》：06.生活方式：23.管理关系【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， inevitably， after following everything that we just talked about here to the fucking letter。

 you're gonna start getting actual results with women and a lot of them。

 and although this is awesome， this is something that can fucking hold you back。

 if you don't know how to compartmentalize them and manage them all。 So the first thing I'd say here。

 is that if you're new to all of this。 or if you've never truly committed to this before。 know。

 in terms of actually going all out the right way going out daily for at least 30 minutes and just really pushing past your maximum effort。

 I'd recommend not getting into a serious long termm relationship for at least six months to a year。

 really give this time。 know， six months to a year。

 just going all out and seeing what you can actually achieve instead of just settling for the first girl that you end up sleeping with because this will happen。

 especially after life programs， you know， have clients come out for like three days， we go out。

 get a ton of work done and two weeks later， they sleep with a girl and they make her， know。

🎼Their girlfriend。 And they spend two years， let's just say with that girl。

 And after a while they break up。 And they didn't really make any internal changes during that time。

 And， of course， they come back on program and just wash and repeat the fucking process。

 It's awesome for business bad for you。 Okay， if you're gonna go all out。

 at least give this fucking six months to a year first。 Okay。

 you can still have casual relationships along the way。

 but just don't settle down with the first goal you sleep with and make sure you're still going out at least 30 minutes a fucking day。

 Now， in terms of compartmentalizing your relationships， I'd say there are three main categories。

 the first one is long termm relationships。 Okay， and these are usually very serious where she's your girlfriend。

The second are shortterm relationships， and these can occasionally turn into long-term relationships。

 But you know， more often than not， they're just very casual。

 usually open relationships where she's your fuck buddy fuck friend or friend with benefits。

 And the third one is one night stands where you just here her for a fucking night。

 and it's up to you to learn based on your own preferences and circumstances。

 which women fit into which category And from there。

 frame the relationship the right way in order to manage expectations。

 So both parties know what's up。Now， realize that no matter what type of relationship you're looking for。

 all relationships start with sex。 that's the start of the relationship。

 And that's what you should be aiming for。 Okay， pretty much sleeping with her as soon as fucking possible and I don't care what type of relationship you're really looking for。

 It could be a lifelong partner it could be the future mother of your children。

 sleep with her as soon as fucking possible。 okay， snap out of the whole socially conditioned way of thinking in terms of courting her for months on end。

 taking her out to nice expensive restaurants， Just snap out of that。 you don't need to do that。

 just be a guy of value。 a guy who knows what he wants who goes for what he wants。

 and realize that that's what she wants to she doesn't want some guy to just take her out to fucking meal after meal and court her。

 she wants to meet that guy And if you're that guy she will sleep with you fucking fast on top of that as well。

 realize that a girl sleeping with you is just a huge form of investment。

It's probably the biggest form of investment because what is she， you know。

 unquote risking9 months of being fucking pregnant。 she's risking having your child。 She's like。

 oh my God， is this guy worthy， have enough value that if I have a kid， my kid will have value。

 she may not consciously be thinking this。 But you know， it's hardwired somewhere fucking biology。

 And if she agrees to sleep with you， I mean， from there it's just pretty fucking easy to transition into whatever type of relationship you want。

 So let's start with the first category， long termm relationships。 how do you transition into that。

 these are actually， usually the easiest ones to transition into know。

 all you have to basically do is sleep with her and take her out to dinner。

 take her out for like a nice steak。 and she's pretty much your girlfriend。

's as easy as that sex and steak。 and she's your girlfriend。 She already slept with you。

 she's already invested massively， why wouldn't she want to fucking date you after that now some girls are just not looking for。

Relationships and they won't be down。 But for the most part， they'll fully be open to it。 Okay。

 on top of that， you have social conditioning on your side as well， where what does society say。

 They say that， you know， if you're a girl and you sleep with a guy and you don't love him。

 you're a slut。Okay， so if the girl sleeps with you and there's a possibility of a relationship。

 It's a lot easy for her to not feel like a slut。 She's like， well， look， we're in a relationship。

 So I love him。 So I'm not a slut， and it helps with the rationalizations。 Okay。

 so these are the easiest sex， nice fucking dinner。Done Now， if you have trouble with this。

 it's usually for two reasons。 Okay， one， you mismanaged expectations。 Okay。

 what does that mean if during the initial interaction， you're just very lighthearted， carefree fun。

 you know， you're pretty much the lover all the way through。 you know， in like。

 sex is just not a big deal。 And right after sleeping with her。 You're like， so， you know。

 do you want to be serious。 You want to go out for dinner。

 she didn't expect that because the whole frame was just fun， fun， fun， Not a big deal。Okay。

 you mismanage the expectations。 What I'll usually do is if I'm talking to a girl。 And after a while。

 like I realize she's really cool， we have nice chemistry and she's girlfriend material。

 I'm gonna start， you know， just throwing in little glimpses of being a little bit more serious of being more of a provider if you will。

 So for example， I'll be like fun， fun， fun fun。 And I'll tell her like you know what。

 you're actually really cool。 We should hang out sometime。 we should go for coffee sometime。

 You know it'd be cool to hang out more than just in this nightclub type of environment for example。

 just start planning those seeds。 So she starts thinking about it。 She's like， oh you know what。

 we do get along and she starts know picturing you guys in the future in a more serious type of situation versus just fun。

 fun， fun in the night sex。 so be sure to manage expectations And the second reason is just because the sex wasn't that fucking good。

 Now this here， if that happens， it's usually for two reasons as well。

 either you never sleep with any girl。 So you just suck or you only have。😊。

One night stands and you suck as well because you don't really know what's good and what's not。

 you don't really know how to form emotional connections。 You just fuck a girl a night。

 Okay so my recommendation to you here if that's the problem is start seeing a girl more than once if you're a never sleeps with girls。

 whatever girl you sleep with know the ones， even if they're not that attractive。

 there is gonna be one that's gonna stick around sleep with her more than once。

 just start getting a feel for what good sex is and if you're a guy who only has one night stands。

 I recommend you do the same fucking thing usually again， it won't be the most attractive ones。

 if you're not that good in the beginning， but just start getting a feel for sex you can also look up things like how to make a girl squirt if you just really suck because it is important that that first time you guys sleep together。

 the sex is good and it sets the right frame for the rest of the relationship for example。

 if the sex is just very white vanilla。 it'll be hard to transition out of that。

 know the next few times you sleep together。 if you're just like missionary position。

And they're like， so do you want to do something kinky now， It's a little weird。

 Do the kinky shit from the start。 So that frame is set。 Another thing you can do。

 And this really depends on the girl。 usually I'll do with like just really。

 really gorgeous women is don't let them sleep over the first night if you sense that they're not really reeled in yet and it might have just been like just sex for them don't let them sleep over most really。

 really gorgeous women have never know really been quote unquote kicked out before and by you just saying not in a mean way listen。

 no sleepovers I have to wake up early tomorrow， which is something like that and making them leave is that little extra push that you need for them to want to come back and be like oh my God。

 who the fuck this guy pushing me out what And and then they'll see you again after that so that's one thing you can do But for most girls you can let them sleep over And then from there just really bring them into your world。

 don't restructure your day for example， if you let。Gir sleep over the next day。

 Don't restructure your day。 according to her。 Bring her into your reality。

 Show her who you are on a bigger scale。 You know， just go about your day the way you usually would。

 if you're gonna do the fucking laundry， go do the fucking laundry and just have her tag along。

 she wants to know who you are。 She's like， oh my God， who the fucks this awesome guy。 I slept with。

 Show her。 And another thing too is don't bring it up verbally either don't be like so are we boyfriend and girlfriend now。

 or do you want to be my girlfriend， always let your actions dictate the frame of the relationship not your words usually I'll wait for them to bring it up like so are we boyfriend girlfriend because usually it's expected。

 know if you take out to a restaurant， then you go on date start hanging out。

 you start getting more and more romantic the actions pretty much set the frame and then you just confirm verbally like。

 yeah， boyfriend， girlfriend。 We're in a relationship done。 now be careful， though。

 because once you set the long termm relationship frame。 It's tough to。You know。

 take it back and turn it to something more casual。 you can always make things more serious。

 but very rarely， can you make it more casual。 if you're like， hey。

 so we're a boyfriend girlfriend now and you set those expectations。 And then after a while you're。

 actually you know what， let's just be fuck friends。 She's not gonna be fucking down。

 so just be very aware of that， be sure that it's a girl you really like if you're placing her in that category And this also applies to how much you know time you spend together and how often you text her if you start hanging out every single day with her those are now the expectations。

 And it's tough to take that back。 know， suddenly you start hanging out twice a week or three times a week。

 she's gonna to be like what the fuck， why are we not hanging out every day？

 if you start texting her every day， she's also going be like，y why why do you stop texting me。

 what's wrong？ so be very， very aware of that， because that can massively hold you back if you fuck it up？

 Now there is a way， however， go from serious to less serious， however， in my experience。

 the only way to really do that is to。Bre up with her and then get back together and establish a new。

 less serious frame。 Okay， so be very careful。 now， depending on the girl as well。

 and you'll be surprised how many girls will be open to this。

 you can frame it where she's not just a girlfriend， but she's now your wing woman。 Okay。

 she's your girlfriend who goes out with you to pick up other girls。 Okay。

 and you can now have threesomes with her。 And the way you do this is， again。

 set the frame from the very start， always set the frame from the start。

 And the way you do it is you sleep with her。 And then on the first date。

Immediately on the first aid instead of steak， take her out to a club and start picking up other girls。

Just very unapologetically， just very like this is normal， just like， hey， what's？ Yeah。

 we're meeting new people。 This is what's up。 Okay now some girls are not gonna to be okay with it。

 but you'll be surprised how many are。 and the way you frame it there too if she ask you like well wait a minute。

 Like what is this frame it like this。 you keep the potential of being exclusive with her alive in the future。

 But right now you guys are gonna pick up other girls for your relationship。

 so what I'll usually say is listen， you know I really。

 really like you and I want to be exclusive with you in the future。

 know I see us being together know getting married， having kids， etc。 etc ce。

 Like just you paint the picture。 However， right now。

 for us to really get to know each other on a deeper level。

 we should go out and experience ourselves with different women。

 now it's not about the women I don't really care about them。 I really like you。

 but we just get to know each other on another level。🎼Sleeping with all these different women。 Okay。

 so again， the potential of love is alive in the future。 But right now。

 you're doing this for the both of you。 Now， the next one is short termm relationships。 Okay。

 and with this category here， you want to be more of the lover in the initial interaction。

 No provider at all。 Okay， it's all fun。 It's all lighthearted。 if you start getting very serious。

 like oh， you know， we should hang out you know， role playing where like boyfriend girlfriend。

 she's gonna start expecting that。 And right after sex。 if you're like， so let's be casual。

 you mismanage the expectations， she won't be okay with that。 Okay。

 so make sure it's very lighthearted， very， very fun。 and the same with you know， the first category。

 let your actions set the frame of that relationship。 So what does that mean， you sleep with her。

 And then after that， do not take her out for steak。 Okay， don't take her out to a nice restaurant。

 only see her one time a week， maybe two times a week Max， And every time you see her。

 See her for drinks。😊，And sex。 Okay， don't take her out to dinner。 Don't take her routes on dates。

 Don't meet her friends。 Don't let her meet your friends。 Don't really hang out during the day。

 Always drinks and sex。 Now， this sounds a little harsh。 Like， oh my God。 what the fuck。

 But this is how you manage the expectations。 If you start going out on dates。

 If you start hanging out with her friends， she starts hanging out with your friends and it gets very serious。

 she's gonna start wanting more and she won't be okay with this。 Okay。

 you mismanage the expectations。 on top of that， too。 If you start meeting her friends。

 Her friends going be like， oh， well， who's this guy。 And she's not gonna to tell her friends， Oh。

 we're just fuck buddies， or she's gonna to feel dealidated So she's gonna to be forced to be like。

 oh， he's this guy， I'm dating And I guess we're somewhat serious and you fuck up as well。

Okay on that note too， if you're ever out in public， try to not do that much， you know PD。

 don't get that sexual， just keep things very casual light and always drinks and fucking sex。

 you can say some stuff if you want to reinforce it。

 know sometimes I'll just be like hey know I just got out of a serious relationship。

 I'm not really ready yet for another one or I don't really know what I want right now。

 I'm kind of figuring myself out that'll help just really again manage those expectations and basically just keep doing this and they may bring it up after a while they may be like so what are we but make sure you wait for her to bring it up and similar to with the first category in terms of framing it where she goes out to pick up other girls with you frame it the same way here。

 the potential of love is alive in the future。 but right now you can't be together for the both of you so what I'll usually say。

 if she's like so what are we Like is this going somewhere。 I'll usually tell like hey， listen。

 I really like。Q。And I do see us being together。 There's a possibility in the future。 But right now。

 I don't feel like I'm ready yet。 And I don't want to rush things。 You know。

 you should never really rush love。 should you， you know。

 it's like I really want to it would feel forced And right now。

 I still need to explore who I am by going out know interacting with these other women sleeping with these other women。

 to just really get this out of my system。 And even though I really like you if I jumped in a relationship now。

 I feel like I'll always regret it。 And you know I don't want there to be like need breakups know down the line。

 So let me just do this now for us so that we can be together in the future。

 so you make it relatable that way。 and I'll usually never lie。 like most guys are like， oh no。

 only seen you， even though it's an open relationship just tell her the truth。 but frame it this way。

 So she'll be okay with it。 also don't call it fuck buddies。 to make it relatable。

 just call it a relationship in progress。 Okay no girls is gonna be down to be a fuck buddy。 but。

G will be okay with being in a relationship in fucking progress。 And oh， last thing as well。

 don't talk about the other girls that you see。 Okay， even though she's okay with it。

 don't rub it in a fucking face。 like yeah， I was seeing this other girl。 I fuck this other girl。

 even if she tells you， you can tell me anything。 I don't get jealous。

 every fucking girl gets jealous。 And the last category。 one night stands。 I mean。

 those are just pretty fucking standard。 just make sure you're extremely extremely fun and lighthearted and you make sure that she knows it's a fucking one night stand。

 Okay it's all just like fun in the moment。 and you're just having sex as a climax of that buildup a fucking fun。

 don't talk about any plans of hanging out in the future or anything like that。 Just be like yeah。

 this is so fun。 my God， I like you so much And we're just doing this to cement an awesome experience。

 Okay so be very aware of these three categories。 manage the expectations。 or again。

 it's going to hold you back。 there's tons of chaos and bullshit and。

And lastly to the best way to just really you know stay in touch with all of them is through fucking Facebook Okay if you don't want to waste time texting every fucking girl because it's overwhelming a shit just add them all to your fucking Facebook and just post on there。

 share part of your life post cool pictures， cool updates and they'll get their little fix if you will of you just through that Okay so you can use it to just mass。

 text them in mass keep in touch Okay so keep this in mind manage your fucking relationships。

