# 01、朱利安《转变》：0.Bonuses：Infields：Infield 5 - Night Chill Game (That Anybody Can Do)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is Julian and welcome to the fifth infield Bak Night chill game。 Okay。

 and what you're gonna see in this video here is me in Montreal。 Okay。

 this is approaching the end of the night。 know， shortly before closing time。

 And I'm walking down the street and there's this outside area of a club where there's， you know。

 the girl。 And one of my friends is in there kind of talking to her and her friends and I swoop in and join in。

 and you'll see me open here and you know， one of the things that I find funny is I was mocking the stereotypes。

 So here in Montreal everyone seeks French and I speak French myself。

 but I kind of exaggerate the French accent to match Montreal。 And I open with know。

 my name is Gaston or something like that。 as always was like succer into your fun and。😊。

You'll see me open her and we'll break it down from there， okay， so enjoy。Ha， haul， haul gas on。Oh。

 seriously， I'm from。 That's what we call the prairies， by the way。 Did you grow up on a little girl。

 I'm from Saskatchew。 Regina keep looking at it's too early for me to be going down Here I am on my period trying to be on nice out。

 I know。 Nice to be。 I'm actually not from Canada。 I'm sorry。😊，Okay， so what just happened there。

 Okay， I go in。 I'm like， oh， you know， my name is Caston like， fun， fun， fun， fun， Fun。

 And I go in pretty strong。 Okay， it's a lot of pressure。 And you can sense， you know。

 the girl's okay with it at first。 But then you sense a little bit of tenseness。 You know。

 she's kind of like， like I'm， I'm touching her shoulder。 She's like， you know。

 like that reaction there。 And I keep pushing it。 And then at some point， she's like。

 you're freaking me out now。😊，OkayNow， when you get that， okay。

 it doesn't mean the interaction is over， it just means you put way too much pressure on。

 you need to take a step back， take some pressure off and calibrate after the fact。 Okay。

 and this really depends on the girl you're interacting with。 You know。

 there's some you go in fun and they just love it。There are some where yeah。

 you have to slow it down and make it more relatable。 Okay， and this is what I do here。

 As soon as she's like， you're freaking me out。 now， I immediately back off。

 now I make it seem casual。 I'm not like， I'm like， oh， yeah。 So anyway， I keep it going。

 but I definitely slow it down。 Take a step back and I'm like， you know， I'm not from Saskatchewan。

 I I'm sorry。 You know， somewhat of a statement of empathy， if you will。 just to show that， you know。

 I have social intuition。 It's all good。 I you need to give her time for her emotions to do。

 You know what they need to do。 And。This is the cool thing with this video here is unlike some of the previous ones。

 where I'm going in and I'm really just doing my thing。 This 1 I am slowing it down。

 And what you'll notice is that although， again， it's inspiring and you can you know。

 really illustrate concepts by say， self amusing massively or going in strong。

 the baseline or the bare minimum， if you will， is this right here。 Okay， an understanding that。

 you won't be doing， say the self amusement or the going in strong from a place of。

 I have to do this。 But a place of， this is good enough， And I can do that if I want to。

 And then it just comes from， you know， a place of just pure expression and fun and zero outcome attached。

 Okay， so understanding this and even seen it will take a lot of the pressure off in your interactions。

 if you're someone who's used to going in。😊，Extremely you know like intensely and you've just gotten you know addicted to doing that。

 try slowing it down， you know see where the line is of just good enough and your results will skyrocket from there okay so I sew it down here and you'll see me just kind of you know switch gears if you will。

4월。I'm 34， shes my daughter。Okay。So do I say here， You know， she's， I'm like， I'm18 as well。

 you know， And then she's like， are you like， of course， I'm not。 And then just to fuck around a bit。

 I' like， I， I'm 34， actually， my daughter， Josephine is in there and he'll see me throughout the interaction。

 kind of call back to this here。 this is something that I genuinely find funny and understand this too when you slow it down。

 Okay， this is way slower than the other videos。 But it's not to the point where you know。

 guys confused it。 So like slow it down means being extremely boring。 They're like。

' slowing it down It's like now you set have to keep it engaging。 Okay。

 she says to be like focused on you versus all the other shiny objects around her。18。 nice to me。

You don't speak French there now。🎼小同靴。F， my friends is from Toronto。

 if that's any idea have you ever been to America America like States George Bush。We free Iraq。

 no big deal you're welcome on fall 2012 Well I grew up in Switzerland so I'm a little French but I live in America。

And I've never been to retireina。 sorry because my mom's American。

 So I grow speaking from the French， Switzerland， Jean。

 I grew up speaking in French with my dad and of my mom。

It is's the adventure where are you guys doing in fucking the Montrealreal？Oh he's serious。

 so Nova Sc is pretty fucking so you speak French？😊。

Can you say tabab about neck with the real accent？Oh It's like the ghet my friend from New York say Now。

 one thing to notice here too， is notice how I go in and I open my target or main girl， if you will。

 And I'm not just focused on her。 It's like I'm talking to her the most。

 and you can sense the vibe that it's clear that she's the one that I like。 However。

 also be aware of how I'm jumping in between her， my friends her friends kind everywhere。

 it's not you and the girl and you ignore the friend all the time like that。😊。

English speak right It she turned 18 She looks quite for an 18 year old， but you look a lot older。😊。

Don't mock my daughter。 You make a great friend of her。 She's actually inside her birthday。

 She's kind of sluty but girl Okay， so notice here too。 we kind of have this inside joke now。

 I'm like yeah， she's 18。 She looks a little bit more mature。 And she's like， well， he's 34。 Okay。

 it's like're kind of both fucking around。 And this is what you call， you know。

 in a more technical side， a conspiracy theory。 know， we're like， we're both in on this。

 And we're telling her friends this bullshit， if you will。

 So it' kind of reinforces togetherness or comfort。😊，the girl。 she takes after her mother， you know。

Yeah， I'm waiting on Josephsie， she's in there， my daughter， she just turned 18 Yeah she have 34。

 I live in LA， so it's like some plastic surgery， Josephine， Josephine， Josephine。So you a in there。

 chubby。 she has like a few rolls。 about it。 So， what was your What was friend。 was he freaking wait。

 what was already What are you doing tomorrow do you recommend be do you recommend venue Friday wise I'm here for the。

 Im。😊，When I usually come， I usually go to wood。It's a ghettoNo。

 it's like better than this is like a hole in the wall have you ever been？

🎼I was on I was at apartment 200。 if you know what that is why are you on the French。

 it' there's like good French。 And then there's Quebec。 I love the  Quebe love Quebe。

 Well it's like it's more like for entertainment purposes。 It's like I'm here。

 And I'm so used English。 it's like English English And then I hear like。😊。

And it's like little trolls like on the prairie， so it's like it's quite entertaining so and I've been practicing my kidbi and I find it makes me quite masculine and sexy work yeah。

Why why are you here， you grew up here？So you up on a farmt Do you have a brother older。

 younger sister are your parents support。Very。No， why would you say that That is forward of me。 Yeah。

 I have a younger brother。 Why it's like interrogation girl。 So you go to high school。

 Do watch movie high school musical Do you love it。

 I love it I dot is private private conversation we're having a moment。

 We're having a serious conversation So she knows I'm a very serious person And this is what 18 old talk about high school fucking musical can't be 18 and be in high in Canada。

In Switzerland that's like last year of 17184 I have a kid fucking Josephine and God damn it。

Despite like fucking making awesomes pretty bad。She's a fruit sp。

 she's wild like that all she does is just smoke pot all day she has no aspirations in life people do Switzerland people's life。

Yeah， it's really bad And that's all she does。 like people make fun of her for weight。

 So that's all she has just the drugs。 my ex wife used to mock her too。

 like you little bun come here your little bun。 she's like she cries she smoke be as hungry Do mocking my daughter。

Okay， so again， be very aware of the dynamic。Notice how I talk to the group a bit。

 then I bounce her off to the side。 Okay I'm maximizing the one on one。 Okay， you have to do that。

 create togetherness。 then I reunite， separate， reunite， separate。 And here when I reunite。

 you can also tell you know that the girls say getting attracted and a little bit more than the friends by just how she reacts。

 I tell the joke， All the friends gig and she's like like you know almost falling to the floor。

 She has that heightened you know spike of emotions， if you will。 And even when I do that。

 I'm saying the joke to everyone。 then I'm turning it to her。 why are you mocking her。

 Okay keep that， you know one on one dynamic going。Well， I'm sorry， how do you say in white women。

 How do you say。I want to hear the accents like I was actually in Winnipeg last week。

I live in America I'm from the French part。 there's three languages French German the one I have is La。

😊，Be are to are la。Why。Even there， what's the dynamic。 I'm grounded。 I'm centered。 Okay。

 am I doing much， Sa versus some of the previous videos， Of course not， but I'm doing it right。 Okay。

 I'm still grounded。 I'm still self amusing not to an such an extreme level， but I am。

 I'm still doing my own thing and slowly， but surely。

 they're getting sucked in and they're all reacting to me。 If you look at it here。

 I'm the center and they're like， oh my God， no Sir， Oh my God，s Switzerlandly in this guy。

 and they're all getting sucked in。 And what's interesting to this one， too。

 is I'm not even in the club。 You know， if you look at it， there's a fence。

 there's a barrier between me and all these girls。 yet， you don't notice it。

 And everyone forgetsca they're just so captivated by this vibe。😊，🎼I'm like a school trip。

 That was right。And unfortunately here， you can't really see it because there's the black bars。

 but the main girl's eyes are just like。Like just staring as I lean it and out。

 like in just sense like you， if you ever heard the anime eyes， like like you know， Bambi eyes。

 that's what's happening here， Okay， extremely attracted by just me being me Oh my God。

I remember my school trip 16 years ago。's chubby know the girl on the couch guy't mock her。

 she's a free spirited woman。does I give her condoms every night。 so you know。

 she fuck that I don't want any because I'm so secure I boys I try to going Can you not get in was kid。

 Im too and I don't want to be in the same club as my daughter。 No， I was I was at the other club。

 The apartment 200。😊，You grab me as I want by。I don't think okay。You're like， wow。

 you're my dream guy。 Look at other fucking。Look at guy look at that guy guys。That。

your f with Wait hows your friends in New York， I'll give you the truth。I was born in Switzerland。

 I moved to Los Angeles four and a half years ago。 I'm actually 25。

 and I've been traveling around for the past few years。 So that's I'm here， but no。😊，you did。

 you did。But I always wish I had like a little pet， like a little chuby little kid。

A pet or a like a like a。 actually， you know what I would do if I didn have a kid， I would。

It's fucked up but like as a social experiment what I was dreaming doing is say you have a girl and like you raise her as a boy it's like till wet age is she gonna realize she's a girl like you call him like Tim and you're like Tim。

 you're a good boy Tim， you're a good boy it's like what is she gonna realize like seven There's a horror movie like that what time is this space closed by the way？

F going in there， come for routineoutin next door。Okay， so what do I do here。

 I'm basically kind of sussing out， you know how to make this happen。 Okay。

 we already covered this in the beginning。 it's you going in， fucking around， building the fun。

 you know， building that connection here， it's clear， it's on。 You have to start thinking， okay。

 how can I make this happen Okay， so ask what time does the club pose3。 and that's in like。

I don't know， like 10 15 minutes or something like that， 15 minutes， I'd say。And I'm like， okay。

And I'm like， well， you know what it come for a Putoutin， which is this Montreal dish。

 It's like extremely unhealy， like all these fries and cheese and stuff。

 But why am I saying that just as an excuse to get her out because there's a putoutin place literally next door to this club。

said no there's no after party three， everything's done here。🎼ThatThat's sad。 are you a fan of Put。

Now， notice， too， they don't immediately grasp onto it。 And that's fine。 Okay。

 what a lot of guys do with logistics， like， oh， Putin or after party。

 and they just hang on to after party after party。 Putin， here， I'm totally fine。 I'm like， oh。

 Putin， they change a topic。 They're like， oh， you know everything closes。

 I' so there's no after parties。 It's like， I don't need an answer to that。 You know， it's like。

 take your time。 totally chill。 And then here I suddenlyly call back to have in a funny way。

 Are you fan of Putin。 and I kind of laugh。 Okay， I'm in no major rush。😊。

Your That's like my dream thing yeah， it's like a dream thing like man。

 this guy just came out of nowhere。😊，s office belt。I know you're 18。

 It's like you're probably like all white vanilla like， oh my god， Johnny， the missionary position。

 Oh my god。And this is something I like to do too okay so again。

 taking my time with the logistics and here I just kind of start fucking around a bit okay and you have to do a mix of the two it's like logistics fuck around logistics fuck around and I kind of frame it where it's like oh you're 18。

 you know a white vanilla I was mocking the stereotypes if you will Okay that's one of the you know humor buttons that I can push within myself if you will and you have to ask yourself what are yours。

I know it's a little dig， so what do you do then， do you work or do you study？

My sisters actually moving to Montreal。End of August No， that's actually true's， she's 23。

 She's coming here for masters in arts going one of science。Do I not look like this？

You don't look like the sharpest tool in the she let just say。

She is theest you serious like full nerd'm what about you？What about you？Commer。Of course。

 of' just a fucking idea。I thought I'd be provoking you guys went to high school together。

 are you going to cry。 you want to talk about it。It's a good thing pretty It's a good I that your friend too I know everybody what do you do？

Wow， you're tall shit wow， nice to be。 It's a golf point。

 What do you do's weirdest fuck me She was talking about thousand shit shit。B here。Take is。W， putti。

And now I call back to the Putoutin。 Okay， I'm like fun， fun， fun。

 and notice I'm also making a proactive effort to say hi to every single one of her friends。 Okay。

 why， because if I want to pull her， if I want to take her somewhere where we can cement the moment。

 if you will。😊，All her friends here， guess what？ if you don't talk to him。

 if you don't befriend them， you're fucked。 okay， they're going to be like， hell， no。

 we don't know this guy。closing I want I don't want to go alone So I'm just feeling it out too。

 I'm like， come let's go andm like， come routine。 and I just wait to see what she says。 Okay。

 remember， you plant the seed and she'll come up with all her excuses or objections。 And she's like。

 I'm here with like 20 people。 So as an alternative。 know， I just plant the seed。

 we'll take your friend with you。 Take her with you。 it's like you can take two of them。

 And then out there will make them feel okay separating from the huge group。

 And then all I need is to throw one my friends on her friend and it's w。Re now。😊。

It longer we Jewish grandmother like。Like一 her。That is pretty bad。

 Do you are you a fan of the busy gi walk？She's in a higher French than I am。The should。

mi's cub wax and sucks。He actually come fromout with us。

 I think right next to they do this place closing anyway，It like clothing。

 like you be for the night clothing with forever。I don't live here for the night college。Okay it's I。

 I'm not very original。 Yeah， I she's Juliet。 I have a son， Julius Juus what。That's how we roll。

 that's how we roll it's like a shade of a color。We're quite cool surprise you know that boat。

 Did you read it？🎼排对对员。I read the first chapter。 and it was like reading about me。 I not mad。

 That's what girls must be。 So just a little sign note。 What am I doing here。

 I'm just gaming this girl， making sure， again， like she likes me enough to maybe want to leave with me and her friend later。

 Okay， so my in girls's there。 She's good to go。 Now you got to start thinking logistically。

 the same as the beginning。 befriend everyone here at the end。 you need your backup。 Okay。

 so I'm like trying to befriend this girl here。 Like I always wish I was a girl so I could be myself in all honesty。

😊，YouHey girl。 So I can be myself Wecom to get girl。 walk around with me real mess。

 You can probably get back in。 I know they got my。 you got the adventure。 No。

 she's right here just on the other side You can watch on the other side。你ゃいですよ。

Brinie Doc happy ATO girl， do it Briy adventure， you can live your boring Kbe Gu life otherwise。Now。

 what am I doing the same thing。 Okay， adventure， you can live your boring life otherwise。

 let's go real fast。 and then I'm babysping it。 We're just going on the other side。 You can watch。

 you can come and I'm babysiping the pull。 Okay， and here I managed to get around to the fence。

 I don't keep going。 Okay， don't rush it。 Just move for one step closer。 get everyone okay with it。

 one step closer， one step closer， so on and so forth。😊，YeahWe're saying right here。

 we're just going on the other side go。you can't see it's just like this。

 I just wanted more to be closer。 I just wanted to hold her。

 we make a And then you'll see me do this as well。 I mention it here and then I'll kind of repeat it。

 You know in the next minute or so， pretty much going up to all friends do we make a hot couple。

 are we cute are we perfect and just getting every single one of her friends to approve Okay。

 so in her mind she doesn't feel like I'mlus look they all like him perfect Do we like brother sister。

 we do a little babies two pregnant。 Keep holding me keep holding me No your your name is no longer。

😊，What property property again remember another stupid one。s science。Well， that's how we get it。

Great。So's like the mean thing， what's name？🎼你说饭了，小鹏两局两局两个哦，是啊对。Sarah， like Sarah Pa。Well。

 not anymore， what's your new name？Her name name You think we made a hot couple。 Yes，Honestly。

 do you approve of this come Oh， nice to meet you。 I'm a shy little guy。 I'm a shy little boy。

 Do you approve of us or not， come Hol me。Property。아。Just walk me down the blockhead。

So what I basically do is I just keep this vibe going till the club closes okay and this is pretty key to understand an interaction doesn't progress vertically but horizontally okay a lot of guys they go in and they try to escalate escalate more escalate more escalate more escalating more app of attraction hoping that that will lead towards sex when in reality you just have to go vertically enough so that she starts emotionally investing you know you see the bambi she starts getting attracted and from there once you reach that point of good enough。

 you need to maintain her there horizontally for a longer period of time for her emotions to do what they need to do and then ideally you know lead her in a place where you can then proceed vertically。

And this way I did here， go in。Do my thing get attracted。 and then just keep doing more of the same。

 Just keeping her there。 Okay， and it's more of the same。 not in terms of me。

 say only being funny or only being serious because that's bad。 You know。

 if you're funny for too long， it goes from funny to insecure the guy who can't slow down。

 It's more so more of the same of me keeping her and then emotionally invested state。 Okay And here。

 I'm like， you know what， arm and then just start walking。

 Okay And here I'm slowly leading towards you know， where I'm staying。

 which is down the street here to the right。 And then it's like a couple blocks over。

You just walk me down the box。Walk us down the， walk me just to the intersection。That's all I。

Where are you fist to the right， It straight。いいすな。At least is more adventurous so you can live your life like you can live your little boring life。

 fucking Montreal。With your little boring little friends who are 18 years on fucking Switzerland way better。

It's way better， I've been there。of you ever travel to America， Oh my God， where did you bring me？

Just here just here to do。So， it's like。Two blocks there。

 bring one of your friends I'm staying at the West End。See yout live here， I do。

 but I'm saying it's a weekend shit。Well I'll tell your friends like text him later're like。

 I' you guys in a little bit。It's two blocks。Adventure me I know text them。 they'll kill you No。

 I already someone's already coming after me。 Okay， so what's happening here。 I'm like。

 just walk me to the intersection， walk me to the corner。 Okay， babystping at a get her there。

I'm like just come two blocks， two blocks， two blocks。 and I find out here she's staying at the West。

 so they're all staying at this hotel together for some event， even though they live in Montreal。

 So as soon as I hear that I'm kind of like a shit。 like that's extremely difficult too。

say get them apart。 So I'm like， you know it just come just come and you can kind of see too in her demeanor and vibe like the logical side of her brain and the emotional side of her brain kind of debating like emotionally she wants to but logically she's like God they're gonna kill me they're all going I'm a slu Oh my God you know and you have to really soothe that side for her to do what she emotionally wants to do and she's kind of debating and she looks back and she's like look one's already coming for me and one of her friends is coming to get her and you're just going for a drink。

Or it's oh， so take her with you till where's Madison？Who's my friend， my。

friendison Are you coming fuck Come with us。 Are you coming with us。 Am I gonna you No。

 we're gonna back So here， I'm like， oh， come with us， come with us。 And I ask her。

 where's my friend Madison。 And he is a bud of mine who was talking to her。 I'm like， oh。

 I could take him。 I could take her。 my girl perfect。 And I'm like with us。 He's like。

 no we're gonna go back。 And there's like the seriousness。 I'm like， fuck， my expression kind like。

 God damn it。So in that case I'm kind of like well， this is kind of fucked like this girl。

 even with me winning or overgaming her， she's still like no no， no， no， no。

 like just very you know like my friend staying with me So unfortunately here I'm gonna to opt for the phone number okay and a way to do that you know because here even if I pull the phone out in front of this girl。

I mean， it would probably be okay， but I was making a habit of being discreet。

 So one of the lines that saved me many times in the past be it with girls or even， you know。

 groups of girls with those guys because sometimes the guys with friends with the girls， they don't。

 you know， they get a little jealous。 So like， hey， you gotta go。 So I'm like， okay。

 I'll say goodbye， just two minutes。 guysy say goodbye， two minutes。And by saying that。

They know you're leaving。 Theyre happy。 Okay， saying goodbye。

 but then advises you two minutes of times to discreetly get the phone number and try to plan。

 you know， meeting up with them later when the friends aren't there。

 So this is what I do with this girl here。 No， no because Ma is coming too。 I know。 Yes go drink。

Im okay， I'm sorry another time， Little girl， little girl。I sound like fingers taller than you。

I'm sorry， no， you're tired。Can I say goodbye then can I have like two minutes say goodbye say goodbye to her？

Yeah， she't been drinking I'm sober too actually， I haven't I'm just you're trying to get on drunk girl。

 I'm not drunk I drunk。Well before you go， what are you let me say goodbye。

 what are you doing tomorrow then？I don't know or what are you doing later can you ditch them later like in 20 minutes what's tomorrow tomorrow Friday？

What about later tonight， Can you， Okay， so what do I do there， Okay， basically I'm like， hey。

 can you dig them later， I know you have to go with them。 I know your is a big group。

 Your friends is not gonna let you go。 But hey， let's exchange numbers。

 unless see if you can d him in 20 minutes， say back at the hotel or something。

 or maybe I can meet you at the hotel。 And something can happen there。 Okay， So I was thinking。

 what's the soonest， we can make this happen。 And she's like， maybe。

 and then even here she kind of looks around， make sure no one's hearing or she's not being judged again。

 that constant debate of the emotional side of her brain and the logical side。 And here I discreetly。

 Okay， note discreetly go for the phone number。I'll secretly grab your number。Just a second。

 I'm just thinking。One second。seven， nine， nine。I'll text you and maybe have me later then。

promisemise。can look like don't bite me。は。Yeah are you。Quickly sneak a little kiss。 And even here。

 like， I mean， I love this scene here。 You can see the power of the peer group as soon as I say goodbye。

 she literally gets like。😊，Like it's like a wave of them just grabbing her back in to their group so you can just sense like holy shit。

 it's pretty comical。I'll text you， what's my name？あ。你个我。最一款。Oh easier you're the。やば。

I didn't do anything I just shook goodbye。So with this video here， Okay， really notice the contrast。

 say， for example， versus the porn star that also got the number where it was just a lot more。

 let's just say out there。 Okay， both were turned on both we're down。 however。

 you don't have to ample as high as the porn star。 that for me was just as fun as this one。

 But it's coming from a place of I'm doing it because I want to do this versus I need to do this。

 Okay， what do you need to do the bare minimum， Okay， and I always be aware too you know。

 make it relatable。 Okay， notice if the girls tense。

 notice what resonates with the girl and learn how to switch gears。

 Okay don't be like it's only this way。 Okay， from there。

 get her emotionally invested maintain it horizontally don't just get tunnel vision on the girl。

 Okay， game all the friends as well， make sure they all approve and don't forget to start thinking。

 how can I make this happen。 it's not gonna magically happen。 and。😊，If you get the phone number。

 okay， I always try to see her again or day to her， if you will， as soon as possible。 Okay。

 so I hope you enjoyed this video， go out， apply it and。Good luck。

