# 01、朱利安《转变》：06.生活方式：22. 得到边锋位置【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

嗯。Now we talked about how important it is to surround yourself with like-minded people who are also pursuing the same path as you okay also known as wingmen。

 it gives you a sense of unity， okay unity over self， you're not in this alone。

 it helps in terms of going against your emotions and taking right action no matter who you are。

 you're always gonna progress faster with that external force。

 you know exerted on you know if you're out， you're like I'm tired， it's always good to have a wing。

 you're like dude， one more， one more interaction。And then you do it。 It's like one more。

 you do another one， so on and so forth。 You know， it helps you push past what you think is your maximum effort on a macro level。

 It also just helps keep this reality alive。 Okay， remember。

 you're being influenced by everyone and everything that's around you。

 But this also helps on a micro level while you're out。 Okay， and we'll get to that。 Now， remember。

 though， then you want to find the best in your field and learn from them directly。 Okay。

 in terms of getting knowledge in theory， do not learn off your wingmen in the beginning。 Okay。

 only learn off them once you can differentiate what's right from what's。😊，Okay。

 but getting wings is crucial。 And I really cringe every time I hear someone say， oh。

 I just go out of alone all the time。 Now， there's nothing necessarily wrong with going out alone。

 Okay， if some guys like， well， I just take pride in going out alone。 I don't need anybody。 I mean。

 that's awesome。 Okay， and you do still have to go out alone every once in a while to remind yourself of that。

 Okay， never depend on anything external。 you know， even a wing。But， okay。

 you're retarded if you're just going out alone 100% of the time。 Okay， the ideal ratio is 20% alone。

80% with a fucking wing。 Okay， having a wingman out with you is going to cut your learning curve drastically for the reasons that we talked about before。

😡，Now， in terms of getting wings， I'd advise against trying to convert your friends。

 because this is what most guys do。 They find out about this。 And they're like， okay。

 I need a fucking wingman。 let me ask my friends。 know。

 and you think that your friends would be all about this。 You're like， hey， man。

 you can actually change who you are。 you can better yourselfselve as a person。

 you can get all these women in the process， you think they just be like， oh hell yeah。

 let's do this。 But what you'll soon realize if you try this is that a lot of your friends are most likely going to resist it。

 Okay， remember， people love familiarity。 And unless they're already committed to really making a huge transformation。

 tolerating all the discomforts。 They're gonna block this off。 They're like， oh， hellll no。

 anything that， you know， makes me change。 F that。 and they'll resist it and even look down on it。

 Okay， you'll probably hear your friends say like what the fuck dude you' into this shit。

 I already know how to get women why are you doing this， man。 F that。 It's gate， pathetic。

 and they'll even mock it。Now again， you could have one friend who's ready and then he'll just be like all about it。

 but most likely it's not gonna work。 So I'd advise against it。 Okay instead。

 I'd recommend finding wingmen online。 and nowadays， I mean。

 it's really made easy on you too because we've literally spent the past few years creating these RSD inner circle Facebook groups in every major city around the world so wherever you live。

 you can just go on Facebook and join these groups。 they're made secrets。

 So none of your Facebook friends will see that you're part of it and by joining you'll immediately have access to literally hundreds of likeminded people who go out and do this now to join all you have to do is either email support just email them like hey。

 what's up this is where I live， I'd like to join the Facebook group or you can go on Facebook co RSD inner circle and there's someone called the RSD narrator and you can add that person and then they'll add you to whatever。

Group you'd like to be added to okay， but I'd highly recommend using that as a resource。

 you can also go to live events。 Okay if there's a live event in your city。

 go to that event and meet the people there in person。

 the plus side to that is that you don't have to spend a lot of time meeting each guy individually if you're on Facebook。

 you have to message him meet them one by one to see if you guys are compatible if you go to a live event where you see them in person。

 you know immediately like oh， I get along with this person this person not that much。 Now remember。

 too， is we previously discussed that it doesn't really matter how good your wing is okay that should not be part of your criteria。

 You're like， oh is this guy's game good this guy sucks。 I don't want to hang out with him。

 there's advantages to， you know having a shitty wing to having a wing that's on your level and to having a wing that's better than you It doesn't really matter what is skill level is at what your criteria should be is positive and。

Going。a guy who's just always fucking positive， just ready to fucking go and committed。

If you find that guy， even if he sucks， that's the guy you want to be hanging out with。 Okay。

 it's a guy who is gonna kick your ass if you're slacking off。 You're like， he's like come on。

 let's do this shit。 A guy who's positive。 if you're， getting sucked back into old， you know。

 thought patterns of say negative or， feeling like you're a victim someone who will just keep you in check and who。

 who you can also， know， keep in check。 Okay， so that should be your criteria。

 don't hang out with guys who are lazy。🎼Passive， negative， you know。

 guys who operate through their ego， know， guys who are judgmental。

 Those are the guys you want to screen out。 Okay， and ideally。

 to find one to maybe three guys who you get along with and then just stick to those versus constantly rotating wings and just having new wings all the time。

 Now， once you find someone you're compatible with。

 It's important that you set the frame of that relationship from the starts。 Okay。

 it's similar to with a girl here。 it's a wingman relationship。

 and the frame you want to set is judgment free。 Okay， this is a judgmentfr relationship。

 because a lot of the time， what'll happen is you guys go out and certain rules are established。

 It's like， okay， I'm the guy who kind of sucks。 He's the guy who's a little bit better And then with time。

 the more you guys hang out you know， you try to live up to those rules。

 So I'll see this where guys are sometimes more afraid of getting rejected because what their wing。

We think of them versus what the girl will think of them。

 And they're always trying to impress each other。 there's a lot of ego involved in that there's going to hold you back。

 Okay so make sure from the start judgment free。 Okay。

 you should not be afraid of getting rejected in front of your wing。

 you should not be afraid of discussing， you know deep personal issues or you know plateaus or sticking points you're dealing with。

 you should have zero front。 Okay， so establish that from the very start。

 Another frame you want to be establishing from the starts is a note jealousy type of relationship。

 Okay， where you're both friends， but you're both walking your own separate paths。

It's not like there's two of you walking the same path。

 It's two of you walking your own paths at the same time。 Okay， and what does this mean。

 don't be afraid to sprint ahead of your wing in terms of your progress， Okay。

 you don't have to wait for him to reach your level before moving forward。 Okay。

 and there shouldn't be any jealousy either， If one guy progress is faster than the other。

 It shouldn't ruin that relationship。 Like， fuck， man， Why are you getting better， And I'm not。

 And you should not be looking down at him。 like， ohsh， shit， this guy subs Now he's holding me back。

Okay，0， jealousy， sprint ahead of each other。 inspire each other。 And once again。

 there's benefits to being， you know， shitttier and better。 If you're the guy who's behind。

 you can be inspired by the guy who's ahead。 And if you're the guy who's ahead。

 It forces you to take on more responsibility。 You can try helping him out。

 it'll help consolidate certain concepts in your mind。 and you can give yourself challenges， too。

 where if your wing sucks， instead of just blaming him for， you know。

 say messing up certain interactions， you can view it as a challenge， like shit， He sucks。

 I wonder if I can carry this interaction out for the both of us。 Now。

 this year is on a more macro level， but on a micro level， too， while you're out。

 having wing just makes things tremendously easier。 Okay， on one hand， you're not there by yourself。

 Okay， the environment is not as scary。 It's not like you against the world。

 you have a buddy with you。 It gives you a nice sense of unity as we discussed before。

 and on the other， it's a lot harder for you to get shoved in your head。 Okay why。

Because let's just say you do happen to take a break in between interactions。

 in between taking action instead of just standing there by yourself and just start thinking and the voices creep in。

 like everyone staring at you。 you suck。 You should go home and you lose momentum。

 At least you can just stand there and talk to your wing。OkayNow， if you don't have a wing， okay。

 do not use this as an excuse。 Like oh shit， it would be way easier if I had a wing to talk to。

 still barrel through。 But if you want a little tip。 what you can always do is just you know。

 create a makeshift wing on the spot。 Okay， how do you do that。

 And this is what I tend to do if I go out alone。 I'll go out and I'll follow the process。 Okay。

 just talk to the first person as soon as I enter the venue。

 keep taking action until I find that one person in the club who's just willing to talk to anyone。

 usually to be a girl who's not that attractive。 but just very open to just chatting anyone。 and her。

 I basically just make her my wing。 Okay， she's my home base。

 and what I do is I talk to her then I go talk to you know another girl。

 And in betweenwe interactions instead of just standing still， I just go back to her， chat some more。

 go the next girl， go back to her， chat some more so on and so forth。 it's like my home base。

 So you can do this if you' are by yourself。 but having。Wing again， it's just super easy。

 Like you're joking with each other。 You know how to push each other's buttons to make each other laugh。

 I mean， it's the shit。 And another plus side is that while out。

 he can help you with the logistics of whatever girl you're trying to make something happen with。

 for example， if you talk to a girl， he can come and talk to her friends and occupy them。 Okay。

 now a rule you want to establish while going out is whoever opens the set， or the group of girls。

 whoever you know， has the resource basically can do whatever he wants with it。 Okay。

 so if you're the one that goes and talks to a group of girls and then you have your friend come in you're the one who's in charge。

 you can choose to do whatever you want with that group of girls。

 if you talk to a girl and he talks to a friend， But then after a while you decide you like or friend more。

 you can bounce off to the friend。 He has to adapt to you。

 his job and that interaction is to help you。 If you want to just throw the interaction away。

 just leave and go talk to other girls， you're allowed to do。Even if he likes his girl。

 it's you who opened， it's you who's in charge and who has control over friends。 Okay， now。

 if you keep， you know， fucking up every interaction， you know， have a talk and ideally， know。

 this should force you to you know open sets on your own。

 So you're not just depending on the other guy because heals always be in charge。

 It should be an even exchange。 but this here is the number one rule。 Okay， whoever has the resource。

 do whatever the fuck he wants with that resource。 some other technicalities to be aware of。

 know to really use this to your advantage is realize that the best situation you could ever find yourself in with your wingman is two girls。

 Okay two guys， two girls， I mean， that's just the fucking easiest。's like you both have a girl。

 The girls don't have to worry about splitting up。 they get to talk to the both of you。 know。

 they know that you're both cool。 in terms of them feeling you know like a slut。

 they won't feel as judged because they're in it together。 they also have a sense of unity。 I mean。

 that's just the fucking。Best scenario。 Okay， now when you find yourself in that type of situation。

 be sure to split the conversation from a fourway conversation to a one on one okay where you're each talking to your girl separately。

 I see a lot of guys make this mistake where they just have this nice group talk and that's bad。

 you want to have one on one time with your girl， create that little bubble。

 So usually what I'll do is I'll go in chat with the girls， my wing will come in。

 we'll all talk together for a little bit and then we'll just split it。 I just talk to my girl。

 He talks to his。 then we'll regroup， then we'll split again， regroup， split again。

 also do this physically where I'll take her somewhere else。 I'm like oh。

 we'll be right back' grab some water。 we're gonna go sit over there。

 I want her to go meet my friends。 my other friends we be back， separate them and then reunite them。

 separate them， reunite them。 This also help the girls like not be that tense。 like oh。

 my friends leaving because every time she leaves。 she's then reunite it。 She's like， oh。

She leavess again。 I'll see her again。 Okay， it adds a lot of trust。

 Use this dynamic as well to screen for logistics。 Okay， for example。

 if you're talking to your girl one on one， he's talking his one on one。

 figure out the situation of the girls。 Okay and you do this by asking your girl about his girl It's like oh。

 does she have a boyfriend for example。 Oh what's her situation。 You know， where is she staying。

 what's what's her deal。 And he does the same with your girl。 then after a while。

 reunite and compare notes。 Okay， it may cause a slight interruption in the interaction。

 but that's fine it's totally worth it。 let the girls compare notes to be sure to pump each other's value as well。

 okay， for example， if you talk to his girl bra about him it's a lot easier to pump each other's value than your own。

 when you talk to his girl you' be like yeah， my friend， you know， he did this， He's awesome。

 there's this， there's this， he'll do the same for you Okay so both girls more attracted。 and this。

Also means knowing your fucking wing。 Okay， it shouldn't just be like this dynamic where you're only going out。

 It's like you have to also become fucking friends。 you know， know about him。

 know about his fucking life。 know about what he likes， know about what he doesn't like。 You know。

 get your own inside jokes。 like just that there， you guys joking around together。 you know。

 having this strong bond， You know， is like a ton of value in the fucking girl's eyes。 Okay。

 and this also means acknowledge him over the girls。 Okay。

 if the girl says something and he says something， listen to your wing。 show respect。 It's like， hey。

 we've been friends for a long time， we don't really know you guys that well。

 let's see where this goes。 don't just jump to， what did the girl say and ignore your wing because that'll just。

 you know， decrease yours and his value。😡，Be aware also of the。Escalation Delta， if you will。

 between both parties。 What does that mean， you know。

 be aware of where the girl's at emotionally and solely build up， you know。

 the tension in the interaction at the same time。 Okay。

 if one guy's moving faster with his girl than the other girl。 They're not gonna feel comfortable。

 Okay， one's going to be like， oh， it might be more of a sluut than her。 Oh shit。 So move it up。

 you know， together。And when pulling or making something happen。

 whoever as the alpha girl of the group， you know the girl was in charge。

 it's his job to you know lead and bring the group somewhere else。

 or whoever just has the interactions more on know if you're more on with your girl。

 it's your job to lead her and her friend and your wing to go somewhere where you know things can escalate okay and ideally split you know once you leave the venue but if they don't want to split。

 that's fine too， just go to your place or his place or even their place and then just split once you arrive there So having a wing is crucial fucking get on it。

