# 01、朱利安《转变》：02.你所想的就是你所要的：10.现实的预期【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Another important mindset when it comes to motivation is being realistic。

 being realistic in terms of where you are skill wise， what it takes， Okay。

 what it takes to change who you are。 And how long it's going to take。 Okay， remember。

 this shit is hard。 Okay， making this shift is extremely difficult。

 but it's a very straightforward process， And it's important not to lose track of that。

 So let's start with being realistic in terms of where you're at， Okay。

 and what I want you to do right now， is to take an honest look at yourself。

 and ask yourself where am I at， skill wise。 Okay， am I more on the newbie side am I somewhat of an intermediate when it comes to success with women。

 or am I more advanced。 Okay， now don't freak out when I'm saying this。 Okay。

 there's always some guy whos like， oh my God， well， define intermediate， Def advance， Like。

 how do I know， And there are no rules to this， Okay，s just， you know， just use common sense。Okay。

 it's like， do you have a lot to work on or not。 Okay。

 there's no like you are intermediate once you've slept with 53 women plus and your success rate is 69% or something like that。

 there are no official rules。 Okay， so just have an honest look at yourself。

 Let go of all bias filters， Okay， let go of you and yourself as a victim Where being superior to this。

 Just really drop your ego and be realistic。 Okay， it's like， where am I at， What are my strengths。

 What are my。Weaknesses， you know， do I have a lot of willpower。 do I have little willpower。

 If I look back， you know at my life， have I succeeded far in certain areas or have I just dabbled around you really need to have again an honest view at where you are right now。

 Okay and really let go of all fronts。 Okay， the more personal you make this to yourself。

 like stop line yourself。 stop deluding yourself， just be like， hey， this is what's up。

 even though it may hurt your ego。 It's like you suck in this area。 there's nothing wrong about it。

 Like don't judge yourself， just really view it as it is。 it is what it is。

 now you have material to change to tweak to work on， the sooner you do this the better。

 accept the truth and go from there。 Okay， if you suck， admits yourself than you suck。

 affirmations only work if they're true。 know， some guys are really into know affirmations where you look。

yourselfse in the mirror and you start telling yourself like you are awesome。 You are awesome。

 You are awesome。 know， they'll be like you are awesome。

 They'll tap their cheeks or something trying to ingrain a certain belief。 know。

 that's like the typical view of self helpp。 It's like you're the man。

 you can do this okay and those affirmations there， if you're not the man yet。

 you're just deudding yourself into believing that you are Okay fuck line to yourself。

 tell yourself the truth。 If you suck， look at yourself in the mirror and say I suck， I suck。

 I am a piece of shit right now， I may loser right now。

 and then use that as we discuss before as motivation。 Okay， it's like fuck， I suck。

 let's do something about it。 okay but be fucking realistic。 And on top of that。

 realize that if you suck okay you're starting off down there。

 you're starting off on square1 realize that there are advantages to that too。

 as we discussed before the enemy of the best is the good。 and if you're down there。You have nothing。

 you know， to lose。 You're not like you're some intermediate guy who gotten somewhat good。

 And now he has a certain reputation to live up to that he wants to maintain or rationalizations that he has to you know。

 let go of。 It's like you are literally like， well。

 I suck anything I do from here is better than now。 fuck。 yeah， and you have that motivation， know。

 that motivation prove yourself because you're at the fucking bottom。 There's a saying。

 no one walks into the gym ripped on day one， Okay， and this applies to success with women as well。

 Okay， like everyone starts off as a newbie。 Okay， you have to start somewhere and realize that it doesn't mean you're better or less of a person either。

 Okay， guys are like， man， if I suck， I'm less of a person than a guy who's advanced。

 And the answer is no， okay， like comparing yourself like that is just fucking ridiculous。

 That's like comparing a two year old kid to a five year old kid。 You know， it's like， well。

Which one is better， The two year old or the five year old。

 because the five year old can walk and talk， and the two year old can't。You know。

 does that mean that he's better than the two year old fuck no。

 He's just at a different point in the journey。 And the same applies here。 Okay。

 just'cause you're advanced in terms of game， like you got your skills down。

 You're more self actualized。 doesnn't mean you're a better person， you're just at a different point。

 Okay， if I meet someone for me as long as someone's going out putting himself in the grind working on himself。

 I respect him just as much as any other fucking guy doing it。 You know， it's not like I'm like。

 I just want to hang out with advanced guys。I respect everyone who just does it。 Okay， for me。

 it's all the fucking saying。 And it should be to you as well。 Okay， now don't use this as an excuse。

 Like I'm just going out。 It's like you got a hustle。 You got to be going places。

 But give yourself props， no matter where you're at。

 And from there you have to have realistic expectations。 Okay。

 realistic expectations lead to realistic goals。 when I first started out， I never lost motivation。

 You know or had any doubts or fears。 why because my expectations were never out of context with my skill level。

 Okay， I had very， very low expectations。 I knew that I sucked。

 I knew that I couldn't go out and just interact with women。 And for me。

 anything that was better than completely sucking， I was extremely happy。 I was actually， you know。

 on cloud 9， I was like wholly shit， this is awesome。 My very first。

Approach was like 30 seconds and it didn't go anywhere。 I was just like， oh hey。

 I was just like blurted how to few lines and ran off。 for me。

 that was like one of the happiest moments of my life。 I was like， holy shit。

 because my expectations were realistic。 I was like， I suck And anything that's better。

 I'm gonna give myself fucking props。 Okay if a girl smiled at me。 if I got a good reaction。

 if I even got a number， I was like oh my God， like I was extremely happy。 And from there。

 I just started just riding that wave of success。 it's like I got my first taste with the 30 seconds interaction and I was like a fucking shark that tasted blood。

 I was like， more， more and more and more and more。

 and with every little victory with every little bit of success。 I gained confidence。

 a lot of guys just have unrealistic expectations。 when it comes to success with women。

 know their expectations are just way too fucking high。 they think。😊，Finding out about this。

 They're like， oh my God， this is awesome。 They're just gonna go out。 And as we talked about before。

 it's just like one shot， one kill。 know， I'm gonna go out。

 And I'm just gonna get the most beautiful girl there like that。

 I'm just gonna snap my fingers and I fucking got her。

 I'm gonna soar through the air and just get bitches left and right and you know， very fast。

 They realize that that's not the case。 you know， and。They get very negative， very depressed。

 very bitter。 They lose their motivation。 and they give up。 Okay this is just so fucking ridiculous。

 Like this is the only area in which guys， again， have those unrealistic expectations。

 This is like if you're trying to learn basketball and you're a guy who's never play basketball。

 You're down there。 You're a newbie。 You don't expect to just go out on the field。

 You never held a fucking basketball。 You don't expect to go out on the field and dunk like Jordan just right off the bat。

 This is what guys are doing here。 They're like holy shit。 I just watch a video on how to dribble。

 I'm gonna dribble And I just watch another video on how to dunk and I'm gonna dunk like Jordan。

 It's just not gonna fucking happen。 And building on this。 guys also make unfair comparisons。

 their expectations are way too fucking high。 and they compare themselves to people who are just way ahead of them in terms of their skills。

 Okay， way ahead on the journey。 It's like you're a guy who's never play basketball。

 and you're comparing yourself to。Michael Jordan， you know。

 you think that you're already on the same playing field as him。 And if you don't dunk like him。

 you just think you suck and you're disappointed in yourself。 And that's just so fucking ridiculous。

 You know， guys do this with game as well， where they see me。And I've been doing this for。

 know almost a decade now。 And they're like， oh my God。

 I want to be like him and anything less than being like him。 I just suck， you know。

 and they beat themselves down if they're not like me， who's done this for that long。 Okay。

 It's like， what the fuck。 I'll see guys go out and they get a phone number。

 And they're like it was just a number。 You know， those are guys who would previously have never even gotten numbers。

 And I'm like， why are you not giving yourself props。 Like if that was me， like。

 when I was starting out， I was so happy if I got a number。

 Like I was riding away a fucking positivity， success and confidence。 Most guys now。

 they ride away of just frustration of not being where they want to be， you know。

 And this also happens due to the。Infield footage videos you'll see on YouTube。

 Now those are awesome because they inspire you。 it's like watching a basketball dunk。

 but guys tend to mistake that for the norm。 they think the whole interaction are the basketball dunks。

 It's like a whole game of basketball is fucking dunks。 And the answer is。

 of course not be realistic if all your interactions like you're trying to make them look like a compilation of infield flashes。

 you're gonna be way too try hard。 the girl's gonna get overwhelmed。

 she's not going be able to relate and you're not gonna get her。 snap out of that little delusion。

 be realistic。 the whole interactions are not just fucking dunks and also realize that if you take this frame of mind being like you know what。

 I want to be like the fucking flashes no matter how well you do you're never gonna to feel like you're there because even if you do let's just say hypothetically managed to get on the level of those fucking flashes。

Your mind， you're gonna to think that the guys who are in the flashes because you made it that far are now way up fucking here and you're fucked as well。

 One of my favorite examples of this， you know， having just unrealistic expectations and making unfair comparisons was a client that I had in Toronto Okay so he showed up on the program。

 And he was 28。 and he never been with a girl，28 never been with a girl， never kissed a girl。

 never even touched a girl except for his。Okay， and he shows up and he's like， hey， you know。

 this is me。 this is what I'm dealing with。 let's， let's do this。 You know。

 and we go out and on night one。He just starts killing it。 You know， he's laughing， he's smiling。

 he's proactive， he's going up， he's talking all these girls， they're laughing。

 He's having amazing interactions。 and he's， you know。

 frankly doing better than I thought he would on day one from what he was saying before。 like。

 oh just never talk to any girl and it was just fucking epic okay。

 and the next day we meet up and we go out a bit during the day。😊。

And we take a break and everyone goes to Starbucks and we sit down and kind of discuss how things have been going。

And talking to the other two guys who were three guys。 The other two like， thought， yeah。

 it's awesome。 I learned this is this。 And then I get to him。 I'm like， what about you。

 And he just breaks down in tears。 it was just one of the most awkward。 Like， I'm like， what。

 he just starts like full on crying for five minutes。 Like for five minutes， I'm like， is he serious。

 Is he joking。 what， what's wrong， Like the guy was just killing it， And he looks up at me。

 And he's like， I failed you， And I'm like， what what are you talking about the other clients are like。

 what， He's like。I didn't finger or fuck a girl yet。And that's why he was crying。

 He thought that he had to be on like my level， or he had to finger or fuck a girl for me to think that he's cool。

 And for this to be a successful program。 And that's just so ridiculous。 It's like， what the fuck。

 Okay， him， what he should be thinking is， look at where I was at before。

 completelyly sucking and look at where I'm at fucking now。 Okay， it's not like， oh man， it's like。

 you never play basketball。 And you just play a fucking game and you do well。 You're like， yes。

 you're not like。😡，I didn't do the triple slam dunk like Jordan。 I failed and start crying。

 Okay so snap the fuck out of this。 and don't get psyched out either Okay because that'll happen too where guys will see these infield flashes And instead of using them as inspiration or to help with the buy in they just get psyched out and they think that pickup or game is just too far outside their reality of achievement。

 instead of thinking shit， I want to be like Jordan， they think。

 oh fuck I could never be like Jordan， it's just too much and they're overwhelmed and they give up so once again realize that those are flashes they're meant to seem bigger than life because they're meant to inspire you those flashes are not what an actual interaction looks like。

 It's not just a compilation of flashes。 compared to a movie。 know。

 I remember when I was living in Switzerland， I see all these movies of Los Angeles or。

Hollywood or Venice Beach， And it just seemed like awesome。 You know， if you think California。

 Los Angeles， beautiful beaches， surfers， blonde girls， Hollywood lights。 Oh my God。

 And then I would actually move there。 Was it like that。 Not really。

 it was just gray and flat and dirty。 You know， that's Los Angeles。 So in the movies。

 they frame things a certain way。 and they make it seem again larger than life。

 And the same happens with pickup。 Okay， yes， that happens。

 And if you go to certain places in Hollywood， you'll see it where Los Angeles， you'll see it。

 But that's not all of Los Angeles， the same here。 Those flashes and are not all of the interaction。

 the most common。😊，Comment I get with clients who actually take out with me is as soon as they see me interact with the woman。

 they're like， shit， I could do that。 know， it kind of grounds it in their reality。

 don't get tricked by the glory and don't be distracted by it if you're too focused on the glory like thenk shots。

 the infield flashes like the highlights。 you're gonna be distracted from the source and the source is bullshit tedious practice。

 just going out and doing the boring shit over and over and over again。

 Okay if you see me and you see me do something crazy on hidden camera footage。

 how did I get there by practicing by going out for almost fucking 10 years for almost a decade just on and on and on practicing like a motherfucker fucking up a fuck to that's how I got there。

 okay so to wrap up this little segment of being realistic in terms of where you're at look at where you're at be very。

put your full personality on the line， your flaws， your weaknesses， your strengths as well。

 like be full realistic， have realistic expectations。

 don't make unfair comparisons don't get psyched out by the glory and focus more so on the source this year will keep you enthusiastic as you go out in practice Now what about being realistic in terms of what it takes okay remember。

 realistic expectations lead to realistic goals。 but you have to set those realistic goals as well。

 guys will understand being realistic in terms of where they're at They're like okay I suck you know I have a lot to work on。

 but then they set their goals just way too fucking high and they make it unsustainable。

 they're like， you know what I suck but to get good to get Michael Jordan level good I'm gonna go out seven hours a day and I'm gonna to watch on top of that seven hours of content and I'm just gonna to do this 24。

7。And they just burn themselves into the fucking ground。 Okay you have to small chunk your goals。

 You have to make them realistic and not overwhelming。 remember this。

 The challenge and your ability have to be matched。

 the challenge has to be adjusted to your level of experience for you to get in a nice positive flow state it's like going to the gym。

 are you gonna go to the gym and just go up to the heaviest weight because you're motivated。

 You're like I suck， but I want to get b heaviest fucking weight。 hell yeah。

 the answer is no because you're gonna strain a fucking muscle Okay you're gonna you know burn yourself out。

 and that's what guys are doing here。 It' like I suck。

 but I want to get good So I'm gonna set the fucking highest goals instead of making it sustainable and just building up to it。

 So you really have to small chunk your goals。 Okay what I always say is establish first goals and then establish end goals。

 so what are first goals first goals are very。Simple， okay， they're simple goals。

 they're very linear。 They're not too complex and they're achievable。 Okay。

 theyre goals that are within the context of your skill level。 Okay。

 and you're going go out and you're gonna to start accomplishing these。 This could be， you know。

 going up and saying hi to a girl。 If you've never said hi to a girl。 There's a goal that， you know。

 the challenge matches your ability。 Then you can go up and， you know， talk for 30 seconds。

Then you can make the interaction last a little bit longer。 Then you can go and ask for the number。

 You know， you could try to take a girl out on a date。

 You can try to make something happen and you baby step your way there。 Okay。

 you just keep focusing on those little goals。 and you start building momentum And you start building up strength as you go。

 you don't have to do it all at once。 small chunk your way there。 don't aim to do a home run。y。

 aim to do a multitude of base hits。 Okay， focus on the little things。

 those little things amount to big things。 Okay， now don't get stuck on the little things。 Okay。

 warning。 guys will set first goals， like oh， I want， you know some good reactions。

 And then they just get stuck on it。 know， and they forget about their end goal， which would be say。

 you know， get the girl。 And they're like， good reactions are enough。

 or if you take like Internet marketing。 guysy are like， you know what。

Instead of aiming to make millions， I just want to make enough to survive off of this。

 And then what happens they get stuck on surviving off of this。 Okay， so of course。

 focus on the first goal。 But remember， that first goal is a stepping stone towards your end goal。

 Okay， and set your end goal high。 make it a goal that， you know， we just really， you know。

 once you achieve it， will'll just make something of you。 You know， just really。

 really change you are and hit you on a deep fucking level。 You have to baby step your way there。

 Okay， take it one step at a time。 stay focused， Don't get distracted and don't get ahead of yourself。

 Okay， this here is also the you know， key to not getting overwhelmed。 It's like， oh my God。

 there's so much to do。 I could never do that。 You know， forget about you know， the big picture。

 focus on。The small little steps， you know， zoom in up close。 So you forget about all that。

 And you just focus on， okay， just the next step， just the next step。

 just the next step until you reach your end goal and make your goals as simple。

 clear and precise as possible。 complexity is the enemy of execution。

 if your goals are just all over the place， way too complex， it's easier not to do it， you're like。

 whatever it's too complicated it's easier to rationalize or you'll just get overwhelmed。

 You're like， there's just too much whatever， Okay， just really break them down。

 What are my first goals， bang， bang， bang， bang， bang。 Okay， if those are still too big。

 break those down。 Okay， like make those your end goals and then break those down into smaller steps to take so on and so forth。

 until you have something that you can achieve。 and a pace that you can sustain。

 and writing these down helps as well。 because as soon as you write them down。

 now you have to be precise。 Like there's something to look at。

 It can't just be these wandering thoughts in your mind。And this is what I want you to do right now。

 Go on the shift Facebook group。 and I want you to write down your first goals and your end goals。

 I want you to write down， for example， I want to get a good reaction that could be like an end goal And then what is your first goal that you're going set to start moving in that direction to start getting there could be approaching cool。

 And once you accomplish that， what's the next little goal， What's the next little goal。

 What's the next little goal until you get there。 then once you get there， establish a new end goal。

 and then start establishing little first goals to get there。

 and that's how you just baby step your way to success。

 Okay and use that to to hold yourself accountable。

 you posted your goals now go fucking do the last one。

 being realistic in terms of how long it's going to take I mean。

 this is a question I get all the time。 know like how long does it take until I become good at game。

 know how quick till I become good And to answer this， I'll quote。

 Felix Dennis who talked about this。In terms of money， and getting rich。

 it's like how long till I become rich。 And his answer was quicker than you deserve。

 but longer than you would like。 Okay， and the same applies here to women。 And on top of that， too。

 I would just say there are too many fucking variables to give you a definitive answer。

 how long till I become good。 I don't fucking no。 And on top of that， too， I mean， define good。 Okay。

 I've talked about before， never stop at average， never， you know。

 accept yourself as a finished product。 Okay， like there is never good enough。

 guys like how long till I become good。 you're in this for life。 You know。

 you could always be better。 There is no finished line。 You know， it's not like。

 I'm going to go work on。My opening game， you know approaching and talking to a girl。

 I'm gonna start opening。 Is there ever a point where you're like you know what。

 I'm good enough at opening now。 You know， the answer is no， you could always be better。

 You could always be a better person。 There's no point where you're like。

 I'm a good enough of a person now I'm done。 I've passed the finish line Fto。 like fuck no。

 you're gonna keep going till the day you die。 except that you're in this for life。

 I don't care if you get into a relationship even then you can still achieve more。

 if you're in a relationship， you can still work on becoming more grounded。

 You can still work on developing your personality。

 You can still work on taking right action and you can still grow more and more into your own。

 it's never over。 this whole becoming the best you can be。

 is really a value that you just keep moving towards know for the rest of your life。

 There's never a point where you fully achieve 100%。

 The best you could ever be because you can always be better。 Okay。

 remember what we talked about before。ualize infinite possibilities Okay and never expect to go back to your comfort of not just pushing for more。

 pushing for more， pushing for more， pushing for more。 And you really have to accept this。 You know。

 life is a journey， not a destination and start enjoying the fucking journey， You know。

 even asking a question， like how long until I become good。 What does that communicate。

 It communicates that you view this， this whole process is some sort of chore， You know。

 something you have to do or something you have to tolerate until you make it until you cross the finish line。

 and only then can you be happy， Okay， and that is completely wrong。I'll see guys asking this too。

 Like how many opens Like how many girls I have to talk to until I can fuck one know。

 and they view the whole process of going out and interacting with women。

 putting their personality out there is a chore just to get to sex。 Okay。

 and remember what we talked about before， it's the internal fulfillment that should make you happy。

 it's not you know， validation or external stimulus or instant gratification， any of that bullshit。

 it's the you doing it。 It's the journey， It's not the destination。 It's not once you fuck the girl。

 It's going out talking to girls here， it's not once you become good， which you'll never reach。

 it's you moving in that direction。 Okay， why wait to be happy when you could be happy now。

 We always believe that the object that'll make us happy。 is always just outside our grasp。 You know。

 things like money。 you know， a job。 girls， we tell ourselves， if I just made all that money。

 I would be happy。 You know， if I got that new job。 or if I got that promotion。

 then I'll be fucking happy。You know， if I got this girl or if I got all these girls。

 then I'll be happy。 And the truth is。It never works。 You know。

 it's a fucking lie that you tell yourself。 Okay， it's a never ending process。

 If you look back at your life now， I'm sure you've gotten some of the things you used to tell yourself。

 if I only had that one thing。 I'll be happy and look at you now。

 you're probably still chasing something new。 Okay， so it won't make you fucking happy。

 on top of that， too， is we previously discussed， to get girls， to get that girl。

 you think you're gonna feel so complete and happy with。 You're gonna have to devalue it。

 You can't be placing that on such a high pedestal or you're gonna come up is extremely needy。

 So even then it won't make you happy。 Okay， what makes you happy the doing。 Okay。

 it's the internal rewards that you get from doing， not the external rewards。

 The external rewards are just the bonus。 Okay， work just for the work itself alone。 Okay。

 it's like you go pick up not to get the girls， you pick up to pick up。 Okay。

 you work on yourself just to work on yourself。 you do it for you。 if。Meditate。

 you don't meditate just to be enlightened。 You meditate to meditate。 Okay。

 and this here is a mental shift you're gonna have to make from a realistic standpoint， though。

 realize that this is gonna take time。 this shit is gonna to take years。 Okay。

 now don't freak out when you hear， oh my God， it's gonna to take years。 What the fuck， okay。

 because that shouldn't really matter why because you're in this for life。

 You don't care if it takes years you're in this till the day you fucking die。 Okay。

 so don't freak out。 remember， too， people have a very unrealistic view of success。 You know。

 they think it's fast。 They think changing yourself just happens like that， And I mean， obviously。

 the answer is no， okay， it takes time。 And if you think it happens fast。 you're gonna get very。

 very sad and disappointed， you're gonna be like， oh。

 why it's not happening fast and you're gonna give up。 Okay， so this shit takes time。

 people think it's up to luck connections being put on and the answer is no。

 as we've already discussed。 How do you get good。Slow， just hard work。 Okay。

s just like little inching， like little inches。 That's it's like you're inching your way up to making it。

 And that is， you know the day you die。 Okay， so that is success and understanding this is also going to help in terms of motivation。

 why because you're not gonna freak out either once you hit a plateau。

 If you have like a bunch of bad days， it doesn't really matter because you're in this for fucking life。

 This is a marathon， not a sprint。 Okay， accept it and prepare for it。 And I don't care who you are。

 remember， you're not above the fucking process。 you're not some unique snowflake who's gonna get good fast。

 if you're thinking you're the exception， you're not， okay， there is no skipping ahead。

 to get you know， beautiful women， you have to deserve beautiful women。

 that's the way the world works to get what you want， you have to deserve what you want。

 If someone else deserves that more than you then he should fucking get it。

 if you go out and there is a better option。girl， then she should go with the better fucking option。

 Okay， how do you get the girl， It's not learning little techniques or trying to skip ahead or weasel your way into her pants。

 It's become the best option there。 Okay， when you deserve her attractiontract just automatic。

 even from your perspective， you can just relax and just act at ease。 Okay。

 and I'm sure you've experienced this。 You see a girl you like and you just freeze up。

 and then you talk to a girl you don't like， and you can just talk and talk and talk。

 you never really run out of things to say it's just natural。 Okay。

 try to reach a point where you're like that with all girls because you deserve all girls。😊。

And you have to， again， inch your way there。You can't skip ahead if you're a guy who's not attractive。

 you can't suddenly just deserve them， compare this to an instrument。Guys are like， well。

 I want to learn the guitar， and I want to riff like Van Halen。

Even if someone gives you all the steps， you're going to have to practice。

 it's going to take a long fucking time to riff like Van Halen。Okay。

 you need those references to get there。 You have to deserve to riff like Van Halen， if you will。

 People always want things easy。 You know， they have a very magic pill mentality。 Okay。

 and this here is one of society's weaknesses。 Okay， society gives you a magic pill for everything。

 Okay， it tells you， don't worry about bettering yourelve as a person。 You know。

 don't worry about going out and cultivating a better personality。 Don't worry， you know。

 about enduring experiences that give you more confidence as a man。 Here's an easy solution。

 Here's the quick fix。 Okay， and we've been so conditioned by that that we don't even expect the magic pill anymore。

 We demand it。 and magic pills are so easy to market。 why because these human beings。

 we're always looking to conserve energy。 You know， we're always looking for shortcuts。

 If someone tells you， hey， listen。😊，Don't worry about going out for years to get this handled。

 Here's the magic pill to get this handled。 Now， what are you telling yourself， Holyly shit。

 I don't have to waste all this time and energy。 learning this bettering myself。

 I can just get it instantly。 fuck yeah， Okay， and I mean， that's our our culture today。

 we live in a shortcut culture。 You know， it's like people are always looking for the easy way。

 You know， the easy way to to success。 You know， the quick fix。 the magic pill。

 they want people to do it for them。 They want to be told what to do。

 They just want to remain the same in their little bubble。

 not have to exert any fucking energy and then just receive and you know， be safe。 You know。

 that's today's society。 We don't want to put in the work。 Okay。

 my favorite example of this is some guy who wrote on an online forum。 He's like， notice。

 And I know that I have to go out for years to get this handled to develop inner confidence。

 But I was wondering if instead of doing that。Maybe I could hire a hypnotist who would hypnotize me and fix all those issues for me like that。

AndThat's like， I mean， that's like the pinnacle。 It's like just anything to avoid the work。

 I want you to surrender to hard work。 Okay， instead of running away from it and trying to escape it。

 you know， like work is like serving time in jail。 I just need to escape。 I want you to embrace it。

 Okay， stop trying to conserve energy， like minimize the output and just try to always just maximize the input。

 how do you max the input where you're getting， by maximizing the output， Okay。

 everything in life is in exchange， the more you put out there， the more effort， the more work。

 the more you're going to get in return， make an agreement with yourself right now。

 never to cut any corners and never to make any excuses， Okay。

 stop looking for what you can get away with and start looking at what you can do because there are no shortcuts to this and why should there be。

 I it not worth doing because there are no shortcuts， F no， just do it anyway。

 I was never interested in shortcuts know， I was never interested in。

Getting there quicker if it wasn't the right way。 Okay， what was I interested in a solid foundation。

 I would rather spend years building a solid foundation that's gonna last than just get good。

 very fucking fast and then have this weak foundation and most likely lose it。 Okay， what comes fast。

 Leave fast as well。 Okay， build it slow and on strength and realize there's only one fucking way of doing that。

 practice and patience。 Okay， get addicted to the slow。

 slow progress that you see by just sticking to the fucking process。 Okay。

 everyone who's gone good has gone through that and is still going through that。

 you can't skip ahead， pay your fucking dues。 Okay， and also realize that you're in no rush。

 You know， there's no reason to be impatient。 You're not going anywhere。 You know， guys are like， oh。

 I have to quickly get this handled。 Why， it's like you're not going anywhere and women aren gonna going anywhere。

 Okay， you're never gonna run out of women。 Okay， do women are being born every fucking。😡。

No matter how old you get， they're still gonna be women。 So don't rush， but also don't slack off。

 Okay， remember， just keep moving forward at a nice， sustainable pace。 And what I'd ask you is， well。

 Okay， if you're in a rush to just quickly get this， over with， you know， is why， you know。

 why do you need to get this over with so fucking fast， what are you trying to get at， you know。

 if you want to get this over with， what's next。You know why the fucking rush。

 And the answer is there is nothing next。 Okay， so embrace this。

 And the last thing Id add to is it's not like your results are gonna be shit for years。 You know。

 just like shit， until you have your breakthrough and you start reaping the benefits result wise。

 you're gonna get results all the way through。 Okay， and the more you do this。

 the more consistent they're gonna be come。 Okay， so you could still suck and be working your way up and you can still get girls。

 Okay， don't think it's a twoy weight or three yearear weight until you get girls。 Okay。

 remember that the potential of having value Okay， the potential of having value in the future is equally as attractive is actually having value。

 Okay， like immediate value。 as long as your guy who has a drive and who has that potential of value。

 like the girl can see you're moving up， you're going places she's gonna be attracted to you and she's gonna sleep with you。

As well。