# 01、朱利安《转变》：07迷失的一章-自爱：24.自爱【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So I'm sure you've heard this saying before。 okay， whatever you feel， she feels。 Okay。

 this is the law of state transference， if you will。

 And this is one of the most important things to understand when it comes to you know bettering yourself as a person and achieving success with women Why is that Because this here really governs and rules。

 What's going to happen in terms of what you say and do， if you go up and you're like， hey。

 what's up。 and it's coming from a place of you say being stressed， feeling ill at ease。

 being a little bit angry， being a little bit negative， being a little bit attached to the outcome。

 it's not going to work at all。 and girls can just feel it off of you。

 And this is something that you only emotionally you know， recognize。

 the same as if you're sitting down next to someone who's very stressed。

 he doesn't have to verbalize the fact that he's stressed， just kind of get that feeling off of him。

 if someone's angry next to you。 like I could be say really pissed off here， recording this video。

 I don't have to tell you that I'm angry。Feel that off of me。

 And you really have to start tuning into this and cultivating what I like to call self love。 Okay。

 you want to basically feel the best you could possibly feel。 you should feel extremely positive。

 extremely happy， extremely carefree adddies and just in love with who you are because guess what that'll transfer the girl。

 And that's when she's going to start loving you。 Okay。

 so step one to all of this is just start being aware of it。😊。

Don't focus so much on the superficial layer of things。

 and this is extremely important to understand。 Okay if you see someone out。

 there's a superficial layer what's like he says he's talking to a girl。

 it's what he's saying you know oh， he did a push。He did a poll here， you know。

 he did a little physical move。 He asked for the logistics。 He moved her around。 He did this。

 He did that。 And that's where， you know， everyone just like tuned into。 This is what he said。

 you know， his pick up line。 But in reality， a good 80% to 90%， is happening you know。

 below the surface， if you will。 And that there's a stuff you emotionally recognized。

 And when you're looking at an interaction or when you're breaking down your own interactions。

 ask yourself， what was I feeling， You know， like what what do I feel when I watch some guy who's successful with women。

 talking to women and what do I feel when I watch someone who's not successful with women talking to women。

 is it is it light， I it carefree， I it fun， I it bright， I it positive， I it child like， you know。

 like a little kid fucking around with another little kid， Like that's a lot of flirting， know。

 being playfully provocative， Where is it very heavy， know， is it a little bit rushed。

 a little bit forced instead of being grounded， I it kind of leaning towards a girl kind of grasping。

 you know， I it like someone trying to。Complete themselves with the other person or someone just fully at ease and in love with who they are and just sharing that love with the women they're interacting with。

 Okay so you need to start tuning your RA。 Okay， this is your reticular activation system。

 your selective focus if you will。 for example， if you look around whatever environment you're in right now watching this video。

 you didn't pick up on all the little details because there's just too much。

 So you only pick up on you know， whatever has relevance or value to you。

 And right now what I'm telling you is start being aware of this deeper layer。

 and you're gonna start seeing it everywhere。 see it in other people， but also see it in yourself。

 And you really need to start cultivating this self-love。 When I go out， I feel amazing。

 I feel awesome。 And that there is what really gets me the results， you know that I get， of course。

 you need somewhat of a technical side。 But this is a lot more important。 so。😊，Be aware of it。 Okay。

 and remember， it's pre verbalbal。 You can't really put this into words。

 You emotionally recognize it only。 Okay， so how do you cultivate this， Okay， first of all。

 and we're gonna build this， you know， in different layers。 Like right now。

 we just kind of defined it。 The first step is start buying into yourself。OkayWhat does that mean。

 step out of social conditioning as we've previously discussed you can't be viewing yourself through those layers of。

 you know where do I stand， let's just say you know in terms of looks in terms of money。

 what is know on the scale of society， if you will。

 step out of that you need to view yourself through your own through the lens of your own reality if you will And when I view myself。

 I'm like you know what， it's all about the behavioral cues， It's not the visual cues。

 don't get sucked into that。 And what is more attractive。

 let's just say we live in a world of behavioral cues which we do， but we block it off。But let's say。

 again， right now， you're in this world where all that matters is behavioral cues。

What is more attractive than a guy bettering himself， you know， that's game。

 It's like finding ways to make yourself more attractive in terms of being more confident。

 more at ease， more happy， more grounded， more resourceful， more dominant， if you will。

 What is more attractive than that。You know， you are， as I like to say the top 1%， you know。

 you're the guy who's pursuing this journey， you know。

 who's aiming to reach his potential And it's not going the wrong way in terms of say cultivating a lot of money to gay girls。

 Okay， there's nothing wrong with cultivating money is as long it's for herself and to gain access to more experience but not for girls。

 The same with looks。 It's like don't get healthy for girls， do it for you。

But if you want to be attractive to women， you are the top 1% and you have to realize that。 You know。

 don't get sucked into the bullshit。 You are the shit。 You're the shit right now。

 justca you're on this path。 Okay， and remember as well。

 the potential of value is equally as attractive as having value right， fucking now。 Okay。

 so that step 1。 when you're out， it's like top 1%。 baby。

 start changing your interpretation of reality and viewing it through this lens of behavioral cues。

 Okay， not social conditioning。 behavioral cues。😡，And you have to really stop viewing women as being like up here and you being down here。

Okay， and even realistically， it's like， guys， this is my favorite example。 You。

 I have a client who's。Let's just say late 30s， early 40s。

 accomplished a lot in his life in terms of say business， travel experience。

 yet he goes out to a nightclub， sees a 21 year old girl stunning， okay， physically stunning。

 but freezes。And you really have to like， sit down and kind of， you know。

 break down what's happening here because because it doesn't make sense。 You know。

 it's like what did， and it's not being negative towards the girl or judging the girl。

 But what did this girl really。You know， go through or accomplish in terms of a value scale that would make this guy feel intimidated。

 You know， logically， it's like， look， this guy's gone through a lot more bullit。

 He's a lot more grounded。 He has a lot more experience。 He's done all these things。

 This girl's pretty much new to life。 You know， she's at the starting point。 Why would you be afraid。

 Why would you be placing her up here。You know， view her as an equal。 You know， go up and be like。

 hey， let me， let me show you what what I've learned， you know， and like start biting into that。

 You should have a 100% confidence。 Okay， and that's really like step one。 It's like。

 you got to snap out of that socially conditioned view of just placing women on a pedestal and。

You know， start giving yourself permission to just feel at ease and be yourself around her。You know。

Get rid of judgment as well。 and this is one of the keys。 Okay， so you heard me say this， okay。

 when you feel like you deserve the girl， attraction is automatic okay， when there's， you know。

 not that girl in a pedestal and a lot of that you know feeling entitled if you will。

 comes from scarcity。 if you think of entitlement， it really comes from scarcity or abundance。

 If you're in scarcity， you're not going to feel very entitled。

 you're going to feel very stifled and the girls up here and you're going you know kind of freeze。

 This is why a lot of guys freeze。 They see a girl they like。 and they're like， oh my God。

 thiss my only chance。 I better do well if not I'm fucked if not I'm going to feel like shit。

 If not there's no other hot girls here and you'll never succeed coming from the frame of mind there。

Okay， so what you want to do is you want to， you know， change that to abundance。 And by doing that。

 you got to let go of even viewing the girls through that superficial layer。 If you're able。

 and this is what I tell my clients， if you're able to have genuine fun with a girl who's。

Say not who you don't necessarily find that attractive as a girl who you find attractive。

 Then guess what， You've transitioned into abundance。 Why。

 cause you can be talking to this beautiful woman or you can be talking to a girl you're not that attracted to。

 You've just as much fun。😊，And there's less pressure。

 It's not like it's not as scarce as like this is my only chance。Okay， remember。

 the more optionality the hat you have， the more mistakes you can make， you don't care if you。

 you messed up with one because there's more options。

 And then you kind of allow yourself to start feeling entitled and putting yourself out there without you know。

 microman And remember， too， if you're judging the girl based on her looks。

 you're gonna start reinforcing that reality where everyone's judging you based on your looks and those superficial things that really don't matter。

 Okay， get rid of rating as well as a little side note。 Okay， I'll say it' still in some videos like。

 oh， a girl was a 9 out of 10。 She was a 10 out of 10。 She was a 6 out of 10。 just to make， you know。

 the point clear。But to truly start。Feeling at ease and again。

 cultivating this self level where you're like really bought into yourself and feeling completely comfortable around these women。

 get rid of that rating system。 Okay， it's just a girl is a girl。 It's feminine energy。

 It is what it is。 That's the frame of mind you should be coming from okay。Now from there。Okay。

 and actually one last thing to realize this， okay， a girls。Pysique， if you will。

 will never make up for a shitty personality。And this is huge， huge。

 huge guys they place women on such high pedestals just where their looks。

 but they don't even know anything about the girl。It's like you could be talking to a girl and she has the worst personality ever and trust me。

 like， say there's no match， there's no chemistry or you just don't like her as a person at all。Hot。

 look like being hot。It doesnn't make up for it because trust me， looks。

Mean shit in the in the long term。 Okay， it's like you want it at first for the validation。 Sure。

 And， but I'm sure you've experienced this。 You see a really beautiful girl you sleep with her。

 And what happens as soon as you finish。And she's still as hot as before。 No， something she's like。

 oh， you're like， she just kind of loses that， you know。

 that value because you were doing it for the validation。 the same as a relationship。 Okay， I'm sure。

 like depending on who you are， and you can take my word for it。

 say you've dated a beautiful girl before after a while。😊，She's not that。 Oh my Godsh。

 She's so beautiful because you got used to her。 And then how you're left with is a personality in the chemistry。

 So don't get bought into that。 Okay， the way I view it is， I see a girl who I find attractive。

'm like， okay， she's attractive。 I'm going to go say hi， but I'm not fully sold yet。 I'm not like。

 oh， she's all up here。 And I'm down here。 I'm like， let's go find out who she is。

 Let's go find out if there is chemistry。😊，Okay。Now， from there。

 you need to know also exactly in which way you'll benefit other people because in interaction。

 you know， it really is a value exchange。 And if you don't know what value you're offering the girl。

 You're not going to feel entitled。 You're not going to feel at ease。

 And this is also where self-lo comes into play。 like you need to look at yourself and be like。

 what can I offer this girl， where's where's my value exchange。

 And you don't have to overthink it and don't get sucked into the you know。

 superficial things like money or looks， like I have money to offer her。

 the baseline is just a fucking good time， a good time an abundance of good。

 positive emotions of being carefree Okay， like those are just huge， like fun and carefreeness like。

Everyone is chasing those， you know， if you could just feel that for a little while。

 like just actually having fun and just not giving a fuck。God， man， like you're。

 you're gonna be like chasing that like crazy。 So just offering her that is good enough and realize that that there is value。

You， you don't have to like impress her with all these lines or like try and like you know。

 demonstrate higher value with your job or your resume， just offer a bit of fun and carefreeness。

You know， there's a fucking value exchange。 You know， and then the girl， too， you know。

 you really look at yourself， you know， start giving yourself props。 Look at even where。

 where say you're growing up， like where people have been continuously give you props， you know。

 throughout your life， it's like， oh， you're awesome at this。 You're awesome at that。 Like。

 start viewing yourself and being like， yeah， I am awesome at this。 I cant offer fun。 Okay。

 no matter who you are， you have value to fucking offer just by the fact that you are unique， Okay。

 but you have to look at your strengths， what you have to offer and really view it clearly。

 you have to have that clear fucking vision so that when you're out， even if it's a scary。

Situation or you're going up to a girl and you say you do place around on that pedestal。

 At least you know you have that to offer。 and that'll help massively。 Okay。

 embrace who you are as well。 And that's very important in terms of developing this good feeling of like just really loving yourself and being at ease with yourself。

 you can't try or pretend to be someone else。Okay you may even be watching some videos of me speaking。

 so you go on YouTube and you see some videos and you're like。

 I w want to be like that and you try to kind of act like me but no matter how hard you try to be someone else or to act like someone else。

 you're always gonna to be the cheaper， shittier version of that person。

The only person you can be like the best of is you right here。Okay， and you need to embrace that。

 You need to embrace being weird， if you will。 Okay， don't try to be like everyone else。

 Don't try to be someone that you're not be yourself and start transcending that and expanding on that。

 Okay， so go back to your core。 You know， that's what I if even in terms of me and the shit that I say。

 like what I find amusing。Like I like to go up to girls and be like。

 what would you do with spit out some like crazy you story or like hypothetical situation？

And this is something I always love to do ever since I was a fucking kid。 You know。

 I would do it like even with my mom。 like， what do you do if aliensla landed in the backyard。

 Like that's me， I was always into that。 I was always into bore at like sense of humor。 You know。

 like kind of like spiking things。 or stretching the social narrative and making it a little bit awkward。

 I would do that， you know， with my family， I'd do it sometimes even at school。 like that。

 that was always me。 And I embraced that。 And you have like the filters of game and you take your original personality and just shove it through that。

 okay。Yeah， imitation is suicide， just remember that。Another one is what you can't fix your feature。

And this is huge in terms of。Self love。 It's like whatever you， you don't really like about yourself。

 because everyone has that。 You know， everyone's like， oh， there's this thing that right。

 I just can't make it cool。 It's like you got to start featuring that。 You know。

 it's like whatever insecurity you have， put it out there and start buying into it。 Okay， remember。

 it's your reality， your rules。 When she's going up to you， She doesn't care about that either。

 You know， she doesn't care about this superficial stuff。 She's like。

How on top of the internals is this guy， Is he comfortable with himself， is he yet ease。

 And if the answer is yes， it's all good。If you're completely ob with who you are 100%。

 she'll like you， and if you're fully bought into it。

 what you'll even notice is girls will even question themselves on it。

It's like I've gone up to girls。Let's just say， you know。

 right now I'm like really on top of my health again， I kind of let it slack with the travel。

 but I went up to girls when I was like sacking off and say girls were really healthy and they would just start buying and eating unhealthy。

Or like being unhethy or like overworking stuff。 I've gone up to girls where now I'm like back on top of massively and they're unhethy。

 and they get sucked into it。 I went up to girls。 I'm like， this is cool。 And。

 and they start binding like， is it cool。 It's like everyone's just always looking elsewhere for what to think what to value。

 the same with social conditioning。 It's like， you're looking around you for society to tell you this is cool。

 this is not cool。 And we're constantly paying off the environment。

 If you go up to girl and you have that 100% belief。 like this is cool。 I'm the shit。

 I'm the man for you。😊，She has that same mechanism as you and she's going to start buying into adss and viewing you through that lens there。

 okay， if that makes sense。UP yourself out there unapologetically as well。

it's like whatever whoever you are， you know it's like put it out there， whatever you like。

 put it out there， whatever your intentions are， put it out there。

 Okay and what I would say in terms of that because that too。

 like people don't really want to like express who they because they're afraid of offending people like other people。

 And what I always do is I just I just look at the place it's coming from。

 And as long as it's coming from a place of good intentions and you should ask yourself to。

 it's like if what you're doing like you're not trying to offend anyone you're not trying to be mean。

 as long as it's good intentions， trust in that there and just fucking do it。Okay， like， yeah。

 there are some people who are not going to relate as much。But that's ultimately out of your control。

 And you can be like， oh， I'm sorry， I was just kidding and leave。

 But it was coming from a place of good intentions。 So for me， that's kind of like my， my compass。

 It's like， it's good intentions。 I'm all out。 This is me。

 and I'm not even afraid of imposing myself because guess what it's good intentions。

 I want to make people have fun。 I want to make people feel good around me。

 And it kind of becomes a self- fulfillfilling prophecy that way。😊，Okay。

 start being interested in yourself。Okay， it's like， what are you into， Okay。

 like like a lot of introspection。 Remember games is a lot of introspection。 It's like。

 what do you like， What are you into， You know， what type of music do you like， What's your humor。

 What's your， what are you passionate about， What excites you when you're out， what。

 What could you do that you would find fun that would make you happy， You know。

 a little exercise you can do is go out a few nights and just like， tell yourself， you know。

 you're not gonna go home with a girl at the end of the night， no matter what。

 and you're kind of stuck in detention if you will， You're there。 Nothing's gonna happen。

 And then just kind of see what comes up， It's like you can spend those， you know。

2 to 4 hours in a club or a bar。😊，Just doing nothing。

Or you could do whatever would make you feel good。 And then you'll kind of see at a core level what makes you feel good。

 And then you can start sharing that with the girls。 Okay， from there， start cultivating it。 Okay。

 you have to be the best version of you possible。😊，And and that's what the girls go for。 Okay， like。

 she's gonna go for the best。 If there's a beautiful girl， you know， it's like she wants to。

 if a girl's on top of her shit， let's say she wants to be with a guy who was on top of his shit。

 And you gotta be the best you that you can be。 If someone else is being a better version of themselves。

 She should go with them。 Okay， so it's kind of like finding out who you are and start cultivating that。

 Now， there are many ways of going about it。 You know， I was like found my sense of humor。😊。

Quite unique to me or like again， kind of boraish。 So I started cultivating that。 You know。

 I would I was like， how can I kind of expand this， You know。

 it's like because I would feel good when I'd fuck around like that。

 So I would say start watching some standup comedy。 Id start watching comedy shows。

 I started reading all these different comedians or writers or TV show writers on Twitter and seeing how they're like structuring their tweets。

 Like where did this wit come from。 I cultivated it that way。

 when I first started out I also wanted to be a little bit more like badass， like the bad boy。

 So I started listening to all this like know gangster rap watching all these movies and tuning in my particular activation system。

 R onto what made everyone so unique。 So I start taking all these features and start。

Cultivating that foundation。 So you need to do that， too。 It's like who you are at a core level。

 whatever you find funny， whatever you love， cultivate it and start reinforcing it。 Okay， remember。

 you have to make your lifestyle congruent to the new you who you want to become So start managing your influences。

 that means cutting off bad influences， but also replacing them with influences that are beneficial to you in reinforcing those core strengths or traits。

 if you will。 be passionate about yourself as well。 and this will naturally happen。

 like when I go out and I say something that I genuinely find funny， the passion。

 the excitement comes out。 and that'll transfer onto the girl。 know， if I'm like， oh。

 what do you do if like that's what sucks her in， So you need to find again。

 like how can you keep yourself engaged。😊，嗯。And that'll that'll just attract tons of fucking people。

 You know， it's like there's fun。 It's a fun， carefree， passionate or engaged。

 Those would be like the three。People always want to have more fun and a lot of people don't have fun。

 know a lot of people live a very boring life it's like boring life， boring job， boring friends。

 do boring things and think everyone else is bored like them。 A lot of people are just bored。

If you offer some fun， though everyone wants to have more fun， you offer some like passion。

 Everyone wants to be more passionate。 I doubt you have that many friends who are passionate about something okay and then you offer that care freeness just like being able to relax。

There you go。 Everyone wants to be around that。 And again， it's a feeling。The same is stress。

 the same is anger that's going to draw。You know， everyone in。

You know that's why I cultivate it when I'm out。That's really what I'm thinking。 of course。

 I'm going to be interacting with women。 I'm going to be breaking everything down。

 but my main focus is how can I cultivate。This， how can I cultivate this feeling？You know。

 if I do this， I'm going to feel a little bit better。 If I do this。

 I'll feel a little bit more carefree。 If I do something that's congruent。

 I'm going to feel passionate about it because it's congruent to who I am as a person。

 And I just start building that。 I start feeling entitled， I start buying into it。 I'm like。

 this is the standard。 I don't get sucked into the superficial shit。

 like placing girls on a pedestal。 And even there， because I'm so into what I'm saying。

 I'm only focused on that。 Like I'm focused on being making myself feel good。

 I'm not even focused on the girls。😊， so there is no outcome， there is no pedestal。嗯。But。

 but that's key。 Okay， be passionate。 Step out of that walking days that you're in and use girls' reactions as well to。

 to reinforce and cultivate this。You know， reality where it's like， you're the shit。 you know。

 and you love yourself。 It's like， I'm the shit。 And whatever she says。

 you need to start thinking about creative ways to reinforce that。 Okay。

 so if the girl gives you a congruence test， she's like， you know what，re。

 you're not model looking or something。 You'd be like， you know， that makes me more attainable。

 So it's kind of you take it And you embrace it and amplify like y。

 that's how it makes me more awesome。 This is what that's why I love myself。 And this is a skill。

 you can develop as well。 Okay， anything take it and amplify this selflo。 And from there。

 like even on a more technical side， you can make things more captivating as well。 Okay， so。😊。

How how do you do that Okay， I mean the best example I can give you is go in my go watch some of my videos on YouTube Okay。

 and you know， especially let's just say some seminar videos if you go on YouTube。

 co s Julian free tour。You'll see some seminars and you know， a lot of it's like。In my opinion。

 being very modest， pretty funny， you know， no big deal。 And I just notice the way I go about。

Explaining the content。 Okay， and this is very important。 It's like。If you don't make。

Expressing yourself something that's engaging， something that's captating for you。

 but else for the other person， they're not going fucking listen。 Okay， so you go up to a girl。

 she's not going to acknowledge you if you're like， hey at all。 the same with even a seminar。

 if I' like who would like it was content。 it's just too boring。 even if the content's good。Okay。

 so if you look at it。Notice how I go about it and see the concept behind it。 It's how I explain it。

 So I could be like， you know。You have to really amplify the self love。

Because when you love yourself， that'll transform into the people around you。 and they will love you。

 too。 There's like a concept。 Now， how could I say， It's like， you know what。

 you gotta be fuck narcissist， Take mom fuckcker。 You got to be like amplify that self love。

 And when you get there， the girls will want to suck your dick。Okay， now it's the same concept。

But I had a fucked on a graphic。In that other ways， it's just cap。 You're like oldly fuck。

 It's kind of like shark market captivating。 Okay， and you got to do that with your personality interacting with women。

 It's like， hey， I'm John， It's like。Amplified， you know， and you can do this by speaking and say。

 you know， what I call different frequencies。 So， for example。

 here's a frequency when I'm talking to you like this。 Like， hey， what's up， How's it going。

 And a lot of people just talking in one frequency， But you can be， hey what's up， Okay。

 what about this。 Oh， maybe， it's like different。Frequencies， okay， like high energy， low energy。

 like if you will， you can switch between like， say talking at a fast pace versus a slow pace。

 and and I'll do this like at an extreme level， But even in like a video here。

 There are different frequencies。 There are different， you know， paces。 It's still engaging。

 It's still captivating。 It's not me like a fucking robot like。So with the self love。

 what you have to understand is and that's how a lot of people talk。It's crazy。

It also is because we're creatures of habit we find habit in the way we talk。

 but a lot of people just talk very flat it can even be high energy。

 but they're like they're always high energies like hey or the same volume， the same cadence。

 the same speed if you will and you need to add more of a range okay make it dynamic talk faster of it talk slow。

 talk loud， talk quiet， talk you know it's like。Add some graphic。 Add some fucking swear words， even。

 Okay， if you don't want to swear， you don't have to。 but like anything that just adds。

A captivating feeling to it。 Okay， don't just focus on the basic。 It's like， start marketing it。

 if you will。 Okay， market it for yourself。 So you're engaged by what you're saying and funny enough。

 it's kind of like it goes two ways。 You're engaged by it。

 and that'll transform the girl and funny enough， trying to market it keeps you engaged。

 And that'll also transform the girl。So that's something that that I've been doing a lot。 Okay。

 like adding this whole graphic。Putting your body into it helps as well as a little side note on the technical side。

 if you're just standing still， it's very hard to make it captivating or engaging or passionate。

 you have to be fucking moving around like you fully put your body into it。U。And， and。

 and to amplify， too， on the technical side iss like， you need to know， you know。

 like exactly what triggers which emotion within yourself。 Okay， so self auseement is big here。

 you know， it's like the art of making yourself feel amused， feel good。

 And what I'd recommend to you is， you know， sit down and see what your core。Traits are。

 but even when going out， you know， when you， when you get into that zone。

 because that'll still happen， no matter what you'll kind of get into that zone。

 just look at how you were feeling， what you were saying， what your interactions。

Looked like and logically start breaking it down。 It was like， oh。

 I was saying stuff along along this humor here。 Oh。

 I was doing these things and you'll start seeing all the patterns。

 and you can kind of redo them and access that same emotion。Okay， so to kind of recap it all。

 Remember， okay， whatever you feel， she feels。 If you don't know how to make yourself feel good。

 If you don't know how to amplify who you are in a congruent way， be the best you can be。

 be passionate， you know， in love with， with yourself feeling good。

 feeling like abundance and carefree。😊，She's not necessarily gonna want to be around that。

 That's how you become the warmer of the pool。 That's what gets girls chasing me。

 It's not the little techniques。 It's not the little pushes。 I'll still do those。

 They'll mainly naturally happen。 But even if I did。

 the reason the push works and she comes back is because she wants to be around that。 You know。

 when I go out， I'm like focusing on this。 I' like， how can I just build this fucking feeling。

 you know， And how can I keep it。 And what'll happen is the more you go out and you really hit your peak。

 the more your default starting point goes up a bit。 And everyone has a default state， if you will。

 a default feeling。 You know when you wake up in the morning。You could be happy。

 You could be extremely like when you're rocking around during the day， you could be in your head。

 You could be out of your head me before finding out about all this。 I was extremely in my head。

And by doing this and continuously doing this， my default starting point would go win up。

 And now when I wake up and I'm out during the day， I'm pretty much the same as I am now。 know。

 like even in the past， I probably have to like warm up to shoot a video like this。 here。

 I can just like sit down and crack into it。You also addict yourself to that feeling。

 It becomes familiar。 It becomes a habit if you will。 becomes who you are。

 So just really starts working on this。 Okay， it's a lot of concepts。

 And this is quite hard to put into words because remember， it's something that's preverbal。

 But every little piece of information I give you here is pointing in the direction of what it actually is。

 So just start being aware of it， start tuning your R。

 okay into what you see in other people into that preverbal。

 if you're talking to a girl and say one of your friends comes in or your wings and it's just more on point。

 notice the difference in the vibe。 It's like it should be more like that。

 Youll be able to put in words， but start aiming to get there， sit down and reflect on who you are。

 what you're into， amplify it， manage influences to amplify what you want to amplify。

 and anything is a fucking influence。 You watch a movie。You look for it。 tune your R I S into like。

 okay， what can I take out of this。 What traits like， oh， how does this resonate with my personality。

 Take little bits of pieces and start。Expanding on who you are。Okay。Gets like， even， you know。

 like your're the biggest idol should be yourself。 But be inspired by other people and take the traits you want。

 Okay and really start creating your own reality。 Don't get sucked into the superficial shit at all。

 It's like me， my world， my world。 I'm the in a non narcissistic way， The God of my world。

 And this is Ke， too。 When I say self love。 It doesn't mean you love yourself and you hate everyone else。

 It's more so， because even that is a form of judging other people。 It's like， oh， they suck。

 It's more so getting rid of judgments completely。 They're not above me， They're not below me。

It just is。 And the last thing Ill leave you with here in this video is make sure。

That even though you love yourself and you amplify who you are， though you still make it relatable。

 Okay， if I go up and there's something I want to say that's like a boraat kind of obnoxious type of。

 you know， funny thing。 And the girl doesn't relate。 I'm not going to keep going down that route。

 or I'm not going to be like， fuck off。 Then。 I'm going to be like， oh， she can't relate here。

 Let me slow it down and maybe choose a different course of action that's still congruent to me and how I feel that she's able to relate to。

 You have to meet the girl on a， you know， common， emotional ground， if you will。

And and this is something you master until the fucking day you die。 But really， okay。

 be the best you don't imitate and the girls will come as a fucking byproduct of that。

