# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：（英文字幕 不推荐看））：07.转变内场系列：09.如果你不能真实【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So with the finale here， this video really encompasses everything that we talked about in this section with the overarching theme of authenticity。

 I couldn't think of a better way to wrap things up here and just really combine it altogether together。

I mean， yeah， just sit back and enjoy。 I'll play through this one。 And remember。

 we always underestimate the value of authenticity。 Okay， this here is what we're all after。

 It's what we all need， and it's what we all。Have inside underneath the bullshit。

 Let go of the bullshit until you're left with。10 seconds eachch， just real fast。Let's just do this。

 What are you excited about right now， What are you proud about， what turns you on in life。

10 seconds， go。B right here my fucking how excited is he。 this is big。

 and it translates interactions。 like， I want you to talk about something。 And we all have this。

 You may not think you do， but there is something that turns you to fuck on。

 I want you to get so turned on。 so turned on by what you're saying。😡。

That you even forget about the crowd and like emotions take over。

 It's like whatever the fuck it is you， it could be like what you're passionate about if you're into playing an instrument。

 It's like when I play this， like something of you just really get carried away by what you're talking about。

 even if it's fucking porn， talk about porn， it's like， yeah， when I fucking like。😡。

like something that like takes over。 Like， I want to see a aliveness。

 I want to see adding to the vibe versus I'm so happy everyone to be here。

 And I'm happy about my girlfriend。 you're talking you feels like again。

 You're talking about like the saddest thing。 You know， it's like， I drove here。

 And I was stuck in traffic and excitement。 What turns you on。 Let's logically go over。

 What turns you on。 One thing a pusy。😊，Now loud to the group。👏10 seconds。Talk about it I know。

10 seconds， talk about it， and I want people to get sucked in， add to it carried away。

Like jerking my dick on a nice phone how do you do it？

With the girl really looking like innocent is fuck。barely 18。ing desk like holding the desk。No， no。

 that's。No。没有。I first of all， really fucking good。 I will just reinforce。 It's not about the thing。

 It's the place coming from。 It's not about the pussy licking。 It's the vibe behind it。

 This is really good。 Like just that。 And then， of course， like the crowd reinforcing it。

 like that will you up。 If you ask even your question like that or you communicated like， hey。

 so da da， it would add to the crowd。 It's very different than So Ju da。 know， the you know。

 I like my girlfriend， it's like pussy licking。 whatever you're in。😊，😀You know。

 there was a guy last week at the hot seat。 He， He was like， you know， what really turns me on。

 And it actually was like， it was very interesting a little weird。 But then we made it good。

 He's like， but it always makes me cry。 I'm like， what the fuck。 Like， he's like。

 it's game of Thrones。 And I'm like what， And I kid you not。 It's like。

 this is my favorite example being carried away。 He's like， Julian， there's this character name Hoor。

😊，And。And I'm like， let's say， I okay， where is this gonna go。 And he starts getting carried away。

 And like， ideally， this is all I want from all of you And is like， Hoor。

 And the writer added the seed of Hoor and sees1， but he didn't talk about it for six years，6 years。

 And you find out the meaning of Hoor。 And I was like， like tears in his eyes for Hoor。

 you need to reach that point。 It's like， you know， you forget you're at a seminar。

 you're lost in what the fuck you're saying。 So in the beginning have。 he。 hes like not。

You see a story why this guys called Hol and it's like， wow， it's crazy man。

 it's really it's impossible， this writer， since the beginning， he planted this seed。In this story。

 and then he wrote about 5000 pages about something else。 and then again。C to the end。

 you just have this。 and when I saw this， I was like crying and smiling and laughing and the same time can you imagine？

Awesome， dude。👏Like this is honestly like， yeah， the best example。 It's like。

 notice how you start talking。 And first it its like， you gave yourself that little push。

 but then it just takes over。 Now， this is one tool to get there。 But guess what。

 in any interaction or whoever you're at， you should get lost in whatever you're saying why。

 not because even of the content because you're the one who's saying it。

 And you need to realize like all these words。 All these actions are simply the vehicle for people to experience you。

 And that's why fully commit to everything I say， I could come up here and talk about fucking cooking。

 you will get sucked the fucking into what I'm saying。And when I fucking get that steak。

 I unwrappped the package。 and I kid you not。 like， I'm actually not that good of a cook。 like there。

 it's like， you'd be like， what， what， the cook， the packet the steak。

 like that that alive that boom and the pupils。Now you're kind of thinking again。

 you're kind of losing it。 Think about pussy lick。 Think about pussy licking。

Okay there now when we're alive， this is like， bring that out。 You， What do you find passionate。

 Not hustling。 How you， What you， What are you passionate about， I got to be honest with you。 Yes。

 what I find really， what I'm really passionate， I'm afraid， yes。😊，That's this。Please，Oneon day。

I will look into the mirror。ll see myself。So good。So proud。 like huge。 Oh， describe it。

The details be so ripped Is all over my stomach。 are bump。I'm going toSa to the crowds。

 just bring in the crowd even louder， if you are more passionate， you'd be so fucking loud。

7 fucking cars Now， if you all do a little different for you， it's like here。

 we kind of tap in that passion for you， amp it up even more。

 So think right now you're delivering Shakespeare on fucking stage。

 It's like this is your preaching right now， it's like like you're fucking preaching。

 I want a full range。 I want loud I， I fast。 I want slow。 You know， it's like when I'm talking。

 if I was like，'s still good， it's still kind of stiff。 It's like， you're in front of a crowd。

 I was like so everyone with abundance I really want it's like it's cool。

 It's better than abundance's yeah， it's cool but it's not like that same it doesn't bring people in。

 like I want that。 It's like。Add the emotion。 Like。

 I want real passion because that doesn't feel like real passion。 It's like， if that's not。

 it's like， what turns you on to the point， It's like real limit。That's what I want， like alive。

Whatever it is， it's not the thing。 What makes you feel life。If it's nothing。

 this is something everyone should think about。 because if you don't know what turns you on。

 Good luck。 dumb it down， anything。 Just fucking out of that passion。 So things is look this。

When I have like my Irish day， like， I'm on university， I'm studying my shit。

 and I feel bored out of my mind。 dude， This is so boring。 Make us interested in make people like。

 you should see people's faces light up too。 Come on。😊，Alive when I go train after that fucking day。

 I feel so fulfilled。 Look at the。 Yeah， I feel so fulfilled when I， when I go punch that fucking。

 How so like zone in in detail because like it's a tendency to keep it very general。 It's like。

 you feel fulfilled。 cool， What exactly。 And just keep talking about how fulfilled and in which ways you are fulfilled。

 Keep reinforcing that， Go。😊，6パし。Do it， shit。Things like this Shahkespeare fucking to the crowd。

 to the crowd， reel them in。I do my shit。 Like so good。 I'm looking at myself in the mirror。

 And I see that fucking bunch coming through。 And I see it's the bare impact of my fucking fist going through。

 It's so good。 Make it the best speech anyone's ever heard。 This should be like present。

 like presidential speech。 Don't imitate Donald Trump or Hillary。 Not Donald Trump or Hillary。

 better， better。 like you should be like， imagine， like right now， I give you 20 seconds to live。

 These are the last 20 seconds where you can express yourself and share yourself with everyone。

 The last 20 seconds。 Make him count。I'm counting 20191817， the z。You didn't do shit with your life。

What did you do， You didn't accomplish anything。 You didn't live your passions。

 You should go out and do it fucking shit。 You should go out do whatever fuck it is。

 You should go study， go train， go pick up girls。 Hi， pause， pause， pause， pause， pause， man。 Like。

 this is really your last dying words。😡，Not the words。 but like， where's the passion dude like。

 if you were going die， you'd be like， I'd throw myself in the fucking for， Sc be like， well。

 I like I'd go all out。 Go all out。😡，Cose man， fucking let it out， come on。Go right now。Bring it。

 Wel them in。 Don't look at me。 Look at them and just bring it。 This is it。 Your only chance。 Like。

 after this was switching to her， you'll never have this chance again。 reel them in。

You have 10 seconds starting now。😀はははは。Soop， no no。

 that's your fucking ego and your mind getting in the way。 I don't want this。 I can't I cat。

 That's giving up。😡，Bll through。Talk about it， talk about what's so hard about doing it。

 talk about that。Right now it's like the most passionate thing that's on your mind is probably how you can't do this。

 talk about that。Things that it。 don't tell me。 Tell them。 It's so difficult。

 How don't know what you're looking for。 You fucking you want to grasp want to you want to have that thing that youre looking for。

 but talk about how you're pushing out。 I don't want this fact。 Like It's like， no。

 that's like you're going to your stories。 Talk about you're pushing out right now。

 Talk about frustration。 Are't you frustrated， You can't let loose right now。 I'm so frustrated。

 Yeah， don't look it。 No， it's like，'t。😡，Talk about that。Like， talk about that。

 whatever you're feeling， harness that。 If you're frustrated， you should be like， fuck guys。

 I just keep like， God damn it。 I can't do it like instead of okay。

 or or go into like classic stories。 so passionate about to talk about it。

 I' I'm desperate looking for it。 but I didn't。 Keep more personal。 Don't go into stories。

 Keep more personal。 Just narrate what you feel。 harnessness it。😡，I always knew that I special。

I haven't found it yet。 It's freaking me to fuck out。 It's freaking me to fuck out guys， seriously。

 And I'm gonna find it one thing。 I can't tell you for fucking sure I'm gonna find it one day。

 You can find it now if you let loose， and he finally stopped。Keeping yourself caged in， man。

That's I' saying it's like， you're in the hustle。 like， I trying to force it。 You can't force。

 It's like just at some point， fuck it。Fuck it， fuck that front。

 And notice that you just keep going those same narratives， talking about passion， Talk about hustle。

 F the narratives， disrupt the patterns， bringring some realness out。 Like， if I were you dude， like。

 honestly right now， like what I'd be feeling is shit。 I can't bring it out。 Fuck。

 Why can't I bring it out。 I talk about that versus I'm gonna find the passion。 people， F that shit。

 That's like some dumb story you're saying， I want realness。 I'm want authenticity。

t know We talk about that shit。 don't tell them what they want to hear。 what you're actually feeling。

 if you're confused， harness that。 talk about the confusion。It's really difficult because。

 I'll stop you there， man like。Like。It saying to hear that you will never find what you want to like。

 the meaning of your life。 I so passionate about it。 think about that。

Honestly you will never find anything you will die tomorrow。Well， let's bring it out。 Let's。

 let's bring it out with a couple of size。 like what I will say is like this should be like， like I。

 if I were you would be like so pissed on myself right now， It's insane。

 You don't look pissed at all。 I'd be like， honestly， like， you're here。

 You have this opportunity to express yourself and you fuck it up like a little pussy。

 You don't even try。 It's not even fucking it up trying。 It's you pussy out。😡，And honestly， like。

 this is the most disappointing shit I've ever seen。 And like， I don't even know what to do。

 It's like， I'm disgusted by it。 Straight up， disgusted。And again。

 does that make you feel like smiling。 Youre， No， it's like， be disgusted。 Are' you disgusted。 Like。

 what do you feel right now。😊，I feel like I still have fun。You have to fight。Yeah。

 you're still hooked on that story。Drop that story， dude。 Like the fact that right now， like。

 I'm like， you， I'm disgusted and it does nothing to you。 You're just like， but I got to find it。

 I got to find it。What the fuck， Are you like so lost。 You're just in lost touch with reality。

 I got to find it。 I got to find it。😀Like， if you walk down the street and someone gets hit by a car and dies。

 I that gonna you going to feel something or you'd be like， I got to find it。 I got to find it。

 I must find it。 Get everyone。 Oh， De person。 I must find it。 Get out of your head， man。Okay。

 now obviously， I'm not disgusted。 Like， I'm saying this to provoke shit。

 And the fact it's not provoking shit。 That should be the warning bit。 Like。

 you've got to get in your body。 man。 Go to bring some fucking authenticity。 I see this fake front。

 this constructed fake front。 I'm gonna find it。 No one's gonna be piss you for finding it。

 I'm so perfect。 I'm chasing my passion。 Is anyone not like chasing passion。 Is anyone against that。

 Everyone approves of me。 And someday I will find it。 Is anyone against that， finding it someday。 No。

 No， okay， fuck that， dude， fuck this narrative。😡，Realness， authenticity， Tell them what you feel。

 stop trying to be so perfect and cool。 If you feel frustrated， if you feel sad， if you feel like。

 fuck， why can I do it， harnessness that。What do you feel right now。I gotta find it。 can Sha it。

 What do you feel， I feel like a mixture I feel like someday you're gonna find it。😊，Someday。

 everyone， someday。I feel like I'm spinning circle I can guarantee you this。

 Like you want so well to do right。 And so does everyone's like。

 we're trying so do well to like be right， do right。 If I do everything right， people will like me。

 people are craving authenticity。 It's not about right or like wrong。

 It's like they want authenticity。 We crave it。 There was a guy last。

 Was it last week Yeah I was week in Amsterdam。 He had a different kind of constructed front。

 You have the very selfhel junky front。 He had the class clown front。 here is at Amsterdam。

 at Amsteram。 Yeah， you remember the guys like， like he was like kind of class cloudowny。

 kind of like some people here like， oh， bring me up， bring me up。 And it's like， yeah。

 he puts on the front He， everyone。 Yeah， I'm in front at the stage。😊，It's good。

 it's a very well crafted front。Now。I'm kind of a dick。

 And I use my game skills for this to kind of pierce through that。 I pretty much did the same thing。

 I'm like， dude， the shit's discussing。 I never hang out with you。 And he's like。

 why are you laughing。 Like until it like broke down and he didn't have a choice。 He's like， Yeah。

 I kind of don't feel good。 And then we brought him back up。

 But like that glimpse of you him admitting， know， I kind of feel stupid。 And yeah。

 it is a front connected with fucking everyone。 And everyone right now。

 That's why they're on your side。 They don't care。 It's like what you say。

 They just want to see it's like， because it wakes that shit in them。 It's like。

 let's see some realness。 That's all they want。 It's not about the front。 It's not about the right。

s like where's the authenticity。 What's actually going on。That's it。

 That's what turns people on and stop buying into this little lies。 I'm going find。 I it。

 just like fuck that little programming shit。 What's real。

And that's what also block you from going deep。 Like， what happens if I don't do it。

 Oh but I'm going to find it。 I'm going to find it。 I'm going to find it。 What's real。

Start being honest with yourself until you do that， too。

 you're never going really like yourself because you never are in this with yourself。I guess I guess。

What do you get。I'm going to find it to everyone。 What do you get， What do you get， please。Please。

 what do you get？I get it， I'm fucked up No， you're not。Just stop Just let people see you。

 What are you afraid they're going to see， What are you afraid people are going to see if you stop。

Telling them you're going to find it。What's so bad about that？Now， just this， pause， pause。

 pause like。Look at the crowd right now， this， even though there's not that fucking passion loudness。

 Usually you can awaken it through that。There's a little glimpse of authenticity。

And I can guarantee you right now and correct me if I'm wrong。

 you can all connect a lot fucking more right now。love youThere's a lot more love for you right now than with that front。

A。👏And。👏And again， it's like。You're like funny enough。 It's like， it's very easy to kind of be like。

 oh， I'm a victim。 I'm so far out。 It's like， no， everyone's like this。 I'm like this。 But like。

 that's where you gotta go。That's where you're going to find， what' it？Hit do that。

 that's what you'll find it。 It's right there in that authenticity。

 And that's what everyone should ideally bring out。 And everyone's gonna remember that。

's like someday I wouldn't find it Okay， But like even that look in the eyes。

 and usually it does feel like you do feel a little bit hurt。 But again。

 it's like those life like those crisis points。 It' like that pain and transformation。

 they're always linked。 And it's not pain in the same way where you're like pushing yourself in shit。

 It's pain because it's melting away bullshit。 And it's that's like ego pain。 And for this。

 by the way， you want to go even deeper。 It's like when you hear develop a perverted pleasure in the pain。

 It's not in the pain of always kicking your own ass like carrot stick。

 It's developing a perverted pleasure in the pain with this melting away of shit。 because right now。

 what do you just do with this crowd。 You took your ego and fucking bomb on the chair。😊。

You're literally beating your ego up， and that's why it hurts。You know， but that's the。

 it's like subtleties， nuances， places coming from。 That's the pain。 This is the pain。

 Every time you put on a fake ass front， you get rejected。

 You're like God like there's a part of the nose。 bring that realness。 You bring this out。

 You'll connect with anyone。 You got out tonight。 You bring this out， You'll stand out。

 Don't try to be so perfect。 So good So right。 real。 F right。 Be real。 No matter what that is。

 We underestimate the value of authenticity。 This is what we're all after。

 This is even with this escape。 What am I inspired to you。 Ins authentic。 That's what we're here。

Thats be say。And you brought out a bit， man， which is fucking。Really good。👏I appreciate you。

Basically， the thing is， okay， I get know if he was right all the time。Obviously， and。

What's actually true is。It's hard to accept yourself， as you are。For some people， I mean。

 for everyone and certainly agree， I get it。 And deep down inside。

 I don't give a fuck with any think about it， but I'm also insecure， like everyone。It's consciously。

 we don't give a fuck。 He' also taught like， be strong。 Don't give a fuck。 like one side of me。

 like things， man， you're awesome。 You need to maintain that self image and stuff And the other part。

 It's like you're not that good。 I don't know。You weren't so popular in high school or whatever like。

Yep， conscious， subconscious。 No， it's conscious， subconscious。 consciously， I must do it。

 I must do it。 Subconscious， you're hanging on that。 like you're always dragging it。Bring that up。

 and trust me， it's like， there won't require so much effort。

 And this she'll be permanent because that's too， it's like， if you're in that optimized paradigm。

 the， the scarcity paradigm， you'll never fully get where you want to go。 Again， you'll。

 you'll never find a。Iki， Iki， you'll never find it。

And it' always requires effort to maintain because you're always dragging that or you're running away from you。

 you're afraid of falling。 If you bring this up to speed。You'll finally get there and it's permanent。

 and there's no effort。Like here like you can look up some of my older videos。

 There's somewhere I come up on stage。 It's like I think there're still really good。

 but it's like there's effort for me to do that。 You get addicted to whatever you're feeling the most。

 Like literally， if you're someone who's always negative。 you're gonna find reasons to feel negative。

 if you're someone who's always like stressed out。 you're gonna look for reasons to feel stressed out。

 If you're someone who is used to basically being in that victim mentality and used to rationalize why you're not taking action。

 You're gonna start identifying with that person be like， wow， I'm now that person。

 and I will not let go of that， I'm trying to find every reason， every excuse to fall into that。

 And no matter what anyone tells me， I'm going to find a way to slip back into that mode。

 And you can kind of sense like it's like just think battery like charger like type of energy versus kind of like this like here is' powerful。

 but a lot more loose。 And here I'm a lot louder being modest， a lot funnier， a lot more charismatic。

 a lot a lot wiser。😊，No effort。Is that。You gotta topic it now。right for having Yes， you may go。👏Now。

👏Good。👏What are you passionate about now for you now there's extra pressure It like， oh。

 expectations。 try to nuke that。 Don't try to copy him because this is something we have。 It's like。

 oh， if that person did well， I must copy him or be as loud for you。😊，Do you the best you can do。

 And it could be even loud。 It could be quite like realel a in。Go， okay， okay。

 what I'm really passionate about。 And this might sound a little crazy because theres like a bunch of guys sitting here going for pickup。

😊，I really want to do something for the female community not being so fucked up anymore because I was letting emotions take over。

 you're logically explaining it。 just jump in from the start from the start。

 I was completely fucked up my whole life Like I was like overweight。 I got teased by everybody。

 I was miserable， sad， very， very sad And now what is happening to my life right now is like I start to experience acting like no being in contact with a from a spot of neediness。

 know， I just experience it And this is what is like super amazing to me right now。

 You turn on where you said that dive into that。 What is that。

 How is it different detail Like once you hit something like do you have those words like you know。

 I did this this that was still kind of storyline like narrative， know， this is my story。

 this what I don't work on and what I realized is I experienced something not from neediness and then you lit up dive into that。

 What's not neediness， What's different， How is it good。Okay， one second。Yeah， no， it's rude。

 front like brst prop screen up here， yeah。嗯。Just talk and let yourself get carried away by what you're saying。

他け。Okay， so like I experienced with a friend of like I did， I never trusted my inner voice。 You know。

 like when I was around guys， especially， I was like， does he like me， Does he not like me。

 Oh my God， I'm too fat。 I'm too ugly。 I have all this shit going on in my head。

 And then I make this experience where I'm like， like， he's a person that I know pretty well。 And。😊。

And it's like， all of a sudden， like， I feel this attraction to this person。 And it's like。

 does he feel that too， I don't know。 I think there's something happening， But no， no， no， no， no。

 no， this is totally。 this is just in your head。 And then eventually， something happened。

 And I'll pause you again， okay。😊，Passion was storyline。 storyline。 I want alive。 Like。

 this is not you alive。 Like when you're talking about。Like， think of it this way。

 You go home tonight and you see a UFO like an alien。 It's say， what's your name。

 Vi's like subviki like gone。 like， whoa， you're like， wow，s like like you're super sight。😊。

You're probably gonna be very excited to tell this to someone。 Like， oh my God。 you know what。

 I just UFO that where it's like， you don't even care really what you're saying。 like。

 check this out。 That's the vibe I want here。 Here。 This is not the excitement that you would have。

 if you saw UFO。 I want that。 Whatever it is。 It might not even be the story。 It's like what。😊。

Fucking brings that like keeps you like， you just get carried away。 You get so lost。

 You even forget you're here， you forget about the crowd。 You get so turn by what you're saying。

And it's not even the content so much as like that energy， like check this out。

What is that I'm looking for something that I'm that passionate about and so talk about that。

 it's not happening right now。 I feel like。What the fuck am I gonna say， You know。

 like in my head is like， okay， find something， find something， find something。

 There has to be something that you're passionate about。 You know， like。

 why don't you have anything you're passionate about What the fuck is wrong with you。 And。

 so here I am like。Talking about that。Better。没有。👏We're going like。

Night and day versus the previous one， but I want to stamp it up even more。Okayッケ。I'll keep pushing。

 just think more like zone in on the feelings， like your mantra， whenever you do this。

 like should be， and I love this， how does it feel？Whatever you're saying， it's like， da da。

 I'm anxious。 How does it feel， And it makes me feel this。 And this like carried away。

What do you feel right now now know like this whole I'm all super passionate about this。😊，Tell him。

 tell him， harness that。I was surprised， do， whatever it is。Unleash I was like。

 am I doing something wrong。 What the fuck is he doing。How did I feel。Not logically。

 like let it show in the way you talk。I know you're there， you're there， like one step further。Okay。

It's not happening right here's how we're going to un leash it。We're gonna do。

 I really do want unleash We are。 No，'s like you feel it like that's what I'm saying like we all have this。

 Like， we all know how to be super funny， loud charismatic。 Like， boom bring it in。

 It's like there's blockage。 Okay， so one way we're gonna do here。😊。

Like for you' kind of like pressing it like like that with you we're gonna to actually make you scream。

 No， yes， that's where the fear is。👏Now， with the screaming， Okay， and we're all gonna do this。

 by the way after。 But like with the screaming， view it as again， it's like。

 it's a good tool to get you there to remind you， But again， ideally。

 you shouldnt naturally be there。 But for the screaming。

 What we're gonna do is we're actually go back and forth。 I'll even take this off It's cheating。

 Try to top me every time。 So we're gonna to do like， And then eventually， I'm going to do now go。

 And I want you to keep talking fucking loud。 like with that unleashness。😊，Okay。

 stuff whatever the fuck comes up。 O So live as you can。I start， I just scream or what is it， Like。

 I scream as loudest。 Don't think， do。Oh。啊。Even more。Now talk， bring it。

Just don't think do fucking ber。That was。👏That was it。I。

 I honestly couldn't have thought of a better example。 It's like， oh， my passion， League legends。

 When I played tonight， like， that's what turns you on。😊，Yes， and now it's like that aliveness。 like。

 actually look at the crowd， that aliveness， the brightness in the pupils， the smile。

 the genuine smile。 That's you got to connect with。😊，You know， and then， of course， it's like。

 once you harness that， you allow yourself to bring it like whenever you， you know。

 it doesn't take away from the passion， like， say you want to build a business so on and so forth。

 But like， that's the aliveness we all want to get in touch with。 Okay， So yeah， really。

 congratulations。 like really fucking good。 really good。😊。

