# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：（英文字幕 不推荐看））：03.证明：02.步骤1-意识到你想释放什么【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So the first step is be aware of what it is you want to let go of。

 And what we're gonna to start by focusing on here is what you're presently experiencing。

 as you'll see in the next section， Permanence。 this can also be applied to anything that's buried in your subconscious。

 But for this guided release for this exercise， let's just focus on what's going on right now。

 And in terms of what to be aware of。 We're only and this is key。

 We're only going to be focusing on different sensations。

 We're not going to focus on thoughts directly and we're not going to be focusing on emotions directly。

 as both of those engage the mind， which is the last thing that we want to do as we've previously discussed。

 If you bring awareness to a thought。 What's going to happen。

 that thought is only going to breed more thoughts。 That's the way our mind works。

 Think of one thing in a million similar things pop up。 if I give you。Situation like something scary。

Scary now you're thinking of， let's just say， haunted house。 Now you're thinking of ghost。

 Now you're thinking of white。 Now you're thinking of colors。 Now you're thinking of a rainbow。

 It's endless。 That's the way your mind works。 It's repetitive。 It's cyclical。

 If you focus on thoughts。 If you start pursuing thoughts， you will be occupied forever。 Okay。

 they're endless， They're selfreinforcing。 you don't want to engage the mind。 And with emotions。

 It's the same thing。 You're still engaging the mind by labeling them。That's an emotion。 I am sad。

 You feel something。 Your mind tells you， oh， you're sad。You feel something else。

 your mind tells you you're happy， you feel something else， your mind tells you you're angry。

 you're stressed， etc cetera， et cetera， okay， you label them， you judge them， you like them。

 you dislike them， you compare them， so on and so forth okay， the moment you interpret。

Any experience you personalize it as your experience。 This is my experience of being happy or sad。

 And by interpreting it， you hang on it。 That's you identified with it。

 You're still hanging onto it by engaging the mind。

 So what we're going to be bringing our awareness to here instead。😊。

Are the different sensations in our bodies。 It's what comes before the mind kicks in and tries to interpret and explain them away。

 For example， tightness。Okay， a looseness or tightening of the muscles， a tingling。 you know。

 if you feel a little bit of a tingling， a knot in your stomach， a tightening of the gut。

 your heart rate， your body temperature your breath， if you're breathing heavily or lightly， etc。

 etc。 It's the data if you will， that sends the signals to your mind and then， of course。

 your mind interprets those let's just say that data as I'm sad， I'm stressed。

 you have a knot in your stomach goes up your mind， you then label it， judge it， interpret it。

 I am stressed。 okay， and an easy way here to distinguish between sensations and emotions is that with different sensations。

 you can always locate them in your body。 if you're stressed。

 you're like I a not in my stomach right here。 with emotions， it's a lot more vague。

 It's like I'm stressed。Where's the stress， where is it precisely？It's a lot more vague。

 You can't locate them。 You can't pinpoint them as directly。 Okay。

 And what you'll notice here is that once you bring awareness to different sensations before your mind kicks in。

 if you let go of those directly， if those are at the cause， if you will， you let go of those。

 you'll， in turn， let go。Of the associated emotion。

 and you'll let go of all the associated thoughts linked to that emotion。Okay。

 and this is what we're going to be focusing on here。

 So in terms of be aware of what it is you want to let go of， it's not mental awareness。

 It's not thinking， it's body awareness， it's feeling。

 And this isn't something that we're used to doing。 Okay。

 most of us spent our entire lives living in our heads。

We disconnect from the lower half of our bodies。 We don't occupy our bodies fully。

 We don't want to feel。 and we just live in our heads。 That's all we know。

 We live a very conceptual mental life。 and we're conditioned this way。

 We're taught that it's not okay to feel that feeling is unacceptable。

 This is one of the first things I teach guys when it comes to success with women。

 is how to get back in touch with their emotions。 because as a guy。

 especially when you're younger and let's just say you're afraid。 you're anxious。 you're sad。

What do people tell you， man up？A real man is never afraid。 A real man is never sad。

 A real man is never anxious。 A real man is never stressed。 You should not be feeling that。 S it up。

 Man up。 Don't feel that。You know， not feeling in our societies ultimately portrayed as as a masculine virtue。

 never feel。 like that's what we think the ideal guy is， never feel。

 So we disconnect from those emotions。And we'll discuss this in terms of the way that we're conditioned。

 It goes so far that we don't just。Try to disconnect and run away from to bad emotions。

 emotions that we label as bad， But good ones， too。 Okay。

 the ideal life in our current society is no feelings。 You could just not feel that's the goal。Wrong。

 okay， and this leads us into a downward spiral where， let's just say， for example， you feel bad。

 that emotion of feeling bad kicks in and you're taught that you should not feel that。

 So not only do you now try to escape it， but then you start feeling bad about feeling bad。

 and then you start feeling even worse， about feeling bad about the fact that you're feeling bad。

 if you feel anxious， Some you feel anxious about the fact you're feeling anxious。

 if you're depressed， you feel depressed about the fact that you're depressed。

 And you just keep going down。 It just gets worse and worse and worse。 and eventually。And as I said。

 this is why a lot of us just live in our heads。 It just leads to apathy。

 We just try to give up and suppress and disconnect from feeling as much as possible。

 And society encourages this。 We're given an infinite amount of ways to avoid our emotions to disconnect from them。

 be it distractions， be it drugs， pills， alcohol medication， even different self-help techniques。

 like just always be positive， focus on the positive， positive affirmations。Never feel bad。

 Never feel bad。 Be positive all the time。Okay， in coping， you know。

 it's best not to feel in our society， it's encouraged not to feel。 it's like， he we're all coping。

 let's just fucking not feel。 We're taught to run away from feeling and ultimately be numb to ourselves。

 This， as a little sign note2， is， in my opinion， one of the reasons why a lot of people eat extremely unhealthy or don't have the very balanced diet or get out of shape or overweight。

 It's on one hand， they're running away from something。 it's their way of coping with it。

 But on the other， they're not present enough in their bodies that they don't receive the signals that they're eating too much or that they're not eating food that is beneficial to them。

 You know， if you're only in your head， all you get is that first little sensory hit。

 you're like a McDonald'sburger。 you get the little high。

 and then you're back to living in your head and you don't feel the full effect of the food because you're not inhabiting your body。

Suddenly， if you start， you know， living in your body， if you start feeling more。

 you'll see that you eat that。 And then right after you just feel dragged down。

 And it's not something that just adds to your energy。 It doesn't give you life。 Let's just say。

 And then you'll actually be inspired to want to eat healthy。

 You don't just look at food for the little。High， you get， you know。

 initially putting it into your mouth。And guess what？You change that， you learn how to feel。

 Now you're inspired to eat healthy。 It's not something you need to force yourself to do。

Similar with people who。Get extremely sick all the time。If you live in your body。

 if you inhabit your body， you'll pick up on those signals before。

You have to like line bed for a whole week。Because your body's giving you signals like， hey。

 you're going a little too hard here， you better slow down， you better slow down。

 this guy's still not fucking listening。Sickness to the point where you have to lie down and have to listen to your body。

Okay， this all comes from just。Body awareness， learning how to feel。

 And this is something that I also see at live events all the time When I bring people up on stage and I create this environment where it's okay to feel。

 it gets emotional， very fucking fast， like scary fast。 because， again， for the first time。

 they're provided with an environment where it's okay to feel。It's like， hey， it's okay， really。

 It's okay。 Oh my God。 And all this stuff they've been running away from suppressing。

 Try to disconnect from can finally be acceptable。 And it just comes rushing out。 Okay。

 and it just shows， again， we live in this world where it's not okay to feel and just how in need of it we really are。

😊，かれて my bottom mine。It kind of made realize what's been。Its在な。Ile just。WYeah， yeah， of course。Okay。

So basically when I was in high school， I was 13 years old。Her she crying。

I was diagnosed with cancer。And。This fact of my entire high school to the point where。

People were bullying me， no one liked me， Everything was fuck。Yeah。

You don' don't have to hold in the tears， by the way。 It's like again。

 here is one place where it's like， be there for yourself。 It's like。

 if you've been suppressing that and holding it back for so long， if you feel like crying like。

 fuck man， let it out。 like this is it。 my entire school was a fucking had no friends no。

And they go to college。For some reason， I meet this girl， this beautiful girl。

And for some miraculous reason， ends up wanting to be my girlfriend。

I thought might been in love with for the first time in my life。My life is complete。

 I feel like a normal， normal person and。This break my heart in a many ways。

 I am completely fucked again。And I think the whole reason why I keep self sabotaging and。

Everything in life is because。I don't feel。Like。I deserve to be happy like everyone I was because I've never felt like a normal person in that way。

Oh voice is fine。 That's making。 That's fine。Don't judge yourself for that。And。

I just realized that why you were doing this thing with H。

This is what's been fucking for my entire life， I think。That was pretty much。Alright。

So understanding this， the first step2， being aware of what it is you want to let go of is to learn how to feel again。

 It's to den numb yourself to yourself， to relearn body awareness。

 to relearn how to inhabit your body fully to get back in touch with your inner world your inner experience and to stop running away from an abandoning yourself。

 Okay， realize here and understand that feeling isn't bad。We've simply mislabeled it， sensations。

What's going on inside。 All of that is good and necessary。 You have to become O with that again。

 The goal here is not to escape feeling because even with enlightenment。

 that's we think we escape the bad feelings， always positive， always in bliss。😊。

It still is like labeling like， that's all bad。Sensations， where you're feeling it's not bad。

 Let that sink in without them。You wouldn't be able to survive。Without this data。

 you would not survive Sens， feeling is what gives you the feedback necessary to survive and function。

Okay， they're what lead you in the right direction in life。

 will get you in touch with your basic needs。 If you're not aware of what your body needs。

 you cant take care of it。 if you're a man and you feel anxious， you're afraid or you're hurt。

 It's all like， oh my God。 if you're afraid I'm hurt。 something is wrong with me。

 I should not be feeling this。 No， okay， on the contrary， that means that nothing is wrong with you。

 That's your body sending you valuable information， if you ignore pain， if you ignore fear。

 if you ignore hurt， if you ignore anxiety， you would not be able to survive。 Okay。

 and what's important to realize here， too， is that these feelings， they don't last forever。

 remember， we live in a world of duality， they come and go， that's the way your body works。

 It'll send the information up， and you can receive the information and act on it if necessary。

 but then it's gone。Here's the information now it's gone， you received it， Good to go。

What happens though， is that we basically resist it， we refuse to receive it。

And that's why they persist。 Okay， whatever you resist persists。 You hang on to pain。

 you hang on to fear。By resisting them。And that's。The lives that people live， Oh my God， anxious。

 fear。Resist it， keep staying there。 Let me keep trying to escape it， and it just stays there。

 and I try to escape it forever。Okay， you will find that suffering is not the result of feeling pain。

 We think must escape pain。 painin is bad。 No， it's the result of resisting， feeling pain。

 They only stay， if you resist them， they only stay if they are reinforced。 Okay。

 and instead of avoiding them。 instead of resisting them， you must learn to be okay with them。 Okay。

 and you'll see that once you accept them。 once you embrace them。

 they will naturally run their course and disappear。 And to add some incentive here as well。

 in terms of being open to feel again。 And this is also something that I teach guys when it comes to success with women。

 is that until。You develop this empathy with yourself until you are open to feeling what you're feeling until you stop abandoning yourself。

You're never going to be able to develop empathy for someone else until you know yourself。

 until you're there for yourself， you can't know and be there for someone else。

 and this will ruin all of your relationships。Okay so commit to feeling， commit to life。

 start living in the state of openness， whatever's going on inside， that's you， that is part of you。

Stop trying to cut that off。 Stop running away from yourself。 Be there for yourself。 And， of course。

 this takes courage。 You know， it's not easy。 But again。

 a life of no feeling really is no life at all。 And you think that you'll avoid， let's you say pain。

By withdrawing from the sensations， but you won't， it'll still find you， you know。

 in a much more painful but indirect way。 You know， there is no avoiding it。Pain， try to resist it。

 It's gonna stay there。 It'll lead to isolation， loneliness。 You try to avoid pain。 Guess what。

 As I discussed， now you can't form relationships。 Now you're disconnected。 Now you're alone。

You know， loneliness too， from knowing yourself， not being connected to your needs。

 not knowing what you want。Just being lost in the state of apathy。 You think apathy， Well。

 avoid it all。 I don't need to feel， but it's worse。 And if you keep ignoring it。

 what you'll notice too， is that there's just gonna be so much tension resistance that it'll find you in the form of a physical problem or symptom。

Again。A lot of health issues due to this。Okay so be open to feeling。

 you'll probably have to go through layers of resistance。 Keep in mind here that resistance。

 there are different sensations to that as well。 So when going through this guided release if there's a lot of resistance to feeling。

 tune into those sensations first let go of the resistance and then drop into the feelings and let go of that and some good daily habits to help with this。

 which I would also recommend doing are one start doing check ins throughout the day。

 this is where you take some time to yourself to snap out of the endless activity or always on the go。

 just a few times throughout the day， just stop for a few moments。And do a quick body scan。 You know。

 give yourself a few moments to feel， ask yourself。What's going on right now？Get out of your head。

Get into your body。 You know， what are the different sensations going on， Is there life in my arm。

 Is there life in my legs， Is there life in my body。

 Where is everything just bottled up and stuck up here。Practice coming back into your body。

Stop thinking and start just feeling for a little bit。Just a few times a day， just start doing that。

 it might be difficult at first， again， there's that resistance。Learn to feel that resistance。

 And you'll see， after a while。It'll feel a little bit more okay。To feel that resistance。

 And that will be a little bit more O to feel maybe more than just resistance， something。

That helps as well。 And this is something that I personally did。 And it's a little out there。

 But it forces you to start bringing awareness to your body is， say you're at home alone。

 just walk around with your shirt off。 again， a little out there。

 But if you just walk around with your shirt off， you're gonna find yourself being more aware of your body。

Versus hiding under the clothes。 You know， this helped me bring more awareness to how I feel and really helped in terms of getting in shape because I couldn't just block it off。

 Like， here's the clothes。 Let me just eat。 It's like， oh， here's the clothes This is me。

 This is all of me。 I'm not just this， you know， up for little mental experience。

 Another good practice is yoga。 That was a big one for me as well。 where through yoga。 you know。

 it forces you to start focusing on your breathing on the sensations being alive here。 You know。

 it's like， what's going on。😊，Bring your awareness here， bringring your awareness here。

 bring awareness to this movement， B， breathe to the different movements。

 It forces you to get out of your head。 Okay， so yoga is a big one， whatever， again。

 practice you resonate with you， connect with。 And what you'll see too is what I personally like doing during。

These types of guided releases during this， know， meditative exercise is。

To bring my awareness to the base of my spine。This is also known if you want to get a little out there is the root chakra or the basic chakra。

 it's the place let's just say in your body that really establishes a deep connection with what's going on inside it's your center point if you will and what I personally like to do during the release is bring my awareness。

From being here in my head thinking， just bringing it。And visualizing it， going down， my spine。

All the way down。 And then just resting at the base of my spine。 And I'll start breathing from there。

 I'll start operating from there， like that's。where I'm now grounded at and this here will really deepen that connection with what's going on inside。

 it'll initiate physical presence， if you will， and to really help with it。

 I also combine this with that chronic breathing technique where you inhale。For six counts。

 and I won't inhale bringing my awareness here。 it's from the base of my spine。

 I inhale for six counts， hold for three exel for six counts， hold for three。

 and I make a sh sound wind exhaling I personally find that just vocalizing the breath helps。

Move things if there's any tightness， any stuckness and doing this kind of deep breathing from that core from the base of your spine just really moves my tension just out of my head and into my body。

 You know， and it quiets my mind like no other。 Like I've tried everything。 And this here。

 bringing my awareness down to the base of my spine and doing that chronic breathing technique from there。

You know， vocalizing the breaths。 My mind's gone。 Like I'm no longer thinking it completely gets me out of my head。

 As I mentioned before， you can't use your mind to let go。 You can't think your way to letting go。

 And this what's interesting is that you can't。Think your way to not thinking。

Becauseuse you're still thinking you can't use the mind to quiet the mind。

 So this is what helps me with it。 It's， I mean， it works wonders。

 It's like the like magical technique to it。 And as a final note here， too， on this first step。😊。

Is that what you'll notice is that most of the sensations will be in your stomach and chest area and never force them either。

 It's very easy to be like， okay， where are the sensations Force them to come up。 No， just simply。

Bring your awareness in your body。Being open to feel again and simply wait and just feel what shows up on its own。

 You know， let those sensations be offered up to you。 This is the first step to letting go。

