# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：07.转变内场系列：08.如果您是自助主义者【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So we'll now jump into the selfhelp junkie。 Okay， and this is the overachiever， the perfectionist。

 the person who just really becomes obsessed with selfhelp。 It's like， oh my God， Sehelp。

 I can really optimize everything。 Let's look up every book。 Let's apply everything。 You hear。

 you know， it's like be conscious。 I must always be conscious。 I must always be thinking selfhelp。

 I must always be improving。 I must work harder。 I must be smarter。 I must be faster。

 I must be better。 I must move ahead， become more successful。 make more money。

 My worth as a person is worth my achievements。 You know， that's what determines my worth。

 I can't enjoy shit。 It's like when I enjoy a slack off。 It's more， more， more， and more and more。

 Okay， it's like the pinnacle of optimize a paradigm built on scarcity。 You know， it's like。

 I must win constantly。 and that shit will ruin you inside。 You know。

 if you right now are the selfhel junkie。You must drop it。 Okay， you must drop the paradigm。

 no more fucking self help for you。 And with this video here， the first one will crack into。

I really wanted to illustrate the。The resistance that comes up， you know。

 if you're someone who's into self help and really into it。

 you're going to experience a lot of resistance to me saying drop self help because just to get into it。

Quits a big fucking leap。 It's you admitting， okay， I need to work on myself。 You know。

 it takes a lot and you become very invested in it。 You know， it took a lot to make that leap。

 You don't want to give it up。 And you'll see it in this first one。

 There's a lot of resistance when I say what happens if you don't improve yourself。

 stop improving yourself。You know。You'll feel it。So the thing is I actually 20 years old。

 I study I train I work'm trying to grind really。 but I have problem you the stereotype of the self help junkie。

 which I like。To your cltter。The thing is I kind of tend to fall into either one or one of two categories。

The one where I really hostileustle hard， where I do all the shit I'm supposed to do。 like I study。

 I train， I work my ass off， and it's really good。 and I'm proud off myself。

 And the one where I'm basically just chilling。moking weird and watch movie， okay。And it's a problem。

 I'm either there or there。It annoys me。 I want to be like， why does it annoy you。

 How could I say it。On the other， on the one hand， I feel like I'm completely wasting my time。

 like with a cherished mode， a chilling anette。 on the other hand， with the hustle mode。

 I feel like I'm missing something。What are you missing。I don't know if you heard about the today。

Ikii Ikii。 It's a Japanese really fast。 It's basically the meaning of life， if you will， Basically。

 the passion vocation mission profession in one unified。 And I kind of。😊，I want to find that。

 What if you don't What's about about now finding it。

Because I't feel like what if I told you right now， you'll never find it。I will find it one day。

 but I'm not sure。 When will I know that I found it。Okay， how， how will I know will I Like。

 for example， I'm pretty sure you got yours obviously。YeahI'll， I'll dive into this。 I like this。

 This by the way， what I love about you is you are literally the stereotype of the selfhel。

 I like seeing junkie， like selfhel junky。 You know， it's not bad。 Like。

 you are literally doing more than 99。9% of people。 Like， you're like， fuck yeah。 It's like here。

 I am on my health on my hustle， etca， et cetera。😊，👏No， it's true。👏You are， yeah。

 you are the pinnacle。Like， you're at the top of optimize your paradigm。However。

 as you kind of realized you're not there。What I'd ask you kind of get into this is what happens if you don't hustle。

My potential is sitting somewhere in the basement and nobody is like looking at it。

 It's kind of deteriorating。 you get what I saying。

My potential to do stuff to hasle to Why is that bad。

Because I feel like I want to do the best I want to get the best out of it。

You're still on the surface， you're justifying like， well。

 I feel like you know I won't be using it why because I feel like I want to be using， no go deeper。

 what's so bad if you don't use it The universe is like you'll never reach your potential。

What's about about that Ill probably if it happens to me God know， But if it happens。

 I'll probably look up to like， I don't know。My kind of voice of consciousness and say， like。

What did you do with your life？Why do you need to do something with your life？

Why don' you need to do something Because you're only the ones。 Yeah。

 but why do you need to do something。Because I want to make the best out of it。 Yeah。

 you're going and circles in。 you got to go deeper。 What ignites like， what fear or， again。

 what are you dreading about not doing it。Becauseuse that's the thing。 Like right now。

 the frame you're coming from。 And this is why the shit's so fucking nuanced and tough。

 is like you're so。 I must。 I must use my potential to get to that out of the paradigm。

 You got to do the complete opposite。 So for you， it's like you're carrying a lot， And I'm like。

 what if you don't care like Because you're hanging on to this car a lot。

 So that's where you got ask yourself， what's the fear， Why do you need to care a lot。

 What are you running away from， because right now， you， by the way， you're describing it。

 you're running away from something， Yes， but why， why。What is mediaity to you？

The boring shit I want to， I don't want to be in there I I want to shoot for the stars， you know。

You keep going to circles， why， why， why？Because it makes me happy。

 but why do you need to do that to be happy？It's really difficult to explain。 No shit。

 That's why you got to go deep。 Use this opportunity to of the crowd like this to like force yourself to go in introspection mode because this shit here。

 like until you confront whatever is you're fucking running away from， It's endless。

 It's somewhere to someone who's like， you know what， I need a relationship to be happy。

 That's the solution。 Gus what。 That's not a real fucking relationship。

 That's you hanging on to someone。 And it's like this need。

 And there's always gonna be that paranoia。 You're not actually viewing them as a human。

 You're viewing them as like， fill that void。 I can't be left alone。 I cannot be alone。No。

 it's like you should be completely fine alone。Completely fulfilled alone。

 What happens if you hear it never get a girlfriend？ Most people are like， no。

 you should feel totally at ease。That doesn't mean don't get a girlfriend。

 Then you get the girlfriend from that space there。

That's who you like of like all that neediness and shit for you。 It's like， you should hustle from。

 I don't need to do this and then trust yourself。 You'll be inspired versus I'm running away。

 I'm running away。 What are you running away from， Why is that so bad。

 It's like turning and facing that shit。' really honest， I mean， I don't get a shit say like。

 I don't want to display my parents。 because they。They like， expect me to。

To make it great So we finally get a little deeper here。

 you know after all this resistance where I'm like， why， why， why why， why。

 you know just keep pressing on it。 Finally it's well， I don't want to disappoint my parents。

 I want my parents approval you know and this can be extremely common by the way where if you have parents who have like perfectionist standards like as a kid it like you must be perfect。

 must always get the best grades it'll carry into your adulthood where you're still trying to be perfect。

 And if you're honest with yourself， it's you're trying to meet those know perfectionist standards that your parents have。

And you have to let go of that， you know， let go like what happens if you don't meet them。

 what happens if you disappoint your parents？And then do the process。 Good。 now we're going deeper。

 like，d okay。No， that's it。Yeah， there's a thing。 They have high expectations for me。

 And I have also for my expectations。 Okay， I don't want to be stuck like in the middle。

 Yeah what Im saying okay， I'm， I'm maybe not like digging deeper what you mean to say， but well。

 take into it now。 say you disappoint them。 pictureicture that。 pictureicture your worst。

 fucking fear。 Like you disappointing your parents And like just the thing they really don't want you do that。

 what emotions， thoughts like what kicks in， Don't judge it， Don't give a story。 just。What kicks in。

 how do you feel？Like a sad movie。Something like that。 It's。

 I don't know the anxiety of like not not having made it， you know。

Hows it feel such an unpleasant feeling So that's really what he has to dive into。

 It's directing him to that。 And then， of course， you can keep on going deeper and deeper and deeper。

 Let's get into another example。嗯。👏Thank。Silman thank you。Yeah。It feels like really unreal。Okay。

You can hear my nervousness。 I think it's all comes from I have like。Like， you know。

 the art of accomplishments？I think I could summarize the best from like watching。

 It was like one RSD motivation video。 It was like。It's like you have to go to red。

 And I were to die if I not succeeded。 Yeah， yeah， Okay， so that always go， go， go， go， go。 Yeah。

 and it's like the same now。 Like， you know， if I don't like perform。Like to the top at the moment。

you embarrassedbars yourself in front of this crowd？Yeah。

 but it's not like embarrassment because I don't know， even though I feel like really， you know。

 like inside and nervous， I know， like， I mean， you know， save hands or are you。

 I don't think it's unfair。Okay， what are you working on accomplishing right now？

Like school relationship， like business。Working out like all type of。

 you know the typical self improvement areas I trying to maximize it。

 Okay and I know it really comes from， you know a lot of like scarcity。 And I went through like。

 know minute depression this spring coming from like all this。

 And I got stuck in all these mental structures and even being like a cold shower。

30 minute30 seconds or one minute longer than I planned。 It's just like。You know。

 I just downward spiral。Like everything。 And if I don't like make all my time boxes or going up in like the specific time。

 it all spirals， you know。Okay。I like that。 I like that。 Very like yeah， compulsive perfectionist。

 So another selfhel junkie here。 And what's really interesting with this is when you're obsessed with improving and selfhelp is that you do start having your own best interest at heart。

 You know， you do start becoming more healthy。 Like here's the guy's on top of his health， his diet。

 business relationships like he's doing everything right， but it's still coming from the wrong place。

 You know， it's still compulsive。 It that compulsive perfectionist。 And he's aware of it。 You know。

 most people are not， most people are like， just head buried in the sand。

 just continuously obsessive。 However， he's like， hey， I realize it。

 and I realize that I have this compulsive need to do everything。

 And if I just miss one little thing。 it's a downward spiral。 You know， And this will happen。

 you'll catch yourself like for me， I remember when I first started getting into health supplements like vitamins。

 You know，'m like， you know what，a， there's all these benefits I didn't know of。

 and I started with some basic one。I'm， you know what， let's just get some vitamin D， some fish oil。

 a multi and some probiotics。 But then slowly but surely you kind of get sucked in。

 and you're like well now there's also this now there's also this now there's also this， this。

 this this。 and suddenly this huge fucking stack of vitamins And if I just missed one like one vitamin am I really going to notice a huge difference if one day I just miss one out of all of but in my mind I'm like fuck the day is fuck know so you just keep adding more and more and more now there's like more to maintain if you just one you're done know with selfhelp。

 you find out about it and the more you get into it's like we'll have to do this now but I also have to do this I have to do this。

 I have to have my time boxes and this and this and this and it just becomes too much and then eventually miss it and it's like a downward spiral from there so it's the place it's coming from be careful not to use self-help is all these new reasons to beat yourself up and hate yourself because you're not living up to them And again he's at this peak of like optimize the paradigm that's like a sign you're at the peak by the way and。

You're at a point here where you really have to let go of it'm the time scar I'm to accomplish and you're running away from you disapproving of yourself and beating yourself up。

Yeah， that's， that's interesting。 Like， this will happen like。When you first find out about。

 for example， being meditating or being present to the moment or being， you know。

 in a higher state of consciousness every time you're not。You feel like shit。No。

 I'm not present to the moment。You know， or， hey， be productive。 What happens if you。Relax a bit。

 just watch a movie。 I'm sacking off。 You know， I had that when I actually first started touring。

 I it was when the first。😊，Now， I've been talkinguring a bit before。

 but I remember specifically there was this movie， The Avengers， the first one that ever came up。

I was in Austin， Texas with Owen。 and he's like， oh， you know， it's pretty good。

 You seem me little wound up。 Just go relax， watch a movie。😊，And yet。

 I was at the movie and I just couldn't enjoy it。I hated every fucking second of that movie because I'd be sitting there。

 and I'm like， I'm wasting two hours where I could be productive。 I could be productive。

 you just like， can't slow。 it's like you're just hooked on it。😡，So。You know。

 the obvious question here is。What happens if you just don't like what's so bad about not being perfect。

 What's so bad about waking up late， What's so bad about not being successful。

 What if I know everything you're trying to accomplish， you fail。What comes up。Like visualize it。

 everything you're trying to accomplish， you just fail。

 It just feels like would live like a lesser life Who would you disappoint。Thank you。But myself。

 but also like the surrounding， I really wantan to， you know。

 live up to like all the society's expectations。And I don't know。

 like the Renaissance man or whatever， you know why。

Because you get this mental from the like the self improvement conditioning。

 like you the optimal life is when you achieve all those stuff。What if it's the opposite Yeah。

 I know it is the opposite， and that's the thing， you know， but it's so hard to。Yeah。

go or whatever you know So in this example here， again he's aware of it， he knows it。

 he mentally consciously knows it， however what he needs to do here is actually do the fucking process consciously knowing about it is better than not knowing about it。

 but it won't really change shit。You know， you need to dive into it， let it go， Okay。

 go through the experience and， of course， dive into your subconscious and let go of that until you do。

 nothing will change。 So for you， it's。What I'd recommend doing because I was very fucking similar。

 Like I was like。Hustle 100%， anyone who doesn't hustle a little fucking pussy little bit。

 You better hustle all the time。 shut the fuck up your excuses like boom like that and。You know。

 another easy， like another way we kind of rationalize this， by the way， is。

By taking on the pain and taking on the suffering and kind of viewing ourselves as like the martyr hero。

I did that like， I was traveling around like same on my first tour when I was like， like workaholic。

 Like， I worked myself into the fucking ground。 And I remember like， this how obnoxious it was。

 I was lying in bed one morning and。Montreal， and there's this clip from breakingak bad where there's this one scene where he says。

 you know， I'm not in the， was it money business， I'm in the empire business， something like that。

 I was like， that's epic。 You asked me。If I was in the meth business or the money business。Neither。

I'm in the empire business。 I literally like was lying in bed for like  two hours straight replay those like 30 seconds。

 And I'm like， yes， I'll take the pain。 I'll take the travel。 I'll take the workload。 I don't care。

 I'm the fucking like I'll take it because I'm the fucking hero in this。 Like I'm the martyr。

 I'm like Jesus on the cross type shit。 you know， And it's very easy to take that。 It's like， yeah。

 you're perfectionist Like for anyone's like always workaholic or striving。

 It's like kind of take pride in the fact you're torturing yourself in hustling。

 That's what gives you significance， You know， And then you feel like， oh。

 if I don't take the pain then what am I， if I don't hustle。 What am I。

 So it's kind of being aware of it， what you are。 And what I'd say now is。

Really reflecting on and just diving into whatever comes up when you ask yourself， like。

 what happens if I don't。If right now， like， say tomorrow， you wake up and I'm like， don't。

 I'm assuming you heard the gym。 I'm like， don't go to the gym。Don't go to the gym。

 eat this shitty food。Does guilt kick in what kick It's like whatever sensations pop up。

 It's tuning into that。 So give yourself a little challenge。 Like next time you really feel like， oh。

 I need to do this。Keepive yourself challenge， and simply don't do it。Now， not all the time。

 Obviously， like what you did here is like， you've really optimized that paradigm。 You know。

 it's like， you're working so hard towards optimizing that paradigm。

 and you want to give yourself a little couple glimpses like， what happens if I don't。

And it's not simply just not doing it。 It's being aware of what comes up。

 being aware of the different excuses， being aware of the different emotions。Sensations。

 feelings tune into that。And start releasing them。 Start breathing through them similar to what we did here。

 Misery is the first teacher。 Don't let it be the last。 You know。

 it's like you've used it probably like to get that jump start。

 But as you see now it's very limiting。 And it's not sustainable in the long run。

 Like anyone who's like on this of like obsess like that。 eventually a fucking crash。

 And it's really interesting because it wasn't really until I got together with my girlfriend。

 then I really noticed it like you know because when you're living alone if you have like bad emotions or whatever grab hustle like a girlfriend she wants know to a fucking move or something。

 you don't really only affect yourself affect her as well she can energies And you know。

I like you brought that out。 That's interesting。 all comes to the surface because you can't really suppress like another productivity team or whatever yeah。

that just triggered something to me where I actually so I was talking about that first tour I was doing this on towards the end of that first tour。

 it wasn't a girl， but it was a guy he started traveling with me。

 My buddy does like a lot of marketing。 And I remember specifically it was right after the Pimp launch。

 And if you guys see Pimp my product。 Yeah so I launched Pimp。

 and I was like like through the ground to do that。 She was insane。

 Like I'd be like running boot camp to like three sleeping till six like three hours and editing it was just horrible。

 but got that done。 and we were in Miami。And Owen and I are both very just like hustled like take action。

 hustle。 And at the time， we were like even more。 you know， it's like now。

 I don't know if you've been aware of we've been bringing a lot more of this art of enjoyment into our videos like it doesn't take away from the hustle。

 We hustle harder now than ever。 because it's coming from the right place。 But at the time。

 we were just like like head down。 And I remember my buddy saying it's like， dude。

 let's stick out out， just fuck around。 Let's stick out just go out and enjoy ourselves。

 And we'd go out。 And even when going out。 I'm like， well， let's go talk to girls。 Let's go's like。

 no， dude like， let's even do it night We just don't talk to girls。 just fucking vibe。You know。

 and I was like there's like like I must open like that。 And you see like girls walk by it's like。

 I must open。 It's like， no， dude like， slow it down and enjoy it。 You know。

 And then I'd be there and And I'm like thinking of the future。

 like how long until I can do an open and hustle like that And he even said it's like， dude。

 it's like you're going so far down this hustle route that you're losing the ability to even connect with people around you。

 You know， And this is huge， know， the more of a perfectionist you are。

 you think you're gonna be perfect in reality you turn into this robot。 You lose。😊，Your humanity。

 if you will， you lose what makes you perfect。 trying to be perfect by doing so。

 You lose what makes you perfect by default。 You know， you think it's productive。

 You think it'll help。 but in reality， you'll lose touch with who you are， you'll hate yourself。

 and you'll lose touch with people and the world around you。

 Okay this is not the way that's not how you get there。

 And that's like advice for anyone is like super workaholic like head down hustle。

 It's like if you were actually just more aware of the people around you and more friendly and social。

 you'll realize you'll get way further head because by you。

 I your head down with the hustle hustle hustle hustle。

 you're cultivating this really like anxious in a way。

 negative vibe that repels a lot of people and your head so far down that you're like blocking off all this opportunity。

You know， so that's what I had。 And you even said， like you're losing touch with it。 You know。

 it's like even like look at you。 look at fucking Owen。

 It's like you're both moving down this direction。 You know， Owen talked about it too。

 you went into a basketball game there and you just couldn't enjoy it。 And Jeff told like dude。

 enjoy the fucking game。 You know， it's like there's that like resistance around it。

 and a relationship will do the same thing。 Like anyone who's like a workaholic hustle。

 you'll never have like those long relationships。 You'll never be able to vibe。

 And it's this other skill here， like learning how to slow it down。

 learning how to connect learning hey it's okay，It's like you don't have to put all that pressure on yourself。

 you don't have to be so goal driven， so goal oriented， so outcome all the time， it's fine。

That's like the hardest part。 So that's what I'd kind of like bring my awareness to。 It's like。

 sit down and just ask yourself， you know， next time， like give yourself a little challenge like。

I really need to do this no。Okay， just not see what happens。 You know。

 schedule in like some time where you just fuck around， see what comes up。 Trust me， man。

 It's like once you kind of drop this。An inspiration kicks in。 It's like， it's awesome， know。

 it's like。And it's authentic， too， it's like you'll also know， sometimes you know。

 it's like you'll be inspired to take action and then you will， and sometimes you just want to。

' like， oh， it's totally fine， but it's like you no longer have to always force yourself and always be paranoid because you're living in the state of paranoia。

But then also be honest with yourself and being careful of this one to not fall the opposite route where now you're like。

 oh no， I'm always， I need to make myself relaxed and that's like rationalization。

And then you're slacking off。 But you can always just look at how you feel because like。

You'll always be honest with yourself like emotionally or like gun to the head。 It's like。You know。

 is it a rationalization Like if you're authentically like you're inspired to relax。

 you'll feel good about it until you go a little too far and then you start feeling bad about it。

 It's like if you say a joke， the first time it feels very authentic and fun。

 you can still say it a few times。 But after a while， it kind of switches。

 There's that shift now it's like try hard。 It's coming from a different place。

 Itll be the same thing here。 And this last point here is big。

 it's like you have to let go of that resistance to not doing。

 but you also have to let go the resistance to doing when that inspiration kicks in。

 And this is what happens with people who procrastinate。

 know it's like they feel that inspiration kick in to do something。 but then they resist it。😊。

So let go of that and then let go of the need to always be doing。

 just follow inspiration and be in this total state of nonre externally， but also internally。

