# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：03.证明：1.如何放手(How to Let Go)_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So the question is， how to let go。 What is the practical application of everything that we've covered so far。

 What are the exact practical steps to letting go of that false assumption of scarcity that we've all bought into due to the way that we're conditioned and what are the exact practical steps to letting go of everything that's built on it and everything that's reinforcing it。

 including as we've previously discussed。 all of our thoughts and emotions。

 And what we're going to be doing here is a form of meditation。 It's a guided release。 Remember。

 this is an inside job。 It's primarily an inner journey。

 you must start with the cause which is internal。 However。

 it's different than the kind of meditation that's been pumped hard in the mainstream right now。

 and the one that you're most likely accustomed to。 where if you go on Google or YouTube right now。

 And you're like， how to meditate what are you going to hear。

 Here's the mainstream version sit down for。😊，10 to 20 minutes。

 Just sit down comfortably and focus on the present moment。 focuscus on the now。 Here's a mantra。

 Just focus on your mantra。 Re your mantra， Try to be present for 20 minutes and do this daily。

 That's it。 That's meditation 101， sit down 20 minutes， try to be present。

 Maybe have a mantra focus on that and just do your 20 minutes every single day。 Okay。

 and this here is a concentration based meditation where you're ultimately just focused on the now or on the mantra。

 You're very concentrated。 And this is what most people do。

 We're going to be doing something very different here。 Okay。

 because if you think concentration based meditation。 What is that really。

 it's still an escape from yourself。 Where for 20 minutes。You're focusing on the now for 20 minutes。

 you're focusing and concentrating on your mantra and what happens when you're done。

 you're back with that experience of yourself。 You're back with your baseline。

 It's like a 20 minute vacation。 Let's just sit down for 20 minutes and。Focus on the now，20 minutes。

 mantra， mantra， mantra。 now I'm back with myself。 F okay。

 that's not the type of meditation that we're gonna be doing here。

 That isn't to say that a concentration based meditation does not have its benefits。

 I personally do what we're gonna to be doing here as well as the concentration based meditation that's helped me tremendously in terms of public speaking holding a thought or being just very present and there。

For a longer period of time， it's what allows me to deliver information like this to just be。

Very concentrated and focused。 You will get benefits。 You。

 your thoughts will not be as all over the place。 Okay， a little less A DD。

 but it doesn't get to the cause。 It's a great tool， but it does not get to the cause。

 What we're going be doing here is more of a mindfulness type of meditation where instead of。

Running away from and running towards the now or a mantra， we're going to be。

Focusing on what it is we're running away from。 It's more of an all encompassing type of meditation。

 And this here is inspired by many different teachings from the works of David Hawkins to Ehartooli to chronic healing。

 There's a chronic breathing technique that I like to use to some of the things that I learned from the energy coach。

 I worked with a little while。 I mean， I've really tried and tested everything。

 And this is what worked best for me personally。 and for everyone that I've taught it to。

 So that being said。😊，The goal here with this guided release as the title of this section suggests is to give you proof。

 Okay And what this means is don't aim for perfection。 Do not aim to let go of everything。

 The goal is simply proof。 It's to give you a glimpse of this state of abundance。

 to give you that proof that beneath it all。 your default isn't scarcity。

 you've been telling yourself a lie。 That is bullshit。 It is abundance。 Okay。

 that is all because you must experience this for yourself。 Don't just take my word for it。

 as we discussed before you have to live this to realize it。 that is how you buy in。

 It's not intellectual knowledge。 It's real knowledge。 It's not just an understanding。 but a knowing。

 and to help with the buy in here as well， What you will realize is that this is not some woooo hipppy dippy either because that is something that turns off a lot of people you hear spirituality。

 how to。Realize abundance。 And immediately， you're like， man。

 it's gonna be more woo woo stuff about5 dimensions and 11 dimensions in third eyes and all these mystical。

 magical things。 No， okay， what you will realize here is that this is extremely straightforward。

 It is extremely practical。 There is nothing woo woo about it。 There's nothing magical about it。

 letting go is a natural ability that we all have。 However。

 It's not something that we're used to doing。 Okay。

 it's a new kind of process where it's not about accumulating but dropping。

 You're hanging on that cliff。😊，Letting go of the cliff。 It's not magical。

You don't have to think in terms of like， oh， feel know， hippy dippy， spiritual，5th。

20th dimensions to let go in this， no。You like， oh， It's a natural ability you have。

 It's just something you've probably never done before。 Okay， and remember this。

 you can't grind your way to letting go。 It's not something that you do。

 It's rather something that you don't do。Okay， it's not in action， but there is no doing here。 Okay。

 it's a very contemplative process。 And it's important to understand here。

As I mentioned in the beginning that you can't use your mind either。

 you can't think you' way to letting go。 you can't figure it out。

 This is not a problem to be solved as your mind is part of the problem。

 you have to let go of your mind entirely。 If you try to use your head。 If you try to think。

 must let go mentally， it's not gonna to work。 you must detach from your mind completely。

 You have to let go of all your thoughts all your emotions。 And there are three steps to letting go。

 which arere going to break down one by one in the following videos here before going through them together so that you really understand this process。

 The first step is be aware of what you want to let go of。

 The second step is allow yourself to experience it fully and the third step is let it come up and let it out。

