# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：07.转变内场系列：07.如果你是班级小丑【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So another front that people put on， another way of coping， which is extremely common。

 is the class clown。 You know， it's that person who's kind of cocky trying to be too cool for school。

 You know， it's that person who if I'm giving a seminar。

 they're in the audience and they're always raising their hand like pick me， pick me。

 They laugh really loud， they talk really loud with the people around them，'m trying to be noticed。

 trying to look confident if they come up and say hi， it's like， hey， Julian。😊，You know。

 just trying a little too hard。You can sense it's not authentic。 It's not genuine confidence。

 It's coming from a place of compensation， you know， similar to someone who's always positive。

 just always happy。 You sense it's not genuine positivity。 It's compensating。

 running away from happy negative here it's like running away from not being good enough and you still need that approval。

 know， it's still weak。 You're doing it to get approval。 It's similar to a people pleaser。 You know。

 the people pleaser。 it's always like， oh， yes， you go first。 Yes， trying to get approval here。

 it's me first。 fuck， yeah， also trying to get approval。

 and it's a front that you have to get rid of。 You're excited。 Come on off， come on off。 come on。

Have a seat。 Have a seat。So。What's going on with you。 Well， it's simple and it's complicated。

 And okay， Yeah， I'm pretty much I can hear it in my ears， my heart。 This is fine。

Like kind of negotiate， but I do， but anyways。呃。I feel insecure， and that is my biggest issue。

 And I know that it's the biggest issue。And。Sometimes I don't give a shit。But a lot of times， I do。

What are you insecure about？Okay， what about him。Try to be precise here。 This is where， again。

 similar to her introspection times。 Okay， what else to your nose。Okay， so with him， okay。

 you can kind of sense that front。 You know， it's like a little too try hard。

 You'd think he'd be confident because he's like， pick me， pick me， all excited， comes up up front。

 able to talk kind of like do， du， du， like making little jokes。 You'd think， oh， man。

 that guy's really comfortable with himself。 But no。😊，It's coming from a place of compensation。

 You can sense the try hardness behind it。 There's not that authentic connection to him at this point。

 And with this first example， I also want you to realize that the first step to diving into it is there needs to be a willingness to go deep with resistance you're not going go far if you don't have that willingness to sink into it here。

 It's like， well， your nose， okay， why， I don't know， that's it。 you know。

 there's not that willingness to really。Get to the source。 get to the cause。

 And that's like the first step。 So were you ever mocked for your nose。 Okay。

 describe some of those incidences。10 years ago。Oh呃。I don't know。 I， I didn't really。

 I just kind of pushed it aside。 I mean， it's， it's with me， whatever。 So I just， you know。

I go on my way and that's it let's just describe like one of the times people just really mocked you。

 So here I'm trying to bring up more sensations， having him recall different moments where maybe he was mocked about his nose and again。

 the nose is just the surface thing you got to go way fucking deeper It's not the nose。

 but I want more sensations for him to kind of tune into those and then start diving deep but you can still see that resistance come up where it's like you know what I just kind push it aside and that's it I want one example like I want you to describe it in extreme detail。

 what happened， what they said what you felt where's this。Yeah， anyways， yeah， there he。 Yeah。

 he was just like up in my face like we have this like pickup improv where we just。

Try to speak as this。For a few minutes with everybody talking at you。 Yeah， I like。 And yeah。

 And he just came me like my side like nose nose he knows that know， I respect him。 I mean。

 like I' I don't get like hurt by him saying that。 He just like， I just find it interesting。

 he didn't really hurt me that but I dont know。 you can also sense here that he was hurt by that。

 like you wouldn't be qualifying and justifying it so much like， oh， I wasn't hurt。 you know， like。

 didn't do anything。 You know， there's that defensiveness when was one of the earlier memories of people mocking you for your nose。

That was a long time ago like one that hurt the most。They're not really， honestly。

 I'm just putting shit on myself。 And this is really how this class clown too cool for school type of fronts will fuck you over。

 Okay， not only is it fake， not only is it rooted in fear。 It's a form of coping。

 but it will also block you from going deeper into what it is you fear， because right now， you know。

 he comes up， he's like， yeah， you know， my nose。 And as I keep directing him to go deeper and deeper and kind of blast through that resistance like。

 no， it did hurt。 but let's dive into that。 suddenly。If he dives into it。

 it kills that front because you can't be too cool if you admit that you were hurt。

 So it blocks you from being honest with yourself。 It blocks you from really introspecting and following that trail of wise。

 And this is why he tries to back out。 And he's like， oh， it didn't hurt。 You know what。

 It's really not that bad。 I was just putting shit on myself。 never mind。 you know。

 trying and talk his way out of it， which obviously， I'm like， we keep going here。 Now。

 there was one that really hurt。 What is it。Well I don't know。 It's a accumulation。 So there's no。

 take one。This is all like just you trying to avoid it now。You're like， listen to my nose。

 and you're like， oh， actually， no， never mind。 You know what， No， we're going into this。

 Like whens one were really people mocked you and you felt really hurt。Or one time。

 even if you dive into insecurity， it's like when people really just mocked you and you told yourself。

 man， you know， it's not okay for like maybe I'm not good enough。 Maybe， you know。

 there's these things are just wrong with me。 what's wrong with you when some you you really felt just rejected and mocked and disapproved of。

 Can you repeat a question What's one time you just felt mocked。

 disapproved of even if it's subtle like one that just kind of pops up because I know one does pop up。

 Sure， the one in school。 Okay， just like chilling out and I felt kind of down and went down。

 I specifically don't like myself。 And I just。And then like somebody mentioned it。

And I was just like， yeah， whatever， how do you feel when you look at yourself in the mirror？嗯。Well。

 like， I don't know。It's complicated。 I mean， like oh， that's what we're gonna keep diving into。

 We're not moving forward until we dive into this。 Time just feel like fuck yeah。

 I don't I can a And I go through my day and I have an awesome day zero thoughts about it。

 Let's zone in on one of the days where you don't feel like fuck yeah。

Or when you see yourself in a picture， you're like。Fuck， I'm so ugly。Fuck my nose。

 Why do I have this nose， Why do I look so fucking ugly。So what I'm doing here。

 similar to one of the previous examples where I'm like why are you such a piece of shit trying to bring shit up here I'm doing the same thing。

 I'm like， when you look at yourself and you're like， fuck I'm so ugly， fuck my nose。

 trying to bring those sensations up， trying to trigger something and you still see that resistance kick in here。

 You know it's like well why it's complicated。Another form of， I don't know。

 Stay on the surface as opposed to going deep。 And even when I tell him， well。

 let's keep diving into it， we're not going to keep on going here until we dive into it。 He's like。

 well， a lot of times， you know， I look in the mirror and I feel really good。😊，You know， well。

 what about the times you don't feel good， He just keeps trying to avoid that。 And again。

 it's not him。 It's not like， well， fuck， this guy， Why is he going deeper， We all have it。

 This is resistance。 This is how it will manifest because we all have it。 We're sometimes like。

You just， you know， fuck man， I mean， everyone has this。 I occasionally have this， or I'm like。

Going about my day， I feel fucking awesome。And usually this will happen when you go into like a changing room。

 like you go to try a new clothes。 and sometimes it's like the 360 mirrors and the lighting and's like you're like。

That's what I look like。like that。 because I don't find myself looking ugly or whatever。

 like like 36 degrees。 What about your nose。😀Sometimes， sometimes， sometimes I really shit。

 but sometimes it's part of me。 And like I， there's not much thing I can do about it。 So just。

I should like deal with it。But it there not much to deal with。But I don't know。 It's constantly。

 It comes and goes。 So that's， that's basically。Okay， so what I will also say with you is like。1。

 it's like， get clearer on what it is and start being more honest with yourself because it's something will' do。

 It's like， okay，m scared about my nose。 But actually it's not my nose。 but it could be this。 But。

 you know what， it's not this。 I just need to deal with it。

 It's like you just keep escaping it versus allowing yourself to actually sink into that feeling。

 And this is big， by the way， It's like a lot of that stuff that you feel really like you've suppressed。

 It's covered with layers and layers and layers and layers of resistance。

 And every time you'll start diving into it。 Like there'll be many ways， like start being aware of。

 you'll escape it。 You know， it's likell sit down and maybe do this where you like kind dive into okay。

 what's going on。 And then you may get a little tired ofboard。

 Who has that when they start meditating。 You're like， you know what， fuck it I over this。 yeah。

Another one is like when you start maybe reading a book。 like， oh， I'm tired。

 Like that's an escape mechanism。 kind of feeling tired。 Oh， maybe I'll nap。 I'll do it later。 know。

 I'm too tired for this right now。 We all have that。 know。

 jumping from distraction like this is too boring， rationalizing。 or oh， you know what， I'm okay。 Oh。

 it wasn't that。 It was like the easiest resistance。 Oh It's still over。 I was wrong。

 I not unsure about that。 I was been I don't want to be good。 know。

 or like going around on this like circle of like topics or sinking in。 So another common one is。

Let's just take fear of rejection， which we all have。Why are you afraid of being rejected。

 Because I don't want to be rejected。 why， you know， because I'll feel bad。 why。

 just cause So you just kind of staying on the surface， which is going deep。 So it's kind of here。

 it's like you're just staying on the surface， which is like。😔，Going deep introspection。

There's another form of resistance。さってさ。But what's their find， what's the point， What is it？

I dont know。Al， I just refuse to know。Oh you know， it's like honestly inside of you。

 like you truly didn' know it didn't care， you wantt raise your hand。actually。

 the reason for me raising hand is because I have this heart， not a problem。

 but like like I would never see opportunity and I'm in tune with my heart my heart starts beating up。

 I have to do it no matter。Or what， what if you don't do it？Well， I've got like my。

 it's like craving。 It' it's a form of craving。Does that sound like scarcity or abundance？It's a。

Scarcity it's scarce， but I don't see full scarcity like I see just。 I want to I want。how。

 how do you， how do you。I'd say your same boy is like stop lying to yourself。

I'm doing I'm doing my best I can to。You know， again， it's like。I mean。

 most like what you're saying is true。 And it's like it does make sense。 And again， I don't know you。

 But just for my general vibe that I can kind of pick up on。 And I mean。

 let me know if you guys kind of feel the same。 It's like you kind of feel justification。

 defense just kind of going around。 Like， I don't feel like similar to like when she was narrating what's going on。

 Like we had that glimpse of like， like authenticity。

 I don't connect with you authentically right now。 I'm not talking to the real you。

 I'm talking to the little front that's trying to be cool and funny being up here。

That's like9 5% of me， but 5% is someone。Plus I don like if we talked right now and like。

 say we just vibebed， I wouldn't connect with you as a person。

 I wouldn't get to know you and probably I wouldn't be inspired to like hang out again。

Like you're not someone that I would like to hang out with。

 Well because I'm not talking about I about。 You can justify it。

 You can go to your defense mechanism right now that you've been doing this entire time。

Or you can allow yourself to think why。Where you can keep turning your circle。 Oh， well。

 it's because of this。 Oh， well， no， it's there no big this this。

Or sing into why So what I'm doing here by saying all of these harsh things is I'm taking away the possibility of him maintaining this front。

 I'm taking away his coping mechanism。 I'm making it more unacceptable if you will。

 to keep that too cool for school kind of class clown front going。Than being real。

 It's more acceptable to keep this front on now because I'm like this front， I don't connect with it。

 Like I won't even hang out with you in person。Oh shit。

So I rob him of his defense mechanism and then he's now forced to bring out a little bit of authenticity。

 And even if it's like hurts， it doesn't matter because what he needs is a reminder of what it's like to finally be real again。

 and you'll see it a little bit comes out here and you'll most likely connect with him more than you did up until now。

 you see the human side of him versus the fake surface level front。Specific， like moments。

What it really like Sted into me， I was with my father。

It was like when I was like just got my braces and I got my tooth， so it looks weird。And like。

 I was just like laughing hysterically with my parents。 And my father just gave me the b。 like。

 don't laugh in front of a girl like that。 How did that feel， Oh that feels like。😊，Describe it。

Like an alien nail in a cotton。Break it up。 Let's go even deeper。 Like， really replay it right now。

 Like you're sitting here and your dads like what the fuck you' doing。

 Just completely disapproved of fuck just like。Disappointment。So how would it feel right now。

 It's like your parents' just disappointed。 How would it feel right now。

 Like experience like your dad's disappointment。 Well， right now， I care less。Do you。

Or are you just telling yourself you carry us running away from it。 So a little bit comes up。

 You know， he starts letting some authenticity and then I'm like， well， let's go even deeper。

 It's like， well。You know， now I care less。 So there's still that resistance to go deeper。 Okay。

 it'll try to get you at every fucking turn。 How did。

 How did it feel when I told you like I wouldn't want to hang out with you。

 which is completely honest， by the way，How did that feel？And I know it's easy to laugh at it。 Like。

 that's an easy escape。Like， how did that honestly feel， Like most likely， if you hear。

 you've watched a lot of my videos like。Being modest， I'm assuming like， cause I， I did the same。

 It's like， and I still did the same。 Like， you'd look up to me。And here I am， and I'm telling you。

 I wouldn't want to hang out with you。We feel kind of like。Like like， like。

L at me like my ego or whatever。But。You know， it's。

 I on days goes on and I'll still doing what I'm doing。 and it's justification。

I try to amp it up some more I'm like how did it feel when I said I didn't want to hang out with you just really trying to spark it up and here again like resistance takes over it's like well。

 you know what it kind of hurt my ego but hey， days go on， you know， I'll still do what I do。

It's like there has to be that willingness。Really smash that front。

 And this is something that takes time。 Okay， this is him。

 like he's gonna to have to sit down and really go through the process of releasing all of this resistance。

 But there was a little bit of a crack。 And it really brings for him that awareness around how much he's resisting this you know。

 until someone points out， like look at this look at this shit。 look at the shit。

 you just keep lying to yourself and just stain in this fucking loop。Is that escaping。

 Is that changing the topic to escape， Yes， okay， here's my take。Is that it did actually affect you。

 and it kind of finally opened you up to actually bring something a little bit more authentic out。

Okay， and again， maybe not as 100%， but fuck it's like a hell of a lot better than before you and。

Tell me if you agree。Opening up， say about your dad and stuff made you way more relatable and more human than anything before that。

That's yeah。And way more likable as a person。 before that。

 we're just talking with a friend who's like， like justifying， running away from。

 There's not the glimpse to like that realness。You know， and I can guarantee you， by the way。

 if you want to link this to just general social interactions， like the more you can bring this out。

People will like， connect way faster and guess what you're going to bring that out of them。

 And in today's society， it's like， we're just fronts interacting with fronts。 It's insane。

Bring this out， See that in the other person。 bring it out of them。That's。

 you have like those authentic interactions。 And if you even want to link it to success with women。

 that's when people fucking love you。 It's like when you can see past that front and when you get out of your own way。

 too。 Again， we always underestimate the value of authenticity。We always do。

We always think it's like， it's so bad to be authentic。 It's so bad to let this up。

 It's so bad for this。 I must do this。 I must do that。 I must do that because nothing you must do。

 just bring it up。knowSo for you， what I'd recommend doing is one。Being honest with yourself。

 start catching yourself every time you actually lie， it's like， you'll know。I mean。

 even if you hear my old you guys are hear the old gun to the head。It's like， we're all like， oh。

 you know， I don't think this。 If someone put a gun to your head is's like， tell the truth。

What's the first thing that pops in， that's the truth。So for of you're like， oh， you know I don't。

What's the truth， you know if you're like， that's up to you like be honest there。

 And then it's changed that that habit because it's very subtle of like。

Quickly moving on to the next thing。If something hurts， I'm a man， Ill， I'll just move on。

 I'll just deal with it。 There's nothing I can do。 I'll just deal with it。Should you like。

What about happens， what's so bad if you experience it？What's so bad if you feel hurt？Well。

 there is'cause you change it。It is because you change it。 You don't allow yourself to feel hurt。

 So again， it's really like catching the habit here of resistance。

 start being aware of it and then just really doing that process and letting go of it and。I mean。

 really having that willingness of going deeper， that's like the worst part of having this kind of class clown too cool for school front is it blocks you from really doing the work for you。

 the only reason I'd bring you up， by the way。It's the kind of contrast it where。

You're still in your head a little bit。 but you've gone like the opposite routes。 Like most people。

 as I said before， they'll kind of。嗯。Stay down here。 You've optimized a lot。

 but you're still hiding not in front of the shy front， but in front of the Try hard front。Yeah。

 the fact you're not even listening what I'm saying is another sign of that。 But come on up。

 Come on up。 Come on up。Bring your chair or someone like grab a chair or bring your chair， yeah。Now。

 the fact you're not listening to that either， bring your chair。We go two routes。

 we either retreat or we overcompensate。Both are inauthentic。Again， you're either like。

 I'm very quiet or Im very loud。 but forceful。 You're on the more。 I'm cool。 Ha。

 You'll see a lot of that in terms of school is like class clowns。 Like they was like， I was joking。

 but it's like never really authentic It a little bit forced。 or the guys like super shy。😊，Okay。

 compare it to success with women， you get the super nice guy， people， pleaser。

You a little bit less uses a little bit of that。 What kind of view from what I've seen。

 And then there's the more of like， oh， let's compensate by being an asshole， a bad boy。

You're so important， by the way， I know that guy for four or five years is so important。On point。

 I know。I know。So are you doing？I feel happy。Yeah。I you're a lot more quieter than when you were over there。

 No no like sides。 So one side is social like everyone is like。😊。

You don't have to qualify for yourself。 That's cool。

So I'm slowly starting to strip away the possibility of him still escaping by putting on this front。

 you know it's， hey you don' have to qualify yourself， stop trying to be so cool。

Now it's no longer possible to be cool。 like being cool is no longer acceptable anymore。

 So just stripping away the front a bit， stripping away that possibility of him coping。

 getting to that authenticity side is like What are you afraid of right now。

What are you afraid of people seeing。Tell me right now， what are you afraid of？

There's still one fortunate like all you have to do。 you have to speak loudly， you have to act like。

You do something。 But there's all thing like， all youre doing is doing anything。You know。

But it's two sides fit。One side is I can to stop。 And if I listen I now。 one side is oh。

We fortunate enough or has to do something after force。 great exercise。 It doesn't get to the cause。

 But it's a stepping stone there。 If you're someone who's like， always has this front。

 it's just to start verbalizing your thought process。 So you kind of did that now。

 But let's just do now。 whatever's going through your head right now， Just don't judge it。

 Express it。 so weird， go。😊，Like literally right now， even me saying that。

 what's the first thing goes around and verbalize it。

 express it and keep on talking like a minute like that。Now don't distract him， okay？

Becauseuse again， you probably like have that same class clown type thing。So if I was the teacher。

 I'd put you in the corner， but go， is this be flow？okay， well， I to I to fish before I No。

 because now you're talking about a story。 I want what actually is going in right now。

What're in right now is just free flow。 So you should be telling me。 So I'm thinking。

 should I just free flow。 I'm kind of confused right now as to what I should do。

 Pres moment with the fuck going on in your mind verbalize。 It's not a story right now。

 I don't if we do my。 I'm just sitting look at。Just like。What should I do for。し。Yeah。

And you're trying to think， but you know thinking。 how do I share be honest。

 you're staying on the topic of like people like， it start off good。 Like， you know。

 I don't really know what to say， But then you kind of got in that story。 It was like， you know。

 people are staring and laughing。😊，What's going on actually， what are the actual emotions， thoughts。

 feelings， sensations？It just you feels too pressure。 But in one end， it's freshing。 you're like。

 oh fuck on's precious。 like oh I can handle it。 It doesn't do force shit， you know。And。Actually。诶。

I don't know。Yeah， going for to be happy， actually。I wanted to have this social factory。I't know why。

 but。I need it kind。Why are you guys listening。I'll say a few things。

Aren't you tired of all the effort？Even now。about it like when you're kind of fuck the video。

 your like， let's just focus on this。 Okay， which， by the way， again， like this front。

 I would never be able to connect with it。 Like if we had to hang out in person。

 you're the person I would never hang out with。Like full honest。

 I would just not want you near me because I send zero authenticity。B。

 so you see a bit of a crack here。It's like I since you're authenticity。不用。

A little crack of authenticity。Even if it's hurt， again， this is what's actually going on。

 it's like fuck the front， like let realness out and once again。

 what I'm doing here is I'm taking away that coping mechanism， I just start dealidating that front。

At all。At all， like， I would not even talk to you。 Like even now。

 I kind of feel disgust having you here on state。I'm full serious， I don't even life， I'm serious。

How does that make you feel right now， So I amplified even more here。

 And you see a last sign of escapism where he tries to laugh like， like， you know， it's a joke。

 like anything to still try to preserve that。 I'm cool friends。 And of course。

 I call him out for that。 I'm like， don't laugh。 Like you feel like laughing here。

 How does this really make you feel。😊，It's really taking away all possibilities of coping。

 all possibilities of maintaining that front until you're only left with authenticity。

 like just being rejected in a full honest way。Don't smile or compensate for it。

 How does it make you feel be honest， Put it out there。No front， no jokes。

Do you feel like smiling when you hear something like that？ No， I'm not even kidding。 Like。

 do you feel like smiling。 No， let it out what， like express the thought emotion when I'm saying this。

 because if someone was saying this to me， I'd be a little pis。 I'd be a little hurt。

 crying actually， okay。😊，So why are you holding it in？What's so bad if you let out some crying。

Because crying， guess what， Sam fucking thing as laughter。One's the positive side。

 you suppress the others。The， the label we place on the negative side you suppress。What if you cry？

What's about about that？Would it ruin your image of being cool？And being funny。 and being cocky。

Fuck that image。 That's what I'm asking you do。 is like， ruin that image。

And that's what everyone is hoping to see。 And that's what I'm hoping to see through。 It's like。

Inside， you are authentic。 And if you could bring that out。

 yet everything outside this room is against you。 by the way， it's like， don't bring that out。 Like。

 keep this fucking front on。 But if you could bring that out， that's the thing I'd connect with。

 That's what I want to see。 And when I'm saying， I'm disgusted with you。

 It's not you as a person's this fucking front。😡，That you have on and that we all have on。

I want to see authenticity。 And I can guarantee you now， even before， when I said that。

 if you allowed yourself to cry or even like express that emotion， doesn't mean cry。

 like to actually experience it versus。I'm a man。 I'm going to stuff it down。

 I'm in front of a crowd。 No one can see this。 No tears here。 Just laughter。

 If you could let that out， everyone who fucking love you a million times more。

 because that's where everyone's after。 that authenticity。😊，That's where we're all after。 And again。

 it's so crazy。 it's like we try so hard to be cool， to be right all the time when in reality。

 that's not what we're after。You know， people would approve of you way more if you were just more authentic。

You know， that's what we're all missing inside of us。

 That's what we're all looking for outside of us。 It's like we're all。

Disconnected from being authentic。 and it's what we're after。 it's， I mean， that's the fucking goal。

 You know， Stop trying to be right all the time。 Stop trying to be cool all the time。

 Try letting a bit of fucking realness out。 and you will be surprised by the result。 Now。

 are you going to stay with that authentic reaction of you feeling hurt。

 Are you going to be with yourself， or are you going to tell that authentic you inside is hurt。

 Shut the fuck up。Are you going to abandon yourself or are you going to be with yourself？

That's where you got to ask yourself， because this is the same as people pleasing。

 We abandon ourselves。 There's that little voice。Maybe a friend asks you， you want to do this。

 You you want to say no， but you're like， yes， to please。Here， you want to feel hurt authentically。

 But then you're like， shut the fuck up。 You're cool in front of a crowd and you're abandoning yourself and you're killing yourself esteem time after time after time。

You want to grow self esteem。Stay true to yourself。 Now， it could not be car anymore。

 But what's that， like， what's the impulse inside。Right now。What else verbalize it？Theres a fight。

If I could， like quiet， not quite， Qui， Not quite。 That's it。

What would be so what's so scary about letting loose and crying And you can just sense it。

 It's a lot more authentic now and it's funny to you how you mentioned there's that fight inside。

 that's your ego just still fighting for survival。 It's that front fighting for survival。

 It's like let out a bit of realness， but no， no， it's like can you still preserve it。

 anything to preserve it， don't let the front die。You as I said， it's like you got to kill the ego。

 you have to kill that front， you have to let go of that resistance to maintaining that front。

 that resistance to being authentic。Did you have any other experiences recently where there's that same type of fight？

H whole day。Today， the whole day。So is that a constants battle？

What would be so bad about like stop fighting internally for a bit？What if just right now。

 just 30 seconds， you stop flying and just gave in。You think he'd fall into scarcity？So given。

Just be with it， you don't have to even express a disputebu with it。Don't shove it down。

Whether it's crying， whether it's being mad， should probably be a bit of the two， like hurt， crying。

 mad。Maybe embarrassed， maybe pissed to being on a spot， whatever it is。

This is like the step one of just like you want to build an authentic self esteem。

 you want to start accepting yourself and not suppressing that shit or subconscious it all starts here。

You keep abandoning yourself。 And this is just one example。But yeah。

 there's always going be that part of you。 It's like。You don't love you， keep abandoning you。

 Why don't you stand by you。And I can guarantee you。

 like no one wants to see you be cool or not cool， they want to see realness。

We're in this world just。F。We're graspping for realness。So just now give yourself like five seconds。

 10 seconds of realness。Whatever it is just， you don't have to talk， just breathe into it。

 just be with it。And that also means like， be with the emotion。

 Don't escape to your head because that's another thing we do。 You feel like shit。

 It's easy to shove it down or to just run in your head。Recom my head。 I'm not really feeling it。

 I'm thinking now， I'm logical now。Like fully breathe into it。Yeah。If there's resistance around it。

 breathe into that feeling of resistance。Okay， now this is the process。

Most like they'll take a while。You letting that side of you kind of shine through。

 there's a lot of resistance around it。But I can guarantee you because I felt it even right now and the crowd can correct me if I'm wrong。

But you actually now trying to view that resistance was the most authentic we've seen you。

And it's this face right here where you're kind of like。Like that's what people want to see。

And it's not the funny front， I can guarantee to you。I connect with you now more。

 and don't even worry about me like liking you。 Like， I'm using the pressure of the crowd here。

 by the way to bring shit out。 I do like you。 I love you。 I'm with you。😊，Right。👏No。👏I'm obviously。

 yeah， I mean， I'm obviously using the pressure of the crowd。

 I'm using the dynamic that we have where you watch me on YouTube。 You're like， whoa， you。

 it's something you look up to， like to hit something real。 And oftentimes。

 it has to be one of those like。😊，Things like fucking like pain， hurt， betrayal。

 something that wes just unacceptable to show， especially in front of a big room of people。

But then it's like， you can kind of sense like your tendencies。 like you felt it immediately。

're like， I'm fine。 like putting out the front。 And here's like， no， that's you betraying yourself。

 Pu on that front is you escaping it。Instead， be with it。And then of course。

 you can try expressing it。But then deep down inside is like， well， why is it so bad， Why。

 Why is there so much resistance around being real。You know。Why did I create this front and persona。

As a defense is a little armor around this authenticity。And I use， again， I'm。

 no one's perfect at this。 By the way， I'm still a lot like that。 But like I used to be 100% that。

 If I was up on stage， I'd be like， rude like that。

 And props to you for actually going into this because I would just keep fucking fighting it with come back after come back after comeback。

 or I would have walked off。So that you take this environment and the pressure of this environment is like。

It actually makes you dive into it。 But this is the stuff here that you should even be doing like at。

 at home alone。 You know， it's like asking yourself， whoa， like。Let's go into this。 Why。

 Why do I feel like there's resistance around this？ Why would I actually let it out。

And it could be laughing the same thing。 It's like whatever's inside。

 It's like we just keep stuffing down all the time。 It's like， what's so bad about letting it out。😊。

And kind of catching your tendencies or the different ways you escape。 So for you。

 we kind of caught it， it's like， who， putting on that front or laughing at it。Bm， stop it。

 go into it。You know。And again， different steps to this。 Like。

 if you're someone who feels horrible all the time for you， it's like， okay。

 let's focus on like positivity。 But for you now， it's like， you're there。 It's like you know。

 you're joking around a shit for you。 It's going the opposite route and re acceptcepting that part of you。

And also seen， and if anyone can relate， like， does anyone like。

 have the same type of thing put on like a little front laugh。

 like has trouble like actually letting out or hasn't like cried or let loose in a long fucking time。

 It's a lot。 So it's not just you either。And there's different ways we hide。

 What I like about you is like， it's the fun front。 Everything's good。 I'm joking。😊，You know。

 a lot of comedians are like that。 by the way， It's like a joke。 be deep outside。You know。

 but then there's other sites， too， where it's like。Same kind of defensiveness。 And if you's like。

 well， you sing， du， du。 It's like type of thing for you。Well， let's see about。Okay， but yeah， I man。

 it's like for you， first of all， like congrats for doing this， like honestly。😊，👏그요。

And what I will say too， is。It will feel a little different now because like you've actually connected with this。

 Like， this is shit you've been running away from a long time like your life。

 So it's the first time you're like， oh my God。 So it kind of feels like a little bit like price shaken up a bit。

😊，But let it sink in and remind yourself， too， after this experience， the hey。

 nothing fucking bad happened。Because your ego， if you will， feels like death when you do this。

That persona you created feels like you're just taking it and just fucking killing it。

 That It feels like ego death。You know， that's it's like， just throw you regr off the cliff。

 That's what I'm saying。 That's what it feels like here。 So take the time。

 even after this event to acknowledge like， whoa， how did I feel going through this。

 Because although even now it may hurt， you may feel emotional overwhelmed and so on and so forth。

It's not as heavy And it's not it's not like effort。 It's like。

 there's also that little sense of just like， fuck it。 You can actually relax。

 let loose and like bring that shit up。 You don't have to keep suppressing it and being so fucking。

Tough， it's like release。You know， and no one killed you。Nothing bad happened。

 People actually connect。 Did anyone connect more when he actually did that。Yeah。Yeah。

 everyone connected a lot more， and we actually saw the realness。But its stuff， because no one。

You know， teaches you how to do this。 Someone makes you do this。 Everyone's always running away。

 and everyone else is fucking fake。So I was like， oh， fake， fake， fake。

 fronts interacting with fronts， add PC to the mix， you have more extreme fronts。PC is like， well。

 that's not okay。 Not only is cry。 not okay， but this is not okay。 This is not okay。

 This is not okay。 So it's like your ego on steroids。 like， oh， I can't show this。 I can't show this。

 I can't show this。 And then PC all depends also depends on the person you wish。

 like this person may like it。 That person may not like it。 What about this。 it's like we're。

Like it's horrible。So much effort。啊。你 know。And of course， it's like for you。

 it'll be like kind of processing and stain with that resistance first until you'll break through。

 And then most likely， kind of for this example here， there's probably a lot of hurt that'll come up。

And that's fine。 And of the allow yourself， actually。Go through that。

Becauseuse once it's there and you realize like it's all good。

 now there's one thing less to run away from。Now， when you're actually sitting at home with yourself。

 you don't have to escape your thoughts。 You don't have to jump in watch a video。

Or you don't have to always have that compulsiveness to be the laughing jokester。Now。

 there's nothing wrong with being the laughing jokester as long as you're inspired to do it。

 You're like， I'm fucking awesome。 let's joke around versus， I feel horrible。

 Let's joke to run away from the feeling horrible。You know， it's better than nothing。

 If you're someone who's like， I feel horrible。 Oh， I hate myself。Then， yeah， joking's better。

 but then you need to come back and get to the cause。Okay， does that make sense？Yeah， and again。

 stand up。 I'll give you a little gay romance hug here。Respect man。はいかえて。And I can guarantee you。

This here， like if you remember this and you take it with you。That's what you need， you know。

 And it's funny enough， too。 There's always what you need in what you want。 coming up here。

 This is not what you wanted at all。 But like， this is what it means like really， you know。

 getting to the cause of shit。 I mean， what an amazing， you know， experience here。

 an amazing reference to have。 And then， of course， it's having him sit down here。 and。😊。

Let all those sensations do the process。