# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：08.奖金：4.“约会世界”的绝密教训，任何人都可以应用到生活中！【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So what I want to share with you in this video here are some of the biggest things that I personally got from the whole dating world。

 the whole success with women world， the pickup world， the game world。

 and these are lessons that no matter who you are， you can apply to your life。

 now the first thing I want to address here is as soon as you hear dating pickup game。

 there's always a lot of resistance and the common thought is that is bad。 you， that's manipulation。

 It's little tricks。 it's evil， it won't work。 And what I'll tell you right here is guess what you are right。

Those little tricks， those little nags that have become so popular， the peacocking。

 all of that stuff does not work and this is something that。

People in this world have realized a long， long time ago。

 and what pickup really is is personal development。 If you can see past the evil front of game。

 if you can see past the locker room jokes， that type of humor and the communication of different ideas you will see it's actually 100% personal developments。

 because the only way for it to work is for you to become a cool guy and attractive guy。

 The little tricks， those little things， those little lines， what's your pickup line。

 that shit does not work。 I agree with you。 You must become cool， you must become attractive。

 you must become confident。😊，To then get the girls。 So it is personal development。

 and the cool thing about it。 and this is what I fucking love about it is that this here， you know。

 unlike say， typical personal developments where people usually get into it to make money。 It's like。

 hey， you want to make money， work on yourself and that'll attract a certain crowd。

 the cool thing about dating is hey， you want to get girls， you want to get girls better yourself。

And you really get people in at a younger age， you know。

 guys who would never even consider personal development， and they start working on themselves。

 you know， people who go from， say 21 and up， who'd just be like fucking around in college doing who knows what。

 maybe going down like these dark paths now。At a young age。

 they learn about the fact that they can work on themselves。You know。

 they can work on their life situation， they don't have to accept it。

 they don't have to stay at the bottom， they don't have to be limited by their little social circle or they don't have to settle and they can learn to put themselves out there。

And that's like the beauty of it。Instead of someone say older， like  I want to make money。

 personal development。Girls， personal developmentments， and that's what the whole game thing is。

 it's the bait to get you in， like to get you through the door。Into this whole world of self help。

 And it's beautiful to see。 like the the clients have had over the years。

 Like you just see the progression。 It's fucking beautiful to fucking Z。

 And what I want to share with you here are the big benefits that I got from it。

 And I also want to include some exercises， some practical exercises for each of them。

 So the first thing。😊，And this is big social intelligence。

That's like the biggest fucking thing I got out of this。 and thank God。

 I stumbled on to success with women at a younger age because right now with the internet with technology。

 social intelligence is pretty much gone。 and this is something I've also seen throughout the years。

 people have less and less social intelligence， Okay why， because you spend most of your time online。

You know， it's shocking to realize， but think about it， when's the last time you went out， you know。

 away from the computer and really socialize with people。You know， maybe once this week， you know。

 once orre at work， you know at work or you know， I go out Friday and otherwise at work。

 but that's pretty much it。 Otherwise， you know， I talk to most of my friends online。

Most people talk to their friends on Facebook， on Instagram， on Twitter， et cetera， et cetera。

 more than they do in real life。And right now， if you look at the amount of time you're socializing with people in real life。

 probably five years ago， 10 years ago， it was a lot more。You know。

 we're more and more connected yet， we're more and more alone and it's crazy how it also kind of satisfies that need to socialize。

 like， say before the internet。You come home， you know， there's that need to socialize with people。

 You have to get out of the house。 Now， you just fulfill all your needs online， you know。

 and with different video games， and that's like。I mean， it's。

Awesome in terms of like the evolution of things， but scary to think about。

 like you can come home and play a game like， say world of Warcraft where not only are you socializing。

 you now have your friends， you have your different groups。 There's a purpose。

 you're accomplishing different missions together。 You're working towards a greater goal。

 You're improving your character。 You're growing。 It's hitting on a lot of needs virtually。😊。

Now it's cool， but。There's still something missing。 You know。

 it's cool to talk to your friends on Facebook， but there's still something missing。

 So one big thing you'll get out of going out and interacting with people or again。

 interacting with girls is that you know， you get that need fulfilled in terms of socializing with real people and you learn social intelligence。

 because right now， people are interacting in the real life more and more as they would online。

 They are unable to read different social cues。 They act in the real world with the online rules。

 It's awkward。 It blocks off a lot of communication because you don't know how to get your ideas across。

 You have no empathy for the other person。 You can't put yourself in their shoes。You know。

 there's that quote from Stephen Covey。 Seek first to understand before to be understood。

 People just can't do that。 And the clients that I have。

 again are just more and more stifled and just can't connect with that， It's all just very logical。

 It's like， well， I don't understand。 And I'll show them different interactions。

 I'll show them like look at this， Do you get the vibe， do you get the feel， The emotional feel。

 the social feel， Do you notice the difference here， They're like， know。

 What if I go in a little bit needy。 Look there。 What about not needy， Do you see it， They're like。

 no， no， I don't。They just can't connect with that。

 So this is one huge thing you will get out of going out and interacting with people。

 You will learn how to relate to them。 You will learn how to read them。

 You'll read different social cues。 You'll know what they're thinking。

 what they're feeling and just that skill there， social intelligence。

 will communicate a ton of value。A ton of value because I mean， I tell this to guys。

 if you meet a girl。And you just don't get the basics， like take， for example， a joke。

Classic example， I remember there was a client who。

He was a friend of mine he was with his clients and he tells he's just joking with this girl and he's pretty short and he jokes like。

 yeah， you know， I'm so tall and she plays along with it， she's like， yeah。

 you must be like six foot7。 It's obviously a joke。Now the client interrupts he's like， no， no， no。

 he's not tall because， look， he's standing on this step。 actually。 there's like a little ledge。

 He's standing on the step。 That's why he looks pretty tall。

 just not getting the context of the joke。 And that's similar to if you tell a joke and everyone laughs。

 You're like by the way， did you guys get the joke， I know you're laughing， but did you get it。

 It's because this and this Like that there La of social intelligence。

 one example communicates massive low value。 It's like this person can't get the basics。

 And for a girl with a guy。 what I say is， hey， if she sees that you can't get these basic things。

 how would she able to be able to trust you to go out in the real world and survive。😊，You know。

 you probably wouldn't get very far。 So social intelligence is huge huge in terms of just sales。

 that's another one in terms of your job like communicating different ideas， you know。

 if you just go up and you're just very blunt about something， it must be like this。

Like the online rules， it's like this versus okay， what's this person thinking， where are they at。

 how can I make it click？You're not going to get very far either and this is a skill and the way you cultivate this is。

 again， there's no magic pill it's going out and interacting with a fuck ton of people。You know。

 for me， personally， I've interacted with thousands upon thousands upon thousands of women。

 and I've gathered more social reference experiences than most people in their entire lives。

There's a little cheat code。 If you right now， and here's a little exercise。

 just start going out and interacting with， say， one new person a day。 You know。

 three new people a day， just every day， just interact with three people。

 you will start gathering social reference experiences。And the more you do it。

 you will have so much social experience， youll reach a point where you have more social experience than most people gather in their entire lives。

And that will drastically benefit you。Okay， that's it。 Just go out， start interacting with people。

 Now， to take it a little further， it's not just interacting with people and doing the same thing over and over again。

 but start bringing your awareness to the different dynamics。

 You know if you're interacting with someone， look at how they react to what you say or do。You know。

 do it after the facts， say something， like say a joke and then just start being aware。You know。

 are they。Laughing or not， are they tensing up or loosening up？It's usually a good one。

 it's like if you're going a little too far with a joke， you're like joking， joking。

 joking and suddenly it's okay， that's too much joking for this context。

You'll see someone start kind of tensing up， we're kind of doing the okay were kind of look away like that and that's when you got to ease off of it。

 but then if you ease off too much and then it's a little too boring a little too loose in the interaction。

That person will start getting bored， you know， they'll be like。Kind of looking around。

 And that's when you kind of amp it up。 It's like foot on the gas pedal。 Start being aware of that。

 Okay， start being aware of how people react depending on how you feel。

 if you say something when you feel this versus if you say something when you feel that。

 Start noticing the patterns。 That's really social intelligence。

 It's getting a fuck ton of reference experiences interacting with people and then pattern recognition。

Do that。 Okay， that shit is one of the most valuable skills。 If not， I mean， fuck in my opinion。

 the most valuable skill you could ever have， you know。

 just in terms of also connecting with different people。 if you want to move up the social ladder。

 if you need contacts， I mean， for me， I would not be here without my social skills。

 if you want to know how to network。This is the way to do it。

 and it will feel weird is a little sign note in the beginning because you're now conscious of all these different things。

 but you have to make it conscious。Two， understand it to tweak the stuff you're doing wrong so you're now doing it right。

 and then after a while once you get the gist of it。

 it'll become unconscious again Okay but you have to go through that phase of just really caring about all the little details。

 analyzing all the little details， Trust me it'll help you in the long run。

The second thing is developing self trust。 And this is another thing that people are now losing with the Internet and technology。

 people have less and less authority over themselves。 So to illustrate this。

 I remember when I was growing up as a kid whenever。You know。

 say the teacher would ask the class a question， what's the right answer here。

 I would always look around and wait for someone else to speak， I look at them for， okay。

 what's going on what's going on or I would you know。

 try to maybe copy their answer if you had to write it down。

I would not really trust myself to figure it out on my own where I'd write it down。

 but I'd always need confirmation。To believe in it。My opinion， my again。

 the trust I had in myself with that answer wasn't high at all。

 I had zero authority over myself and that was just in school。

 but now with say the internet and YouTube， I think it's amazing to look at YouTube videos on how tos fucking amazing but。

You know， you can take it too far to the point where you're just always giving your power away。

 you're placing authority on other people， and you'll never trust yourself， everything you do。

 you need confirmation from， say， a YouTube video。You can't just figure it out。

 You don't have that authority over yourself。 You can't listen to your own advice because you think it's always shit。

 And that self trust is something I personally got through success with women。

 because when you're going out and you're interacting with。St， you're in it alone。 You know。

 you can't look up the how tos。 It really depends on you。 You're there in the moment。

 You better listen your own advice， and you will start slowly rebuilding that self trust。

 You do something right。 You're like， shit。 I did that。Me。Hun。That's weird。 You know。

 that's pretty cool。 Go out do it again。 F， I did that well， too， shit。 That was me。

I did the right thing。 I said that。 I jumped at that opportunity。 She liked me。

And you just keep rebuilding that authority over yourself。Okay now that doesn't take away from。

Looking elsewhere for information too， you know， do both。

 but don't do it to the point where it's 100% external and 0% internal。

 Try to get a healthy balance of the two。 Okay， and this is also what allowed me to move to Los Angeles。

 You know， if I didn't have all those references of just rebuilding that self trustrust。

 I never would have trusted myself to make it moving from say Switzerland into Los Angeles。

 because I was like a huge leap for me。 You know， going to like a new country。 I'm like， oh my God。

 how am I going to survive on my own。 wait a minute。 You survive this on your own。 You survive this。

 You survive this。 You survive this。And trust me， going up and interacting with strangers is so fucking scary。

 And it's kind of chaotic because you have no idea what's going to happen。

 So the more you survive that。Trust me， you are unstoppable。 You know。

 it trains you to jump at opportunities as well。 versus， I I ready。

 I don't know if I'm going to do it right， full self trust， huge benefits。

 And it also snaps you out of group think。 You know， if you want to innovate。

 if you really want to kill it in the creative realm， you can't always be looking at other people。

 you can't always be following。 You got to be a fucking innovator。

 You got to start thinking for yourself。😡，OkayAnd what you realize in terms of the little bonus。

 let's just say that you'll notice when you start relying more and more on yourself is that people start looking to you more and more to confirm you know。

 their beliefs and they'll start reacting to you。 You know。

 your value will increase massively there's a saying in any social interaction。

 there's always one person reacting more to the other person than that person's reacting to them。

 if you look at the dynamics of two people for who is it a bigger deal。

 you know for who who's laughing more at， say the different jokes。

 who has those heightened emotional responses and the person reacting the most， you know。

 not to place different labels， but that's you you know。

 say the person of lesser value and that's the person following the lead。

 So when you start having that， you're gonna to see people are going start following your lead you're like。

 nope， it's this way。Because very few people have that self trust and less and less people are having it。

 you have it。You'll see people start， say you have an idea at work。 We're doing this。

 They're gonna jump on board versus resisting it。 And if you want a fun exercise to reinforce this。

 you know， to kind of reinforce， you believe in yourself Nothing really throws you off。

 There's that full selftt。 try to do this with a friend。 Go for like 30 seconds to a minute。

 You know， tell a story to your friend， that's the exercise， You're there with your friend。

 for one minute， tell him a story or tell her a story， And during that time。

 that person will try to distract you And your job is just stay on course。

 and you will see if you're someone who's always pinging。 You know， looking， what do they think。

 is it okay， always following， let you say， It'll be very hard for you to stay on course。

 You will lose track of your story。 You're gonna be like， you know what， there's a story。

 I was walking down the street and they're gonna be like， why are you doing like that with your hand。

 You're like my hand。And now you'll lose track of the story。

 So that's a great way to kind of build that muscle and ideally try to do。

 you know reach a point where you go like 10 minutes straight，10 minutes， and they're like clapping。

 yelling at you， saying all this stuff， anything to distract you。

 knew to stay on track with your story。 Great exercise。 And you can do this daily。 You know。

 just try doing that daily， talking to new people daily。😊，Your life will go up。 The third one is。

It gives you a track record of mastering something。And that's another thing。 We have less and less。

knowPro also due to technology in the internet， we're so fucking ADD， we're all over the place。

 you know you jump online you're like oh new tab， new tab， new tab， new tab。

 and we rarely spend a lot of time on one thing and more people are becoming dabblers where they try a little bit of this。

 a little bit of that， a little bit of this things you know kind of hit like a bump in the road。

 they stop if they don't get success fast， they give up and they try something else and they're just dabbling around。

With this， it gave me this track record of just sticking at something for a long period of time and succeeding。

 You know， it's like it shows you realistically what it takes to master something。 It's not fast。

 There's no magic pills。 There's no ch codes。 it takes a while， dedication。 progress is not linear。

 It's not like a little bit better， a little bit better， a little bit better。 It's you go up。

 you go down， you go up a bit more。 you go down， you go up a bit more， you go down。

 It's all over the place。 And it's really like those foundational things， not the flashy things。

 the foundational things that build the success。 And that is huge because once you master something。

 you'll know how to master anything。 and you'll stop just giving up over dumb bullshit。

 We're thinking you failed when in reality， you haven't。 so。😊，Try to master something and I mean。

 what better to master than socializing。Just that， the positive effect you'll have on every area of your life。

Oh my God， the fourth one， and this is a big one， it kills your ego。You know。

 with transformation mastery， we talk about the outer approach just killing that front。

This is a great fucking way to do it because going out and interacting with someone， you know。

 and say， you're a guy going out and interacting with a girl。

The only way to become attractive to that girl is to be 100% real。

You know she'll sense if you have a front。And most guys she talks to， they have that front。

I compared a girl to a millionaire in a nightclub。She's a millionaire。

 She's surrounded by poor people， and everyone's going up to her。

 And there they want a bit of that money， and they're gonna to do whatever it takes。

 So they'll put on the people。 Pleaseer front。 Oh， everything is awesome。

 They'll put on the asshole front。 They'll put on the player fronts。

 It's all these different fronts trying to get something。 And she senses that。

 And if you go up and you're just 100% real， like， hey。😊，That's like another millionaire walking in。

 and she's like， oh， thank God， a breath of fresh， fucking air。

So it'll teach you to remove that fucking front because every time you have it。

It's not going to work and eventually it's how many fucking rejections does it take for you to drop it？

if there's like a stove， how many times you need to burn your hand on the fucking stove until you drop it and get a glimpse？

A reminder of what it feels like to be real。You can't be a people pleaser， you can't be an asshole。

 you can't be a dick。 You can't be all stifled and quiet。 You need to communicate clearly。

 or it's not going to work。It's a great way。You know， every time you get rejected。

 that front is just like。Fucking hit to that front。 like， nope， didn't work。 didn't work。

 didn't work。 And at some point you're like， know what， fuck it。 And you just drop it。

 And the more intense， the more scary the situation， the better， you know， kill the ego。

 And beyond that。What I'd say is it gets you out of being stuck。You know。

 kind of linking to what I talked about in the introduction with personal developments。

 it shows you like you can have control over who you are in your life。

 You don't have to stay at the bottom stuck。 That's， you know， a huge thing that it did for me， too。

 It's up until the point where I found out about success with women。 I was like， well， this is me。

 I guess so I'm fucked。 Yeah， you know， I'll settle for whoever will like me。 You know。

 I don't have any options。 I'm in massive scarcity。Let's try to make the best of it。

 and then you find out about this you're like， no， you can have control over your life。

You don't have to settle。 You don't have to be always scared by all these limited options。 It's like。

 oh， if I lose my one friend， I'm fucked Ca without that person， I won't even meet anyone else。

 I'm fucked。And that's a lot of people now。 And you may be watching this。 and that might be you。

 You're sitting here。 You might not have many friends， and you think you're fuck you're like。

 how am I ever going to meet。Someone to be with。How through work？Maybe not。

 maybe you work from your computer， maybe there's no network and again， ideally you know。

 try to not shit where you eat， but I mean， apart from work if you don't really have a social life。

 how are you going to do it？Maybe going out and just getting plaster drunk once a weekend。

 hoping for something。It's a great fucking plan。So this will give you that freedom。

It expands it instead of being limited。Now you have a lot more options and with those options too。

I mean， this is so key in terms of developing relationships， you get to find out。

Who you connect with， who you're meant to be with， Because right now， you may think， you know。

 my ideal partner is this。But most likely， it's some kind of projection。 it's some kind of。

 you know what， that'll fill this little void here。 It's not really what you want。

 It's what you think you want。But as soon as you're with that person， you realize， no。

 it's actually not really what I want。And it's only through a lot of different experiences interacting with different people。

 being with different people you're like， oh。It's this。This is the person I connect with。

 this person I resonate with。And again， now you have someone with whom you can build a really strong。

 healthy relationship that'll last。Because it's that chemistry。But。

It's hard to find without the options， you can get lucky， but still hard to find。

So those are for me the biggest things I got out of success with women and again。

 no matter who you are， you can apply to your life， starting today。

 go out and start interacting with three new people， every single day， three new people。

Just small talk， start being aware of the patterns， the dynamics， it'll feel weird at first。

 make it conscious。Start interacting， start killing your ego too。

 put yourself in situations where it can be a little bit embarrassing where there's a lot of pressure to be cool。

Kill that front， hit the outer approach， use this to your advantage to really kill the front。

Beyond that， develop self trust。Every time you do it on your own， it's a little plus one。

 you survive that， you can probably survive it again， you can probably survive more。

 you can depend on yourself。And you know， learn and master something。

 this will be the most valuable thing。In my opinion。

 you'll ever master and it doesn't just have to be dating again， it's like if you're a guy。

 you can do this with women， if you're a girl， you can do this with guys or just with anyone。

 just start socializing。 These are for of the big benefits， but there are millions so。Get on it。

