# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：03.证明：5.释放指导(Guided Release)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Make sure you're in an environment where there are no external distractions where no one can interrupt you。

 Make sure your notifications are off on your phone， on your computer。

 really create an environment where you can be there for yourself 100% cent。

And I personally like to do this sitting down in a chair。

 And I'd recommend doing the same with your back straight。 O， don't lean back。

 Keep your back straight in order to stay alert。 O。

 to stay present and place both of your hands on your lap。 Palms facing down。 Close your eyes。

 and let's begin。So the first step is be aware of what you want to let go of。

 And this going to be where you're presently experiencing。 Okay。

 the different sensations in your body right now。 So let's start by getting you out of your head。

And to do so， I want you to visualize that chatter box between your ears。 Okay。

 that little voice always yapping about labeling， judging， comparing， you know what's going on here。

Am I doing this right， Is this going to work for me。

 How does this compare to how it usually meditate， How long is this going to take。

 Do I have plans after this， Okay， that little voice there， I want you to visualize it。

 changing locations and moving all the way down to the base of your spine。

This is also known as your rude chakra or basic chakra。

 And this is the place that establishes a deep connection with your physical body。Okay。

 so bring your awareness。Down there， visualize that voice， slowly moving down to your spine。And then。

 resting at the bottom。You're not thinking from there。Breathing from there。

 And things are a little bit quieter。 Things are a little bit lighter。Now。

 let's go ahead and lock in that position by doing three cycles of chronic breathing。

Where you're going to inhale through your nose for the count of 6。 Hol it for 3。

 and then exhale for 6， making a shh sound and then holding for three again。

So starting at the base of your spine， inhale for the count of 6。Right now。😔，W。2。3。4。5。6。

 hold for three。2。3 Excelel for6 sh。2。3。4。By。six hold for three again。2。3。Breathe normally。

Let things settle。We're going do another cycle。Here we go。 Inhale for 6。 starting now， one。2。3。4。5。6。

 hold for three。2。3。Excel for 6，1。2。3。F。5，6。 Hol for three again。3。Breathing only again。And one more。

 getting present in your body。 Inhale for 6， one。2。3e。4。5。6， hold for three。2。3 eggsel for 6。2。3。4。😔。

fi。6， hold for three again，2。3。Reasonally。Let it all settle。You're not operating from。

The base of your spine。You're thinking from there， breathing from there。 You're out of your head。

And you're in your body。Lo。I want you to tune into your stomach and chest area。

And start being aware of the different sensations going on。And let's see if anything is stirred up。

if there are any tensions， if there's any tightness， any discomfort， any upsets。

Start noticing all the sensations。Okay， don't judge them。 Don't label them。

You're in your body right now。 You're simply。Feeling。And。What I want you to do。

You allow yourself now to。Experience them fully。And this is the second step。

I want you to stay with those sensations and really sink into them。Let them take over。

Don't try to fix them or change them or try to make sense of them and try to understand them。

 There's nothing to fix， change or understand here。All you have to do is。

Surrender to what's going on。Surrender to those sensations。

Give them the message that you're completely there with them unconditionally。

 that you're 10 per cent open to。Experience them。And let's take a few moments here to really be with them。

And to keep breathing from the vsr spine。And let them take over。Surrender。Thinkk into them even more。

Breathe into them。Beeave with them fully。Okay， one more breath。

And let's now move into the third in a final step。Which is， let it all come up。And let it out。

And this is what we're going to do now。Okay， I want you to。Invite all those sensations to come up。

 Remember， they want to leave。 They want to run their course and reach there。Natural end。

 and disappear。We just have to invite them to and stop hanging on to them by resisting them。Okay。

 so what you're going to do here is three more cycles of chronic breathing。

 really breathing into these different sensations。 But this time， with each inhale。

 I want you to visualize them coming up。And with each exhale， making that shh。

SoundI want you to visualize them， passing through you， letting them out。So tune into them。

 pay whatever stirred up inside and bring it all up now。 inhale for the count of 6，1。2。3。4。5。6。

1 for three。2。3。Exel for 6， letting it out1。2。3e。4。5。6， hold for three。2。3。Breathe only again。Yeah。

Now， there's probably some more down there。Let's tune into it and bring it all up now。

 inhale for one。Qiu。3。4。5ve。6， hold for three。2。3， and let it all out， one。2。3。4。5ve。6， hold for 3，2。

3。Breathe normally。Now， let's tune into it again。For one last cycle。Let's bring it all of now。

 Anything that's left， bring it up inhale for the count of 6，1。2u。3e。4。5。6， hold for 3，2。3。

 and let it all out。 Send it out。 Let it go 1。2。3。4。5，6。 Hol for three。2。3。Breaththe。

The thing settle。Bring your awareness back into。Your body。 And just notice things mean。

Even more lighter。There's a feeling of relief like。Weade's been lifted。

I let' just stay there for a few moments。Let yourself experience this relief。This lightness。

 this new experience of yourself。嗯。And right now。😔，This morning。All is good。All is perfect。

You can feel， finally， happy peace。We're going to do one more cycle of chronic breathing。

On the base of your spine。Inhale for the count of 6。 starting now，1。2。3。4。5，6。 Hol for three。3。

Exhale for six sh。2。3。4。5，6， hold3。3。Breathe normally。And are we going to get ready to come back now？

Okay starts slowly。Moving your body a little。 Start moving your fingertips。 Start moving your feet。

Bring your awareness back to your surroundings。And get ready to slowly open your eyes， right？

And this is how you let go。It's not magical。 It's not woo woo。It's extremely straightforward。

 and it's a natural ability that we all have and that we all can do。We just never do it。

 and we were never taught how to do it。And I do want to reinforce here that this is something that you do have to do because it can seem simple。

It's very straightforward。 You know， I can talk about this forever ever， but as you experienced here。

You can't just talk about it。 You have to go through it。 Okay， you must。Experience this。 first hand。

And this is something that I'd recommend doing on a daily basis。

 I've included a section here below with guided releases。

 There's a guided morning release and a guided evening release。

 And we're also going to go even deeper here in the following section in terms of letting go of what's buried deep down inside your subconscious。

