# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：04.永久化：3.潘多拉魔盒（ Pandora's Box）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So what's buried in there。 Okay， what are all of these suppressed and repressed unacceptable things that linger in the depths of our subconscious。

 Okay， if this is your mind， consciouscious mind， subconscious mind， what's down here。Okay。

What all these things we've just vanishished and kept locked up。

 Let's take a closer look at what's inside Pandora's box， if you will。

 and what you're going to typically find here are unacceptable thoughts， unacceptable beliefs。

 unacceptable emotions， unacceptable personality traits and lastly， traumatic experiences。 Now。

 the first thing that I do want you to realize about this。

 is that not all of these things are unacceptable。 Okay， they're not all bad。

 they're not all horrible。 They're not all evil because that's what we think were like， well。

 if I kept them down there that must mean therere just the worst of the worst not necessarily。 Okay。

 it's just that they were perceived that way and labeled as such during your upbringing based on the environments that you grew up in and on your perspective。

 at the time。 Okay， so for example。Yeah。A lot of us guess what's down there？Laughter。Laughing。

Is unacceptable。 It's labeled and consideredacceptable by a lot of people。 Objectively。

 Is there anything bad about laughing。No， okay。 So it's not just these objective， bad things。

Laughter is one。 Okay， A lot of us suppress it due to， again。

 the environments that we were in growing up in the perspective that we had at the time。

 If you're growing up in a family where it's just not okay to laugh， like everyone。

 she's extremely miserable， extremely negative， extremely angry all of the time。 Guess what。

 if you laugh。😊，The fuck are you doing？Cant you see we're all miserable here。

 What the fuck are you laughing， Don't laugh， like。I can't laugh。Or if you're mocked for laughing。

 you laugh。 everyone's like the fuck they're like your laugh's ridiculous。 There's one。 you're like。

 maybe I look stupid when I laugh， Maybe I look stupid when I smile。

And because of your perspective at the time， if I look stupid， laughing and I get mocked。

 or if my parents tell me not to laugh and they withdraw their affection when I laugh，When I laugh。

 that means that they could， again， they no longer love me。 They could abandon me。 I could die。

Laughing now equals， you know， the possibility of death。 Let's never fucking laugh again。

 This is what I love， by the way， about bringing people up。

 Its like you can actually use this environment to force you to start introspecting because it's so easy。

 And it's our default。 just go in circles be like， I don't know。 Well。

 you better know where none of these people here are gonna to get the rest of the seminar。那好了好啦。😊。

Why do you think there's always some kind of fear or some kind of label around laughing or letting loose that somehow is unacceptable。

 Why， where did that come from， when you think it was like the last time you just really laughed and let loose。

😊，Last time I laughed out， like genuine laugh。はい。One， two weeks ago。怎 man。 what was the situation。

 What made you laugh， what made you let loose？It was when I was with my friends and we were just talking about some random stuff。

 What about the time before that。哦。Same when I was with my friends， How long ago？3 weeks，4 weeks ago。

 so on average， two times a month。Yeah。When you look into it yeah。It's quite scary。 You know。

 everyone should do this type of audit， by the way， if you have to actually think。

 like when was the last time I laughed， and it's like more than a few minutes ago， again， obviously。

 say you're working。 like， no， don't be like always laughing at work。 laugh inside， you know。

 But if it's like， oh， two weeks。 if it's more than like a few hour， like coupled a few hours。😊。

Oh my God。 Okay， now， funny enough， it's like， I brought you up here， But again。

 everyone can resonate with this。 It's insane， you know， and it's。I mean， it's crazy。

 It's like we always tend to think that we suppress negative aspects。 Okay。

 like this happens usually when we're growing up。 It's like you're shamed for different things。

 So we're shamed usually for anger in our society。 It's like we're not allowed to express anger。

 So we avoid that。 But another one is allowing yourself to one laugh and allowing yourself to receive positive feedback。

We're giving yourself positive feedback too often， especially nowadays。

 It's like there's so much focus on hustling， kicking your own ass that we never take the time to give ourselves props。

 We never take the time to express laughter to take a break。

 We're just hooked on constantly disapproving ourselves constantly beating ourselves up。long the way。

 you decided that laughing， letting loose， showing people that side of your personality was unacceptable。

 Why， where how did it happen， When did it happen。😊，Reflect introspect。I think my。When I was younger。

 I was， I had like strict parents， I。嗯。Yeah， so I think it's。Maybe when I laugh， it feels like。

I don't know something from my past， what。It only brings up maybe like old memories。When I was a kid。

I used to be laughing and stuff， but I did some。Stupid things。

And my parents thought I was going be like。Really messed up。 So whenever I left。

 they assumed I was doing like bad things。So you were shamed for laughing。So yeah。

 maybe that's why I feel ashamed laughing now。 O yeah， feeling happy， feeling positive。

 It's the same thing。Man， if I grew up in an environment where it's not okay to do so in my perspective at the time。

 it felt like death。To do so， let's keep it down here， being optimistic。Getting excited。

 you know if your parents's like， hey， don't get your hopes up。O， I better not get my hopes up。

 getting my hopes up is bad。 Getting excited is bad， being creative。His bad。 That was one for me。

 It's like， hey。It's cool to be creative if you want， but that will get you nowhere in life。

Don't be creative。 You want to be a poor artist。 No， being creative is maybe unacceptable。

 Being successful is unacceptable。We're conditioned to believe that it's not okay to be successful to make money。

 it's selfish， it's superficial， it corrupts。Like， okay， I can't want too much money。

 I can't blatantly say， I want to make money。 I can't blatantly say， I want fame。

 We're also condition to believe that successful people are cheaters。 They cheat the system。

 They aren't good people。 Do you want to not be a good person。 like， no I do。 I do。

 So in terms of what you think you deserve。 Let's just say if this is how much money you make。

 If you want to make a lot of money。 It's like， no， no， no。 So I go， okay。

 I don't want to be unacceptable。 So maybe this amount is good。 This is the most that I can make。

Without。You know， crossing that threshold of being unacceptable and risking death。 Okay。

 being this corrupt， horrible person。 If you're too successful。

 the way we interpret it based on the environments and the perspective we have at the time is we'll die。

 So we label it as bad。 Being loud， being expressive is another one。 singing， as I mentioned before。

 We're conditioned to， never be seen， never be heard， or we would be mocked， shamed， teased。

 Being authentic。Again， if you express different ideas， different thoughts， different opinions。

 some are good， some are bad。 So all of the bad stuff， again。

 labeled bad depending on the environment。Down here， Okay， and it's really subjective。 I mean。

 in some environments， like say grew up in one family。Saying certain things is acceptable。

 These other things are not， but in another family， you switch the two。Okay， so you'll suppress that。

 liking a girl， as I mentioned before， if you're a guy。

 if you're a girl could be liking a guy as well， and even just loving and caring about yourself。

 I mean， that's how crazy it gets。 It's selfish。 Put other people's needs above yours。

 Who do you think you are。 Are you so selfish。 You're going to care about yourself。So I call， man。

 it must always be other people。 I can't love myself。 I can't care about myself because it's selfish。

 So even loving and caring about yourself。I's down here in Pandora's box。All those bad。

 horrible things， loving and caring about yourself。So really realize this， okay。

 it's not all quote unquote bad， what it really comes down to is how these things were perceived at the time。

And it's the same as a little side note with traumatic experiences， different traumatic experiences。

You don't want them to interfere with the conscious。 You're also going quickly suppress， however。

 most of the time， because they're so traumatic， they are repressed。

 like they don't even consciously register， but trauma does not just come from。Horrible。

 extreme things。 You know， we think， whoa， traumatic experiences must be accidents， extreme injuries。

 catastrophes， war， violence， physical assaults， abuse， rape， etc cetera。 Like that's trauma。

 Of course， that is trauma。 Okay， it's a threat to someone's life and their survival。 However。

 it doesn't necessarily have to be， one of those like extreme， objectively traumatic things。

 as children。 guess what。 It's all all comes down to our perspective at the time。

 Something like getting lost in a store。 I remember that happened to me was lost in a store for a while。

 like， well， where are my parents。Abandoned possibility of death。

 that there is a traumatic experience。Based on the environments that I was in and the perspective I had at the time。

 that was extremely traumatic， that fear of。Oh my God， I might lose them。 I might be abandoned。Okay。

 it's all about how I was perceived。 watching a movie as a kid could be a traumatic experience。

 You know， if you're watching， say Jurassic Park， You know。

 you can't differentiate because you're so young。 Fiction from reality。

 And when you see something like， so scary， that just overwhelms you're like， my life's in danger。

 Oh my God。😊，That goes down there as well。 Okay， I mean， another weird one for me。

 I remember this is one of my earliest memories。 I was in Hawaii when I was three， either， Yeah。

 I think three years old。 And I was from from what I heard just swimming all week with my family I was on on vacation。

 It is having a blast。 And on the last day， I went on my dad's shoulders。 And for the first time。

 I looked down in the water。 and again， totally random。 But for the first time I saw fish。😊。

Totally weird。 First time I saw fish， and I just freaked the fuck out。 I was just like， oh my God。

 what is this And just like， my dad kind of joked like， oh， let me throw you in。 I was like， no。

 like freaking out。Although objectively， is that traumatic fish no， but the way was perceived。Fish。

And for the longest time， I had this phobia fish。 like， it didn't logically make any sense。

It all came from that traumatic experience that I immediately just。

I never want to think of that again。 I never want to experience that again。 You just shove it down。

 Okay， so trauma is basically anything。 these traumatic experiences or anything that is perceived as light threatening or overwhelming。

 unbearable， intolerable。Based on your perspective。And none of us are immune to it。

We all experience trauma regardless of how good your childhood may have been。Okay。

 if right now you think you have no trauma， you're telling yourself a lie。 however。

 what tends to happen with trauma。 and this is， what's quite interesting is that as I mentioned。

 they are repressed。 So that's why right now you don't necessarily remember all these traumatic experiences。

 They're so intolerable at the time。 They're so overwhelming that they don't even consciously register。

You just immediately dissociate from them。 You just immediately act as if they never happen。

 They're not part of you and you repress them。 Okay， creating that sensation that， hey。

Nothing happened。 Nothing is affecting me。Casciously， you don't know。 Consly。

 you don't even remember， but。There's nowhere for them to go your subconscious always remembers and we all have this。

 a lot of repressed traumatic experiences that we're not aware of that run us and this is why we have different。

Tendencies in a life， different patterns that kind of emerge。 like， how did that happen。

It's the unknown that is running you， which is another reason you really need to dig all of this up and let it go and。

I mean， yeah， this is really what you will find in。Back shadows of your subconscious， Okay。

 unacceptable emotions are also extremely common here， things like anger， jealousy， anxiety， hurt。

 for example， you know， it's like it's not okay to cry， not okay to show any weakness。

 you're like wow。Crying， being weak， completely unacceptable。 you know， after a while。

 like it's not okay to feel。 feelinging is unacceptable。 Feeling is bad。

 This is like super fucking common， especially for guys， because guess what as a guy。

 It's like you cry。 You're pussy。You're not a man if you cry， you show emotions pussy。

 so what you do is you kind of you crying or being emotional as bad and usually just happen like when you're younger and you just fucking suppress that shit and you've suppressed it for so long that even for you to bring it back up。

 basically like if you think of that letting go exercise。

 you're gonna to have to let go first of all of the resistance surrounding crying to then get to it。

So it's like you've got to fall through it's like there's a resistance layer。

 this even happens sometimes with emotions and shit。

 it's like you'll be really mad and then you kind of go through the madness and then you realize like it's hurt。

You know it's like it's like covers that shit。 So for you it's like there's crying and then there's like all this resistance and fear in a way covering the crying because we're so fucking it's like crying is bad。

 crying is bad， crying is bad， crying is bad， can't cry， can't cry， You do that long enough。

 your subconscious takes over。You'll never fucking like you'll just not go there。

 I just remember this when I was a kid。Four or five。

 I was the youngest kid and with all my like first cousin like I come from Pakistan so like we have like a very close cultural leader where all the cousins are like fucking brother。

 sister so every time I would cry。My aunt， uncle， dad， mom。Cousins， big brother， you know。

 everybody would be like。Soldiers don't cry and a spiderman doesn't cry。

Everybody that I looked up to like， you know， I just wanted to be a bodybuiler when I was like five。

 like body goes wrong cry， you know what I mean。So yeah， I think like by the time was like 10，11，14。

So it inspired self。Finds bad， you know， man don't cry stuff play that。

I think and another one that a lot of people have is that they banish any kind of disagreements or just confrontation。

 Okay， not physical confrontation， but whenever there's like a disagreement and there's that tension they're taught that that is bad and this is the birth of the people pleaser where it's you know。

 unacceptable to say no， for example， you're like whoa， say no。

 then I'll then experience this this confrontation， this disagreement。I can't ever disagree。

You're traumatized to disagree and yeah， I mean， this is the people。

 please you have no personal boundary。If you want to know if you're a people pleaser。

 ask yourself if you've ever said yes when you wanted to say no。

 and if you've ever said no when you wanted to say yes。If so。There's some shit down here。Okay。

 so this is what you will find。In the depths of your subconscious。

