# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：（英文字幕 不推荐看））：07.转变内场系列：06.如果您遇到阻力【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So as you previously discussed， when you turn around and face what it is you're running away from。

 they're going to experience a lot of resistance。 there are going to be a lot of layers of resistance。

 that you're going to have to blast through and what I thought we could do here is crack into some segments that really illustrate how resistance will show up。

 and it can be extremely subtle and how to go about it so that you just keep going deeper and deeper and deeper into what it is you actually fear blasting through those layers as opposed to just staying stuck on the surface。

 if you follow the trail of whys， for example， let's just say you fear rejection。 I fear rejection。

 why， and this is a trap， I see everyone fall into where they just stay stuck justifying what they previously said。

 I fear rejection， why， because it doesn't feel good。 why， because I got rejected。Okay。

 you're staying at the surface going in circles as opposed to sinking into it。 I fear rejection why。

 because it makes me feel like I'm a bad person。 Okay， and why is that scary， Because if I'm bad。

 I could be abandoned and end up alone。 I fear being alone。

Okay and why keep on going deeper and deeper and deeper So always ask yourself are you justifying or going deeper Another more subtle way resistance will show up is I don't know。

Wai。Just because I don't know And by saying that you immediately block yourself off from receiving the answer。

 okay， you have to be willing here， you have to be in a state of openness and always ask yourself what is beneath this。

 Let's just keep sinking into it more and more and more。Due to previous。Experiences， I'm trying to。嗯。

To please him in order not to lose him because I was hurt in the past and I feel like by then I didn't take the responsibility。

嗯。I didn't do anything against it。Trying to and not let things go into that way， so I'm trying to。

Do everything in order to please and。Yeah we。That's fine。什么。Okay。

What happens if you stop pleasing him So she came to this event with her boyfriend。

 this is in Amsterdam and they live in Germany and she bought him the trip out to the event for his birthday okay in order to please him。

And there's nothing wrong with that， of course you'd want to please your partner， however。

 as she's describing it here， there's a compulsive need to please。Okay。

 so it's not this genuine coming from a place of inspiration。

 It's compulsive coming from a place of desperation。 I must always please him。

 I must always keep him happy or else。Or else what， let's go deeper here。

 what happens if you stop pleasing him？嗯。Freedom。I don't know what I'm going to do with myself if I would lose him it's not about a life being Well let's dive into that。

 let's dive into that， say you lose him well if I stop pleasing him， I may lose him。You know， okay。

 well， what happens if you lose him？Deeper and deeper and deeper。 What's so scary about that。

Now what。First thing that pops in。He's gone， he's like， it's over。Fing back into the pressure。

This is where it gets really tough。 It's like that thing you keep running away from。

 That's the shit you got to dive into。 So as you can see here， too。

 it' starts getting more emotional。 You know， it's， I fear not pleasing him why。

 because I fear losing him， why。And more and more keeps coming up Okay。

 and this is the stuff that runs you。 This is the stuff you have to face and its stuff you don't want to face。

 like notice。You don't want to go there and this is why it can also be good to have someone guide you there and support you and have the support of the group around you。

This is where you got to go。 And that's why there's all this resistance covering it up because you don't fucking w。

You know， the pleasing is like， of course， you don't want to please like whoever you're with。

 It's fucking awesome。 Like that's what we should do， but it's like。

If there's always that little need， it's like you'll never get rid of that little worry。

 It's like you can be happy as like you， I mean， you guys look fucking awesome together。 It's like。

 you know， you're both there happy。 You're here。 You brought him here on his fucking birthday。

 It's like fucking yeah。 But there's always be that 1% of like。One day。One day。

 anything that's out of compulsion is always running away from that scarcity。

 That's what I did with success with women。 I'm like， yeah， I'm getting more girls， more girls。

But I'm still running away from if I stop getting the girls， what am I？

If I stop having all these girls love me， can I love myself， Whatll happen？

 And for me it's the same thing it's like， oh， fuck， what if I am alone。You know。

 it's like that we have huge fear， like some of the common like fear of being alone。

 fear of abandonment， fear of being bad， fear of being wrong， E cea， et cetera。 And that's where。

 you know， all of our attitudes and behaviors grow。 And that's like the tough part。

 That's we got like， dive into。 no matter how traumatic it is。 I started， you know。Not seeing myself。

 not being the thoughts。And then it was totally clear for me， you know。

 and then I just stopped being from one moment to the other and everything was fine and then now I feel myself falling back into this pattern just because。

So what's the pattern？嗯啊。The pattern。Is it。Probably。

Because back in school I didn't have like I didn't have many fun at some point。

That must very unpopular。And。And and then when。Things changed， and I got friend。

 I moved to Germany and Portugal and everything started to be different because I。嗯。Told myself。

 you know this leave all of that chip behind and Portugal start a new life。

 which is just suppressing in some way as well。And I got so dependent on other people because now that I had friends。

 everything was like。In their hands， you know， and。Yeah， now I don't。

 I don't want to fall back into that。If， if I'm alone again， you know。Maybe it's not really logical。

 but for me it's kind of irrational fear。No， it is logical。 It's like we all want approval。

 Like we all lacked approval。 We all felt like we didn't get enough， especially again。

 depending on the environments you were in。 it's like， say， you know。

 you were bullied or like you didn't have any friends。 It's like you crave that approval。

 But then it's like you start getting it， it it's never enough。 And as soon as you have it。

There's that fear of losing it。You know， so let's dive into the fear of losing it。

 what would be like one of the scenarios where it like the most painful of losing it or the most painful just being alone。

 So again， it's asking that what would be the worst case scenario， What's the worst thing。

 a great way to just keep going deeper into it。因 mean。Say in Portugal。

Before you move like the first scenario， the most say。

 the one you just don't want to go and reexperience。It was probably not just。

Not having real friends at some point， but it was more like falling for a guys that at some point just rejected me when things got more serious and I wanted。

Clearance and I want， you know， something to rely on。And then things just broke up completely and。

Why did they break up， how did they break up？啊。I don't know at some point。He just said this me。

He didn't want anything serious， and he was probably just feeling like pushed into a corner and that。

And stressed out。And under pressure。And how did you feel after he left and after he said that？

Not worthy of。Being a relationship of getting love。Yeah。

 having people tell you that you're great for it。That you worth of receiving them。

So going deeper here， it's not feeling worthy of being loved。I fear not pleasing him。

You can stay there and focus on that， but that's still surface。 go deeper。 I fear losing him。

 I fear not being worthy of being loved。Or else。Keep going deeper。

What happens if you're not worth a receiving level？Say that's true。What happens。

I probably won't believe that if I tell myself I am worthy。I really am what if you're not worthy？

Why is that bad？Why do you need to be worthy？To love myself。Z be。Okay。

 with that and move on with life and。It's just in the way， you know。

It feels like if I cannot accept myself， I cannot really。Lve。life I want。

But I don't know how toSo the first thing here is they realize that if you need others to accept you first in order for you to accept yourself。

 it will never work。Okay because it depends on something external。

 You're not free youre bound to the approval and acceptance of others。

 and it also reinforces you're not good enough to begin with。

 you need that acceptance in order to be good enough in order to accept yourself。

 So that strategy is flawed。 But those sensations right now that she's experiencing。

 That's what we have to dive into。 That's what we have to release and do the process with okay。

 you always have to go deeper。 you always have to get to the cause because it's easy to think。

 you know what， I always feel like there's the need to please， my partner and my relationship。

 Let's release that。 and that's good。 It's better than ignoring and putting your head in the fucking sand。

 but you got to go deeper to the source to the root。 okay and you can see how。

You don't want to go there， there's that resistance， and as soon as you do。

 shit starts getting emotional， there's like， oh my God。

That's we got to tune into you've got to release here that fear of not being worthy of being loved。

 of not being accepted， what if that's true？Like all of that。 I have really great like work ethic。

 And I when I go into the game was like fuck yeah。 can I express myself This it came from a lot of like social anxiety。

 like I couldn't even fucking talk to cashier。 So you know， I feel fucking shitty。

 And then like whenever I did my first approach， it was like fuck yeah was so amazing。

And it keeps sort of riding that wave。I I done the different hot seats， brushes bem， shift。

 like it got me to like an amazing place along my social cycle。

 I had a couple of girlfriends that were really， really good so like making money from。

So promoting right， just bringing some else to the cup。

And at some point I just like stopped and in the same with relationships， I was just。

 it would go to a really good point where like the girl was amazing and just really understanding about about came about everything。

 I was just go called and wouldn't answer。Completely so let's dive into that because I like this。

 so that's context， but it's like。Always go deeper because it's very easy to like think of an example。

 And they're like， oh， there's also this。 And there's this。

 And just why re pictureture it that one scenario。 say with that girl。 Everything's going well。

 She's super understanding。 Really likes you。 You go cold， why。

So what he did here is he identified the pattern。 You know， the pattern of self sabotage。 He's like。

 hey， Ive realized that in all these areas of life， I progress。 But then eventually I just kind of。

 yeah give up。 if I get in a relationship and suddenly it starts going well， Eventually。

 I just go cold and let it fall apart。 Okay， Now， that's good。 However。

 one of the ways the resistance will kick in。 is it'll get you fixated on this pattern。You know。

 where you're like， well， I sell sabotage here， but I also sell sabotage here。

 and I also sell sabotage here and here and here and here and here。

 staying on the surface versus sinking into it。 It's like cool。 You identified the pattern。

 Then I'll sink into that， why。You know， instead of just thinking of more times and more examples。

 sink into the why。And don't give me the right answer。 I want the real answer。

 The first thing that pops up because that's what we do。

 is's like the answer actually pops up for like， is that okay to say？No。

 what's a good answer that people would approve of。Fuck the good answer， what's the real answer？

Picture the girl loves you， she's there， you go cold， why？I know， it's like。

 it's just not worth it anymore。It's all not worth it anymore I just like got through it out。

Maybe are not accepting off。The success is， like。I mean， what it coughs like。

Instead of riding the way， the way further， like fuck it all。 Who care， why。I don't know， obvious。

I like to think。Well， my personal take on it is like the whole like， it's not worth it。

 It's just an excuse， but that's not the real reason。Similar to a lot of guys and interactions。

 it's like deserving。I'm not good enough to have it all and to have all the success I need to work on this and this and this and this and this that's fucked up。

That's what Ill always like， find some reason of。Okay， that's like that area is amazing life。

 but thats that's not that's not points not point that's not point thats not point So notice here too。

 you know， its resistance， it's not， it's not worth it， you know， it's not worth it。 go deeper。

 it's because you don't feel deserving of it。It's not worth it is what's covering the real thing。

 and this sense of deservingness is huge， by the way， when it comes to self sabotage。

 it's because you don't feel like you deserve it。Yeah。

 I think and then from that I would like rationalize not calling the fucking person。

 not reaching out to them， like completely calling them。So why are you're not deserving。

 why you're not deserving your stay on service， why you're not deserving。

 notice hows that tendency to just keep talking about it， staying fixated on one level。Go deeper。

 Why are you not deserving。 Let's say on that one example of a girl。 Why are you not deserving。

Why are you such a piece of shit？Same question。I don't know， it's just be honest。

 it's shit and it's not。Beating yourself up， it's like it's being true because there is that belief if you don't think you're good enough。

 you think you're a piece of shit， why？Be real for once。

 You know your piece of shit let that voice come out。 Don't fake it。 Why are you piece of shit。

 And the reason I say piece of shit so much here， too， is to really trigger something。

 I want to bring those sensations out。Pop in， Sa it。Whatever pops in， why are you a piece of shit。

 What comes up when you hear like， I'm a piece of shit。So something was triggered here， you know。

 it's like piece of shit， but then immediately。You try to stuff it back down。

 And that's how a lot of resistance will work。 You know。

 something will maybe come up and then immediately you stuff it back。 You suppress it again。

 And this is a great benefit of just having me there in this crowd there is I take away that option。

 I'm like， no， no， no。I sighed pop up for a fucking milliseconds。 Don't s it down。 Let it out。 Okay。

 Again， I take away that option of suppressing it again。 Okay， now we're getting somewhere。

 Who did you let down and how。こ。This is the process you have to go through。 by the way。

 It's like sitting like this。 I' like blasting through that resistance because yout have so much resistance like。

 well， there's this thing and this thing is it it's like deeper。 I guess， deserving deeper。

 Here's like deeper。As saw university and I went。So I wanted to study one thing， which is acting。

And I went for the social engineer because going on grounds and fucking engineers。So for that， and。

Our fucking pilot just hated it。 And after half a year， I squpped。

 but I didn't tell anyone I told still told dance said， I'm still studying。I。

 and they literally thought that I'm still studying and I was just not going to classes。Yeah。

 at that point， I was starting anything just sitting in at all day and like following fucking computer。

I think it will like all the press on the show。I feel like I've a lot my parents。

Like down someone much at the point， but I know from that point because they have a very different outlook of life than I did。

But I still felt like I'll let them down so much， yeah。Yeah， the， the outlook is like。

 that's you consciously telling yourself that emotionally。

 It doesn't matter if they have a different outlook。

 There's still you feeling like youd let them down。 Who else did you betray。

At the surface there's I self sabotage going deeper it's because I don't feel deserving going deeper is because you hate yourself and feel guilty in a way。

 because you betrayed， let's just say this example。

 your parents when you wanted to do something else and you lied to them。

 so there's that selfh and guilt。Beneath it all。 And of course here I'm like， let'sing into that。

 Who else do you betray， bring those sensations up， bring your awareness to that always。

Get to the source， get to the cause。I know myself a thing like。Because。So huge here。

 I betrayed myself。And that's we'll keep that self hate going， that'll keep that guilt going。

 and that'll keep fueling that sense of not you not being good enough because you're not good because you betray yourself。

 you don't love yourself and of course you're going to keep。You know。

 self sabotaging and you can try to work on the surface， like， let's do this to stop self sabotaging。

 but until you get to this。It'll just be surface work。 It'll never be permanent。

 What do you think about that you at the time who。You know， didn't tell your parents。

 didn't follow his passion and then just lied straight up to your parents about what you were doing。

 No， I felt really shit。I felt really shit and I was liked a lot of bothered emotions as I couldn't。

Well， look back in time right now， say that you right now， you see that you then。

If you feel happy about that person， you want to be like dumb cut dumbs。Okay course。睡了。

And how can you love yourself you hate yourself。No。It's true。 You know， this is huge， by the way。

 It's like this whole like approving of。 It's like we all have it。

 like for me is even like going through the media scandal。

 It's like we hate ourselves and then you carry all this guilt to like they all go hand in hand。

 Like we hate ourselves for shit。 We did or shit。 we didn't do。

 And then it's like we just can't get past it。 Like we think we do。 It's like， oh， it's in the past。

 consciously。 You know， my parents have a different outlook。 It's totally in the past。

 But then there's your voice inside like bullsh。 You know what you did。You know， you know。

 you couldn't even stand up for yourself， couldnn't stand up for like what your parents wanted。

 like you're just going to disappoint the next person。Do you want to fuck over another person？

 And because you're a good guy， You're like， no， I don't。

 It's better to close them off early before I fuck them over in a big time and before I betray them。

😡，That's yeah the true。Do they know now what you want to do or is there still。They sort of know now。

 but we don't talk as much as， and I know there's a big parking stick my that。

I need to sort of talk to them more and just like， you know。

 like the book honestlyy is like this go back and I like radical honestly a lot， however。

There's a difference between expressing something and actually processing it。Expressing all help。

 be honest， like verbalizing it。 if you're mad， yelling and shit， like。

ItKin of takes that pressure off everything that's down there。

 but what you got to do is like bring that up fully and very similar to what we were talking about with you yesterday。

 it's learning to approve of yourself again。You know。

 it's like looking back at that you who you think like， oh man， I've disappointed myself。

 I disappointed my parents and like finally like learning how to forgive that you。

 So he has to do here is do the process and like go of all of that resistance around provinging of himself。

 You know you think you must approve of yourself。 Love yourself。

 What sensations of resistance to that， come up， tune into those and like go of them。

 It's always like the relationship we have with ourselves， keep that in mind。

 It's not you like disappointing your parents， It's like by disappointing your parents。

 then you started hating yourself so and so forth。 And's like that's the process that fucks you over。

 So it sounds super cheesy。 but it's like that's the thing you have to go is like go through those same events and like replay it and allow yourself to like you know。

 fully experience that again and then finally start approving of yourself。

 And usually people who have that like carry on all that guilt like again you on boot camp。

 It's like。You just can't like， you don't let that go and anything after that。

 no matter how well you do， you just can't take it in。 Yeah， and well， you never let it in。

 like you can't allow yourself to feel fully happy。

 You can't allow yourself to acknowledge your successes。 And once it gets a little too good。

 you keep fucking it up because you don't feel like you deserve it because， you know， it's like。

 you know， either you'll betray the other person。 And because there's that self， hatey。

 It's like you don't even want you're like， I'm not allowed to make it because I fuck that up。

 I'm not allowed because I'm not a good person。 I'm not allowed because I don't like myself。Yeah。

 that's true。Yeah， the， I think this also blocks me。From fully， like fully morninging like I like。

 I haven't cried me in like five years of。And a lot of should happen like a lot。

Difference stuff happened where。You should cry by sake。

W notSo this can happen sometimes where you start letting something up that's really authentic like you know。

 this selfhate， this guilt and you kind of realize it's okay。

 you know it's okay to start bringing some awareness to it and then more things will come up like you know what。

 I also haven't cried in a long time。You know， and then， of course， you can follow the fear to that。

 And this is extremely common to like apathy， like people are unable to cry， unable to laugh。

 unable to feel。 Now， as little note here too， resistance can manifest itself where。

You just bring up more and more things in order to avoid going deep into the first one。

 So you gotta get a feel for it and tell yourself， hey。

 am I honestly bringing stuff up here because you know， it was okay。

 And I just want to keep on bringing some authenticity out or am I doing it to avoid diving into it。

 So sometimes I'll cut people off I'm like， no， no， no， stay on the first one or okay。

 what's going on here。 Let's dive into that as well。 you're a little pussy if you cry。Yeah。

 that's like everywhere。 It's like as man。 it's like， if you cry or pussy。's like man up。

Are you a pussy mad up。Not okay to cry， but Ily know toly fully。

Like I read like lot like spiritual books and so forth so I like， okay with with feeling it。

 but I still have self conscious don't want left myself feel it it。Why where's the fear。

 What happens if you do， And with apathy， too， as little sigh notes。

 a trap that's extremely common that people fall into is they view it as good。

 They view it as being the goal。 They view it as them being enlightened。 Ca guess what， I never cry。

 I'm never sad any more。 I must be enlightened。 No， because there's still that resistance to crying。

 Enlightenment remembers full self acceptance when you are in the state of total nonre and you welcome everything。

 Apathy is。Resistance， apathy is numbness。 And I went through a period of this when。

I was during the media scandal before I hit rock bottom。For a period of time， I was just like。

 you know what， I'm good now， but I was in just total numbness， and it wasn't good。 You know。

 that's you lying to yourself。 because things would just keep getting worse and worse and worse until I hit the rock bottom。

 It was， you know what， here is fine。 And they just got worse and worse and disappointment after disappointment。

 After a I was like， you know what， F it。 And you just kind of give up。 And you think it's， oh。

 I gave up。 But no， thats just you going numb to it。And that's you again。

 abandoning a huge part of yourself。 And the more you do that too。

 the more you realize you're going to start abandoning other emotions。

 like even happiness to the point where you just don't even fucking feel just full apathy。

 not just crying， but just everything youre just。A shell of a person。You know。

 that's not enlightenment， that's not what you're after。

 you need to sink into the resistance around feeling what's so bad if you cry。

 what's so bad if you laugh， what's so bad if you feel。You know， you're here to feel。

Life without feelings is not life， you're here to have that contrast and that range of experiences。

Develop that empathy with yourself， let go of that resistance。

 tune into what comes up when I say feel， when I say experience， negative emotions。Like of that。

