# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：06.指导发行：24.晚上有意识的释放【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Make sure you're in an environments where there are no external distractions where no one can interrupt you。

 Make sure your notifications are off on your phone， on your computer。

 and then sit down in a chair with your back straight， stay alert。

 Stay present and place both of your hands on your lap。 Palms facing down and then close your eyes。

 And let's begin。 So the first step is be aware of what you want to let go of。

 And let's start here by getting you out of your head and getting you into your body。

 And I want you to visualize that little voice always yaapping about between your ears。

 still hanging on things that happen today day， or things that didn't happen to day。 things you did。

 things you didn't do。 things you should have done。 Just going around in circles。

 thinking about all these things over and over again。 hanging on them。

I want you to visualize that voice， changing locations and moving all the way down to the base of your spine。

This is also known as your rude chakra or your basic chakra。

 And this is the place that establishes that deep connection with your physical body。

 So bring your awareness down。All the way down to the base of your spine。And just notice。

 things become a little quieter。You're not thinking from down there。Breathing from down there。

 operating from down there。And let's go ahead and lock in that position by doing three cycles of pro breathing where you're going to inhale through your nose for the count of 6。

 Hol it for 3， and then exhale for 6， making a shh sound and then holding it for three again。

So from the base of your spine， inhale for the count of 6， starting now 1。2，3。4。5，6， hold for 3，2。

3 eggs for6 sh。2。3。4。5，6， hold for three again。3。Read normally。Let's do the next cycle。

Deep breath from the base of your spine。 starting now，1。2。3，4。5，6， hold 3，2。3 exle for6。2。3。4，5，6。

4 for 3，2。3， please normally。And let's do one last cycle here。Big breath from the base of your spine。

 and Al 6，1。2，3。4，5，6， quarter 3，2。3， exhale for6。2。3。4。5，6， hold for 3。th3。Borally。

Really feel that connection to your body。 You're out of your head。That little voice is a lot quieter。

 And I want you to bring your awareness back to the different sensations going on。

And just see if anything stirred up。If there's any tension。Any discomfort， any tightness， any upsets。

 anything that came up during the course of the day that you may be then acknowledge。

 Let's give those sensations the attention they need now。And just notice what comes up。

Think about your day。What sensations arise。Think about things that happen today。

 things that didn't happen today。Things that you did。Things that you didn't do。Things said。

 you should have done。Notice if there' is any self attack。If you're judging yourself for today。

Criticizing yourself。For today。Making yourself wrong。For things you did or didn't do。

Or should have done。Maybe something that you really wanted to happen didn't happen the way you wanted to do。

Or it didn't happen at all。 Maybe you found yourself in a situation where you were embarrassed。

 disappointed。😔，Notice the sensations。Notice if there are some things you're still trying to figure out or make sense of today。

Or if you're already thinking about tomorrow。And if there is any dread， worry or anxiety。

Bring your awareness to the associated sensations。And let them come up。

And we're going to move to the second step here， which is allow yourself to experience them fully。

And what I want you to do now is to stay with those sensations， to sink into them。

And let them take over。Don't resist them。 Don't fight them。 Don't judge them。

 Don't try to fix them or get rid of them or try to understand them。 There is nothing you need to do。

Just surrender to them。Just be with them。Stay with them。

And keep breathing from the base of your spine， validating them。Let them take over。

Thinkk into them even more。P them。Be with them fully。Now。

 let's start moving into the third and final step， which is let it come up and let it out。

 And this is what we're going to do。 Now。 You're going to invite all of the sensations to come up。

And come out。 Remember， they want to leave。 They want to run their course。

And reach their natural end， and fade away。You just have to stop hanging on to them。

By resisting them。So what we're going to do here is three more cycles of chronic breathing。

Breathing into these sensations， letting them take over with each inhale。Visualizing them coming up。

And with each exhale， making that shh sound， I want you to visualize them。

 passing through you and letting them out。So tune into the different sensations that were brought up。

And let's bring them up for the count of6。 Inhale now 1。2。3。4，5，6， hold for 3，2。3， exhale for6。2。3。4。

5，6， over 3。3， breathe normally。There's probably more down there。Bring your awareness to them。

9年 to them。Let's bring them up and release them inhale for the count of6 one。2，3。4。5，6。

 Hol for the count of 3。Get ready to let them out。Xel for 6 sh。2。3。4。5，6， over 3，2。3。Read normally。

We're gonna do one last cycle here。Whatever's left。Any sensation， Bring your awareness to them。

And let's bring all of that up right now， inhale for 6， one。2。3。4，5，6， over 3，2，3。 Send it all out。2。

3。4。5，6。 Let it all out。 Who for three。3。Brethe normally。And lets let things settle forbid here。

And notice。Feeling of Lightness。Notice a weight that's been lifted。A feeling of relief。

And let' just stay with。This new experience of yourself。For a few moments， right now。All is good。

All is perfect。Yeah。Just be with yourself。Now， let's do one last cycle of chronic breathing。

 breathing from the base of your spine。Inhale for the count of 6， starting now 1。2。3。4。5，6。

 hold for 3，2。3， Excelel for 6 sh。2。3。4。5，6， hold 3。3。Reason normally。Now。

 we're going to get ready to come back。Relieved。Ha peaceace。And ready to have a great night。

Deep sleep。Slowly start moving your body a little。Bring some awareness back to your surroundings。

And slowly， get ready to open your eyes， right。