# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：（英文字幕 不推荐看））：07.转变内场系列：03.如果你不能笑【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So another thing a lot of people hold back and suppress similar to putting themselves out there。

 being loud， screaming or singing is laughing。 You know， they've labeled。

 laughing is unacceptable due to the way that they were conditioned。

 as we've previously discussed if you grew up in a household where everyone's just negative and miserable all the time。

 If you come into the household and you just start being positive。

 start laughing and having fun shooting the shit， they're going to quickly shut you down。 You know。

 they're going be like， hey， not under this fucking roof。 You don't be so fucking happy。

 What are you so happy about。 You don't deserve to be happy。 And in order to cope with that。

 you're going to try to disown that aspect of you that laughs that is positive that is happy。

 You're like， this is bad， must always be negative。 And this is becoming more and more apparent。

 If you just jump on social media now and it's reinforce now， too， with the whole hustle mentality。

 You know， where there's this whole label around fun and laughter or where it's a waste of time。

 You know。😊，SeePeople make fun of it。 It's like， hey， well other people。Are laughing， having fun。

 being positive。 They're wasting time。 And that's your opportunity to work and beat them。

 they're having fun。 You're working。 You are always working。 while they're being happy。

 you are miserable and that's what motivates you to work even more。 hustle hustle。

 like that's the hustle mentality。 you'll see a bunch of people promoting misery。

 saying it's all about misery。 If you're too happy。

 you better find a way to make yourself miserable to hustle more。

 and it's the mocking other people who are having fun。

 So it's just reinforcing that conditioning where you're like， oh my God， it must never have fun。

 You feel guilty about， having fun， you feel guilty about laughing。 you think you're slacking off。

 you think you're part of the people who are not getting ahead because they're having fun。

 So that's you know happening And another thing too。

 nowadays is the whole PC mentality where you're afraid of laughing because you may laugh at something that in a certain context is not acceptable and you quickly get shame for it。

 like that is not politically correct。😊，You can't laugh at that joke， shamed。It's now scary to laugh。

 And less and less people are laughing。 I see it in seminars too again。

 I'll make a joke And even just like say， seven years ago。

 people would fucking like fall on the floor， like laughing at that joke here。

 there's always a little bit of hesitation。 It's they look around。 It's okay to laugh。

 They wait for someone to kind of laugh first。 and they're like， okay， we could laugh。

 It's acceptable here。 And a lot of people， even though other people are are laughing。

 they just can't。 There's like。😊，And of course， if I see that。You're coming up front。

 but realize here， as we discussed， again， laughing is a huge sign of thriving。

You're not thriving if you're not laughing。 If you're miserable， you are not quote unquote。

 succeeding。 Okay， and this doesn't take away from the work。

 It doesn't take away from hard work for a lot of things you want to accomplish。

 You must put in a lot of fucking work， but。Laugh while working。You know。

 like I get this question too。 It's like， I'm working at a computer at a desk all the time。

 How can I be positive and laugh。Change the inner dialogue instead of being like miserable working。

 start laughing as you type a word， be like， fuck， yeah， look at that word， Ki in it。 Look at me。

 type in this fucking word。Thve， laugh while。Putting in the hard work。 Okay， they're not exclusive。

 And while you're putting in this hard work too， just be more lied about it。 You know。

 the same goes for what we're， you know， talking about here。I'll see questions online。You know。

 taking this shit so seriously in such a perfectionist way。

 And it doesn't mean this is not a serious matter。 Of course not。

 but you can't go about it in such a serious way。 You know， I'll see questions like。

 what's the best way to let go。 What is What about this。 Am I doing it right， Is it perfect。

 perfectionist。 I need everything。 I need to read all the more knowledge and books about this。

 Oh my God， and just freaking out。 You know， becoming very compulsive with this practice and using it as。

 again， another reason to beat themselves up。 And you need to， although it's serious。

 you can't be viewing it so seriously。 You need to let go of this label of everything is so serious。

 I must do it perfectly。 F that。 Okay， for you to do it perfectly。

 let go of trying to do it perfectly。 And this applies to。What we're talking about here。

 it applies to work and it applies to life。 You know， we make things way more serious than they are。

 We make life way more serious than it is。 You know， don't take shit so fucking seriously。

 There's a lot of fear around fucking around similar to kind of letting loose and screaming。

 And that's pretty interesting。 Like we think， you know。

 screaming or being loud is scarier in reality。 A lot of it's having fun。

 A lot of people just can't have fun， they're afraid of having fun， they're afraid of laughing。

 Like sometimes if they watch a movie。 There's like just can't laugh。 used to be me。

 I go to even like a comedy show。 Like， let me know if youre relate。

 you go to see a comedian or watch it here， you know， you don't have come like Netflix。 you know。

 watch。Good comedians on Netflix。 Do you laugh。 Are you on your head serious。

 A lot of us were just in our head conceptualizing。 I'd be analyzing。 like， I see what he did here。

 I understand the oh， the tonality。 Yes， I see first just actually laughing。

 And you can see the connection here， too， to getting out of your head。 You know。

 as long as you're in your head， conceptualizing。 It's gonna be very hard to laugh。

 It's get out of your head。 Occup your body， Connect with your body， Connect with the world。😊。

And let that out。 You know， it seems so simple。 Like would just have fun， man。

 but it's actually extremely， extremely difficult。 And the first thing I want to just get out of your head here is that。

 you know， somehow just the way the we're condition。

 we always associate success in whatever area of life， Succ equals hustle， discipline， seriousness。

 grind， torture， martyr， pain， misery， and zero happiness。 if you laugh。

 if you celebrate if you're happy you're no longer what hustling。 you're no longer hustling。

 you'll lose your drive， you don't deserve it， you know， and we take pride in that。

 like that's the image we have。 So when you are hustling， you're actually happy because you're like。

 yes， I'm the hustleler。 You know， it's like I'll see so many like。😊，You have to understand， too。

 there's different paradigms。 Like for someone who's lazy a shit， you better hustle。 You know。

 that's like what I call optimizing paradigm 1。 But then you got to move beyond that。 And right now。

 too many of us are stuck in this like optimized paradigm 1。 Like you go on fucking Instagram。

 You'll see pictures of just people looking so miserable， saying， hustle。And I'm like。

 what the fuck is that， Like literally， like the saddest looking people hustle and being happy about how sad they are and trying to look sadder than the next person。

hu走了。Almost hurting more。 Let me just hustle， hustle。 Like， that's the next step。

 You're going to see that。 Like， punch me。Hustle。Okay。Now， that is horrible。 Okay。

 that is absolutely horrible。 I do just want to say， though。 Again。

 there's different pieces of advice for wherever you're at with the laughter， with the fun。

 we you have to realize is that if you're just hooked on this hustle and you're so miserable。

 you're not winning。 That's not the end goal。 It's a stepping stone there。 But to the end goal。

 And anyone who's quote unquote successful。 whatever your definition of success is is not that fucking serious is not that miserable。

😊，Okay， that is not what it is。 If you look behind the scenes， like， if you look at me。

 I'm joking around all the fucking time behind the scenes。

 Apart from the seriousness before the events。 If you look at Owen。

 Tyler in some of his recent events， he's always joking around， too。 That's a sign of thriving。

 Like you're trying to thrive， is thriving。hu瘦了。No， that's not thriving at all。 You know。

 it's okay to laugh。 And another one， too， is realize it' you will be motivated by having fun。

 You will be motivated by abundance。 It's not just fucking misery that motivates you。

 And with a lot of people who are just constantly hooked on hustle。 in reality。

 you don't have that selftt， that you'll be naturally motivated。

 You don't think that you have your own best interest at thought at heart。

 you think that if you don't force yourself to do something， you're just gonna go down。

 So there's zero self trustrust。 And because that you're always like。

 there's always that tension inside。 So with you give us some context。

What why are you so serious and， and why， why， What's up。And I don't know。 it's really weird。

 I feel sometimes when I have too much fun like party and then I get girls and everything。

 How do you have fun。 I just get state by approaching and how do you have fun right now here。😊。

I don't know。Try。How do you define what's blocking you from having fun right now。不去。

You really don't know。Yeah。I can tell you， like， if I was in your place right now。

 what the first thing that would pop to mind， what's blocking me。

 sitting in front of 300 people being put on the spot by me。Do you don't think that's blocking you。

 having all this pressure and people looking at you， judging you from having fun。

 first So why dot you say it。I didn't think about okay， so that's blocking you what else？

Just dig inside what's going on？I think I'm blocking myself okay， how do you feel right now？

But everyone's expecting something， but I don't know what about。Hi。No。

 one exercise I love doing the people in front is for like 30 seconds。

 narrate and try to go a little louder here。 what's going on， narrate， your thoughts， narrate。

 what's going on。Present to the moment， Mary。 So again， we have to get him out of his head。 You know。

 it's like， what's blocking you， The fact you're in your head。 You're like， oh my God。

 I must laugh just that I must laugh now。 And that's why kind of like adding this pressure。

 It makes you realize， like， oh my God。😊，My head's blocking me。

And another great exercise to get out of your head to kill that front， if you will。

 is to narrate what's going on in the moment， you know， that little voice。

 that little chatter box like what's going on Oh my God that people are saying to me。

 I'm supposed to laugh and unable to laugh oh I'm on stage and Julias here and everyone's oh my God。

 that voice narrate it。You know， by narrating it in the moment， not telling a story。

 narrating what the fuck it saying， you kind of get rid of that front。 you know。

 it brings out a little glimpse of authenticity， which will then allow you to laugh because as long as that front is still there。

 you're trying to maintain a certain image。It'll be impossible to laugh。Okay。

 so I'm sitting here just。I feel bit tired。T narrating。 I feel Wait。

 you don't wantna narrate like your mind and say， what the fuck do want to do with the chair。

That's what you narrate。 It's like right now in the moment。 when I do this。 be like， oh。

 I't know what's happening。 And now I'm talking。 I'm front of all these people。 And shit。

 I don't really know what's good。 Here I am with this dude and fucking weird， you know。😡，Like that。

 narrate to the moment， not a story。 Narrate exactly that little voice in your head。

This is like step1 to removing all fronts because having fun， it's very similar。

 It's like people are people pleasing。 like anxiety。 It's the same type of thing。

 It's like let go of whatever front you're carrying right now。 And step 1。 And this is， again。

 not the end goal。 It's a temporary step there。 Just narrate with the fucks going on。

 So try it 10 seconds， even。😊，Okay， so I'm sitting here。 This guy's look at me。

 I think you look okay。😀Be careful not to go into story。 Like what your mind's thinking。

 Like right now， when you said that and say people start laughing， What did your mind say， naed that。

😊，Yeah， I felt bit relieved cause， O， everyone's laughing now。 I can。Also。

 just let go a little bit and then。Okay。They're still expecting some。Seriously no thought。

 no thought about this。个。Okay， now Julies touching me。Okay， now I feel like I want' to go back to。

I don't stock it。あは。点关。さ。Bye。You're laughing。You're gay。 You're laughing。 That's what I。I'm kidd。

 I'm kidding。No， no， no，s not it's not over yet， it's not over yet。Hい。Now。Let's just break this down。

 Okay， It's like， basically， you reached a point。 like we all hang on a certain image。

 We I want to do well。 We all want to be cool with me here doing this shit。

 You reached a point where you just can't be cool， no more with some dude massaging your shoulder。

 touching himself， licking himself， like， like， you can't be like， so cool， bro。

 There is no way you can sit here and be cool in that scenario。😊，And that's when laughter kicked in。

 So as I mentioned before， it's robbing him of his coping mechanism， you know。

 trying to be cool and not laugh。 that's you coping。 If I rob you of that。😊，Laughter kicks in。

 Authenticity kicks in。 F trying to be cool。 Okay， this whole trying to be cool is not cool。

 When you here， be a cool person， a cool person doesn't give a fuck about being cool。

 And it links what we talked about before。 You know， the serious person。 always discipline。 F that。

 The cool person。 always see it。 No， cool people don't give a shit。

 The guys who are the coolest are guys who are the most relaxed。 We're just like， yeah。

 just don't care。 The people you can feel okay around the guys who are carefree。

 It's not someone who's like。😊，Hello， man。I'm very serious。 It's like， loose， you know。

 and you can feel it like an event like this， too。 And I've done events。

 A lot of events where I try to be fucking cool。 There's a very different vibe。

 There's a different vibe with me going up here， like。😊，Okay， everyone， do it like super serious。

 There's like a little bit of a tenseness versus fuck it。 Let's have fun。 We're all here。

 Let's fuck it like loose， you know， And a lot of that is destroy your fucking image。

 destroyy that ego。 You know， and you don't have to do obnoxious things。

 Like people read it that way too far。 Like， oh， let me like piss on the ground。 destroy like， no。😡。

But just do little things。 like， just laugh。 It's like， what can I do。 Like。

 what am I hanging onto if I let loose， What am I afraid of losing and then destroy that？

 And the best way is like learning how to laugh at yourself。 like take yourself way less seriously。

 you know， here we're all thinking like， oh， it's so serious。 it's like， no。

 nothing's fucking serious。 You know， do shit like that。

 It's like whatever you think like for you might be doing like little gay thing。

's like don't get hooked on that and it' become the guy who does the gay thing。

 But little things like that， like stuff that sparks up that genuine laughter and understand this too。

 like getting yourself to laugh。 like there's no logical thing to do because if you're thinking logically。

 it's not gonna work because now you logical。 It's doing something that disrupts that logicality。

 doing something that disrupts your ego， for example， something that's out of left field。

 something kind of unexpected。 interrupt。 Yeah， It's like you're like， I'm very serious。 I'm talking。

 I'm here in front of the audience。😊，Something like that， it's like， you knowt expect。 You're like。

 who you laugh。The glimpse of looseness。Allright。So。Make yourself high。Yeah。😊，いく？Yeah。Yeah。Yeah。

What do you feel like doing？ It's like， we're chill， We're all just fucking around。 You know。

 it's all like there's 300 people to ser。せ。Yeah， one last thing to do。

 just whatever you feel like doing， here you are。B't make this fun， you're sitting here。

 you're stuck here for like 15 more seconds。It make the 15 seconds fucking fun。

 So I put the pressure back on him here。 You know， everyone's staring at you to really get him to do it on his own。

All right， everyone， this I'm Tyler from RD。👏There you go。👏Now。Do you feel better。

 This is just like a little five minute example。 But you feel better than before。はい。Now。

 this brings up the last point with fun。 It's like learning how to give yourself props as well。 Okay。

 somehow we have this distortive view where we get so hooked on again， like misery， negativity。

 misery， negativity， you can't laugh。 and you can't give yourself props。 Okay。

 I see this with clients all the time。 I'll give you two quick stories。 One guy in Chicago。

 This is linked to success with women。 goes out on the first night of boot camp。 And at the end。

 he's like， he stays with this girl as he drinks so and so forth。 And the next day ask him。

 So what happened。 He's like， well。😊，We， we stayed there for a while。 and then， you， I asked her。

 you know， she wanted to come hang out。 And she said， no。 And I'm like， okay。

 So then I texted her today， and we met up during the day， and we had a blast。 and I fucked her。

 what。So he's saying that。 Now， while you' saying this story， We're all sitting。

 Why saying this story， We're in a restaurant， Some girl walks up from her fucking table interrupts。

 like excusecus me。 I'm like， what the fuck is this。 And she's like， she tells the dude。 I saw you。

 And can I just have your number。 And he's like， okay， I guess here。

 And we're all out having a blast at the end of the night。 She's like text him。

 Here's my address Come over。 Like pictures her in her bed。 He's like， should I go fuck。 I'm like。

 yeah， He's like。And then the next day he's like， I fucked her on the third day。

Like literally talking about as if someone died。 like he's like at a funeral。 like。

 then I fucked her the next day。 I'm like， the fuck dude。 And then another guy。

 this is two weeks ago in Stockholm。 Sam thing。 First night goes out， boom， go somewhere with a girl。

 Awesome night。 next day's like， I guess the first night was pretty good， I'm like， well。

 what is amazing， you know， like if you could see your face here too just laughing with the Tyler thing。

 you're like， look Tyler and you're like， yeah， if that's not youre having a blast。 Like， what is。😊。

You know， and I have to do this sometimes with clients where they're talking to， for example。

 girls and they can't see the girls smiling back at them。

 I literally have to take my fucking phone and be like。run away。 It's like， who the fuck says like。

 fucking weird dude like every time I' like， they're smiling。Take it in。You know。

 so it's like take in like success。 Like we always place this bar way too high， no matter what we do。

 we think， no， but there's better。 there's better。 It's better constantly beating ourselves up。

 It's like， no， like if there's three things， I could say like。

 if there was an app like I might even make this app like three things are I appear。

 whether you're out interacting with women or in life。 It's like one， it's all good。 Like literally。

 whatever you're happening tonight， You're like， oh like it's all good。2， realize you're there。

 You've made it， a lot of interactions， for example， it's guys realizing they haven't made it。😊。

It's like you think there's somehow you need more， and you just keep chasing。

 and then you just turn into a try hard。 A lot of those girls， you think you haven't hooked。

 you've hooked， you just haven't realized it。 and then you fuck it up because you haven't realized it。

😡，And then you're like， well， it's cause having a hooks's like， no， you're hooking。

 but you're not acting accordingly。 And 3， it's give yourself fucking props。 You know， even here。

 the fact that you're still somewhat negative beating yourself up when you just did a fucking mate。

 like you went up in front of this crowd。😡，Most people。

 like a lot of people here would be shitting their pants or would probably say no and miss out on this opportunity。

 You didn't。 You stepped out and you were able to fucking laugh。 I to do it when I Yeah。

 you feel down before you look miserable a shit。 You know， and notice how you're still avoiding it。

 like， oh but I want to。 It's like， no， at some point， you got to sit the fuck down。

 And you should ideally do this every day And like give yourself props。 Like。

 were you looking for this event。 Yeah， where you don't look like it。 Here you are in front。

 You killed it。 you're here with me。 I'm like， dude， you fucking awesome and you can't take it in。😡。

If this was me， I like， if this is me like 10 years ago， even like， boom， say， I go to a Tyler event。

 and this was me with Tyler， I'd be like， when he did this， I'd be licking the finger。

That's how psyched that would be。 I'd be licking that finger。 Like there was no end to it。

 I just thought that's why I wouldn't even talk。 I shut the fuck up。 Let me lick the finger。

 That's all I would do。 Take it in。 And it requires effort to take it in。

 because there's so much charge around like negative shit。 Like every time you fuck up， it's like。

 I suck and people tell you suck When you do well， It's just assumed。 Where's the party。

 when you do well。😡，You know， at the end of every single time， you go out at the end of every day。

 sit down and be like， fuck， what did I do Well， Reflect on it， Take it in， You know。

 you don't have to always be like， no， okay， it's next thing， next thing。You know。

 you should be licking the finger。Okay。Sand up and give yourself a fucking round of applause， man。

 come on。Okay。Now， this is key。 Again， It's like hooked on this negative cycle。

 And we think it's gonna get us somewhere。 It'll get you off your ass in the beginning。

 but it won't keep you going。 You want to keep going in the long term， create a cycle of positivity。

 create a cycle of you giving yourself props。 you're gonna give up very fucking fast。

 So I want to emphasize this too。 If you're someone who has trouble laughing。 You know。

 trouble giving themselves props。 Make this habit at the end of every day write down your successes。

 You know， don't fall asleep， Just replaying all the failures。

 Oh I fuck this up today This up I'm probably gonna fuck this up tomorrow there's this thing I'm gonna do fuck fuck fuck。

 What did you do well， What did you do well today。Come up with three things and lower where the bar。

 You know， give yourself all props on。 Hey， you know， I woke up today and I brushed my teeth。

 I brushed my teeth。 Well， F yeah， that was a success。 You know， I woke up today。 That was a success。

 I'm watching this video。 That's a success。 What are your successes。 And if you have trouble。

There's the warning sign。 Make it a habit。 Again， this is not， it won't make it permanentman。

 but why not hit it from both angles。 Again， This is the external approach。 Okay。

 the outer approach to make this permanent for him， too。It's really sitting down in。

Leting go of all that resistance， you know， letting go of all the trauma that made you suppress it in the first place。

 and another thing too with laughing is get rid of that image that it's immature， you know。

 laughings like for kids， bring that back。That's where a lot of creativity comes from。

 just change the label from immature to creative。YouGet of course， a good work ethic。

 but add that creativity， add that passion。That's we're missing。You know， a lot of people， yeah。

 they have this miserable work ethic that's coming from compulsion， desperation。

 which you should let go of， but beyond that too， its we're losing touch with this creative side of things。

You know， we' turning into these miserable robots。 and lastly， too， with laughing。

Realize it's the ultimate form of self forgiveness。You know。

 when you're able to actually laugh at yourself， that's when you've truly。You know。

 forgiven yourself。Because otherwise it's all these suppressed things you just take way too seriously and you know a lot of people just get triggered and have these pain body attacks all the time when you're able to genuinely laugh at all that。

 it just shows you've released all of that charge and I mean。

 it's a sign of just total self acceptanceceptance。Okay。Start fucking laughing。

