# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：09.月度计划：2月：2.网络研讨会问答【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

One thing I'd add， okay， based on building on the content video。

 and it's something that I mentioned in the content video is still doing whatever you can。

 if it can be done to make things right。Okay， it's。I mean， this。

 I'm sure is a scenario where you feel guilty about something you did something you didn't do。

 something you should have done。 and it's eating you up inside。

 and you watch the content video and you realize， oh man， you know。

 all this self blameme me just regretting this and me dwelling on it。 It's not helpful。

 I'm going to let go of it。 and that is awesome， you have to let go of it。 Okay， as we discussed。

 this state of guilt does not help you at all。 however， and this is a situation， you'll encounter。

 you can let go of it。 But if there's still something that can be done。Externally。

 if there's still some actions you can take to make it right。

 you should be taking those actions or it'll keep eating you up inside。

It's hard to go of guilt if someone else is still hurting。You know， if you。Cheated someone。

 And there's something you can do about it to make it right。

 If you lied to someone and there's something you can do about it， to make it right。

 If you stole from someone。 if you fuck someone over， whatever you did。

 if there are actions you can take to make it right。 Take those actions。

 It's not just about sitting with yourself and just letting go of it， letting go of it。

 or you'll just keep letting go of it for fucking ever because that'll keep popping back in。

 there's part of you that knows， you did something that you regret and you should do something to fix it and there is the action to fix it that's available to you and you're not taking it。

😡，Okay， so if。There's some kind of action you can take， take it。

And then let go of it at the same time okay now sometimes there's nothing you can do。

 sometimes it's just too late， it is what it is and in that case all you can really do is sit with yourself and release it internally。

 but if there are external actions， you know you have to be you know doing it even if it's just apologizing。

You knowEven if it's just going up to someone and be like， heHey， I'm sorry。Just that。Okay。

 if there's anyone you think you may have hurt， go and apologize and that'll be。

One mission I'll give you for this month。