# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：（英文字幕 不推荐看））：04.永久化：08.引导下意识释放【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So the first thing I want you to understand。 And this is extremely important when diving into your subconscious is that you must place yourself in a safe environment。

 Okay， not only an environment where there are no distractions， no interruptions。

 no notifications on your phone or computer， but an environment where you feel completely relaxed and receptive。

 Okay， it's important to let your subconscious know that it's okay here。

 and it's safe to let things come up。😊，So whatever that is for you。

 place yourself in a safe environment right now。 And let's start by sitting down in a chair。

With your back straight。Present， alert。 Don't lean back。 Place both of your hands on your lap。

 Palmms facing down。And close your eyes。 So let's start by getting you out of your head and into your body。

And to do so， I want you to visualize that chatter box between your ears。 Okay。

 that little voice yaapping about。 I want you to visualize it。

 changing locations and moving all the way down to the base of your spine。Okay。

 the place that establishes a deep connection with your physical body。

 bring your awareness down there。Visualize it。 Hping about， just slowly moving down your spine。

And then resting at the bottom。You're now operating from there， thinking from there。

 breathing from there。 And let's go ahead and lock in that position and really ground ourselves there by doing three cycles of chronic breathing。

Where are you going to inhale through the nose。For the count of6。Hold it for  three。

 and then exhale for 6， making a shh。Sound， and then holding for three again。So starting。

From the base of your spine， inhale for the count of six。Wen。2。th3。F。5。6， hold for three。2。

3 X L for 6 sh。3。4。快。six hole for three again， two。3。Breathe normally。Were into two more cycles。

Inhaling from the base of your spine。 starting now，1。2。3e。4。5，6。 hold for three。2。3， X for6。2。3e。4。5。

6。 Hol for three again，2。3。Rereason normally。Let's do one recycl。Inhaling， starting now。1。2。3。4。5。6。

 hold for three，2。3 Xel for 6，1。Qu。3。4。5，6，4 for three。3。Breeno。you can sense that。

Little voice being a little quieter。You're in your body now。 You're out of your head。

You're operating from the base of your spine。That place where really connected。

With your body just really grounded。Now we're going to take it one step further here。

And ground ourselves not only to this place that's at the base of our spine， but also to the earth。

To the ground beneath us。 And this will also help create a feeling of safety where you feel strengthened and supported。

 and youll not so easily be knocked off balance or overwhelmed by what may come up。

So what I want you to do here is visualize roots coming out of the soles of your feet and going deep into the earth。

Visualize them。Going deeper and deeper， getting thicker and thicker strongly。

Grounding you to the earth， beneath you。And what we're going to do here is three more cycles of chronic breathing。

 where you're going to inhale up through those roots。

Th your legs all the way up to the base of your spine。 And when you exhale。

 I want you to shh exhale all the way back out， back down your legs， back down through those roots。

 really strengthening this grounded connection to the earth。So here we go。

 let's begin for the count of6， inhale up， starting now one。2。3。4。5。6， hold for three。2。3。

 Excel for 6。て。3。4。5，6。 Hol for three again，2。th3。Beno。

You can feel yourself become a little bit more。Grounded a little bit more。Centered。Let's do one more。

 starting now， one。2。3。4。5，6， hold for 3，2。3。Excel for 6 sh。2。3。4。5。6， all for3，2。3。Read normally。

Now let's do one last cycle inhale for the count of 6， starting now， one。2。3。4。5ve。6， over three。2。3。

Exhale for six。2。3。4。5。😔，6， hold for three again。3。Bre normally。

AndJust take a moment here to really feel。That grounded connection。

 Feel those strong roots beneath your feet。And now that you're out of your head and into your body and really grounded to the earth beneath you。

 I want you to tune into your stomach and chest area and just start being aware of the different sensations going on。

And just that whatever wants to come up， come up。Whether it's sensations linked to a childhood memory or situation。

Or sensations linked to a recurring pattern in your life。Or if you've been triggered。

Or if you just feel the need to escape something。来在 come up。

If you're reflecting and sinking into your fears。Let that come up as well。

 And just take a moment to dive into those sensations here。Let them take over。Now。

 in dealing with the subconscious， what's extremely important here is to follow whatever comes up to its sort。

So let those sensations take over。And just see what happens when you ask yourself。

When was it previous time I experienced these same sensations。 Whatever comes up。

 Ask yourself a question。Let it come up。 Don't resist it。Whatever wants to come up has to come up。

 be okay with it， and it fully and unconditionally。嗯。Let's go even deeper here。

I want to ask yourself， when was the first time I experienced these same sensations。

And let those sensations come up。Whatever wants to come up。

And just take some time here and keep focusing your attention on this。

When was the first time I experienced these same sensations。Don't try to force the answer to come up。

Simply allow your subconscious to offer it up to you。You're here。😔，You're willing。You're grounded。

It's okay。 It's safe。Keep bringing your attention back to it。When was the first time。And。😔。

Work with whatever comes up。It may not be what you expected。Have zero expectations here。

Justrust that， no matter what comes up。It's what you need at this moment in time。

And if it's resistance。That's fine， too。 When dealing with this subconscious。

 there's a lot of letting go of resistance to going deeper。Now。

 we're gonna move into the second step。Experience these fully。 Stay with these sensations。

 sink into them and let them take over。And it's extremely tempting here to want to fix them。

 change them， label them。Triry to understand what they mean。But。Let go of that urge。

There is nothing you need to do here。 All you have to do is surrender to them and accept them and be with them。

Unconditionally。Okay， remember， this is about accepting and validating whatever comes up。100%。

You don't have to interpret it。You don't have to make sense of it。 You don't have to make it， O。

You simply have to validate that it's there。And be with it。

And just keep breathing into those sensations。And。😔，At this point。It may get worse。Okay。

 and make it worse before it gets better。 Don't be surprised if。

You begin to experience extreme sensations here。That's all right。

 Just simply stay with them and keep。Breathing through them。Keep breathing。

From the base of your spine， you're operating from there。And just remember。

 no matter how intense it gets。There are no sensations that can not be transformed。

Just keep breathing into them。Validating them。Whatever comes up， It's okay。 It's what you need。

And let's just take a few moments here to be with these sensations。Okay， one more breath。Okay。

 so let's not move into the。Third， and final step。And let it all come up， and let it out。

And what you're going to do here is invite these sensations， whatever they may be。

Invite them to come up。To run their course and reach their natural end and disappear。 Remember。

 they want to leave。We simply have to accept them 100%。

 validate them 100% and stop hanging on them and resisting them。

So what you're going to do here is three more cycles of。Product breathing。

 And I want you to breathe into these sensations， whatever came up。And this time， with each inhale。

 I want you to visualize them coming up。And with each exhale， making that shh。Sound。

 I want you to visualize them passing through you and letting them out。So let's tune into it。

Whatever came up， tune into it。And bring it all the way up right now， inhale for the count of six。

 one。2。3。4。5。6， over three。2。Three， let it all out。2。3。4。5。6， hold for3，2。3。Reasonably。Yeah。

There's probably more down there。 Let's tune into it。Whatever sensations are going on。

 whatever stirred up， tune into it and bring it all up right now one。2。3。4。5。6， hold for 3，2。3。

 let it all out，1。2。😔，3。4。😔，fi。6， hold for 3，2。3。😔，Breathe normally， again。没有。

Tune into whatever's left。our sensations are so there， whatever stirred up any discomforts。

Any tension， Any upsets。Tune into it all and bring it up now，1。2。3。4。five。6， hold3，2。3。

 let it all out。2。3。4。😔，5，6。 S it all out。Hhold for three。2。😔，3。Breathe normally。

And let's just let things settle for a bit here。And again。

You'll probably notice things being a little bit lighter in there， and you'll feel some relief。

Let just stay here for a moment。Let yourself experience this relief。啊。

Embrace this new experience of yourself。Let's do one more cycle of chronic breathing。

Breathing from the base of your spine。 inhale for the count of 6， starting now 1。2。th3。4。😔，5，6。

 hold for 3，2。3。Exhale for six。2。3。4，5，6。 Hol for three again，2。3。Breaththe normally。

We're going to get ready to come back here。Slowly。Start moving your body a little。

Bring some awareness back to your surroundings。Move your fingers。 Move your feet。

And then solely get ready to open your eyes， right。Now。Take a few deep breaths。

It's important to take some time to adjust here and get used to your surroundings again。

Letting go of what's in your subconscious is a much more intense process， so。

Take some deep breaths here。Gentally move around a bit more。 You know， you can shake out your body。

 if you like。And just look for。Any signs of relief。This is how you know that you've let go。

And this doesn't mean that you're happier， more positive。It just means that there's more relief。

 You're more piece。 That's really the goal。