# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：（英文字幕 不推荐看））：01.介绍：1.介绍【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is Julian。 and welcome to transformation mastery。 Now。

 Quick heads up here before we both start venturing deep down the rabbit hole together。

 This is the most in depth and the most extensive program that I've ever created。 Okay， straight up。

 And because of that， in order to help me bring all this information to you in a very clear。

 straightforward and comprehensive way。 I'm going to be using the help of my notes。 Okay。

 have them on my laptop right here。 and this whiteboard。

 So you're gonna see me look at you look at the notes， look at the whiteboard。

 I'm going be bouncing between the three embraced that as that is the formats。

 And I've also opted for a much more lighthearted and carefree format here than some of my previous programs in terms of success with women。

 Okay， where it's me， you know， showing up in front of the camera in very intensely shooting information at you。

 just for this one here， let's let it breathe a little。 Okay， so that being said。

 I want to start here。😊，They asking you a question。 Okay， and that is。How does it feel。Bingyu。

What's it like？Okay， and before you give me your go to answer that you've probably given a fucking million times before。

 like， hey， how how are you doing， I'm good， I'm good or， okay， whatever you're used to saying。

 I want us to start with an exercise here。 And I want us to bring some awareness to the different sensations going on in our bodies。

 because that will give you the real honest answer。 I don't want the mental answer。

 I don't want the answer just out of habits。 I want to really know what it's like being you。Okay。

 and we're gonna start with an exercise。 I expect you to do it。 I expect you to participate。

 This isn't just a program where you intellectually take the information in。

 It's a much more experiential approach。 So do it now。 Okay， close your fucking eyes。 Like。

 close them， Sha your fucking eyes now。And bring your awareness into your body。 Okay， and。

This is something that we're not used to doing。 Okay， in the society that we live in today， we're。

 you know， continuously on the run， kind of escaping ourselves， looking for different distractions。

 different things to do。 the next thing， the next thing， the next thing， you know。

 we're conditioned to pretty much never be with ourselves。 We're conditioned not to feel。

And this is what we're going to do here。 Okay， for a little while， or simply。

Going to be with ourselves。Okay， so。Take some deep breaths。Simply hang out in there。

What's it like being you， What's going on in there。Okay， what is？

This experience you're having right now， with being you。Okay。

 and bring some awareness to the different sensations。 You know， if there's any tenseness。Any。

 you know， upsets， any discomfort。 There's like a knot in your stomach。 if you're tense， you know。

 if your body language is tense， if your face。His ten so if you're at ease。Okay。

 just start making a list。What's going on？And I want you to view this objectively and to do this。

Imagine someone else other than you is just magically transported into your body。

 and he's experiencing what you're experiencing now。😊。

What would that person's experience of you be like。

 What would that person rate say on a scale of one to 10？

That experience of you would it be a pleasant experience。 That person be like， wa， this was。

This is fun。 This is pleasant or holy shit。 I'm very happy。😊，I'm not that person。

 Give me out of here。 Give me out of this fucking body。 Okay， what would it be。

 And just for fun here。Rate it。 Imagine're that person experiencing you rate it objectively on a scale of 1 to 10。

Okay， and。To it in one more time。You can open your eyes now。And give me the answer。He。

 virtually give me the answer。That's the real answer。 That's the honest answer。

 It's not the answer you give out of habit。Mentally， this is what it's really like to be you。 Okay。

 and I can guarantee you。You're nowhere near but 10 out of 10。

 and you're nowhere near where you originally mentally thought you were。Okay， for me。Back in the day。

 I used to be a three out of 10。 That was me。 That was the， the experience。That I had of myself。

 Okay， and I'm going to view this as your baseline， your foundation， your default。

 This is you at a core level。And it's pretty crazy to realize， you know， underneath it all。

 underneath all the distractions。Underneath your， you know， external， you know。

 your external circumstances， your life situation， this is you。Okay， and again， most of us。

 our state of being or experience of ourselves is just shit。 Okay，3 out of 10。 me back in the day。

 It was horrible。 You know， I was in this constant state of anxiety， paranoia satisfaction。

 isolation， depression， It was miserable。 You know， I was the type of person。

 if I was out in the street。 I couldn't even ask someone for the fucking time。 That's how bad it was。

 I was just so anxious， like walking down the street， couldn't ask someone for the time。

 walking down the street。 I felt like everyone was looking at me。 Everyone was just judging me。

 I was extremely like just closed off， like don't look at me， don't look at me。

 Like it was stressful to leave the fucking house。 It was so bad for me that even at family meals。

 like say it was a big get together over the holidays where。Cousins， you know。

 extended family comes in and everyone wants to know， you know， what's new with you。

 I would dread that。 I'd be like， don't pick me， Don't pick me。 Julia。 what's new with you。

 I'd be I'd almost be unable to answer。 I'd be like， not big much。Really， well speak up。

 Why are you so quiet。 Are you shy like it was bad even at school， like growing up there， you know。

 when you have to read a book， you know， around the classroom and they。

 they randomly pick different people。 So it's like， you start reading Sarah。

 social story the first you lines or paragraphs。 Now， you pick up where she left off。 Now you。

 for me， that felt like Russian roulette， I was like， oh my God， my God， oh my God， my God。

 it was so bad。 And that was me on a daily basis， just in this continuous state。😊，Of shit。And again。

 this is most people， and I'm sure。As， as I hate to say this。

 I'm sure you can relate because this is the world that we live in。 We're all in this shitty。State。

 and we're all unaware of it。 And this is the scary part。 We're unaware of it。

 And we just take it for granted。 Why， Ca it's always been this way。

We never bring our awareness to it。 It's always been like this。

 And the world around us is built around us trying to avoid us， trying to never be with ourselves。

 trying to never bring our awareness to it。 So it's like distraction， distraction， focus on this。

 Go get this， this， this， this。And that's life。 A way I like to illustrate this is if I'm giving a seminar。

 for example， I always make everyone just shut the fuck up for a second。 You know， I's like。

 shut the fuck up for 10 seconds， don't make a sound。And it gets really quiet。

 And the one thing that stands out just。Humming in the background is the AC。You want a wacky example。

We all have like this refrigerator， hum， Let's just say like this constant， subtle anxiety。 Yeah。

 we're so useful You don't even realize it similar to this here。

 You probably haven't realized it until I'm pointing it out now， if you're all very quiet。

 what do you hear。It's been going on this entire time。You were like， this is normal。

That's going on us all the time。 Ands so it's like we' like where I was escaping。

 we've even designed a life where we can escape more and more and more。 It's like very little。

 Did you just stand still and do nothing。 where I was on our cell phone， go home。

 turn on the TV computer。 It's like what was doing， doing， doing， doing， doing， doing。Otherwise。

 you fall back to this。You know， its like like， it's like， I can。 I gotta do。

 This here is unfortunately how most people go about their lives。 and this。Leads to a life of coping。

 and it leads ultimately to a life of escapism。 Okay， so viewer like this。Right here。

You have the 10 out of 10。Here you have the one out of 10。For me， again， I was round of three。

So instead of being at a 10 out of 10 baseline， where。You feel great， amazing， alive， abundant。

 And you can from there use that as a platform to just thrive in life。 Okay。

 and propel yourself and your results even higher。😊，Instead。You're coping。With this shit。

 you're coping with the three out of 10 and all your energy。All your focus。 All your awareness。

Is directed towards that。That's life， that's most people。And then， of course。

 because all your energy is directed towards that。Your life situation， Okay。

 the external circumstances get shitttier。 So now you have to cope with all of that。

 and then you have to cope with even more because it gets shitttier and shitttier。 And it's this。

Downward spiral。This is， unfortunately， the direction that most people's lives are heading。

 You can try it as an experiment here。 Just go out in a public area and just look around you。

Look at the people around you and ask yourself， you know， how many。People。At that moment in time。

 do you see who genuinely look happy， alive and fulfilled。

How many people do you see who genuinely look like they're just fucking， thriving on life。You know。

 like， they're just fucking there。 They're present。 You can see it in their eyes。

 There's that lights in the pupils。 There's that energy。 where youre like， wow， you know。

 that person's fucking alive。 That person's taking it in。My guess is not many， if not any。

 What you're gonna see instead， are people just closed off， struggling， afraid， coping。 again。

 that's the biggest one。 It's like。Fucking coping， or're just coping through life。

 just trying to survive with that shitty state of being compensating， escaping it。

And if you think about it， too。If you don't have this 10 out of 10。

 because that really is your oxygen， you can't breathe。

 and you're spending your entire life not living， but escaping。O， coping leads to escapism。

 It's a life of escapism。Everything you do is simply an escape。You know， you can ask yourself， like。

 let's just say drinking alcohol， for an example。Sometimes you drink because。You enjoy it。

 You enjoy the taste。 You're feeling fucking awesome。 You're like，y， let's， let's have a drink。

Other times you drink to numb yourself。 You know， maybe you broke up with someone。 you feel horrible。

 Sore like， girl just have a drink to just numb it。 You're not enjoying the taste。

 You're just drinking to numb。 That's how most people go about life。

 Instead of taking it in instead of enjoying it。There's trying to numb and drown this shit。Okay。

 if they're， you know， if they're looking for a purpose， I， I love this example， a purpose。

 know here like， you need a purpose。They're not authentically drawn towards their purpose。

 They're just。Rasping for a purpose。To escape this and to numb it， to cope with it。

Nothing is authentic。 Nothing is genuine。 It's just this life is of escapism。

 like you've never actually taken in what's around you。 You've never tasted life。 Now。

 the second question that I want to ask you here。Is do you think。That baseline， that foundation。

 that default， that experience of you is ever going to change。And this is the scary one。

 This used to scare the shit out of me and just frustrate me。 was it was bad。 Okay。

 because most people aren't aware of it。 But now that you are， you're like， oh man。

 this experience me， a shit。 I'm fucking 3 out of 10。 Let's fix it。 Let's fucking， fix it。

 So you get into you know， personal development。 You get into improving yourself。

 You start venturing down the now popular road of success。 Okay。

 and this is where it gets fucking scary because the more you venture down this road。

The more you start realizing that the things you thought would fix。

Your default would fix that baseline， didnn't。And that's when get scary。 They're like， whoa。

 I did that。 I did that。 I did that， and it's still not。Working， you know。

 I've improved my relationships。 I've improved。My life situation， I've， I've traveled。

 I've experienced all this。 I've worked on my personality。 I've removed all these negative traits。

 I've added positive ones。 I'm going to all these， you know， retreats。 I'm meditating。

 I'm changing my diet， my health， etca， et cetera， but underneath it all。😊，It's still the same。

And that scared me because， I mean， that was the。Like my whole first part of like my。

 my personal development journey， let's just say， was me trying to fix this baseline。

 And I would achieve things。 You know， I'd be like， well， let's get， you know。

 I'd probably feel better if I had social skills and I got a。😊，a really like healthy。

 like relationship with a beautiful girl。 You know， let's get this girl thing handled。

 Let's get the success with women handled。 And I did。 I'm like，huh。😊，Underneath it all。

 I still feel shitty。 Let's get my finances handled。 get the finances。Didn't work。 you know。

 let's work on some fame。 Maybe some approval and validational work。Noop。And， I mean， at the end。

 I was like， well， I've， I've tried it all。It's still not changing。 Is it ever going to change。

 You know， the more I did， the more I got， the more I had， the more I achieved。

It just became clear and clear that。It didn't work。

And this is something that a lot more people are realizing nowadays， you know， with the。

Development of technology and the Internet。You， you know， versus before， it's a lot easier to。

 you know， achieve certain things。 say you want to start an an online business。 now you can。

 You know， the Internet just opens so many doors and we're kind of realizing like， shit。

 we're slowly realizing， we're extremely stubborn， but we're slowly realizing， man， it's not working。

I got what I thought。Would fix this。But， it didn't。I I， I started my business。

 Why underneath it all do I still feel this shitty， Okay， and even personal development。

 traditional personal development。Doesn't help with that。

 because what is traditional person moment doing， It's tweaking the external。

 It's tweaking the surface。It doesn't go deep in terms of what's it like being you。 It's hey。

 what's your personality， Let's add this to your personality。 Let's tweak this。 Let's nuke this。

 It never gets to。This baseline。It never gets to true personal transformation。

 you're just stuck with it。Again， just view it this way。IfThis is the baseline， this is you。

Then there's your personality。What most people do is they try to get external things like， you know。

 fame， money， girls， success， health。E cetera， travelable， et cetera， et cetera。That doesn't work。

 It just on the surface。 So then you're like， well， let's， let's tweak this my personality here。

 confidence， outgoingness， positivity， you know， let's do a positivity challenge， Po focus。😊。

Let's go， you know， and I don't know， at willpower， at hustle， et cea， et cetera。

 But it's still the surface。 If you take away all that shit。You're still。You know， for me。

 three out of 10。And what you have to start realizing here， this is what I want to really。

Hammer home is that maybe the answer isn't。More money， more girls， more success。

Maybe the answer isn't more books， more courses， more traditional personal development。

 more seminars。Maybe the answer。Just maybe。Whyise beyond all of that。Okay， and of course， you know。

 don't misinterpret this。 I'm not saying that any of these things are bad。 I'm not saying。

 don't go for success。 Don't， you know， work on your personality。 Fuck all that。 Of course not。 Okay。

 like that will help big time。For the external。But it just doesn't address that baseline。

 That's what I'm saying。 Whenever I say this to people always experience a little bit of resistance。

 You may be experiencing it right now because， you know， you've probably。

Invested a lot in these things。 You've probably been working on them a lot。 And I'm telling you。

 fuck all this。 It's not gonna work。 And you're like， no， no， I've spent 2，3 years working on myself。

 and all my personality has to work。Maybe some resistance， but be honest with yourself。

 That's the best way。 Be honest， has anything really changed。

Or is all this just pure mental masturbation。 It's this big circle jerk like， oh。

 let's pause the focus self help， you know， girl success， money。

 business like nothing's fucking changing。 be honest。 if you're not 10 out of 10， It's not working。

 And this is really what we're all after， it's getting to this deep work。

 It's getting to changing our baseline or default。 Okay， you think you want money。

 you think you want success。 You think you want women。

 Whatever it is you're in for that just an illusion。

 that's just gonna keep you chasing fucking phantoms。 What you really want is this。 You know。

 if you go back to， you know， me and my journey。 I'm like， I want the women。

 why because I thought that if a girl liked me， I could finally like myself and I'd finally feel 10 out of 10。

 or if I had X amount of women， you know， if all these women love me。

 I can finally love myself and be complete。Why do you want to make money to be cool， to be rich。

 to buy cool things？To have a sense of security， you know， so I have this reserve。

 So if ship hits the fan。 I don't die。 I'll survive， you know。

 to be able to relax and feel at ease to achieve 10 out of 10。 Why do you want to develop yourself。

 Why do you want to improve yourself。 Why do you want to reach your full potential to be happy to reach 10 out of 10。

 If you follow the trail of why。 Okay， whatever you're trying to achieve right now。

 just ask yourself why， why， why， why， why it always leads to affecting and improving your baseline。

 Okay， every single action that we perform is in hopes of achieving this and this isn't just you and me。

 this is everyone。 Okay， we're in need of this， this is what we're all craving today， and again。

 we're not going to stop until we achieve this。 You know， we're willing to if you take a look around。

 just turn on the news， We're willing to destroy the world trying to get here。😊，Okay。

 and nothing's fucking working。 And this is why I created this program。

 This is why I created transformation mastery。 It's what it's about。

 It's about breaking out of this endless futile rat race， that is going nowhere。

 we're just looking in the wrong directions， chasing phantoms， ruining the earth， ruining ourselves。

 ruining our relationship with other people， just ruining， fucking everything。 snapping out of that。

 snapping out of coping going beyond the temporary superficial methods and results and producing real lasting transformation。

 Okay that's what this products about。 this is what we're going to be focusing on here。

 It's about transforming the quality that experience of yourself， which will then affect everything。

 Okay there's that old expression wherever you go there you are。

 that applies to you going on vacation。 You're like， well man， if I just going on vacation。

 I'll feel awesome。 then you're just stuck with yourself。But if you go deeper。

That baseline follows you everywhere。 And that baseline。Affects everything。 If you change it。

 you will see you will immediately step into an entirely new experience of living。

 an entirely new experience of the world。And， you， you'll just see you。

 you won't even be able to imagine what will start happening once you start coming from abundance。

 once you're able to breathe， once you're able to start thriving。You know。

 once you get out of coping， once you can。Finally， live。it's crazy。 You get to the cause。

 You change this。 And in an instant。You step into an entirely new world instead of walking through the world with this。

 the brakes on， if you will， where it's heavy or're just kind of dragging yourself through it。啊。

Suddenly it'll be fun。 I'll。 you know， you， you'll appreciate life。 You'll enjoy life。

 You won't be dreading it。 You know， I remember， me back in the day。 I dread life。 It's crazy。

 You know， I'd look forward to falling asleep at night。 I'd look forward to being with my dreams。

 like I'm gonna dream I can finally escape life and fall asleep with my dreams。

 and I dread waking up the next day。 know， as soon as I woke up。 I'm like man， fuck， I'm awake。

 gotta make it through the day。 make it through the day。 Like what the fuck is that。

 I'm gonna make it through the day。 let's just try to go on autopilot here。

 let's go let's go to work。 Let's kind of just zone out and hopefully time will fly by。

 and then I finish work， I go home let's eat some shitty food。 Like look at the sensory pleasure。

 Let's watch some like torrented movie or something some torrnage show。 Like just watch it E reality。

😊，Am I tired yet no， another show， oh finally escape。Fall asleep， and it was on a repeat。You know。

 fuck that。 If you're trying to escape life， fuck that。 If you dread like， fuck that。

 let's start appreciateciating life， Let's start looking forward to life， Let's start living。 Okay。

 and that's what this will do。 This program will open an entirely new way of living for you。

 or you're no longer coping or escaping。 And you no longer have to spike that baseline either。 Okay。

 and that's something that's pretty interesting too。 You know， you may get。😊。

Let's just say something new。 You know， you buy a new cell phone， like the example。

 you buy a new phone。And you feel a little bit better。 like， w， I fuck new phone and all excited。

But it's only temporary。 and then it starts dying down。 You're like， oh man。

 I got it into something else to spike my baseline。

 So there's always this effort and this stress of like keeping it up there and not falling back to。

 you know， that  three out of 10。Instead， you're 10 to 1。 there's nothing you need to do to spike it。

 All that effort， that stress is gone， and you'll be able to create that upward spiral instead of。

Going down。 Okay， youll also start finally being in control of your life， being empowered。

Until you fix this baseline， everything you do is in reaction to it。You know。

 you're not really living authentically。 You're not living a life of your own design。 Okay。

 you're living a life in reaction to the shitty baseline。

 And this is why people really don't know themselves。 You know， especially nowadays。

 there's so many options。 And there's this angst that's amplified where people don't know what the right thing to do is。

 is this everything's changing so fast。 They're confused。 They're afraid。

 And this because you're not connected with yourself。Everything you're always in a reaction。

 You ever have time to。Okay， connect with myself and then come of a place of authenticity。 You know。

 if you don't know what your purpose is， this because you're grasping。So I keep it fun in light。

 It's because you're grasping for things as an escape。 You're grasping in a reaction this baseline。

 It's not， let's see what I'm naturally inspired to do。 It's not out of inspiration。

 It's out of desperation。 You'll finally rediscover who you are。

 You'll finally be free to do what you authentically want to do。

 And to find out what you actually want。 There's another reason you're not fulfilled。

 You don't know what you want。 You'll finally gain true core confidence。 Okay。

 it doesn't depend on anything。 and understand this too。

 it's impossible to be confident to feel you know， at ease and just ready to attack the world。

 if you're not 10 out of 10。 You know， you're always trying to compensate。

 You never feel like you're enough changing that baseline will get to that。 Okay。

 you'll feel complete。😊，You'll finally be able to love yourself， instead of。riend to escape yourself。

 and you'll no longer be addicted to approval and validation。 You know， And that's a big one。

 You know， it's like we're controlled by our addiction to this approval validation。Anything to。

Fix this to fill that void。 You know， I'm sure， you know， people like this， maybe yourself。

 they have this， they're like this black hole。 There's this void inside of them。

 They're trying to take， trying to take， trying to take to cope。With that experience。

 they have of themselves。Fix that。Your addictions gone。 and you'll finally feel deserving。Huge。

 a lot of barriers to success is you just don't feel like you deserve it。 and you self sabotage。

 You can test yourself here。 How do you react or how do you feel if someone compliments you。You。

 someone's like， hey， I like your shirt。Can you endure that compliment or you're like， oh。

 this shirt or whatever。And you just like， tryry to like brush it off。

 like just don' don't compliment me。 I don't deserve a compliment or can you actually endure it。

 If you can't endure a compliment， you can't endure happiness。 You can't endure success。

 There's probably a lot of fear。So you're gonna sabotage a lot of opportunities， and。

Here's how you fix it。Okay， and of course， this will affect all areas of life， health， wealth。

 relationship， everything。 Okay， and it will just keep getting better and better。

 As I mentioned before， you will not believe the things that will start happening。

 and it just gets better。 You will come out of this differently than you entered。

 This program is completely unique。 There's nothing really that compares with it， so。Brace yourself。

 I hope you're ready。 I hope you're excited。Let's do this。

