# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：02.觉知：04.旅程(The Journey)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， what this all means in terms of the journey is that this isn't a journey of adding。

 but a journey of removing。 Okay， Re is what leads to true， Perman transformation。

 Since we must start with abundance， as we previously saw discussed。

 If we don't start with abundance， it isn't abundance。

 The journey here is removing the false assumption of scarcity that we've bought into and that we've been reinforcing for so long。

As well as everything that comes from that。Okay， that's the journey。

 It's about letting go of this entire paradigm of scarcity。

 everything that's built on it and everything that's reinforcing it。 It's letting go of your ego。

 your personality， your needs， your attachments， your desires， your thoughts， your beliefs。

 your likes and dislikes， your emotions， your baggage， your conditioning everything。 Okay。

 letting go of everything that's dual。 And you can also see here how the more we chase in this world of duality。

 the more we chase， assuming scarcity。 It's just taking us further and further away from abundance。

 We're going further and further in the wrong direction， because it's reinforcing this。

 and it's just more things that we now have to remove。 and this is the journey。

 its you remove everything。😊，Until all you're left with is your natural state of being。 Okay。

 letting go must lead to your true nature。 It must lead to abundance。

 The journey here is a procedure of undoing。 Re everything that is clouding this。 Okay。

 and I like to reinforce the fact that you need to let go of your thoughts any emotions here。 too。

 with your thoughts， as we've discussed you can't seek the state with the mind。

 as the mind is part of this world of duality where nothing is permanent what you're looking for here comes before the mind。

 This isn't a mental journey。 Okay， you get there by letting go of anything that's mental。

 And I want to reinforce here， too。 This is not a journey of accumulating more information or knowledge。

 Okay， I see it all the time。 If I talk about this。At a seminar， questions， Julian， hey。

 how can I find more information， more knowledge about this。

 how can I get more mental information thinking that once you mentally accumulate enough information。

 enough knowledge you get there， thinking that it's a mental journey。It's not okay。

 all that more mental knowledge or information will do will just complicate this。

 And as I said before， it's just more things you need to let go of。

OkayYou'll just have a lot of data that's reinforcing this paradigm built on scarcity。

 It takes you further and further away。 You don't want to accumulate more information。

 and this is the way that we're conditioned。 This is our education。 It's like gather information。

 gather information。 Learn more。 memorize more。 You are only as good is how much you know。

 the only thing that information or knowledge can really do for you is point you in the right direction。

 this is why I told you in the beginning of this program。 This isn't about memorizing everything。

 you don't get there through memorizing。 It's about letting this information point you in the direction of this state。

Okay you don't get here by learning。You get here by letting go of that and realizing detach from your thoughts。

 Okay， they're bound to this world of duality， detached from your mind completely。

 abundanceance comes before the mind and before your emotions。 Okay， the goal here is a state。

 not an emotion as emotions come and go。 And what this means is that the goal here isn't to feel good or be happy。

 Okay， you must let go of that as well。 And this can be hard to grasp because it's easy to think let go of negative emotions。

 but you also need to let go of the positive emotions。 Okay， both are part of this world of duality。

 you need to let go of all emotions to realize this state。

 and this is why if you hear me say happiness with a capital age。 I'm referring to the state。

 not the emotion of feeling happy。 Okay， any positive emotion。 Like let's just say。😊。

It's simply the short lived pleasure side of the continuously alternating pain pleasure cycle。

 any emotion has its opposite。 And as we discussed before， it's a cycle。Okay， so it's not permanent。

 it's not this state。It's fluctuating constantly。 And basically。

 what we call feeling happy is simply that escape from not feeling happy。 You know。

 pleasurelea is simply that escape from pain。 So the journey here is letting go of all of that。

 letting go of anything that's dual， and it's extremely simple。 Its let go of everything。

 but it's also extremely hard to do because this。😊，It's all we know。

 And it's something that we've been reinforcing and investing in our entire lives。 Okay。

 and it's also not the type of journey that we're used to。 You know。

 we're used to seeking something out。 We're used to accumulating。

 We're used to optimizing this paradigm。 Okay， We're used to optimizing this scarcity paradigm。

 The journey here requires us to drop this paradigm， not optimize it， but drop it。

 It's the complete opposite。 It's about letting go。 Okay， it's like you're hanging on a cliff。

And we're just so used to hanging on the cliff or optimizing the way we hang on this cliff。

 And here what I'm telling you is， let， go。 And we've been hanging on this cliff our entire lives。

 And we think we we fall。You know， were gonna to fall into scarcity and just die。 I'm like， no， no。

 no， let go。 You'll be fine。 Instead of falling， you'll， you'll float up。

 you'll drift up to your dreams。 You know， let go。 It's totally fine。 You're like， no， no， no。

 I'm not。 I'm not gonna let go。 And I've also spent too much time hanging on too much energy。

 I'm too invested。That's the journey。 It's simple。 Let go， but it's not something that we're used to。

 Okay， and you will notice that you will experience a lot of resistance to this。

 which we will discuss。 But this is the journey。 And this is also what reconciles self improvements with self acceptance。

 You know， the big dilemma in the personal development realm。 Basically。

What you're doing here is you're removing what you're not while knowing that under it all。

 you're already there。Okay， so it's not like you're down here。Adding， adding， adding， okay。

 self improvement。 Like， how can I accept myself if I'm always trying to be better。

 It's you're up here。 And there's all this shit。And you're just removing it。So， yeah， you're still。

Taking action， you're still going through these different experiences all the while， however。

 knowing that you're already there。 Okay， you experience the journey differently。

T thinking you're down here and you need to get somewhere。 Okay， it's not the thing。

 but the place it's coming from。 So keep this in mind。 It's about dropping all of this。

 letting go of it。 It's a journey of removing and realizing， not adding， accumulating。

 gathering and achieving。