# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：（英文字幕 不推荐看））：06.指导发行：23.早晨指导发布【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Make sure you're in an environments where there are no external distractions where no one can interrupt you。

 Make sure your notifications are off on your phone， on your computer。

 and then sit down in a chair with your back straight in order to stay alert to stay present。

 Place both hands on your lap。 palm's facing down。 and then close your eyes。 and let's begin。

 So the first step is be aware of what you want to let go of。

 And we're going to start by getting you out of your head and getting you into your body。

 So I want you to visualize that chatter box between your ears。

 that little voice that's always yaapping about probably wondering about the day ahead。

 excited about the day ahead， worrying about the day ahead， dreading the day ahead。

 And I want you to visualize that little voice changing locations and slowly moving all the way down to the base of your spine。

 This is also known as your rude chakra or your basic chakra。

 And this is the place that establishes a deep connection。😊，With your physical body。

So slowly bring your awareness down there。The little voice， moving down。

Things getting quieter and quieter。 and then just settling at the base of your spine。

You are now thinking from there。Breathing from there。You're operating from there。

Connected to your body。 And let's go ahead and lock in that position by doing three cycles of chronicnic breathing。

Where I want you to inhale through your nose for the count of 6。

Hold for the count of  three and then exhale for the count of 6， making a shh sound。

 and then holding it for three again。We're going to do this from the base of your spine。

 Inhale for the count of 6， starting now，1。2。3。4。5。6， sold for three。3 X， for 6 sh。2。3。4。5，6， over3。

3， breathe only again。Let things settle all in。And let's get ready for the second cycle。

 Inhale for the count of 6 from the base of your spine。 starting now 1。2。3，4。5，6， over3。3 eggs。

 silver6。2。3。4，5，6。 hold for three again。3， for reason， normally。

We're going to do one more cycle here。 Inhale for the count of 6 right now， one。2。3。4。5，6。

 hold for 3。3， x out for 6 sh。2。3。4。5，6， sold 3。3， breathe normally。

Things are a little required quieter now。You're out of your head。You're in your body。

And I want you to start bringing awareness， too。The different sensations going on。

If there's anything that stirred up， any tension， any tightness， any discomfort， any upsets。

You might find yourself still carrying something over from the night before。

Maybe from a dream you had while you were sleeping。

 maybe from a nightmare you had while you were sleeping。 Just notice the associated sensations。

Notice the sensations that come up when you think about the day ahead。

If there's something you're really looking forward to or some you're really looking forward to see。

Something you need to happen， someone you need to see。Or something that you're dreading。

Something that you really need not to happen。Or someone that you're dreading to see。

And you really need to avoid that person。If there's something that's out of your control。

Or even something that's in your control that you're just wondering about。Concerned about。

Your whole focus is on that。 one thing。Whatever that may be， just。

Tune into the sensations that come up。Think about the day ahead。The people you have to see。

 the places you have to go。The things you have to do。

The work you have to do and let whatever comes up come up。Now。

 we're going to move to the second step here， which is allow yourself to experience these sensations fully。

 And what Im want you to do now is simply stay with them。Sink into them， and let them take over。

Don't try to fix them。 Don't try to change them。Don't try to make sense of them or try to understand them。

There is nothing to fix， nothing to change and nothing to understand here。

All you have to do is surrender to them。Just give those sensations。

 the message that you're completely with them， unconditionally。That you're open to receiving them。

 And let's take a few moments here to just be with them。

Home of the sensations associated to the day ahead。Whatever they may be。

Just stay with them for a few moments here。 Keep breathing into them from the base of your spine and let them take over。

Thinkk into them even more。不理 than知道。Be with them fully。

So let's move into the third and final step and let all of these sensations come up。And let them out。

Youre going to invite them to come up。 Remember， they want to leave。

 They want to run their course and reach their natural end and disappear。

 We just have to stop hanging on to them by resisting them。So whatever those sensations are。

 let's stop resisting them。 Let's welcome them and let's allow them to run their course and disappear。

 And what we're going to do here is three more cycles of chronic breathing。

 breathing into these sensations。 And this time， with each inhale， I wanting to visualize them。

 coming up。Taking over。 and with each exhale， making that shh sound， I wanting to visualize them。

 passing through you and letting them out。 So let's tune into them now。Whatever those sensations are。

 And let's bring them up for the count of 6。 inhale now 1。2。3。4。5，6。 Hol for three。3。Exel for6。2。3。4。

5，6。 hold for 3。3， for only again。Now， there's probably somewhere down there， let's。Tune into it。

Let's bring it up and let it out， inhale for the count of6，1。2。3。4，5，6， all for 3。3。Exel for six。2。3。

4。5，6， Who for three again。ree。Bre normally。Then let's tune into it again for one last cycle。

 Whatever's down there。 Tu into it， and let's bring it up for the countss，1。2，3，4，5，6， hold for3，2。3。

 and let it all out，1。2，3。4，5，6。 Hol for 3，2，3。Breathing only again。

I notice things mean a little lighter。六啲四。Feeling of relief like a weight's been lifted。

And instead of worrying about the day ahead， dreading the day ahead。Being excited。

 being attached to day head，Different things happening or not happening。Not its just。

A more lighter feeling。 And just be an estate where you're welcoming the day ahead。

And let's just take a few more moments here。And let yourself experience this relief。

Experience this welcoming state of nonre。Now， let's do one more cycle of chronic breathing。

 breathing from the base of your spine。 inhale for the count of sake。 starting now， one。2。3。4，5，6。

 silver 3。3。Xl for 6 sh。3。4。5。6， hold for three again。3。Prenormly。

We're going slowly get ready to come back now。 ready to have a great day。

Slowly start moving your body a little。 Bring some awareness back to your。Surroundings。

And get ready to open your eyes。Now。