# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：03.证明：3. 第二步——允许自己充分地体验它( Step 2 - Allow Yourself To Experience It Fully)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The second step is allow yourself to experience it fully。

 because what you will realize is that as soon as you start becoming aware of those different sensations in your body。

 as soon as you start feeling again， The first reflex you will have is to immediately try to do something about it。

 the different sensations。 Let's do something to let go of them。

 let's do something to get rid of them， let's do something to change them。 Don't。Okay。

 there is nothing you need to do。 There's nothing you need to change。

 There's nothing you need to fix。 There's nothing you need to understand。

 There's nothing you need to grasp。 There's nothing you need to make sense of。

 All you have to do is experience it fully。Okay， and this is big。

 letting go does not mean fixing something。 It does not mean changing something。

 It does not mean getting rid of something。 It does not mean making sense of something。

 letting go is accepting something and experiencing it fully， because if you， you know。

 feel that sensation。 You're like， I must let go of that。 And you try to get rid of it。

 or you try to change it。 What's the implication that it's something bad。 You label it is bad。

 You label it is something that's。Needs to get out of there。 Let's， let's get rid of it。

But by labeling it is bad， you're now resisting it。 You're now hanging onto it。

You can't let go of it that way， The only way to let go of it is to accept it， welcome it。

 experience it fully。Don't get rid， embrace and accept。

 and don't try to mentally make sense of it first。 There's nothing you need to mentally understand。

 because that's an obstacle to letting go as well。 It's like， whoa， the sensations。

 What do they mean Once I grasp their meaning。Their mental message。I can finally let go of them。No。

 there's nothing you need to mentally grasp and also。

There's nothing you need to understand first in order to validate a certain feeling。Okay。

 an experience that you have。 those sensations are simply valid because you're having them。

 because you're feeling them。 Okay， not because of what they mentally mean。

 And this is also why it's important to really disconnect your mind if you're thinking immediately。

 you're trying to make sense of you're like， what does this mean before I accept it as a feeling。 No。

 They're just there。 embrace them， Don't hang on to them， don't fear them。

 don't feel guilty about them， stop trying to suppress them， if they come up to be like， oh my God。

 that's even worse。 try to suppress them you let go by accepting it by being with it fully and unconditionally。

 Okay， you welcome it without having any kind of agenda， without trying to control， avoid sedate。

 truly experience it。 Oberve it， feel it without even needing it to change。And that's how you let go。

 And what you will notice is that it will start changing on its own。

 Open yourself fully to what you're feeling， sink into it， settle into it。

 give those sensations the message that you are there for them fully。

 that you are there experiencing them fully。That you care about what's going on inside。

 that you're ready to listen to what's going on inside。You're no longer abandoning them。

 abandoning yourself。 you are there for them。 And this is when you really just drop into them。

Breathing into them helps as well， which is another reason I love that chronic breathing technique。

 be with them fully。 And again， they'll start transforming on their own。

 There's nothing you need to do。 Be with them and let them run their course versus stopping them from running their course by hanging onto them。

Okay， another lie， we tell ourselves is that we have to always do something to change the way we feel。

 No， you know， and that's also reinforced in the traditional self help world。 It's like， oh。

 if you feel bad， do this， If you feel this， do this to change it。Without like， hey， guess what。

 experience it， it'll change。 They won't last forever。 They come and go。

 if you like over your resistance to feeling nothing is permanent。 Okay， Sens change， they mature。

 They run their course。 They change their direction， their aim， their intensity， their nature。

 You just have to allow them to do so。 give them the the space to do so。

 give them the attention to do so。That's the second step here and don't expect them to change in a certain way because it's easy to be like。

 okay， I， I' experience them fully， change， get better， get better。 They may get quote unquote。

 worse。Don't have any kind of agenda， just be open to it and just let them run their course。

 whatever that course may be。