# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：07.转变内场系列：04.如果你有社交焦虑【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

因为呢。Yeah。Or something I。So that's。Did you ever have any problems that？Well， let's let's pause。

 come on up。So again， I'm not gonna give you the experience you want here。 You know。

 the one that pleases and reinforces your ego， that little front。

 I'm gonna give you the experience you need。 you know， so for her， if she's like， you know。

 what I have a lot of social anxiety have anxiety in front of people when I talk in front of people。

 Of course， come on up。 You know， I mean， what better reference to get similar to if someone's in their head。

😊，Come on up or call them out you know this is the experience that they need。

 it's the perfect situation to。Syk into that and it's also the perfect situation to trigger it。

Did I have any trouble with that， hellll no， I came up on here and I was a fucking natural。😡。

Rocked it the first time。So first of all， welcome up and， you know。Turn to the crowd。 And like。

 the first thing I'd say is just take it in。 Like everyone' staring at you。

And let's tap into that same authenticity。 What's the what's the inner dialogue。

 So I make it really take it in。 you know， it's like I want those sensations at the fucking surface。

 You know， I don't want a little bit of， I'm a little scared。 It's look at the fucking crowd。

 You're here in front， take it in， let those sensations arise。

 and let's start by destroying this front。 You know， start narrating what's going on。Right now。

 I'm really nervous。 Okay， try to ask yourself why， what emotions。

 What sensations pop up you're looking。 It's like， not only is it a huge crowd。 It's like。

 there's also a lot of guys， mainly。 So it's like holy shit。 I mean， by the way， there's。

Who hears scared shis of public speaking or speaking front of crowds or even in school growing up？

Bullshit。 It's all of you。 Everyone's fucking scared shillless of that。

 So let's kind of figure out like internally what's going on。

 what's kind of like brought up emotionally。 What are the fears。 And then we'll kind of work on it。

 But for now， just kind of narrate it。 So you're looking around， like， narrate the thoughts。

 narrate the sensations。It's not really， I don't know。

 I don't really care of people looking at me right now。 It's just， I'm really stressed out。

 And I'm not really sure why， are you stressed。 Yeah， you know， I。

 what are you afraid of people seeing， What are you afraid you'll do。

 What are you afraid you won't do。Actually， I'm afraid I will come off as breathing nervous。

 That's something I would。 Yeah， that's something I would rather sorry， not do。 I'm stutter a lot。

What would be so bad if you came off as nervous？I don't know。 it shows weakness， I think。Yeah。

 a bit scary。 So again， what we're doing here is we're diving into the fear。 You know。

 whatever it is you fear， follow the trail of wise。 know， it's like， oh my God， I'm anxious。

 I'm anxious。 I'm scared。 why。😰，You know， let it， let it come up and let's just sink into it。 Why。

 you know， it's like， well， I'm afraid of， you know， just being very nervous。 Okay。

 what's so bad if you're nervous right now in front of the crowd。 Okay。

 just going deeper and deeper and deeper。 Now， I'll just pause you。 really， really good。

 Not same thing。 nervousousness。 It's like。You know，Whatever it kicks in， we all experience。

 we're all nervous at times， yet what happens nervous equals bad， nervous equals weakness。

 if people see weakness， what does that say about me， never okay to feel nervous。Now。It's true。

 always was trying to hide like feeling nervous。 Yet it's funny。

 It's like kind of linking it with you。 It's like， if there was actually like authentic。 like， oh。

 yeah， I'm fucking nervous， we'd love that way more than someone's like trying to be cool。 Yeah。

 we all try to be cool。 And everyone's telling you hide that。 No， no anyone see。

 if they see the nervousness。 What will they think of me， You know， what else。😊。

Or even after saying this nar， keep narrating。question now is usually。

 I'm really good speaking English， but now not because it's not my first language。

 And it's it's horrible。 They're stutter。 The English is bad。Exactly。I'm on my vi blank right now。

 I'm not sure what to say。 What would be the worst case scenario of you coming up here on Sage。

Don't describe just first thing pops in your mind worst case。 This is a great question to ask Okay。

 what would be the worst case scenario。 It really makes you bring your awareness to sinking deeper and deeper。

 You know what's the worst case scenario and don't give me the logical answer。

 give me really what pops up like sink into that there and as little I note here too and I'm making fun of you know。

 yeah， they're stuttering you know your English blah， blah。

 blah I'm making fun of it to kill that front once again that's trying to be cool Okay I'm robbing her of her coping mechanism shaking。

What else like picture it， like the worst case scenario。

 say you came up here and everything you feared came true， what happened？Actually， well， no。

 that's logically。 like here it's like about being honest like， similar to， say me。

 learning success with women。 It's like， logically， if you're like， you know。

 why are you so scared to go talk to her in my mind I'm like， well， there's no reason。

 But if I was actually honest， I'm like， if I say hi to her。

 everyone will notice and the fucking dudes are gonna come beatit me up and they're gonna break a bottle on the bar and just stab me to death。

 that's how I feel。 You know， So it's like worst case scenario， like paint it。

 no matter how unrealistic it is， Okay，I wouldn't know what to say。

 I wouldn't remember what I wanted to say。And then I'm just like， I don't know。Good， good。Keep going。

 What's going on。Shaking， what's so bad about here it's really good。

 Like you're bringing a lot of authenticity out， which is。 It's like， oh。

 people are gonna laugh at me。 We all have that。 Now， let's kind of sink into it。 It's like， well。

 what's so bad if they do。 What's so bad about even right now， you running out of things to say。😊。

What is that trigger。This is where the whole self acceptance like if I run out things to say。

 I need to depend on running out things to say or similar it's like， oh， I must keep this image。

Intact where people will see through me and laugh。 Wells usually in school。

 not remembering what to say， getting back bad grades or criticism or in groups。

 social groups gatherings。Just people not liking me， I think。嗯。So as you can see here。

 there's a lot more intense sensations that are surfacing。 You know。

 she's getting a lot more emotional。 And that's because we're going deeper and deeper into the fear。

 You know， we're blasting through layers of resistance instead of just saying on the surface。

 like social anxiety？ Okay， well， let's release that。 go deeper。 Why， why， why， why， why？ You know。

 I'm directing her right into what she fears， What happens if you're anxious。

 I don't want people to see me nervous。 Why。People not liking me， you know， boom。

We're going right deeper， and we're hitting on something really authentic here。Yeah， I think， yeah。

 I think that's it。It's difficult。 I don't really know。 Let's sad it's all that's。

Come to my now Okay， what happens if people don't like you？How did you feel？Reject it。Alello。嗯。

Just yeah。Not， not in a place I want to be Did ever happen in school。

 You did round out things to say or people did laugh。It's difficult， I don't know。No。

 because they don't usually speak a lot in groups so they don't talk in presentations。Yeah。

 oral exams were I didn't know what to say anymore， and I had a be grade or。Just shaking voice。

Never people laughing or never in a bad way。嗯。Okay。And as you can see here， too。

 if you go through the fear， there's hurt。Fear， anxiety is covering up hurt。 Well， first of all。

 here's what Ill say is like in terms of just。How you guys feel off of this。

 you can sense like the heardness。You know， it's like， you think at first， it's like fear in reality。

 it's like， you don't want to feel like that it's like you're fearing that hurt。 You're feeling like。

 okay， what if people do this， And this is， again， it's like paradigm 1 is optimize it。

 So it's like most people if I tell you， if you're hurt here， practice these confidence skills。

 I'll give you this public speaking skill。 I'll even give you a lot of opportunities to speak。

 So you'll get more used to it。And that will be true。 That will help to some extent。

 but it will never actually get to that cause where there's that fear being hurt。

 You'll just have more tools to keep running away and avoiding。Being fully authentic。

 vulnerable and being， you know， potentially being hurt。 And， and this is not just you。 This is like。

Everyone。This is literally everyone。 You want to link to。 the same thing。 It's like if they see pass。

 if they see pass， if they see past， why do we all fear rejection。You know。

 we don't want to be alone。 We don't want to be abandoned。 We don't want to be hurts。You know。

 or even feel like we're bad。 It's another one。 But then it's kind of examining。

 It's like diving into that。 As we said。 So it's like， well， what's so bad about that。

What is so bad about people laughing， people judging you。

 You've been fully real putting yourself out there and people just。Nan。Accepting it。Okay。

 and then it's zoning into the sensations。 So now we're finally aware of what it is we want to let go of。

By using the crowd。We made all those sensations surface。

 And then what I did is I just kept guiding her， following that trail of wise。

 going deeper and sinking into it more and more and more。 And now that it's there。

 we're going to release it going through the process and。I guess we'll do this here with you。

 and we'll just do it all together。 Have a seat。 This is， this is first of all。 Yeah， really。

 congrats。👏Which。Which， by the way， like，Well you just did here？I mean。You guys fucking all know。

 It's like， it requires so much fucking balls。 like it's insane and。Yeah， I mean， for， for you。

 which was interesting is like， you really didn't put on that front。

 It was like immediately boom there。 And this is great， too。 I mean。

 just getting this reference of nothing bad happening and this huge crowd just cheering you on。

 I mean， yeah， awesome。 It doesn't get to the cause。 But what better reference would you want。

 You know， and it's so scary too It's like， oh， I don't want to go in front。

 And the fact you came in front of everyone。 It's like。😊，This is what's up。 Like。

 I can guarantee you everyone fucking connected。 It wasn't like， oh， you know， it's。

 it'd be way better than trying to be cool or anything like that。 No。

 it's like that's your like holy shit。 And that's what stands out。And again， it's like。

That's what everyone's fucking craving。 It's like， bring that out with other people and bring that out with yourself because the person we bullshit the most is ourselves。

😡，You know， you can bullit the whole crowd here。 It's like we just bull ourselves with the fact you brought that out really。

 really good。 And now it's like doing the opposite that let's dive into it。

 And that's where it gets tough。 And for me personally， like in front of a crowd。

 same thing as you like my biggest fear growing up in school was reading a book。

 I think I might be a little bit dyslexic。 But I sucked at reading out loud。 so bad。

 And was in that's where I' originally， Switzerland。 theyd make you read the book。 you know。

 out loud in front of everyone and every saw while they'd switch like you take over。

 you take over at random。 And it felt like Russian Roulette。 I was like， my God， God my God。

 And it took forever。 And like you knew it was your turn。 And then it was like it was so bad。

 There was so much fear。 my first seminar was the same thing。 Like。😊，I I mean。

 you did better than me at my first fucking seminar by far。 Okay， same for you。

 like those glimpses of authenticity And you through like still glimpses a little couple was better than anything I did。

 Like my first seminar。 I went on stage was like supposed to be 10 minutes。

 This is like years ago in Los Angeles with Owen。's like hey， come up on stage 10 minutes。 man。

10 minutes。 just prepare something。 So I'm like， oh fuck。

 my first assumption like it's school all over again。 but I got to do this willpower。 So I'm like。

 well， I'll find comfort in knowing exactly what I'm gonna say。 That's brought up。

 like now what like that's when authenticity kicks in。

'm like I working exactly I'm gonna say have it all prepared。 And I'm there and it's a huge crowd。

 It was like 200 people。 I think I was like， fuck scared， shitless in the back。 My buddy's like。

 you ready， bro， you ready， Owen walks in he's like， hey。

 man So it's actually gonna be 30 minutes instead of 10。 Go on。😊，My whole plan gone。

 and he brings me up on stage。 And he like， really， really like talks me up。 like， you know， one。

 it's an extra challenge of trying to shove me in my head， but also like adding extra pressure。

 So he like talks five minutes， like really loud。 So it's like。😊，Like kind of like here。

 like you guys are not talking。 Imagine like for five minutes， if I just keep talking really loud。

 you're gonna kind of fall more into spectator than actually being here present。 If I'm like。

 so like why be like， kind of your head。 I'm like， your turn。it's like that。 And he's like。

 what Julian's gonna say is the best content you've ever heard in your life。 So I'm like， oh my God。

 everyone's expecting the best shit。 Take it away。 And I'm like， like it was， it was so bad and。😊。

And I remember it was like， there was massive nervousness。 It required a lot of efforts。

 and there was so much selfjudment， too， which is key is like I， I had my whole thing prepared。

 And I remember I missed a point and the entire rest of the seminar instead of just being here with it。

 I was in my head being like， you fucking idiot。 It's fucked now， you missed that point。 God。

 it was horrible。And was no， it was me like against the crowd。

 me trying to win the crowd over with like force。Instead instead of being me like， hey，'re all here。

 It's like， it's so funny we assume like everyone's here like working on themselves。 like。

 this is the most positive， friendly environment any of us could be in。😊，You know， it's pretty'。

 I mean， yeah， fuck yeah。👏It is。Yet our mind still always assumes， oh my God， oh my God， Oh my God。

 you know， So I was like that。 And then， you know， a lot of references like I've mastered the going against。

 And， I mean， I don't know if you guys know it's like。😊。

If you guys write a previous one like a year or two ago， two years ago， three years ago。

 maybe very different vibe than now， you know， it's still powerful。

 It's like it's the different place， you know， And I can still go on like， really fucking loud。

Still bring it。 But it's no longer forced me against you。

 And when this happened for me as a little sign note， when this became permanent。

 it was only when I released all of that stuff that was fueling that anxiety。 You know。

 that self judgmentment that me versus the crowd get to the cause。And let it go。 Okay。

 But this is a great example of。You know， using different environments to trigger you， if you will。

 and then just keep going deeper and deeper and deeper。 and then with her here， of course it's。啊。

Letting go of them going through the process and。Yeah， letting go over that charge， fueling。

 that anxiety， that's how you make it fucking permanent。

