# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：09.月度计划：2月：1.内疚与自我憎恨.mp4【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Welcome to month 2 of the transformationform series， guiltt and selfsbotage。

 And the first thing I want to start off by saying here is that when talking about guilt。

 what I'm referring to is the state not the emotion。 Okay， the emotion of guilt。

 feeling guilty is good and necessary。 It's what sends you data that lets you know that， hey。

 you fucked up。You know， you've done something that is out of alignment。

 you've done something that is out of integrity， you've done something that you don't want to repeat again。

 the emotion of guilt signals you， hey he hey， no， no， no， and without it， you wouldn't know。

 you wouldn't know that you fucked up okay， the emotion of guilt is good， It's valuable。

 fall in love with it。The state of guilt， however， is different。

 and this is where you need to let go of。 And this is what I'm going to be talking about here。 Okay。

 and the big difference is when the emotion of guilt kicks in。

 it sends you that data that you fucked up， you receive the data， you acknowledge it。

 you learn from it， if there's anything you can do。 if there's any action you can take。

 you take that action。 and from there you move on。😡，The emotion of guilt is temporary。

 the state of guilt， however， is ongoing， and that's where you receive the data。

 and instead of acknowledging it， doing what you can and moving on， you hang on to it。

And you become a prisoner of guilt， you keep obsessing over what you did， didn't do。

 should have done， shouldn't have done the selfat kicks in， the self abuse kicks in。

 and that runs you。You know， and you just stay in the state of just dwelling on it。

 thinking about it， regretting it and just feeling guilty 24，7。 Okay。

 and the way that this translates in the outside world is you start self sabotaging。

 Why because you don't think you deserve to succeed。Because you're guilty。That is the state of guilt。

 And the first thing I want you to realize here is that。Feeling guilty on an ongoing basis。

 Being in this state doesn't serve any kind of usefulness。 It doesn't really do anything。

 There is no purpose。 You know， we think that we need to stay in this state of feeling guilty。

 but what does it really do as I just mentioned， it causes you to self sabotage。

And you just say stuck。That's all that it does if you really wanted to， let's just say。

 repent for what you did， you would not sell sabotage。And you would go out and have， let's just say。

 a more beneficial impact， you know， a more positive impact on the world。

 Do you move forward and do great things。But instead， you just stay there in this state wallowing。

 feeling sad and sorry for yourself， just stuck in self pity。 It doesn't do anything。😔。

That's just you remaining stuck。Okay， let that sink in。 The reason， though。

 it's so easy to get hooked on it is that it makes us feel good。 Okay。

 and this goes back to the way that we're conditioned where we're conditioned to， you know。

 being good all the time。 you must always be good。 you know， be acceptable。 And by us feeling guilty。

 this is our way of punishing ourselves and remaining good。Okay。

 you're getting the justice you deserve。 You're paying for what you did。 If you didn't feel guilty。

 you would be a bad person。 You would not be seeing justice。 That's why we hang on it。

 There's always a certain attachment and a certain resistance to something。 The attachment is。

I'm a good person。 If I feel guilty， I deserve to feel guilty。 I deserve to pay for what I've done。

 And secretly， you love it。 Okay， and you have to be real and honest with yourself here。

 You may think， you know what， I want to let go of guilt。 I'm so excited for month， too。

 I got to let go of guilt。 You fucking love guilt。There is part of you。 O。

 a part deep in your subconscious， most likely， that loves guilt。The needs guilt。Okay。

 that's why you hang onto it， the same with self sabotage， by the way。You know， it's always like。

 why do I keep self sabotaging in a way none of us really self sabotage。 You know。

 there's that part of you that keeps fucking you over。 It's doing it for a reason。

It's not trying to purposely fuck you over。 Consciously， you think it is。 subconsciously。

 it needs to fuck you over for you to be a good person and for you to see justice and pay for what you did。

 That's the attachment。 And the fear is， if I let go of guilt， I'm a bad person。😡，Okay。

 you need to let go of this。 And in terms of how to let go of this。

 the first step is really to kill the momentum behind it。

 because if you're in a state of guilt right now and you hear me say， hey， he hey。

 you gotta let go of this state of guilt。 This is bad。

 It's very easy to feel guilty about feeling guilty and then you feel guilty about feeling guilty about feeling guilty。

 And it just keeps on going。 Okay， so kill the momentum by being okay right now with。Feeling guilty。

It's okay if you're in this state of guilt， acknowledge it。 And then from there。

 make a firm commitment and decision to， you know， be willing to forgive yourself and let go of it。

You have to commit to this。 You have to be willing because it's very addictive。 this state of guilt。

 you know， this self pity， you feeling sorry for yourself， feeling guilty。 You know。

 it doesn't sound good， but it's very addictive。 It's very easy to just get caught into it。

And you have to commit enough is enough。 Okay， And one thing， too。

 that I just want to mention here is that when I say forgive yourself and let go of guilt。

This does not mean that what you did or didn't do is okay and acceptable。

 and you should keep doing it again。Okay， no， if you got the emotion of guilt。

 it's telling you you fucked up。 you should not do that again。 Okay。

 there's a difference between self acceptance and approving of something。 It doesn't make it right。

 It doesn't make it okay， But what it does is it lets you move forward with your life from there。

 You need to identify precisely。😡，What it is that's fueling your guilt。 What do you regret。

 Why do you feel guilty。You know， and you may know right now when I say that， you may have your list。

 or you may think， you know。 you have a list of things， but it's not really that。

 Or you may think right now that you're not guilty。 You might be watching this and being like。

 oh man， I feel sorry for those people are in this state of guilt， however。

 if self sabotage is present in your life， most likely there is guilt。And you need to sit down。

 be honest with yourself here and identify it。 okay stop being blind to it， stop living in denial。

 which is unfortunately what most people do。 And to help you with this。

 I've added a meditative exercise as the transformational infield video If you scroll down month to all the way down to the transformational infield video there's an exercise where it gets a little dark。

 but it really helps you identify what is authentic to you where you're going to lie down and basically picture yourself dying and being dead and then reflecting back on your life from that perspective there where there's no longer any need to get somewhere and run away from something you're dead。

 it's over。What are your regrets from that perspective and then see what comes up and most likely。

 you will be surprised and you'll be like， oh， shit。 I didn't realize that。I still think of this。

 You， I still regret that。 That is still running me。 I still feel guilty about thisBeyond that。

 some other things you can do is mentally going back in time and replaying the situation。

 this can help tremendously。 You know， if there's something you regret， mentally go back in time。

 replay it and replay it in terms of what you would do differently now， Okay。

 with what you know now with your perspective here。

 Neither you saw the outcome of what happened in terms of what you did or didn't do。

What would be different？And replay it。Whatever it is， you know， there was a client， for example， who。

Was talking about how he felt extremely guilty that he lied to his parents about quitting college and he didn't tell him。

 You know， he went to college to please them。 He realized， hey， this is not for me。

 He quit college and he kept lying to them like， hey I'm still in college。 I'm still in college。

 And that just ate him up inside。 Okay， And then eventually he told them， but。Moving forward。

 he realized he kept self sabotaging， and he kept beating himself up for that。 Okay。

 and going back in time and replaying it like， hey， what would you do differently， Tell them。

Helps tremendously， and it helps reinforce threats。You learn from it。You know。

 you don't need to keep punishing yourself。 You realize that what you did is not what you wanted to do and you would have done things differently。

 Be realistic about your past and realize that you did the best you could at the time。 Okay。

 a mistake is something you wish you would have done differently upon reflection and the upon reflection is key。

 Okay， there's the saying that goes along the lines of hindsight's 2020。You know。

 we always know what the right thing to do was upon reflection。

 We don't know that we're making a mistake when we're doing it。

 It's only when we look back at the situation and realize that， hey。

There were different options that we didn't know were there。

 we didn't have access to them at the time after the factory， it's easy to see that。

 but never during and during none of us purposely choose to make a mistake It's not like you're there and're like you know what。

 I'm going to purposely make a mistake that I'm going to regret。We never do that。

 We are all trying to do。Whatever is best at the time。

 And then we get more information later on and we're like， shit， why didn't I do that？

 But you didn't have that information then。And you have to be realistic here。

 It's very easy to be like， fuck， why did I do that， Why did I do that， You did the best you could。

 You would have not have done anything differently if you go back right now to whatever mistake is running you。

 whatever you regret， whatever you feel guilty about and。

If you went back to that same you with that same perspective， the same information。

 the same headspace， you would have done the exact same fucking thing。 Don't kill yourself。

 I would have done things differently， why。😡，You didn't know what you know now， Okay。

 and you have to accept that and accept too that。I mean， mistakes， misunderstandings。

 all that's going happen in life， whether you like it or not， and you must recognize the value in it。

 It's by making mistakes that you learn。It's impossible to live a life without mistakes。

 you can't grow， you can't expand without mistakes。It's by knowing， oh， shit。

 this is what I don't want to be doing。 This is what's out of integrity that you know what is。

In integrity。Okay， you must fall in love with mistakes and。Yeah， I mean， as I mentioned before。

 no amount of guilt will change the mistake， you feeling all guilty is not going to help and mistakes will never decrease yourself worth。

You know， we're conditioned to be so attached with how well we do， how good of a person I am。

 how well I do， let go of that Let go of perfectionism as well。 Okay， this is key。

 cut yourself some fucking slack。 You know， we make so many internal rules for ourselves And a lot of guilt is because we don't live up to all of them。

 You know， we're not perfect。 and then you feel guilty。 You know。

 a lot of guilt has nothing to do with reality。 It's just you， having all these rules。

 I must do this。 I must always be like this。 And as soon as you don't。

 you start beating yourself up and then you feel guilty。You feel guilty for not being good enough。

I mean， yeah， this is also， you know， due to the fact that with mainstream and social media today。

 we're conditioned to believe that everyone else is perfect except for us， don't buy into that Okay。

 what you see online is not reality when you go on Instagram right now and you start scrolling through these pictures when you watch videos online。

 that just one side of a person。It's not really who they are in their entirety。

It's just a part of them。 And when you see that。 And usually what people put online is the best。

 the best side of themselves。 you compare what you know is the worst side of yourself with the best side of themselves。

 And you'll never win。 You'll always feel guilty If that's your standard。 You know。

 we set these unrealistic standards。 must be like that。 We buy into it， and then we feel guilty。

 so realize that no one is perfect。 Okay， and that sense there。 I mean， we all are perfect。

 but none of us are perfect where we limit ourselves to become this definition of what we believe perfect is。

 and that's not the goal。 let go of that be you fully， and come back down to reality。 Everyone is。

 you know， fucked up and that's good。 That's normal。 That's natural。 They just don't show it online。

Or even in person。You know， we all of these front must be our best self。Look behind the scenes。

 And the more you see behind the scenes， you can either be disillusioned and sad or upset。

 or this is reality。 They're like me。 Okay， we're all cut from the same fucking cloth and another thing here is forgiving others。

 You know， if you have a lot of trouble forgiving yourself and you feel extremely guilty。

 Most likely you also have a lot of trouble forgiving others。Okay， and by you forgiving others。

 it'll help forgive yourself and seek first to understand before to be understood。

 This is something Steve and Covey is known for and talks about a lot。 You know it's like， hey。

 put yourself in their shoes And what you realize is that whatever someone did to you or didn't do to you they were doing the best they could。

 You know， everyone is just trying to cope。 It has nothing to do really with you。You know。

A lot of arguments are simply because the other person got triggered or you got triggered。

And then you just lash out。 They're not purposely trying to。Being mean to you。

 there' is dealing with shit that's inside of them。You know， and then of course。

 there are different ways of coping some that you know are not necessarily good， but they're coping。

 you know， we all have shit inside of us。 We're all doing the best we can。 And when you see that。

 it doesn't mean that what they did is okay。 doesn't mean you have to approve of it， of course。

 but understanding that and seeing it from their perspective will help you forgive them。You know。

 for me。Even going through that media scandal as an example， it's very easy to believe that。

 you know， I held a lot of grudges。 You know， like。

 what fuck that person who says that or fuck all these people who， you know， dislike me。 But no。

 I saw where they were coming from。 You know， if I put myself in their shoes and I read what was been written about me online from their perspective。

 I would have done the same thing and would hated me too。You know so。

Develop a little bit more empathy for yourself in their shoes。 And that helps tremendously。 You know。

 the same for me is like， how the media works。 Im like， why is this happening， And then I find out。

 oh， this is how it works， Okay， doesn't make it right， doesn't mean I approve it。

 But understanding it helps forgive。 helps let go the scratches。 And you have to do it。 You know。

 you holding a grudge。Doesn't accomplish anything。 You know， realize that peace is better。

 And lastly， what I thought I'd conclude with here is some footage of a talk that I had with a client about guilt and self-sbotage。

 where he would keep self- sabotaging relationships or different interactions He would not jump at different opportunities that were presented to him。

 And as you'll see in this talk， the deeper we go， it all comes back to guilt。 If you were a girl。

 would you be happy to be with you。🎼No， that's fuck for me， too。

 Ca my girlfriend just is happy with me。 And I still don't like。🎼And accept it可 what not。

Why would you not be happy， say you were a girl and you were dating you， why would you not be happy？

Would be missing。What would make you miserable。F verbalize it。It popped in。You're dating you。

🎼I feel lazy。 I feel don。 I don't stick up for myself。 I don't I feel like I don't follow through。

I feel like I won't be seen or heard that my opinion won't matter so much。呃。I think other people。

It's more important for them to。Get the value up。Ox等 meat。ok。What do you like about yourself。

 what is the couple or few things that say someone dating you would get out of it。

 say you're dating you。There's all that downside。 What's the plus side。

 So the first thing I ask him to do here is to bring some awareness to what it is he feels guilty about Okay。

 as I mentioned， it's very easy to live in denial。 It's like， oh， there's nothing I'm guilty about。

 And what I ask him is， hey， why would you not want to date you， What don't you like about you。

For him， he's sabotaging a lot of relationships where again， he just doesn't feel worthy。

 why be honest with yourself， why， what do you really not like about you and he starts listing it out。

That's one side。 Okay， you can't live in denial， be aware of what it is。From there。

 let's make a list of some of the things you like about you。Okay。

 and this is something that I recommend you do as well。

 make a list of all of the good things about you。 You know。

 guilt gets us so fixated on this shit that we really don't like about ourselves。 It's like， oh。

 what about this， Why did I do this？ I'm such a fuck up， You know， I don't deserve this， Okay。

 maybe there's that， But in what ways are you not a fuck up。You know， yeah， you know。

 she deserves to be someone with someone else better than me。 Okay， maybe。

 but what are some of the good things that she gets out of it。 Make a list。 Okay。

 what value are you bringing to the table， And this will help tremendously to in terms of self sabotage。

 This is something that I learned when it comes to sales where。I mean。

 for years and I've been traveling doing seminars and there's a paid seminar。

 a paid event and a free event that I do as well， and during the free event。

 it's two to three hours of you know free content and at the end during the last five to 10 minutes。

 there's always an upsell know where I talk about the paid event on I okay if you enjoyed this。

 come to the paid event in a couple days。And when I first started touring and doing these upsells。

I was a trouble selling people at the end。 I always felt guilty about selling people on the paid event at the end。

 You know， the， the free event during the whole， you know，2，3 hours of just offering value was easy。

 It's like， here's some content。 Here's some value。 It's very easy to just give。But then at the end。

 I'm like， okay， what's now time to make the sale。 Oh my God。

 they're gonna know that I'm trying to sell them on the program。 Oh my God， I would rush through it。

 You would just sense a shift in the vibe。 I just feel very guilty about it。 And in sales。

 what they make you do is。Sit down and make a list of all of the benefits that say someone would get from coming to the paid event。

List it out， what do they get out of it they'll get this out of it， this out of it， this out of it。

 this out of it， this out of it。 and what I did for a period of time is every time I went on stage before going on stage。

 I'd read that fucking list and I would remind myself of that list。You know， now。

 you know that that person， this is from a sales perspective。

 you know that they will get all these benefits out of it， they don't know that， and it's your job。

 it's your responsibility to lead them to the paid events so they get the benefits out of it and thank you later。

And that's a very different。You know， way of going about things and the vibe changed and it was absolutely amazing。

 It's reminding yourself， hey。It's not just feeling guilty because you're asking for money。

 it's look at what they're getting out of this。If you're in a relationship， for example， you're like。

 oh man， I feel so guilty， you know， there's all these horrible things。

I don't deserve to be with her， okay but what are the benefits she's getting out of it？

And that's what we can do here， bring some awareness to the benefits。 right now。

 make a list of all the benefits someone would get by being with you。Then the longer the list。

 the better。 and remind yourself of that list。 Okay， it doesn't get to the cause。

 but it's a good stepping stone， and this will drastically decrease self sabotage。

 spontaneous and randomness。Like what， give an example。呃。Like， I glad they do stuff。 Like。

 I don't like to sit at home and live like thought you said you were lazy。Yeah呃。I feel up home。

 I'm lazy。Because that's what I've been told。All my life， I'm lazy。Not doing anything。And。

But like outside home， I'm。Not feeling less， I feeling less la。

 but I get your mind of being lazy when I get back home。This when I go out， I take walks。

 I can walk around。Do you live with your parents？Go it。诶。What's another plus side。

 So spontaneous at times。 What else I care about the person。What else。

I can listen and Ill judge to person。 Like whatever they do or don， I don't like judge themless。

Yeah for that。I have a lot of patience。People。I may not express my anger， but I'm willing。

🎼To I may surprise it at my anger times， but I'm willing to talk with people at least of this conflict。

Okay， so one thing I'd recommend doing is like making that actual list okay。

 because this is a big one， it's like， you know in different social interactions。

 but even beyond that too， often we fuck ourselves over because we really don't like ourselves and we don't want to fuck other people over by being with us。

You know， it's like， you're going up。 And I could see this yesterday。

 It's like you're talking different people and you just can't accept that they like you。

 It's like they're smiling， they're enjoying your company。 They're like， hey， and you're like。😊。

They don't like me and then you just leave or you would just shut up or you would just sabotage the interaction and just bounce out。

And I can guarantee you a lot of the times those people are confused。

 they're like what the fuck this guy like what like what's going on if you want to start killing it you better start believing that you are an amazing option and that you are the best option。

You know， you said this too and I used to be like that like with friends。

 say we're hanging out like a group of friends here if people would talk。

 I would always be very quiet and I'd be kind of the last to express my opinion you know。

 even like a dumb example like you know what movie should we go see it I always be like you know whatever the main guys want。

 you know，ll just like that I would never be like oh let's go see this。You know。

 even when someone said like it was the say the same you or theva guy you're like oh let's go see this even I wanted to see it I'm like。

 oh okay I wouldn't even say yeah that's what I thought too I would just never put it out because again it's like that's the identity you've taken on it's like I'm down here。

This is the only little thing that this person down here deserves， if I was up here。

 then I could do all this。You know， and then what you're trying to do here is you still think you're down here and then you're trying to compensate doing all this to pretend to be up here。

But you'll never get to the cause。 And it's like， why do you think you're down here in the first place。

 So one exercise that helps a lot is making that list is's like， well。

What are the benefits that someone would get being with me， like say someone was with you。

 say you were dating yourself what would be the benefits you get out of that relationship。

 what would be the benefits someone would get out of being with you and if you draw a blank or there's not much。

That's another huge fucking like warning sign like that's where you need to bring your attention。

 And for a lot of people they have no idea。 they know what they want out of the other person。

 It's like man in a partner I want this， I want this， I want this。

 I want this I want this and that's really what I'm after it It's like okay。

 what does that person get out of you。You know where's the value exchange here。

 what value are you bringing to the table？And guy's like， oh， I don't know。

That's we you need to work on。But yes we forget it。

So basically have to keep reminding myself I'd carry it around for a while。

 like and just like keep rereading it every time that happens， like reread it and remind yourself。

 you know， it's like it takes effort to one。Acknowledge our successes because we're just conditioned to focus on all the negative。

 Like you remember all your failures every time you fuck up because there's like a lot of， you know。

 charge around it。 whenever your successes。 When you succeed， it's like， okay。

 good on to the next thing， you fail， F fail there's a lot more charge。 know。

 So remember all your failure， It's never the successes。 So here it's like， notice I'm like， okay。

 what you know， how， why would you not want to be with you。 You're like， oh， because this， this。

 this is this， Okay， why would you want to be with you， this。This it requires a lot more effort。

 so just adding this habit of one will challenge yourself to make that list and then every once in a while' just reread it。

You knowOf course， this is a temporary tool you don't want to depend on rereading a list。

But in the short term， it gets you out of that rut。

Another thing you can do too and this is a short term tool it's not something you want to keep doing it's actually have a look around and look at all those other options you know it's like yeah。

 you're comparing yourself to other people， especially on superficial things。

 but like look at all the other options because when we're out and say you're talking to someone you're like man。

 you know say this girl like you could have way better access to way cooler。

 better people than me it's like where are those way cooler， better people。You know。

 it's like you look around like， where are they really？It's like we overb it out of proportion。

 Like everyone is like a fucking Prince charming。 It's like fuck no。You know。

 it's like there's not that many great options。Especially if you go to like a bar or club。

 it's like it's just a bunch of like drunk people。Like obnoxious drunk assholes for the most part。

It's like those are the options。 I mean， this is key2。

 and it's what I mentioned with this whole perfectionism。 You know。

 we think everyone else is perfect， but no， be realistic and look around。 you know。

 you feel so guilty。 like， oh man， I'm such a fuckup Look around。

 Where are these perfect people So just kind of taking that in at times to be like， oh shit。

 you know I'm not is badly you know badly off as I thought that'll help temporary tool。

You don't want to hang on to that， but it's like anything to kind of。

It's like optimizing that paradigm， anything to get you out of that rut。Then。Also understand how。

Without like making the choice to like put yourself out there and kind of stand up for who you are。

 you're going to keep killing yourself eteem okay so。For example。

 say you have that identity where it's like you don't think your opinion matters and everyone else is talking。

🎼The more you keep doing that and let other people talk。

 the more you just like killing that inner voice。 It's like， let's say this。 And you just keep going。

 it's like a downward spiral。 There's no way out。 This happened like two weeks ago in Copenhagen。

 Someone was talking to a girl。 One of the guys talking to a girl and some drunk guy， just walks up。

 shoves him out of the way。 and he's like， to the girl。 He didn't know the girl。

 He's just some drunk dick。 He's like like spinning shit in the like kind of pushes them off and then leads。

He didn't see the girl push him off and leave， he's just like，" oh， okay， you have her。Okay。

 now you could look at that， be like， okay， whatever he was kind of scared。

 there was a dude who came in who was drunk。 however。

 if you actually look at what happens beneath the surface and I asked them， I'm like。

 do like would you want this girl to be with that drunk dick？Yes or no， and he's like no， you know。

 it's like where do you rate that drunk guy at the time like on the pool pretty fucking low So what does that mean if he comes in and you're like oh。

 he should have her， what does that say about you that you're even lower than him？And it。

That's where you're reinforcing， it's like you're way down there。

Now this doesn't mean like become some like asshole white kn all the time just jump in in all scenarios。

 don't be like paranoid about this， but those little things affect where you see yourself。

 So these are all useful things you can do and I highly recommend doing them but of course。

 as we discussed many times to get to the cause you really need to dive deep Why do you feelworth。

Where did that come from？What are some other times you might have felt unworthy as well？Lai。

Since I was。人。It feelsel like my opinion didn't matter。

How home what's an example if there's something want to to ask？

And also didn't understand a lot of the family the family dynamics。 It was a lot of drama。Like what。

 be more precise。🎼give us a couple examples。 some of us were there。

 as I remember family gatherings still together for Christmas first pop songs like shouting screaming and。

Trying。嗯。And it been like that。Also， when I saw my grandmother die at the hospital， Ar was 11，12。诶。

Then managed to cry。呃。I saw everyone else cry。My mother was crying as well。

 I don' tried to comfort her。And didn't managed to cry。I also got really sadd my dad didn't like。

 send me a message when I was in Brazil， like happy birthday。 because I never live with him。

It's been in prison a couple of times。So like， we have been like。So。I was 12， like。

🎼Contact me more regular meeting person more like one to five times a year。

 And I move like up to 10 calls per year。And then it got more and more in today's lecture。

But like when I didn't get。Like call or like disease used in the car least。

 And then didn't get a car either home。 I get like。I was in Brasil with Ca。

 and they like to bake a cake for me， and like barbecue。it like an adult being alone。

But it's really sad。嗯。🎼何もいます。Sitting like our rest。That's why。Oh。哎要是想个说说。Like。Yeah， my mother。

 like say， my father is not good。 Still care at home to give money and care about me。Right right。

I like medium in person。 You like fri cube here。Does the kid us know you how to show。

And questions you tried to ask so like。You can see that it's like sad that we haven't been able to grow up better like。

And also， nobody wants me to study unless I was traveling a lot。 It like。

So I like seeing a little bit of disappointment as well。 I'm not like getting an education。

 so I can have a good job have to。 So how is that your fault。Don't tell me it's not your fault， me。

Why it's your fault， So to help him dive even deeper here， I ask him， how is that your fault？

How are all of these things your fault okay now of course？That doesn't mean that they are his faults。

 but part of him believes that。 And what I'm doing is I'm bringing his awareness to that。

 Acknowledge where you believe this is your fault until you're aware of it， you can't let go of it。

 Why is it your fault。That you don't deserve a text from him on your birthday。

 or why is it your fault that he can't connect with you。

 or why is it your fault that he's just never there for you？Why。

I could maybe try to contact him more often instead of waiting for you。

I can maybe try to open myself more and that。Ask more from him。1 medium。Like what else？

How are you a disappointment to him？In what ways？Yeah。Because you disappointed him。

 how are you disappointed to him？そい。Did I like。It just like。来。I was doing what I could with myself。

Also， yes said that。Like you don't see a passion need or something。

I need this fire to be alive to do something。Okay。That's now， let's go earlier， though。

 how are you disappointed， say when you first met him or later after that。

That's what we need to dive into。Yeah， like。Bing。Quiet， it was actually out a lot。

 And I was with my hot brother。 I was one year younger。niceice。 Yes， we have I'm on the woman。

And often if like， we didn't like he didn't clean or did something。

He was he was stone getting scold and not me。 So I was like guilty。As well。But like them， I like。

So a lot of lucky getting hit buying back with my father and my stepmother。

When it's like my fault as well。 And they don't say anything to me。

And I was afraid to do anything for my brother， as well。One time， he step on。

 So he started to have no speeded as well for something else that my fault as well。Okay。

 so let's dive into it and I mean， I hope you guys can pick up on the same themes。

 you're carrying a lot of guilt。And a lot of self attack and a lot of self hate。

And that's when I said it's like how is that your fault， like obviously it's not your fault。

 but in your mind you think it is and that's how Im like wherever like there's that thing where you just keep avoiding it。

 that's what you need to dive into。And it' like you can even see now it's like that reaction。

That's hitting the cause。And for you， it's about well， one， you can tell yourself， you know。

 it's not my faults， but these are like deep grounded beliefs where it's like your subconscious like bullshit。

 we all know it's your faults。 You know it's like that's your subconscious like we all know it's your fault。

 You were never good enough even by the fact that say he was hitting your half brother There's probably a little bit like guilt it's like why he's not hitting me and it's like。

As fucked as it sounds， there's probably a little bit of like maybe he doesn't love me as much because he's also not hitting me。

 you're just kind of ignored， left on the side and then here you are it's like you're trying to meet new people and there's still that little bit of you where it's like。

You know， I'm still not good enough， it's like， I hate myself so much。

 like why would I want someone else to be with me here？You know， now as the temporary tools。

 as we discussed making that list， you know， focusing， okay。

 what do I bring to the table that helps it'll get you。Out of the rut to a certain extent。

 but then beyond that for you it's diving into all this here。

Letttting all that actually come up because again it's like if you keep avoiding it。

 you think it's gone but it's still fucking there so even here it's like bringing that up。

 breathing into it， letting it go and then actually making it a habit from now on to forgive the you at the time because you're blaming that you you know it's like forgiving that you at the time and start actually app provingroving of yourself and like making that a practice of like learning to approve of yourself again because otherwise it's like day in day out it's like there's that self-hate。

 that self-hate， that self-hate for things maybe you should have done things you didn't do or things you did it's like learning to。

Forgive that person there and process it that way there。

 he wanted me to accomplish certain things that perhaps I didn't。Accomplish， yeah。

And that's sort of like， you feel。I guess Gud is the right word， I'm not sure， but。Yeah。G' see' just。

 yeah like。Guilty in a way， but otherwise more like just kind of disappointed yourself and pissed yourself that you can't live up to those expectations because you love your dad。

 You want to make him proud。 And it's like。You're not living up to it。

 So you kind of hate yourself for that。 That affects how much， you know， it's like self love。

 Like self love isn't something you do。 It's like， you just get rid of the self hate。

 But then thatll ripple in where it's like， even if there's a girl there， It's like， well。

 why would you want to be with me， You know， if I can't please my dad if I can't do this。You know。

 how will I be with her。 And usually this happens early on， like you said。

 But then there's the ripple effect。 So that's why you're saying， well now I'm quiet and， you know。

 I don't have that passion and that aliveness。 And that's why it doesn't like me。

 but you don't have that because of those earlier moments。It's this downward spiral it's like， okay。

 you know， I'm not deserving。I'm not good enough then you take the belief for like my identities down here。

 then you start acting accordingly， and it's like this constant just loop。

 thats just this feedback loop。You know， so it's about like disrupting that here。 we think that。

 you know， it's like to finally approve of ourselves， we need to do X。

 Y Z and be like perfect and disciplined in every way and never slack off and never be lazy。

 but that's like，Unrealistic， you know， it's like everyone is lazy at times。 I'm lazy at times。

 Everyone procrastinateates at times。 I procrastinate at times。

 There are tons of times I procrastinate。 I'm like， oh， I should be working by， I'm too lazy。

You know， there are times where you rationalize， there are times where you don't have enough willpower。

 there are times where you have anxiety， there are times where you're stressed。

 there's times where you're not happy， there's times where you have shitty emotions。

 it's like so on and so forth， like everyone has that。So kind of seen behind the curtain too。

 like there's no such thing as like， oh， everyone's perfect， so on and so forth。

Lets you a little bit off the hook so when it does happen not to use as an excuse。

 just be lazy all the time， but that's what makes you human。 you know， it's like in an interaction。

 you expect everything to go perfect as soon as there's a little bump， you balance out it's like no。

 that's what an interaction is There is no。Perfect line， layy yourself off the fucking hook。

 you don't have to be perfect， just have to be real and have to be human。You know， and。Yeah。

 I mean for you it's like dive into that， that'd be my advice really dive into it and like start fully approving of yourself and whatever it takes like you can even just sit down and like dive into the memory and like verbal even say like。

 okay I approve of that， you know you're a kid， there's nothing you can do。

And you're like taking in all that guilt and stuff。Release it， like tune into it。

 bring it up and start releasing it， and you'll see it's like the more you do that and this at the same time hit it by both angles。

All the effects will kind of like take care of themselves because you're actually getting to the cause。

You know not an excuse not to go out， obviously， not an excuse to just always sit at home。

 but like if you hit it by both angles， that's you get that permanent change。

And you won't be walking around at this。Ball of guilt and anxiety all the time。

 This is always like triggered every time。 It's like， oh， there's a girl， but no， she could never。

 you know， it's like， I no one sees me。 It's not about me。 It's the other guy， It's always above me。

 above me。 Why would you want to be with me， I don't even want to be with me， et cetera， et cetera。

 et cetera。You know。It was like realizing there's nothing you could do。And approve yourself。Yeah。

Yeah。And then of course， like acknowledging everything that comes up。

Those emotions or sensations coming up now， that's the stuff you probably also just kind of shove down back then。

Maybe you didn't want to seem weak and it's like another form of you abandoning yourself。So here。

 in a way， although it hurts。 and although it might suck， this is you， actually。

Being real and acknowledging what's going on inside。

 this is you for the first time standing up for yourself and not killing yourself esteem。Yeah。

I felt like crying for years。I lot like。Yeah， mean， like 10 years or so like like not frequently。

 but over like every I now on them， I get just tears。 I get feel sound a tears but。

🎼I feel like shocking trying come。Yeah， let it out。

It's like there's nothing bad about whatever you're feeling。 It's like whatever you're feeling。

 like it's there for a reason。 What's bad is that like。Not letting ourselves feel it。You know。

 for you， it's like that feeling of like finally like coming to terms like forgiving yourself or finally like learning how to improve yourself that also means like approving about like。

What you felt at the time and the position we were at the time， you know。

 if you feel like powerlessness it's about like。Realizing that and being okay with that。

And there will be a lot of like。Intense emotions that come up versus keeping it down and all that self hate towards。

That younger you or current you。With the information you had at the time and who you were at the time。

 you did the best you could。And the similar like Lego， what's beyond your control。

 that's all you can do to control。And for you， it's not about seeking someone else's approval or replacing your dad with sale to girls。

 maybe they approve of me or other people approve it's about giving yourself that approval from yourself。

The such the。Because it's really not his approval either that did this。

 it's what his approval did to you。Meaning that when you stopped getting approved by from your father。

 you stopped approving of yourself。That's when he kicked in。先ぱしてのがと。

He just triggered that inside of you， so for you it's regaining control of that。And by proving。

 it's like being okay with who you are， what you did back then， but also now and stop abandoning。

That you that's inside。 So this is really what this state of guilt is。

 how it works and how it fuels self sabotage。 You know， and you have to dive into it。

 Resistance will tell you， don't dive into it。 fight self sabotage with willpower。

 but you'll never truly get to the cause。As you saw here， the cause diving deep is。

This state of guilt。Dive into it and let go of it。