# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：03.证明：4. 第三步-让它浮现出来，然后释放( Step 3 - Let It Come Up And Let It Out)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

And finally， the last step here is let it come up and let it out。

 And this is when you allow those sensations to run their course and eventually reach their natural end。

 which is they leave。 They disappear。 Okay， they eventually fade into the nothingness out of which they came in the first place。

 And I want to emphasize this as well。Not only will these sensations change and transform and mature on their own。

 they will also leave on their own。 There's nothing you need to do。 They want to leave。

Allow them to do so， give them the space to do so， experience them so that they can mature in。

Disappear。 And what I like to do here as well， using that chronic breathing technique。

 combined with visualization， is I visualize those sensations coming up。

And coming out okay and when I say visualization here is a little sign note， it's not necessary。

 However， I find it helpful， and I'm not visualizing them mentally trying to paint a mental picture。

 like oh， the sensations look like this。 It's more so I'm bringing up my awareness with them。

 I combine that too with the sh sound when exhaling them and allowing them to pass through and leave。

 as I said before， it helps with any kind of stuckness， any tension。

 It just kind of helps loosen things up。Okay， and this。

I's how you let go and what you'll notice is that as soon as。They run their course。

The sensations will change and you will experience relief。 Things will feel a lot lighter。

 all that energy， all that effort hanging on， resisting when you let go。You just feel again。

Like a weight's been lifted， you're no longer holding on， and this is how you do it。

