# 02、朱利安《掌握转变》：09.月度计划：1月：3.书评-《活出生命的意义》【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

For month one， the book is Man search for Me by Victor Frankel。And this is a book that， I mean。

 as you read， details his experience surviving， the horrors in Nazi concentration camps。

And I wanted to start with this book because， I mean， as you know， it's an extremely。Dark book。

 It's extremely， you know， horrific。 It's a very heavy read。And。I mean。

 it's very different than you know， most personal development books and that's。I mean。

Why I wanted to make this one like mandatory in this program， Because， I mean。

 the whole self- up world， it's very easy to gravitate towards all these feel good books， you know。

 if you go towards。The selfhelp aisles and any， you know bookstore it's， you know。

10 tips to feel amazing。 You know， here's how to have this amazing， happy， successful， positive life。

 And it's very upbeat。 It's very positive。 And the selfhel crowd。 you talk to everyone。 It's。

 you know， always be upbeat， always be positive all the time。 And you know。

 no one really brings their attention to， you know， the darker side of things。😊，And， I mean。

 this is a book that dives so deep into the darker side of things that， I mean。

 none of us can relate to it。 I mean， it's just so horrific， so dark that。I mean， yeah， it's like it。

You experience it。 It's heavy， but you can't even relate to how fucked it is or was， you know and。

I mean， it's really a book that makes you uncomfortable。 It's a book that challenges you similar to。

 I guess， in transformation mastery， where you have to。Dive into those unacceptable。

 darker aspects of you versus running away and always like the feel good。 Here。

 it's one of those things where you have to confront the truth of different things that happened。

 You have to confront that， hey， not everythings so peachy in the world。 And I mean， yeah， just。

It gets you uncomfortable， and it really puts you in your place。 And that that'd be the first。

Point I'd want to touch on here。You know， we， it's very easy to get caught up in our petty little problems right now。

 if you just look at your life， I'm sure theres some stuff that's on your mind， you know。

 I'm sure there's some little concerns， some things that are， you know。Provoking a little anxiety。

 a little stress， a little anger， whatever those unacceptable emotions are。

 there's some stuff you just aren't that happy with。You know， and just as a little。

Audit heres and exercise。 B some more a。 What's going on in your life right now。

 or at this moment right now。That's bothering you。And when you read a book like this， it just。

Puts you in your place。 It's like， shut the fuck up with these little concerns。 For me。

 I reread this book on the plane ride back to Los Angeles。 I was traveling Europe。And this was like。

 you know， a week ago just right on the plane right back and I remember right before getting on the plane。

 you know， little concerns that I had and fuck it seems so petty。

 but like it was they still kind of took over like traveling is something that still kind of triggers me。

 but anyway on the plane and I was like fuck this seat sucks the route I was taking was it was a shitty layover there was all these little things and I was just。

Not super frustrated， but just not very， you know， embracing of it all。 I could sense the resistance。

 And mean， I was like God damn it this fucking sucks。 Can't believe this shit。 You know。

 it' was like， there's a little inner dialogue。 It's like， yeah， I'll make the best of it。 But still。

 what the fuck this little layover。 Poor little meat。😡，And then you read it and you're like。You know。

 it's like first world problems is' like shut the fuck up。You have。The luxury。

 you should be grateful that you can bitch about those little things。 You know。

 it just it puts you in a place that way there。 It's like whatever right now are the little things that are。

Pisssing you off， You should be grateful that you can be pissed off about those little things。

 You know， if you're stuck in traffic， you should be grateful that you have the opportunity to be stuck in traffic。

 that you have the opportunity to even have a car to be able to drive somewhere more。

 to be able to have a job， to be late to。You know， and this is something that I'd recommend， I mean。

 everyone just does is a good stepping stone。 It's whatever frustration you have。 Just add。

 I'm grateful before then。 I'm grateful to have this frustration because I'm grateful。To be stressed。

 you know， say， say you even have like a date and you're like stressed out before your date。

 I'm grateful to have a date to be stressed about versus having no date at all。 You know。

 whatever it is， be grateful for it。 And， I mean， yeah， it's like reading theses， too。

 where it's like。Shit， you know， you think。You have it hard。 And， I mean， we all。Go through。

 you know， horrific times as well， things that， you know， we wish hadn't happened。

 things that shouldn't have happened， but none of us have experienced anything as horrible as the author of this book。

And if he。Can experience something like that and still find meaning and hope。

Going through all of this， then so can we？So it just really gives you perspective on things。

 And it's extremely important to remind ourselves of this。 you know。

 whenever you're going through tough times， it's like， hey。You know。

 read up on people who've also gone through tough times because it's so easy to get wrapped up into the story of me。

 It's only me， me and all my problems。 Oh my God， I'm all alone in this。 It's just me。

 It's such a big deal。 It's like， a。It's not。Okay， in the course of fucking history。

 there are many people who' have gone through similar， if not way。

 way worse things than you right now。And yeah， just change your attitude there。

 And this is also the big message of this book is that。It's your responsibility。

 and it's your choice。To adopt whatever attitude you want to adopt when confronted with different situations。

 Okay， that's how he went through this and still found hope and meaning， you know。

 through all these horrors， it's basically that no matter what happens to you。

 you can always choose your attitude towards it。Okay。

 you can choose the meaning you attribute towards it。 You can choose your response to it。You know。

 you cannot always control what happens in your life。 You know， shit can always hit the fan。

 but and this is huge。 You can always control what you will feel。And do about what happens to you。

Okay， you can control what happens， but you can control。Your response to what happens。

 And no matter what， this can never， ever be taken from you， you will always have this choice。

No matter what， no matter how powerless you feel， you know。

 maybe you're watching this right now and you're in a very horrible situation。

 And there's nothing you can do about it。 And it's not even your fault。 You know。

 you're just in a fucked situation。Nothing you can do。

 and it's very easy to feel completely powerless， you know， and that's apathy。 You know。

 it's like what's the point， there's no hope， I have no power， I have no options。

 I'm just stuck here， but that's not true。You do have。Power。

And that power is on your response to what's happening。And no matter what， you will never。

 ever lose that。 no matter what happens externally， your response to it， your internal world。

 let's say your attitude， you always， always have power over that。 Okay。

 you will always have this choice in terms of how you respond to what's happening out there。

There's a quote here，For beyond your control。Can take away everything you possess except one thing。

 your freedom to choose how you will respond to the situation。 You could lose everything。

 and he literally did lose everything。 You know， all ties to his previous life。

 all of his possessions when he gets into the camp against like his hair all options like you know。

 you have no choice in terms of your actions。 even It's like walk， do this， do this， do this。

 do this。 It's like， you lose everything。 know， literally everything external is taken from you until you。

 you know， it's like you're left with your naked fuck and body。 like that's it。 and it's I mean。

 that situation， you look at it。 You like powerlessness。 know， but that's not necessarily true。

 because although it seems like you have no more power。You're done。The power is in this choice。

You know， and I want to reinforce it if right now。You're in a tough situation。

 if you're in a state of apathy where you think there's no hope when you think there's nothing you can do about it anyway。

 there is。There is always this choice。And this choice may not change。The external。

But no matter what is out there， you can choose what's going to happen in here。

 how it's going to affect you and your response to it。Every day。

 every hour you're offered the opportunity to make a decision。

 you will always be able to make this decision， a decision which determines whether or not you will submit to the powers that threatens to rob you of your very self of your inner freedom。

Okay， you'll always have this choice。 and another quote here， any man can。

Even under such circumstances。Decide what shall become of him mentally and spiritually。

 You will always have this choice。 It cannot be taken from you。Okay， this is the big， big takeaway。

 It's like no matter what happens out there， you'll always be in control of what's。In here。

Okay and in terms of choosing。Your response to it。 It comes down to choosing。

 you know the meaning you attribute to it。 And the first thing I want to say here is that you need to realize that there is no one ultimate meaning。

 And this is， you know， the the question we all jump to。

 It's like you look at a book like man search for meaning， Well what is the meaning。

 What is the ultimate meaning to everything， the ultimate meaning of life， you know。

 and understand that there is no general meaning。And that's the whole point。

 And that's why you will always have this choice。 You know。

 it's extremely scary to think there's no general meaning。 But that means that you。Have the freedom。

 the option to create your own meaning。Okay，The meaning of life will differ from man to man and from moment to moment。

 It is impossible to define the meaning of life as a general way。Okay， and。You know if you want to。

 you know， he writes this to， if you want to put this question in general terms。

 it would be comparable to the question posed by a chess champion where he says， you know， it's like。

 well， tell me， what is the best chess move in the world？It's like you can't generalize it like that。

 You know， it depends on the specific moment， on the specific situation。It changes。 O。

 And what he says is that ultimately， man should not ask， what is the meaning of life， But rather。

 he must recognize that it is he who is asked。 Okay， you're responsible for giving it meaning。

 it's in your hands。 And when it comes to horrific times in your life where you're really suffering。

Never forget that。 Okay， You must never forget that you can also find meaning even when you're confronted with a hopeless situation。

 You know， when facing a fate that cannot be changed， when shit hits the fan。

 there's nothing you can do about it。You can attribute the meaning， and that's your choice。You know。

 and you can give it a meaning that。Reinfors hopelessness。 You know。

 you're confronted with adversity。 You can go further and further into victim mentality。

 or you can change it and choose a meaning that is empowering。You know，And in some way。

 when you choose a meaning that's empowering。The suffering。

 the shit you're going through ceases in a way to be suffering。You know。

 if you change your suffering and you give it the meaning of sacrifice for the greater good。

 just as an example， suddenly， it's more bearable。 your experience of that changes。 Okay。

 and it's what I say， even when it comes to different emotions， you know， where we label， you know。

 feeling bad is bad。 You know， there's the bad， unacceptable emotions。

 and then you experience that and then you feel bad about feeling bad。

Because the meaning you attribute to those emotions is this is horrible。And then， of course。

 it just brings you down。 Then you feel bad about feeling bad about feeling bad。 so on and so forth。

 Change the meaning。 Let go of the labels you've been conditioned to impose on different emotions。

 and your experience of those emotions will change。Okay。

 let go of the meaning that you impose on you know these。You know， to be fair， it's like， yeah。

 they're horrific， horrible situations， but you can still change the meaning and your experience will change。

Okay， and。I mean， it's important to realize that it's not the physical pain， which hurts the most。

 He says this here， it's the mental agony caused by the injustice， the unreasonableness of it all。

You know， it's not the a friend of mine told me this too， by the way。Random side story。 And again。

 nothing comparable to， you know， the the events in this book。

 but a friend of mine in Switzerland did something and。

He was in the army and he had the choice to do。I think it was like， pay $1500。 or do you， I think。

Four days， it was four days in military jail。now again。

 nothing comparable at all to anything described in this book。Okay。

 but I'm just going to share here perspective and what he said is， you know， we'll fuck the 1500。

 they'll feed me， it'll be like a four day fucking vacation and he decides to go the four days in you know military prison。

And he goes there and then he realizes that it's not the regular prison。

 it's like full on solitary isolation， so they take away everything。You know。

 literally everything and he just goes in this small little cell where there's like this little mattress on the floor。

 a small little window， but you can just see like a bit of light because your you know was underground and he was just stuck there。

And they'd come and give him the meals if he was sleeping， they don't give you the meals。

 and at first he didn't think it would be that bad and he made sure to stay up the whole night before so he could sleep。

But you know， what he says is like you realize that when you're in this small little room and you're not really exerting a lot of energy。

You are not that tired， so he slept like six hours or something when he got there and then you woke up and then you're fucking there and there's nothing you can do。

 And he said the the thing that just really starts fucking with you is。

The fact that everything's kind of controlled and you have no， you know。

 freedom it's like it is that feeling of。Being， you know， powerless。It's like， fuck。

That complete powerlessness， those thoughts of again， injustice。

 it's unreasonable why start kicking in。And that's the thing that really gets you。

 It's not the fact that， you know， again， not comparing it to the book at all。

 but that he was locked in there。 It's the fact that。You have no， you know。

 or so it seems you can choose your response inside。 But so it seems like externally like you。

Your freedom is robbed。That's what fucks with you。just to kind of illustrate this。

Whatever happens external， if you feel like right now， Again， apathy， you're out of it。

 Your freedom's robbed。 There's no hope。 What's the point。Internally。No one can take that away。

You'll always have your freedom， And you will always be able to choose the meaning。

And then from there， your response and how you feel about it。Okay， and then there's that， of course。

 you know， famous quote where it's like， you need a why， you know。

 it's like find the why and you'll be able to tolerate the how and you can create that why。And。

I mean， some other really good quotes here too is that。I mean， here's one when it can't be changed。

 we are challenged to change ourselves。 Love this。 You know。

 when you can't change the externals like you're challenged to change internally。

And people also forget that it's often during these exceptionally difficult。

 external situations that we offered the opportunity to grow beyond ourselves。You know。

 and we're conditioned to want this， he says， like this tensionless state。

Inition to want to stay in our comfort zone。 But that's not the point of life。

 That's not really what we want。 It's what we think we want， but it's not what we want。 And again。

 we have the label of comfort equals good。Challenging equals bad。

The same is like acceptable and acceptable emotions。 Let go of those labels。You know， that's really。

 I mean， the big takeaway here。 It's， you know， puts you in your fucking place。 And two。

 it just keeps reinforcing。 It's like a let go of the labels。

 You're not in this prison of labels where it's， you know， society in the world around you。

 Like the external dictates how you must feel internally。 You're in control of that。

 And you need to realize it。 This is a book that。I mean， it's still classic in the selfhel world。

 It's one that I also read going through。My media scandal。Where again。

 it's like even in a situation like that， I'm like。

 why is this happening And then you read something like this。 And you're like。

 it's like shut the fuck up， you know， And again， it doesn't take away from what you're going through。

 It doesn't make it right or it doesn't mean that your， your situation is not horrible。 I mean。

 all are horrible。 But once again， it's like。Wei。Can't even relate with words。You know。

 the author went through。 and if he。Who's a human， just like you and me can go through something like that and still like not lose himself。

 not lose hope。We have no excuse， either。And it really comes down to reminding yourself of the fact that。

 I mean， this is what I do。 It's like， I remind myself that other people are going through it， too。

 And there's that sense of unity versus feeling completely cut off because when you go through shit。

 it's so easy to think you're alone。 You're alone。 It's just you and。You know。

 like you read this as I know a lot of people go through shit and way worse shit。

And probably right now， if you're going through shit， a lot of people are going through shit as well。

 This second， people are going through a lot of shit。And I know I'm saying shit a lot。

 but people are going through a lot of shit right now just like you and kind of taking that in that sense of unity like。

Yeah， it sucks， but we're all going through it together， you're not disconnected， helps greatly。

And then it's just reminding yourself that you can choose your response。 You can choose the meaning。

 You could view it as this is horrible。 It's going to ruin me and just， you know。

 give that interpretation and then。Give up hope in a way， or you can choose。To view it is。

Something that'll unlock different parts of you。 Or for me it was like that'll melt away the bullshit that'll melt away my ego。

You know， it's or a challenge's that's meant help me grow。

 It doesn't mean that it's good or that it even is a challenge， but that's your choice。

 You can choose the meaning。 You are free to choose the meaning of it。

 No one can take that away from you。 What is your personal meaning to life。If you want my meaning。

I like that one。 So， as I said， be careful not to look for a general meaning like there is no， like。

 what's the best move in chess。 That's kind of what you're asking。

Here's my take on life and this is my personal take。 this is my view。

 you don't have to adopt this view， and that's the beauty of this is you can adopt whatever view you want。

 but my view is there is no meaning。 that's my meaning。

 my meaning to life is that there is no meaning。I choose。To view it。

 like there is no general meaning。There is no rules。And then， from there。

As he talks about in this book， at different moments in times， when inspiration kicks in。

 that becomes my meaning in that situation at that point in time。But， I choose。To view it with。

 there is no big picture meaning。That's my choice。It doesn't mean you have to choose it as well。

 but that's my view on life。 It's like， we're here。And we're stuck here until the day we die。

And there's no point to anything。At all。You know， it's like we're all going to die， you know。

 we all fight so hard to survive， but none of us survive we all die you， you know。

 none of us get out of here alive， we can't take anything from this world with us。

 We can't take our accomplishments。 We can't take our failures， We can't take our reputation。

 we can't take our things。 we can't take our money， we can't take all the validation。

 we can't take our experiences。 You take nothing with you。You're dead。And that's it。That's my view。

 okay。And even if you think legacy， it's like， you can be like， well， I leave the legacy。

 but then eventually thatll disappear。 The world will the sun will explode and the world will explode and it's gone。

There's no point to anything。Now， that could be viewed as scary。 And oh my God。

 there's no point then what。 And then you go into despair。

 or you could choose to view it as very free。Like when when I say there's no meaning。

 it's not sad or nihilistic for me， that's the beauty that is life because， okay， there's no meaning。

I'm here till the day I die。What kicks in out of inspiration that would make my time here enjoyable。

You know， that's the definition of freedom。 If there was a superimposed meaning on your life。

 like the whole meaning of life is this。 then you're trapped。What is your meaning。

 like the fact that there is no meaning means you can come up with your meaning and you can change your meaning。

You know， at times， it's like my meaning， like my， my purpose， like my meaning to life is。Legacy。

 at times， it's service。 At times， it's creating a product。 At times， it's love in my relationship。

 it's， you know， or it's multiple things at the same time。 It can change。 It can be multiple things。

 And that's the whole beauty of it。know， so that would be my answer to what's the meaning of life。

There is no meaning to life。And from there。Whatever kicks in， you're free to choose。Whatever meaning。

You want and then experience it that way。 And you can do this to anything。 You know， it's like， say。

You apply to get a job and you don't get your job。 Okay， it's like， nope。

 and you fail that opportunity。 and it's an opportunity to's missed forever。One meaning is fuck。

 I missed it。 My life's ruined。And then you choose to respond to that， and that's what happens。

Another meaning is， oh， well， this sucks， but maybe something else will happen。 you know。

 that's the meaning。 Another one is。Hell yeah， this is a challenge that'll make me hustle more。 Well。

 it wasn't meant to be。There's an infinite amount of meanings， and you can choose。

The one you want to attribute to it。You know，Another there's other。Ways of viewing it， too。

 and people live by this in terms of how they， they go about their lives where it's like。Here。

 here's a common one in the spiritual world。You。Decided， you know， before you were born。

 your being decided to come to earth and live as a human being to go through different challenges and learn。

There is a meaning。You know， some people will place on life。

 And then whenever you go through different challenges or whatever you're working on， it means that。

 hey， it's you chose proactively like you knew before you were born that you wanted to go through these challenging experiences。

 But when you're born， you forget about all that。So there's a meaning you could place on life。

Another meaning you could place on life is。You know， you like karma， you know， in a past life。

 you did this and now you're， you know， living your karma where you're moving up the scale or you're making amends for things you did in a previous life。

 so on and so forth。 There's another meaning， another meaning you can place on life is religion。

 you know， you're here and you go to heaven or you go to hell， You know。

 whatever religion you believe in。There's all these different meanings， and you can choose。

You can choose the meaning with emotions。 It's the same thing。

 You can choose to feel bad about feeling bad。Or you can let go of that label and choose to feel good about feeling bad。

Okay， and it doesn't change， it doesn't how to say， take away from the external thing。

 The external thing still there。 that emotion， those sensations are still there。

 That event is still there。 Life is still there。 The challenges are still there。

 but your experience of those things will change。Chooing。To view that or choosing to。

Feel good about feeling bad doesn't take away from the feeling bad sensations。

 but your experience changes。 choosingosing to view something challenging as beneficial to you doesn't take away from the challenging things。

 but it changes your experience of those challenging things。That's the idea here。

And you're free to choose。The meaning and believe whatever you want and don't buy in to。

Politically correct society and mainstream that says no， no， no， it's only this。

You will always have that freedom。No matter what to think it has no meaning is scary for me。 I mean。

 yeah， it is。It's， again， it's like we we all。We。In a way。You have to kind of go through this。

We're all very like we would all rather be told what the meaning is and what to do than have that responsibility。

 You know， responsibility is always scary because we're conditioned to want。No responsibility。

 And to want comfort。You know， if you could go。To someone。And。Pay them。 most of your income。

And they would just tell you。Exactly what to do， What to think。

 what to feel every moment of your life so that you live a very comfortable life。And。You know。

 there's no big bumps in the road。 It's very smooth， very comfortable till the day you die。

 most people would do that。Just to avoid the responsibility of choosing like someone just telling you exactly what to do。

 E this， do this da da da da like pretty much again， like similar to that prison situation。

 like taking all your power away。 We would think that's what we want。

You think there'd be relief in that， but no。You know， and it's always scary to kind of。

Realize you have responsibility because it is outside of your comfort zone。 but although it's scary。

That's the cool thing about being alive。 It's like that freedom and the fact that you can do what you want。

 you can。You're free。Scary。Buts。That's what you want。嗯。You know， it's like if you're domesticated。

 and now it's like。You're free。 you're like。If you say life has no rules。

 it seems like you dance a fine line between nihilism。诶。Yes。How to not fall into the other side。

 Yeah， when when you reach this point of there's no point to anything， life there's no rules。

 you're one step away。 And thats why I say you're one step away from nihilism from fuck at all。

To from despair， let's just say。 and you're one step away from enlightenment。And that is。I mean。

 really， the ultimate meaning， it's， there's no point to anything。You can choose。 O， fuck it。

That's the meaning， where you can choose。I'm free to。

Create my own rules and create my own meaning In terrible situations。

 I always find it funny to really zoom out of the situation and try to see the whole universe and notice what a tiny。

 ridiculous little part we are in space and time， yep。I do， I do the same。 again。

 we get sucked into the the little world of me， me， me， poor little me。 You know。

 I'm the center of the universe and。For for someone too， who doesn't read， I mean， this is why it's。

Again， dark books like this， horrible events， but I'd recommend reading them。

 and I'd also recommend reading different books throughout fucking history， you know。

 like the different stories of different people and what they went through and the challenges they went through。

 and I want to force read about the challenges they went through， not this， the fucking triumphs。

 And if you just go online and you don't take the time to really dive deep in a book about this。

You'll just hear about the triumphs。Let just is a famous， historical， figure。

You look online it's like they accomplished， this is this like， oh。

 that's what they accomplished what？We their challenges。 That's what you want to look for。

 And when you read about it， you're like， fuck， again， it just really gives you that perspective。

 it shows you you're not alone。 It shows you， it snaps you out of that little world of me， me， me。

 me， me， and it gets you out of your petty little， you know。

 concerns and also gives you that hope that you can do it too。

 seeing all those people face similar things or worse things and still get through it。

It gives you that hope that hey， you can get through to。 You can do it。They're human just like you。

 No one's cut from a different cloth if they can do it。 So can you。

 How would you practically go about letting go changing the meaning of labels you talked about。嗯。

With the releases， that's how I do it so。Again， let's just say。You will just take emotions。

 That's the 1 I talk about a lot。 Sa you experience anxiety。Because of the meaning， anxiety is bad。

 in a way you resist it and it stays there。And you always have to ask yourself， what's the payoff。

 What's the fear。Okay， there's always。And this is huge， a certain payoff that you're getting。

By placing a certain meaning on something。There's always a payoff。

And there's always a fear of losing or changing that meaning。And that's what you have to tune into。

 and let go of。Because it is stepping outside of your comfort zone。Right now。

 if you're in complete apathy， let's just say， you're like there's no point to anything。 F it。

 And then you hear no， you can change the meaning。You're not just going to be like， oh。

 I can change the meeting。 F， yeah， done， you know， you're like。

I'm very invested in this meaning that fuck it all。I'm used to it。 It's my comfort zone。

 I'm getting a certain payoff from it， and it can be very subtle。 Maybe you'll feel like， you know。

 if you're an extreme victim mentality， you'll feel like the martyr。

You feel like you're punishing yourself for this has to do with especially like with guilt。

 like you're pushinging yourself for something you feel guilty about and you don't deserve to feel the opposite。

 so it's looking at the payoff and looking at the fear。

 what happens if you change the meaning and then whatever sensations arise there。Let go。

That's how you practically go about it。 Here's another meaning。That's。Again， it's like。

 I don't say I believe in this and sometimes I'll add this meaning to my life， sometimes I won't。

 but this is something that helped me during one of the stages go through the life crisis and it's a common you know spiritual view as well。

Where。You know， there's that they they like you would， you believe or they believe that there's you。

 and then there's like。Your higher spiritual being， let's just say， who lives in another dimension。

 And that spiritual being is there to help you and guide you and seize the bigger picture of things。

 You don't。 You're down here on earth。 The spiritual being sees it all。 You're down here on earth。

And the spiritual being will。You know， help you go through， you know。

 into different situations to help you grow。 And when you face those situations。

It's very vegan to feel cut off alone。 But then it's， you know。

 choosing the meaning or the belief that， no， this is for my own good。

 And I trust that my spiritual being is there for me， is there with me to help me through it。

So that's， you know， a meaning you can choose on life as well or when going through different challenges as well。

 it makes you feel like。You know， it is going to be all right。

 You're going to come out on the other side。 fine， You're not in in alone。You know。

 the spiritual you is there with you and sees ahead and it's all good。

 And that spiritual you is going to help you through it， Does it make it real， Does it make it true。

 F， should I know， but you can choose that meaning when dealing with something like that when you're going through a really intense fucking crisis。

 There are times where guess what， whatever you can do。To just not get fully dragged down。

 fucking do it， even if it's coping， even if it's escaping， fucking do it， you know。

 it's very easy to be like， oh， it's just escaping your fear。 But like at sometimes， like。

 there are some moments where shit does get fucking intolerable。😡，And in that case。

 do whatever you can fucking do。😡，To make it a little bit less intolerable， to survive it。

 And then when it's passed。Then you dive into it and release it。

 But sometimes it's just in the moment， it's just too intolerable to do anything about it。

 It's too intolerable to face。You know， and that's trauma， by the way。

 that's why when you go through a traumatic experience。

 there are times you just repress it and you don't even consciously register it。

And it's easy to be like， oh， well， he， he just repressed it。 little coping defense mechanism。 Yeah。

 it is， but。It was just so intolerable would have。Fucked me if I didn't repress it。😡。

Now that doesn't mean keep it repressed， then you release it， but nuance point here。

 there are times where you should do whatever the fuck you can do to feel less。Horrible。You know。

 if you're going through an intense challenge at are times， where it's like。

 do whatever the fuck it takes， whether it's viewing like。

There's a higher me that's helping me than fuck yeah， whether it's positive affirmations。

 whether it's any kind of escapism， focus on the now， Fo on the mantra， whatever the fuck it takes。

Now， permanent， of course， just enough to make it through and then dive into it get to the cost。

 How did you find meaning during the media scandal。Well， to recap。

 it's know some of the things I said， the stuff that really helped me is。Looking back at previous。

 you know， crises that I went through and just looking at the ones where。In the long run。

 I was thankful for it。You know， in the long run I'm like oh shit， you know。

 I wouldn't be here without that。 thank God， you know， it sucked at the time， but thank God。

 and then I kind of pictured myself with what I'm going through here。 It's like， well。

 there's this crisis， but if I knew like let's just say I project myself in the future and I look back and I know it'll all be all right。

How would I experience it now。You know， the whole， there's a higher。Me。

 that's helping me God through this。 That helps to another one。Is， I mean， yeah， the world。

Will not give you what you want， but it will give you what you need。

And it's not always in accordance with your own personal agenda。 you think you know what you need。

 but that's not true and the world will help you with that， the universe will help you with that。

 the universe will provide you with different opportunities。嗯。To to grow or to shed away the ego。

 And then。The the meeting was like it's always looking for the lessons and the big takeaways。

 obviously was it snapped me out of going down this really dark path， like the wrong direction。

 it got me back in touch with。You know， different core values。Where， you know。

 it's like it's so easy， especially down the validation route。

To get pulled off off track where it's like you're no longer doing it to say help people but you're doing it to get。

 you know validation or get comments and that's not why you originally got into it so it brings that back and gets you back in touch with just the value of just service you know it's like you're doing this to help people you're here to serve how did you know you established permanency and your new perception think per and effortless go hand in hand。

Because it doesn't require effort。It's permanent。Because as effortless is just there。

 You don't have to maintain it。 trying to maintain equals efforts to maintain when something is effortless。

It's permanent。哦。What's the best way for me to help others go through their own struggles？

Be there for them， and with them。You know， you can try to help them。In terms of giving them advice。

 but the thing。Though we all really want the most going through different struggles or。You know。

Different challenging times。Is for someone to just be there with us。You know， even if you're。

 you're really sad。 I mean， that's really what you want。

 You don't want someone to come up to you necessarily and tell you， hey， you should not feel sad。

 It'll be fine because you're feeling sad or someone to list out all the good things or the great things to come。

 You just want someone to come there。 Si down with you and be like。😔。

It's okay to be feeling what you're feeling and just stay there with you with the sadness。

 So if you have someone who you know who's going through a struggle。

Stay there with them and be there with them， for them。Through the struggle。YouAnd then， of course。

 you know， give them some advice。 But the most important thing is。

You're there with them one thing I personally do in terms of reading these books if you want to know is because I get this a lot like how do you prepare。

 for example， if I do a book club or how do you prepare the presentation here's what I do so。I I。

 I have both。 I have like a lot of physical books， but I tend to read them on my computer if I'm gonna to do a presentation。

 so I get the Kindle。On half of the screen and then I have a note like an open page or notepad thing on the other half of the screen。

 and then I'll read through it and these are books that I recommend actually reading in extreme detail。

 but otherwise I'll read through it and anything that I resonate with anything that connects with me。

 I copy paste the quote in the file， so instead of highlighting I copy paste。And。

Then once I go through it all then I have all my notes， then I'll go through everything。

 I copy paste it and I'll organize it and to really take in the information for the next one。

 but also especially you have to do this with a new earth by cartli。

 take like copy paste those fucking notes and then give yourself a challenge you know and do it even for the next one。

 give yourself a challenge。Imagine you had to give the presentation on the webinar or imagine you had to present the ideas in that book。

 You had to present the book to someone。Based on everything you copy pasted。

 how would you structure it and just by copy pasting it， it'll help internalize it。

 and then by restructuring it into a presentation， you have to teach to someone boom。

 it really sinks in。 and then the cool thing is you always have that file to go back to。You know。

 for me， it's like any of the books。I， it's very rare。 I'm get like。I'll like pick these up。

 skim them and stuff。 but it's very rare。 I'm gonna reread unless it's like a classic。

You know here like you know some of the books here。

 what I'll do is I'll open my fucking file and I have all the highlighted stuff that I personally resonated with。

 and then I'll read the highlights versus having to reread the whole book or skim the book for highlights。

