# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：9.实战_Infields：内场3-从俱乐部到公寓（金发俱乐部爆炸）_Infield 3 - From Club To Apartment (Blonde Club Bombshell)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So in this video， I also open a girl on the dance floor。 Okay。

 and the same principles apply as infield number two， where I go in with high intensity。 Okay。

 you'll see me just go straight line to the girl and pretty much say， oh。

 don't fucking go over there。 like it's really intense。

 It kind of snaps her out of the haze of the dance floor。 talk to her shortly， And then， of course。

 move her somewhere where I can get to work。 and with this interaction as well。

 the same as the second infield。 the the whole first half of the interaction， if you will。

 is me just fucking around， like you know， joking pumping my stay pumping her state。

 like just really us ski along。 And then from there， okay， it's like you have to ask yourself。

 how can I make this happen。 Okay now in the previous one fit infield too。

 I got the number because it was the first part of the night。 And this one here。

 it's the second part of the night。 And you know， the girls's pretty much ready know in her goal of the night out to have the climax moment。

 if you will。And instead of getting this girl's number， I actually take her out of the club。

 bring her back to my place where， you know， the magic happens， so let's crack into it。🎼Hey。

 don't fucking go over there。 Who are you。That's the place。🎼I feel the bathroom up。これはね。么点。快点。🎼Yeah。

🎼。🎼对。🎼Probably no， I just got back from here。 where you fun。I was born here， but like my。

ItThat off from Italy and Austria。Okay， and once again you don't need any reason I'm like she's like。

 oh， blah， blala， I'm like， come， pick her up， bounce her somewhere I can get to work。🎼希外的。🎼走走死不过。

You're so funny here。He hates me， he's like， fuckuck that， go wait。Julian， it's the guy's name。

How old are you？I didn't。Actually you can go if you want， if I'm sorry。🎼I thought you were younger。

 you can go。Even with the pushes， too， they don't have to logically make sense。 You know。

'm like how oldary she's like， I'm 23。 I'm like， too old。 you can go。 Okay， it doesn't make sense。

 It's just like， being playfully provocative。 Okay， it's like， you know， little playful challenges。

 This is flirting 101， if you will。😊，🎼O，谢谢。It doesn't even fight for me。Would you like to hear。

I have a girlfriend and two kids you I have I just broke up with my boyfriend who I have a one and a half year old on January 3rd。

 so I've been sitting for like a week and a half。Well one and a half so 8 months。So basically here。

 you know， every time I'd go with， oh and he would be telling girls like， you know， I， I have a son。

 I have kids， you know， I have a girlfriend cause he does。 And this one。

 I just thought it'd be funny。 I'm like， I want to say that too。 So for selfmusment purposes。

 I pretty much say like yes， I have a kid as well。 You know， girlfriend。 And again。

 you don't have to say this to get the girl。 It's just my sense of humor。 Okay。

 but it turns out that she actually has a son as well。

 I be my kid is hotter as a guy girl or What's his name a make。😊，🎼分散。I love you。 I hate you。

 I can't believe you have kids too。I'm pretty cool。A hobby is late。Mary me。Wait， are you away。

 you live in LA then， right？Well， right now I'm from Newport Beach from Moore County。

 but I'm living right now like 15 minutes from downtown LA。🎼We Hollywood。

I'm living right now for free at the place of staying， so I'm like， I don't know。

I had a condo in Newport Beach and then I sold it I was like。It is so nice to meet you。

 I hope you have the best I activity you will。It's like the patronizing dog pad。

nice little doggy have fun tonight， Are you being serious？Are you sober， Yeah why？Yes。

You're straight edge so you don't drink or do any drugs。Propression。

only good you're lucky I have this sense of humor， a great one， I'm very lucky I have a son。Yeah。W。

 what are you trying to stay and if you didn't， you would fucking hate on the fact that I have one Well things like my son gave me a few pounds。

I know， so that's why if I was like my shape as before， yeah， I did you I was a fucking Ting。

I have my baby。梁文条人。Oh my god。I don't judge yourself I can appreciate that I don't care I can have a fucking baby and she'll be hard。

I'm still talking to you， I love you， what's my name？I have no same here， what's your name？肉眼。Soy。

 why do you love me someone？🎼我上记得。🎼Why do you love me so much？Because you're cute and you know it。

I'm very shy， I never talked to girls。CouldI swear in hear mother irrelevanty，y， irrelevant。

I never do it you never care to the next room okay。

 I have a little bit experience because I practice on my sister growing up。So that's it。

 that's all I got。Where。Not a shitty American kiss， a real kiss。Okay。系。Is that really a real name？

ま yes。What's your real real name？That's my name if that okay， you were really named。

I probably not taught to you because your parents want to you very inbred。

So she basically told me the most ridiculous name。 Okay， so I'm like， what the fuck， I'm like。

 what's your real name， And I just keep plowing through。

 And I would not want my kids to be around that。 So what is your real name。

Are you serious Yeah I'm serious， how that think I'm serious humor so I'm serious。

 what's your real name？Yeah。For all my friend， everyone， my nickname since I've been like 17。

W it's a fucking。Tori I telling to you sometimes it's hilarious me。Bernardo。Bernardo， that's it。

 Bernardo。🎼Just make that up on the。That's pretty like you， not that bad。YouTo your goal。

 your personality。I'm just very chill， I I'm like the regular American like， hey， what's your name。

 where are you from， what do you do where do you live？How about your rose， and take out to dinner。

🎼Can I for night Sael。 Oh my god。That's me。People call he Jane， blame Jane。Is it， really。

I can believe that girl playing very serious with a embarrassing like that and actually girlfriend。

Yeah。I'm too shy， I'm sorry。You're how shy you carry。And here。I I don't carry。Oh。

 it because I was so drunk， I was like。said you were sober， Yeah， I'm an asshole。あ。It was up really。

🎼猪肉演的。🎼好嘞。🎼It's friends， Judy。I live in LA right now。We're in LA？Thanks to Roosevelt， after party。

 come。Bang， and here I'm like， after party come。 And this is the， again。

 the moment in the interaction where it shifts from， oh， fun， fun， fun。

 just building the vibe getting along to。 Let's make this happen。 So I'm like next to the Roosevelt。

 after party， let's go。😊，🎼，He your friends say you have you have the bathroom。I was， okay。

 I picked up one girl， that's the only girl I'm McClle with。

 I'm here with like 30 people was the only bitch I'm Mccole for is the one who I picked up。

🎼So here she's gonna give you basically her， you know， excuses。 She's like， listen。

 I'm here with a friend。 Okay， as soon as you say after party， I just pause。

 and I see what she throws at me。 So I know right now she's with one friend。

 And if I want to bring her back to say my place， You know。

 I'm gonna to have to take care of a friend。 be be it throw her on one of my friends or make sure she's cool to just go home alone。

 you know， you're gonna have to deal with that。 I have a friend of me。 throw on。

Trow your girl on my friend。美女。My friendy， hey， or girl or。

Just tell her to go home and come now to the after party， don't embarrass me though。

 you don't have to come but it would be cool。Otherwise I just walk in。

You can grab another girl from the dance floor and pull her。I have no doubt in my mind that you will。

I will， but I love you。I just feel like we had a special connection like guys saw on you inside of me right now。

That was still good， wasn't it。Are you getting sex， I know that's a very hot question。

I'm new to love。You're so funny。哎y。After party， Okay， yeah， let's say numbers， no。

I don't see numbers。So here she's like， okay， let's trade numbers。

 And you'll get this sometimes She're like， hey， after party。 let's go and she's like， no， no。

 take my number。 Okay， And the reason I say no here is because I want leverage for her to come with me。

 Okay， if I give her my number， there's less incentive because she's like， well。

 I can go home with him now or I can just text him and we can hang out some other time。 Here。

 I want it to be， you go to the after party， we have an amazing time where you'll never see me again。

 Okay， now there's a lot more incentive， a lot more leverage for her to come with me。😊。

That makes me sound like a super asshole。I do numbers if I really like the person。

AK come to the after party， nothing else to happen just hang out and then leave。Wheres that money？

Next to Ronat， rooftop， there's like a building behind the Chinese theater rooftop。Come now with me。

Right， adventure。 you can live your little boring life in orangerange County or what costs my car is by the W。

 so here I'm like adventure， bring out the adventureous side。 And I keep saying now。 Okay。

 you have to add a sense of urgency as well。 You have to say things like after party。

 let's go for drinks。 Let's go watch a movie， basically give her logical reasons。

 So she doesn't feel like a slut， basically， we call this taking the responsibility off of the girl。

 And at the same time， adding a sense of urgency where it has to happen now。 It's like。

 we have to do it now。 if you don't come， I'll go get another girl。 now， Okay， and I keep doing this。

 And then she comes up with you know， the other excuse， which is my car。

 So she's here with her friend and her car is by the W hotel。

 So those are the two things you're gonna have to deal with。 irrelevant。 We can。😊，等这说的我。Yeah。

Adventure， maybe yourre boring life for adventure， can do it。我开。Ba girly listen。

 what do you have to do， you have your car if anything is like bounce out。

It's already fucking almost 2 am。m where it's going to close， so come on。My friends are there。

 don't embarras me。はいはいはい。No。EvenI have to， I came with her。Leave now。Hey， find your friend。

 I'll get you now。You're called。Again can just leave the girl who drove text her say you'll pick up in 20 minutes。

Where is this。And we start walking towards the exit。Now， at this point， okay， I gave her， I'm like。

 oh， throw your friend on my friend。 We can find your friend T。 We can walk there。

 You have your car after party rooftop。 It's kind of all over the place。

 But it's enough for her to start walking towards the exit with me。

 It's not enough necessarily for her to leave maybe the club or to come all the way back to my place。

 But it's enough to start， You know， just taking one step in that direction。 Okay。

 and that's all you should be thinking， how can I get this girl one step closer。

 And once you're there， deal with the next step， So on and so forth。 So for here， I'm like， yep。

 all good。 let's keep going。😊，🎼Right next。Exter， hey， Exer。You will lose me forever， texter here。

Text her， you will lose me forever so she sees her friend I'm like， no no， no， text her， text her。

 you will lose me forever， come， come come while I'm leaving and she just ignores her friend and starts。

 you know， walking out with me。You go back to the boring LA life otherwise。

You can always text her song， we can always come pick her up， we can grab the car， hey hey。

 we can grab the car， come back here， pick her up， go to the after party。Okay。And there you have it。

 okay， it's like listen。We can grab the car， takes care of the car。 We can come back here。

 pick her up， Take， takes care of the friend， and then we can go to the after party。

 So she doesn't feel like a slut or judged。 And she's like， O， You know， it's like。

 what do you have to lose， You reach that point where she has nothing to lose。

 And that's when she'll do it。Now that there is enough for her to leave the club with me and then of course。

 once I'm out， then it's like deal with that， it's like don't go get the car。

 don't go get the friend， just try to get her back to your place for the after party。傻边那个。

I really don't care， I have a girlfriend， she's waiting for me at home。Either way。

 you're fucking crazy， I know。🎼I没阿そ。Get it。拜系点样咯。Carry on love。WHe was the bouncer that was。Table。

You look different outside， never mind， you can go actually nice meet you。

I'm I still love you a little bit。I。Maybe not come No it doesn't deserve it like it's like giving you know a treat to a dog。

Oh what。I thought。ま。I doubt it， I don't judge my money。I judge my love。

 I judge my true intentions You better kiss my ass a little bit for that fucking girl hey。

 that fucking comment I'm sorry be disrespected。I' let you know。Dog。あこ。I'm talking。Girlfriend。

 so notice here're in the vibe of the interaction， even though we're outside of the club。

 I keep the fun going。 Okay， and this is key。 I see this all the time。 guysys are like fun， fun fun。

 They finally get the girl out and then they're just quiet。 And they're like。

 so or they're walking and just dies。 if the party dies。 you're done。 it's like out of the club。

 still keep moving it forward and keep the fucking fun going。 Maybe my girlfriend。 Okay， listen。😊。

You mean be your other girlfriend。 Yeah， you don't want to Of course they do。 Okay， listen no。

 this is the deal like I do have kids said you I I do live with my girlfriend but hey。

 listen listen Okay， I don't sleep with her though。Not anymore。So。I do want to see you again。

I wouldn't be like an asshole to on her otherwise because I actually do respect the woman I'm with even though you just called me a dog in front of life I was fucking with youy you pushed on that you were like I have to be respect in the public。

h like that。You did it， you put it on me， you put the fucking spotlight on me。

 what do you want me to do？So what about you， who are you with， no one？A single mom lo， desperate。

 the kid and the ghetto。To desperate to you， yes。Okay then her。I would ask， I'm fuck kiss it。

F did you sit again， no fight， no fight。No， do I， I'm fully desperate。

I know obviously you have a lot of bullshit you're trying to pull I know Hey baby I mean let me tell you secret baby。

 you're too cute to have all that bullshit attached to you so let you know you just got tota be a little bit more real。

And won't I get bored。it is if I was so to talking to give the tip， I'd be like I a fuck。

 okay I try to be drunk I' be like， oh my god， look at the green， look at the red light。

 Have you even listening to this conversation， Ire him， ignorere him girl。😊，ignorere him Well。

 why is he Do you know him No fuck no Okay， ignore him's like keep on the street。

 So she sees like my friend following I'm like， no， ignore him， ignore him。 She's like。

 do you know him'm like， no， no， no， just drunk people in the street。

Who cares Oh my God I just like left my friend You can text her like okay。

 I've been not only three times in the past what I respect you have three seconds across put his like arm around me and I was like I don't。

The fuck's going on and then next my fun girl。Now， an actual drunk person in the street shows up and this guy here kind of just。

 you know， jumps in the conversation a bit。 Now when that happens， remember， just stay grounded。

 don't react。 Okay， it's all good like this guy， you know， the girls not gonna go for this guy。

 He's no threat， if you will。 He doesn't have any。 him。 just some drunk guy。

 So pretty much just ignore him I dont even acknowledge him that much yeah， just whatever。

 just act like he's not there。 Okay if you overreact， like even someone like this。

 say drunk at the end of the night。 if you acknowledge him too much。

 it actually lowers your value in her eyes because he has enough value if you will to enter your you know。

 selective focus ideally， should soul of value don't even notice his existence as harsh as that sounds。

lar funny。C join me join the fog。Join the fun， yeah。哈哈。😊，Do it， do it。

Be kid if I'm going to do anything， I'm going to go at Julia I'm not that shitty of Julian。や。

You know it Okay where know its your car girl not I love you girl you likelessless like a shit fly。

 So why do you love me then。Ignore it， ignore it。So why do you love me so much I don't you dude That's name。

It starts of an A， right？Bernardo。ude I am so bad with I' not I know it's hair color Actually。

 I was totally blond you believe that now because I like my eyebrower if I bched eyebrow that looks here as I like。

Hey。Okay。You hear very strange， not really， you're pretty like got Minbread。

Don't embarrass me say next to the Roosevelt， Why did you not want me to grab my friend understand。

Because I'm a dick。Well， obviously， she's gonna be like kind of upset。 relevant fucking。

 Why is that irrelevant。 I'm probably never gonna see you again after night。 you live in。

 I No what is this I'm calling my friend。 I got I'm leaving you No， no no， that's fucked up。

 I drove her here。 I have to tell her I'm leaving with you。 That's fucked up。 next to Roosevelt。

 she can come， so up until now， I'm pretty much just telling her like ignore your friend。 know。

 don't call her。 it's pretty much like I was asking myself what's the easiest way。

 basically not involve the friend at all。 if I can just get her to just not the friend it's a lot easier come come come don't call And at this point here。

 you see her like you know， it turns serious。 Shes like， no， I have to call my friend。

 whenever you get anything serious。 then you stop I'm like fine call your friend。

 I still give the fun going。 It's all good doesn't mean the interactions over。

 just means she has to call her friend。 Now， fortunately， however， her friend doesn't answer。

 And she text her friend and it's all good。I'm not okay with that just fucking leaving。

 she's going to be fucking pissed。Probably but she is she's be fucking just dontbarss me， okay。

 please， a， just dont embarrass me， be as cool as you can be。Ebarrass me， I will literally be sad。

Yeah， you know why because you dragged her away， I dragged you away。

This is worse than fucking New York， ay。You want to in next me as I wait in the street like a dog。

I'm not going to stand in the fucking street whoa can I see something it's snow。

 it's very important I just need to see， oh my God wow。Well， look I'm a gentleman after you。

We're going like two streets over if you want man， it's like what the fuck're from this guy over next to Roosevelt it's like left so my buddy's like oh where you guys going。

 we like split a cab I'm like sure bro， come on in and we all get in the cab。Now。

 once we get in the cab， remember， the plan is to get her car。 So she's like。

 we're going two streets over。 And I'm like， no， no， no， Roosevelt， Roosevelt。

 And and then you'll see you'd be like fine， you know， at some point， she's like， fine。

 we'll go to your after party。 Okay， but I wait till I'm in the cab。 It's like， again。

 every little step。 You deal with the situation then and there。 Don't get ahead of yourself。

 Don't get psyched out。 Just focus on one step closer。 one step closer。😊。

And then you're going to go right Roosevel Roosevelt Ca it back girl。

 we I just want' to say I have the F right next to Roosevelt。

So what good fuck this is I can't believe you just fucking picked me up in the middle of the danceco and carried。

Yeah。I hate you hey I didn't pick up like that I was actually like， hey， what's up。

 you're so beautiful oh my god。You just week the club。

 you make the lighting of the club Well I was the fucking girl dancing right over everybody why didn't you dance didn't you dance because I was another girl。

Yeah， I'm I'm not， I'm not， I have a kid。I'm a real man。I don't care。特急ですね。开。

Gras me from the weird guy and the fucking cab guy。Did I lose that branch？快快点。I hope you didn't。

Oh my god。That brushes my Whyhy did you dye your hair blonde， probably left it？My car。

That fucking sucks。It's all good No， a， straight， straight， straight。Com why do you do this to me？

Okay， fine， we'll go to here after party I mean what better you have to do hang with like Hollywood juice bags？

Re' tearing my car because okay， I guess like where I parked my car， the guy was like， oh， well。

 technically you're only allowed to park it there till two o'clock and then I was like。

 they always say that you're good to go Oh I'm just going fucking。Come back later and he's like。

 oh well， if you want to stay later then you can just leave it here and I promise it'll be okay but I was like。

 okay， so I just left it on fucking vine and。Whatever that straightest call that starts with an S I so grosss。

 by the way， what are you do in？Nothing。My hair， my hair is fucking。you see to the top as well。看不到。

I'm na， I'm sorry， I'm sorry。You dude I've fucking dancing all night all right。

 like since since 1030， I've been fucking dancing my ass off because that's supposed to make me more attractive。

I don't really know what it's supposed to is like supposed to be a good excuse all I'm picturing now it's like on picturing is like more sweat。

And just she your hair but well if this is how bad I look after dancing all night。

 you should be pretty fucking happy Hey， I'll be talking to you otherwise。I love you。

 I think you're the one。 like the movie towilight。I'm sorry， I'm really sorry。I'm sorry。

You're very strange thank you， it means a lot to me。I love your eyes， by the way。I really do。

You're welcome。It， actually， we're here too。So， again， notice how even in the cab as well。

 I'm cracking jokes。 I can me the party going。 And I'm actually so into cracking jokes。

 I forget to say， you know， stop to the cab driver and forging my budd's like， oh， just stop here。

 So the cab starts， stops。 And I'm like， oh， shit。 We're here as well。 And we all get out。😊，可。Yeah。

I'm actually serious though， you're not that bad as a person。As a girlfriend。However。

 I bet your kid' like a little asshole。He'd be my kid up more like the mineine's like super nice。

Mine is like smiling， nice。I have a picture but like on my older phone， so I don't have one on me。

But no， he's like。Is your kid blonde？No， he's been。I can't never mind。

 I never want to see him I never want to meet him。I would never introduce you I'd be a perfect influence。

 Oh yeah fucking guy who wanted let me goodbye to my friend great influence Hey I was a romantic Hollywood。

 you know， gentleman like hey girl， you want me to a drink and you were like， no， I was like， okay。

 my own。 I was like so you want to go you want me to buy rose，re like no。

 okay you So you I don't deserve remember those， I remember。

 what I is like you're not a Hollywood dog。 So you don't deserve it。 you。😊，H。I just feel like safer。

Fuck out of here then go。Can please take a taxi。Be friendri， you feel like God this not funny。F， go。

'stop funny。I'mking I think that you're the one keep I know I don't know the difference。

 I'm from Newport Beach Okay， I'm from heaven I'm from heaven。 I'm from heaven you know。

 not very much， but a little bit。 Okay， I had doubt that。

know a little bit of respect there than Okay here， fine。Newport， yeah， Laguna， there's a show。

 actually， there's a show， there's a show Newport Beach。No， the OC。

 the OC always think to become a blonde。like shit， I'm fucking so over it。

I seriously am so over lose shit， come here， shit， come here。

Wellhy do you got my hand then Im'm just fucking。I'm sorry， I'm sorry， I'm sorry。自己。Girlfriend。

 it's all， it all sounds the same to me why dad me。

Why why do you tell me that was like sad that's what everyone calls me no one knows my fucking real name he's joking why？

You sound like a porn star an escort。点啦。LikeI give him my real name sometimes。孩子。

I think you're too self conscious， I doubt all that many guys are looking you up。

I seriously thought it crazy you don't understand you have a kid。

You have a kid and I'm hot than most of thees that don't have a kid my girlfriend's actually hotter after two kids。

Yeah，hu my God before I had to be。I actually believe it because actually gets like it gets really bad。

So here I am。 I go in the apartment and again， the camera guy just walks in as well。 I'm like。

 oh shit， like this is just like so weird。 It's like you have this dude who like follows you out of the club。

 follows you into the taxi gets out the same spot， follows you up to the apartment。

 gets in the apartment。 And and up until now again， she's really， I mean。

 she hasn't even really noticed it。 It's just like fun， fun， fun， fun， fun。 It's all good。 You know。

 her focus is on me in here I tell her I'm like， hey， listen， listen， what the fuck guy doing here。

 Let's just go up to the rooftop grab a drink or fast Ditch the guy。😊。

going to do stop grab a drink go which。lit my friend lives here yeah。爱睡就去总吃。Second that girl。

You're so weird， why it's just soive。Yeah。I remember this part too。 again in the elevator。

 I press 10 and right at right when I press 10。 he looks at me like， oh， press 10， please。

 I just like， oh my God。 So immediately then I just quickly put her in the corner of the elevator start making out。

 it's like， get our attention off the whole situation。 And it's all good。

 don't fucking live your too do you。😊，ぱぱ。哎。Yeah啊。I think of friends， but I see yourla hearing。

Well youve actually threw up on you？Fucking kick you in the balls you would me okay。

 not the first night I met you destroy a connection。Just that I don't know it hasn't happened。

 so I can't tell you。 Okay， what if I sunny transform So's like this fat bald， eight year old guy。

 would you still let me all the。那会来东西。You from something。uck stalkers， I'm not joking。

So there you have it。 I mean， this is how， again， most one night stands look like。 You know。

 it's like， I go in。 It's same dynamic。 It's like I go in， F around， build the fun。 Okay， it's like。

 we realize we both have chemistry。 You both get along and then from there。 You have to ask yourself。

 how can I make this happen。 Okay， it's not just gonna naturally happen。😊。

And remember what we talked about。 it's like， give her the logical excuses she needs， you know。

 like afterpart。 you know， we're just gonna go for like a drink on a rooftop to feel comfortable and not feel like a slut。

 So like， okay， listen to what she's saying in terms of her， you know， objections or excuses。

 My friend， my car find a way to take care of those。 always try to make it， you know。

 easier than complicated。 Like if you don't have to involve with the friend。

 Don't fucking involve the friends。 Just think， how can I get her one step closer。

 Once you get her out， keep the fun going。 And and it's all good。 You know， it's like。

 here we arrive。 And even though I said afterpart， it's clear。

 in both parties that there is no afterpart， it's on from the start。

 we establish that in the chemistry， you know， section of the interaction and。There you have it。

