# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：7.失落的篇章-自爱_7. Lost Chapter - Self-Love：25结语-最后的想法_25. Epilogue - Final Thoughts【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So there you have it。 okay， I mean， it's just really all fucking there。

 Just fucking go all out at this point。 Okay， you really have no excuse。

 make this product your friend， okay， we talked about this before with books and videos。

 you know the good ones the ones you can just really get a fuck on of value of you read them again。

 watch them again make those your fucking friend， make this product your friend okay rewatch it many times and just until it's like fully internalized and just installed and your fucking mind and even then just keep fucking rewatching this okay like this is a resource that'll just never grow old and even when you're on your fucking deathbed you can watch and it'll remind you of all this or just remind you of the glory that you achieved by following this fucking process okay and go all out okay like really really hustle again。

 you want this。No one's going to do this for you just go out and fucking take it okay like really just go out and take it and if you want some extra leverage on that level to realize that all the time you're going to invest into really you know changing who you are and expanding into a better person。

 you could be investing it。In achieving any other thing。 Okay。

 so if you're gonna spend all this time doing this， make it fucking worth it。 Okay。

 go fucking all out。 and don't do it for the glory either。's a little side note。 you know。

 a lot of guys do this to seem cool or they think they're gonna get like pats on the back。 like。

 oh did I do well， or if they do well， they're like， man。

 I wonder what all my friends are going think of me once they see the new me or what everyone's gonna say。

 you know， they're gonna congratulate me boy realize， you know。

 the better you become is no one gives a fuck。 Okay， no one gives a fuck if you suck。

 no one gives a fuck if you make it。 Okay， this is just really for you。

 like the glory is in the work that no one fucking knows about but yourself。 so again。

 let go of that， just from the start。 just start being proud of yourself。 You don't need anyone else。

 Okay， you don't depend on anything external。 you don't need the fucking validation。

From people around you that way。 And lastly， what I would say too is remember。

 this isn't just about becoming good with women。 This is what becoming good with women will make of you。

 Okay， it's about the internal changes that will happen when you， when you follow this fucking path。

 Okay， it's not just about the fucking girls。 It's not about what you get。 It's about who you become。

Okay， so again， just go all out， follow this to the letter and。Again。

 you can't imagine I was going to change your life， Okay， good luck。

