# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：4.转向增长_4. Shifting to Growth：16向你的推荐人学习_16. Learning From Your References【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， although there are an infinite amount of tries。 you can keep trying as many times as you like。

 You can keep fucking up as many times as you like。

 you still have to play it smart and learn from your reference experiences。

 and this here is part 3 to it all。 Part 1， you have to break down your references。 Part 2。

 you have to interpret your references and part 3， you have to fucking learn from your references。

 Okay， don't just keep doing the same thing over and over and over again。

 making the same mistakes again and again and again， like I see so many fucking guys doing。 I mean。

 it's just insane。 My favorite example of this is a guy who breaks out of his comfort zone for the first time approaching a woman。

 Okay， let's just say he's never approached a woman before。 He's like， okay， I'm gonna do this。

He has that little anxiety。 You know his emotions kind of going against him， but he's like， nope。

 I'm gonna take right action and just break out of my comfort zone。

 and he does it and he approaches a woman。 Okay now he keeps doing that。 And with time。

 he'll start getting used to that。 And after a while， he tells himself， okay， well。

 I'm used to just going up and approaching a girl。 let's amp it up， know。

 I kind of feel like this is my comfort zone now。 So let's approach instead of just one girl。

 let's approach two girls gets used to that， then three girls， four girls gets used to that。

 he's like， okay， well how can I spice things up a bit more。 let's approach you know。

 groups of girls and guys， starts doing that and gets used to that。 So he's like， okay， well。

 how can I keep aping it up， know， maybe if I say some crazier things。

 maybe if I do some crazier things。 and he just keeps doing crazier and crazier things， you know。

 breaking out of his comfort zone。 Yes， thinking that at some point。

 just by ampping up the craziness。 you know the extreme things。 he's going to become good。

 even though there's clear evidence of his。ult just not improving and I'll see guys come up to me in my seminars they' like。

 hey， Julian。So I can do all this。 I can approach these crazy groups of guys and girls。

 and I can do all this crazy shit。 but nothing's happening。 You know。

 I need a craz or fucking thing to do。 And I'm like， dude， no， okay， sure， your persist。 Sure。

 you're pushing yourself。 but you're not pushing yourself in a smart way。 Okay。

 and this here is the difference between stubborn persistence and adaptable persistence。

 you have to play it smart。 Okay， pushing yourself isn't going to help if it's not productive。 Okay。

 and that there is stubborn persistence。 And it really is just fucking death。 Okay。

 stubborn persistence is like you banging your head against a wall over and over and over again。

 just harder and harder and harder。 hoping that at some point， you're just gonna break through。

 it's like the guy just doing the crazier and crazier and crazier thing。

 hoping that some point just gonna magically get good。 Okay， instead。

 why not just walk around the wall。 Okay， for persistence to work。

 you need to apply it with intelligence。 and you need to persist in an adaptable。W， okay。

 if what you're doing is not working， switch things up。 Okay。

 don't just keep doing the same thing fucking over and over again。 I mean， once again。

 that's the definition of fucking insanity。😡，Now， as a side note。

 breaking out of your comfort zone is good。 Okay， you have to do crazy things that you're not used to doing yet。

 And you should keep doing those crazier and crazier things as long as you're still progressing。

 However， once you notice your results stagnating， switch things up。

 don't just keep doing the fucking same thing。 at that point， you may want to slow it down。

 guys will also do this in an interaction。 where they focus on getting the girl attracted。

 they go in and they're like， oh， she's attracted。 I want her more attracted， more attracted。

 more attracted。 instead of getting her attracted。 and then switching things up and moving the interaction forward towards sex。

 for example， Okay， too much of something is always bad。

 Another one that comes to mind too is you know， if I'm on。Live program。 I' have clients。

 They'll come up to me at the end of the night。 I'm like， dude， stick on that girl。

 have a long interaction， try to make something happen。 And they're like， no， no， no。

 I want to keep opening。 And I'm like， what would you learn more from， Okay， opening more girls。

 which we've been doing all night or committing to a girl。

 having a longer interaction in focusing on pulling。😊，OkayAnd they're like， oh I guess you're right。

 Okay， switch things up。 Now， doing this can be tough。 as we've discussed before。

 where I was trying to find comfort in everything and funny enough。

 if you're that guy doing the crazier and crazier and crazier thing。

 You may think you're continuously， just breaking out of your comfort zone。 You're like， hey。

 I'm pushing myself。 You know， I'm going against my emotions。 I'm taking right action。

 but in a reality， doing the next crazy thing has become your new comfort zone。

 you're just used to doing the crazier and crazier thing。

 and it'll be a lot harder for you to actually slow things down。

 the same with the guy is always trying to spike attraction。

 it'll be a lot harder for him to stop doing that and just move the interaction forward。

 and you may even know deep down inside like shit man。

 my results are stagnating and your mind plays tricks on you And you're like， no， it's fine。

 Just keep pushing forward because guess what， you're stagnating change is not happening。

 So you're happy， deep down inside。 and it's just a lot easier to fucking rationalize。😊。

Feeling good about yourself。 You're like， hey， I'm still taking action。

 but I'm also still remaining the same。 Hell yeah。 Go where it's uncomfortable。 work on your flaws。

 Okay， work on the stuff you're not used to doing and on the stuff you don't do well yet。 okay。

 if you're the guy who just keeps doing the crazier and crazier and crazier thing。

 You're used to doing that。 And I'm sure you do it pretty fucking well。 Okay。

 if someone gives you another crazy thing to do。 you'll do it well。 Okay。

 if you're the guy who just spikes the traction， you're used to doing that。

 And I'm also sure you do it pretty fucking well。 Okay， but I want you to switch away from that。

 and focus on the shit， you don't do well。 Okay， and it's gonna be tough。

 and you're not gonna want to do it， but you have to。 okay。

 it's like a guy who say you go to the gym。And you just focus on your biceps and they grow until they stagnate and then you just want to keep doing the biceps because you're used to doing it and you do it well。

 every time you flex， you're like， fuck yeah， biceps baby。

 and you don't really want to switch things up and focus on other body parts where you have to take shitty little weights because you haven't really worked on them。

 but this is what you have to do。 you do the crazy thing， you're used to it， it's like the biceps。

 It's good。 you know how to do that now， switch it up。 round out your game。

 round out your fucking personality。 now to do this too， as always。

 you're gonna have to let go of your ego because the more you do something。

 the more you're invested in it， and the more your ego is on the line。

 if you're trying to do the crazier and crazier and crazier thing。

 and you spend a long time doing that， you're like holy shit。 I mean。

 I've worked this hard for this long。 I'm not just gonna give up。 I've invested way too much。

 I put too much time effort， fucking energy in this shit。

 I'm gonna make it work and then your egos attached to it。

Okay and you're not willing to reevaluate your strategy。 you're not willing to admit。

 it may be flawed， but you have to okay， let go of your fucking ego。

 never get emotionally attached to a certain way of doing things because oftentimes too。

 you're gonna to start building a certain foundation only to realize later on that it's flawed and that it's weak and you're gonna have to give that all up and go back to square1。

 now you're gonna catch up fast to where you were at and then you'll move past it。

 but in order to progress， a lot of the time you're gonna have to go backwards。

 it's like if you start off with drinking。 a lot of guys will do this。 they're like， oh man。

 I'm too scared， know I can't handle the emotional trauma and they start drinking and taking action。

 now they'll progress a little bit they will they're getting references but at some point they're going to stagnate you can't fully make a shift know and get this handled achieve core confidence if you drink so they hit a roadblock Now in order to move past that。

 they're gonna have to stop drinking。They're gonna to have to switch things up。 However。

 when they stop drinking， they go back to square1。 okay and the results just suck。

 and a lot of guys just can't do that。 They've invested too much。 They egos on the line。

 They like the results they're getting here。 even though it's not up here。

 like this is good enough and they can't just admit like fuck。My strategy is flawed。

I'm just going to give this all up， go back to square one， build it up the right way， sober。

 and move past that。and you're gonna have to do this a lot。 It's like learning guitar。

 I played guitar since I was 8。 And I remember the first time I started learning how to play guitar with a pick。

 I learned the downstroke。 it's where you go down。 And you learn how to play all your songs like that。

 And I got pretty good。 And then after a while， they're like okay now you're gonna have to learn how to go down and up。

 And I remember I just sucked。 I was like fuck this， I just want to keep playing my songs going down。

 I just play it way better。 And it's the same here， you stagnated and order to keep on going up。

 you have to go down。 it's like play songs like shit， just master the down up， down up down up。

 But guess what， once you get used to it， you can play a lot faster。 and you progress beyond that。

 And remember to think long term as well。 say you're the guy who drinks your results may temporarily suck。

 but not drinking。 and going through that little phase of temporarily sucking is gonna be more beneficial to you in the long run。

Okay so you may not do well for a little bit， but you will succeed and be openminded to suggestions。

 feedback， criticism as well， okay from others， but also from yourself。

 we tend to block off you know anything that just makes us question what we're doing okay but again。

 let go of your fucking ego when you have to put in question what you're doing， that is good。

 I remember when I first started traveling and doing my world tours。

 I'd spent two years going out with Owen in Los Angeles。 wed go out pretty much every night。

 you know， interacting with women together。 and I first started traveling and I was gone for like two。

 three months。 and when I went back to Los Angeles and saw him。Because we were apart for two。

 three months， Our game， if you will， kind of progressed differently。 Okay And when we met it。

 I saw him。 and I was like， oh， shit is what he he's doing is it better than what I'm doing。

 and the same thing happened to him and we started both questioning where we were doing。

 And for a little while， My game kind of went to shit。 like fuck， this sucks。

 Why am I questioning it。 I should have just kept doing what I've been doing。

 But because it sucked for a bit。 when I then reconstructed it。

 when I built it back up on a more solid foundation， I just killed it way more than before。

 and then it just pretty much became a tradition。 every time I travel， I'd come back。

 our games would be different， know Request everything， get better， so on and so forth。

 a couple last things realized that a lot of game is getting rid of bad habits。

 we talked about before， be aware of your unconscious habits。 Okay， for example。

 you may be interacting with women and talking in a tryingrine for a poor tonality for your voice goes up at the end。

Trying a little too hard。 Like， hey， oh， you do that。 really， Okay， that's bad。

 You're gonna have to switch that to break and rapport。 Okay， now this is not hard to do。

 People always ask me like， oh my God， how do you do break and rapport。

 Your voice just goes down at the end。 You just talk normal like you would to a friend Like I'm talking to you now。

 it's not physically hard to do What's hard to do is unwire the bad habit of trying for a poor Okay。

 now how do you do that， Simply by being aware of it。

 Every time you catch yourself trying for a poor， be like， oh， fuck。Break and rapport。

 and then with time， okay time and awareness， it'll correct itself。OkayAnd realize， too。

 that with habits， you can't fully get rid of them。 Okay。

 you can't just get rid of any fucking habit， but you can replace them。 Okay。

 and start thinking that way too。 For example， another bad habit that guys have is that they you know。

 leave interactions way too early。 as soon as things kind of die down a bit instead of persisting through and flipping it around because interactions do go up and down。

 That's normal and be boring， otherwise feels just well all the way through。

 But instead of sticking through， they just leave， they just keep fucking leaving。

 So that's a bad habit how do you get rid of it， simply replace that habit with moving the girl around instead done every time you feel that urge to just leave just be。

 hey， let's go over here for a bit。 Hey， let's go over here。 Hey， come me my friends。

 Hey let's go get some fucking water。 so keep that in mind， and lastly。

 don't take everything you hear or everything I say dogmatically。

 this will happen where guys will look up， know， infield footage online。And I mean。

 an example I love is I have a little clip on YouTube where I walk up to a girl。

 she's on her phone and I'm like， hey， get off the phone。

 get off the phone and she gets off the phone Okay now a guy will see this he's like hmm。

I saw Julian do it。 If Julian says to say， get off the phone， it must work。

 And they walk up to a girl。 And they're like， get off the phone。 And she's like， what the fuck。

 And they're like damn it， Why didn't it work， And they just keep doing the same thing over and over and over again。

 Okay， thinking that because I did it， because I said to do it at some point， by them just saying。

 get off the phone， It' just gonna work。 Okay， And what you have to realize here is that， yes。

 it works。 However， there are a lot of fucking subtleties to making it work。😡，Okay。

 it's what we talked about before。You could give a line to one person。

 You could give that same line to another person。 The results are going to be different。 Okay。

 there are a bunch of fucking variables。 There's what the person's feeling in the moment。

 There's what the girl is feeling in the moment。 There's the way the person says it。 For example。

 I could be like， hey， get off the phone。 It's different。 Then hey， get off the phone。

 One is projecting at the girl。 The other one's like， get off the phone。 Get off the phone。

 Get off the phone。Okay， there's a little subtlety there。 So try it out。

 But don't just think that because you heard it online， it's just gonna work for you。 Okay。

 try saying it with different subcommunications， Try saying it with different emotions。

 different tonality volume。 I mean， there's so many fucking variables。 Okay。

 so don't just take it dogmatically play around with it until you find the right mix of all the little variables that works for you。

😡。