# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：3.行动_3. Action：11启动_11. The Kickstart【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Field experience is king。 as I mentioned before， the only way to really change who you are。 know。

 to go from down here all the way to up here to becoming the best you can be。

 The only way to do that is through reference experiences。 there's no way around that。

 If you're down here， you want to go up here， you have to get all the little references needed to become that person。

 you can understand what game is。 you've watched the videos up to now。

 you should know very clearly what game is。 but that's not enough。

 you can understand how to go up and talk to a girl。

 you can even understand things like core confidence intellectually。 know exactly what it is。

 but for it to become part of who you are。 You need to live it。 you need to experience it firsthand。

 This here is knowledge， learn the hard way and remember this。

 there is no game without reference experiences。 And I really want to stress this point。 Okay。

 knowing about game and understand game is not enough。 Okay。

 guys think that just because they know about this whole success with women community。

 it's like I'm a part。Pick up。 They think they're just gonna magically transform and become good。

 You know， it's like， well， I know about it。 I'm a part of the whole movement。

 I you know I go online and I write on the forums。 I contribute a bit。 you know， ask a few questions。

 I'm， I'm part of the whole。 It's just a matter of time now， You know， I'm new to it。

 maybe in a couple years， if I'm still part of it， I'm just gonna miraculously change。 You know。

 And the answer， of course， is fuck no， Okay， other guys think that by understanding game。

 at some point， it's just gonna click and they're gonna kill it， too。 You know， it's like， well。😊。

I'm a part of pickup up， but I know that that's not enough。

 So if I just look up all these videos and I just really logically try to understand。

 you know all the different pieces of the puzzle， once I know it all。 and I clearly know it all。

 I'll be unstoppable。Okay，And the answer to that is， of course， no as well。 Okay。

 watching videos or reading articles or being a part of pickup isn't enough。

 That's not what changes you。 what changes you， yourre fucking actions。 you can't be passing this。

 You gotta go out。 You gotta take fucking action。 That's the only way you can change who you are。

 Okay， activity is what makes the change not just wisdom。 So in terms of actually doing this。 Okay。

 my recommendation to you is to just jump in。 start now。

 go out and get some references interacting with women。 Okay， even before finishing this product。

 even before finishing this video。 Okay， pause this video， literally and go out now。

 and I don't care if you don't know how yet， you're like， well， I don't know how to do it。

 Just try something。 Okay， get some references under your belt that we can work with。

 just go out on the street outside， know wherever you're watching this video。

 and just talk to girls for like 30 minutes。 just very， very short， get some references 30 minutes。

 This is your moment。 go。If you don't start now， if you haven't fully made up your mind yet。

 go rewatch the previous videos。 Okay， rewatch the previous videos， get your shit in check。 Okay。

 take on the right mindsets， be motivated， be realistic。 write down the benefits。

 know like why this is something worth doing， get leverage to do this。

 and just rewatch those fucking videos until you take action。 don't keep going。

 don't watch the next videos， rewatch the previous ones。

 And if they can't get you in headspace where you're like， okay， let's go fucking do this。

 where you can take action， know， and you can't follow what I'm saying to the fucking letter and just surrender to the instructions。

 my advice you is just fucking give up。 if you don't go out now。

 I don't know what the fuck you're doing here， give up your genes are not meant to be passed along。

 this is not for you。 if you can't get that shit in check。 So start fucking now。

 This here is really one of the big differences between guys who get good and guys who don't。

 their ability to just jump in to put themselves out there。

themselvesmsel into the fucking fire to jump into the unknown， if you will。 and doing it fucking now。

 Okay， like not putting it off， not coming up with excuses or rationalizations。

 they hear's something and they go go fucking test it。 Okay， when I hear something， I'm like， oh。

 let me go field test this immediately。 and by field test it， I mean， go out in the field。

 and get some references on my own。 Okay， if someone tells me， hey， this works。 or hey。

 you should try this out。 I'm not like， cool。 that sounds good。 I'll try it out in the future。

 I like， oh， let's just do it now， doesn't matter where I am doesn't matter what fucking time。

 I'm gonna find a way to do it as soon as fucking possible。 Okay。

 you have to implement this shit fast。 this whole like speed of implementation。

 this really is what determines how fast you become good。

 A lot of guys just take way too slow learning this shit because they just don't。Learn fast。

 They don't do it fucking now。 Okay， so do it now and also develop the ability of just doing it without the how to knowledge yet。

 you know， without me telling you exactly what or how to do it。😡。

And this here in my experience is the biggest excuse when it comes to jumping in and taking action and probably the first thing that went through your fucking mind when I told you pause this video now and go out。

 what do you probably think， But I don't know how yet， You know。

 I need the content beforehand to know how to do it right， and this is so key。

 Everyone wants to fucking do it right， Okay， and this is probably a question。

 you ask yourself every fucking day， am I doing it right。

 That's the first thing everyone thinks when they're like， hey， do this， am I doing it right。

 am I doing the task right， Am I living my life the right way， am I doing it right， Okay。

 that's like a question everyone fucking ask themselves。 And the way they cope with it。

 know it's like， okay， how am I going to do it right， I they read the manual beforehand。

 That's how they approach things in life。' like， okay， there's a certain task。

 there's a certain thing I want to do， Let me read the manual， Let me you know， do my research first。

 So I know how to just do it right I。Don't fuck up。 Okay， but with game， that shit doesn't work。

 Okay， if you believe that you can read the manual， like。

 I'm gonna read and learn enough theory beforehand。 so I can just start by doing it right。

 you are dead， fucking wrong。 realize that it's impossible to know how to do it right。

 without already having the reference experiences of doing it right。

 until you have the references succeeding。 You don't even know what succeeding is。 Okay。

 it's all just pure speculation until that point。 Okay， and this is what a lot of guys do。

 It's like they read all theory and they fucking speculate about what would work with women and what wouldn't。

 know， they theorize， they picture different scenarios and like。

 this bit of theory sounds a little bit out there。 Oh， this one a little less。 You know。

 I wonder what the right way is。 And you can't know without doing。😡，Okay， just like。

 you're just like mental。 this is like pure mental masturbation。 That's really what it is。 Okay。

 instead of just theorizing and speculating， just jump in and fucking find out。

Why waste all that time trying to find the right way。 Okay， nobody starts perfect。

 Don't even expect to start perfect。 Okay， expect to fuck up at first， Be realistic。 Okay。

 just do what you can and do the fucking best that you can。 Okay， and then just go from there。

And realize， too， that you're never going to not learn by taking action。

 you don't have to do it right to get value from that reference experience。 You know。

 guys willsy themselves out where they're like， oh my God， I need to master game。

 I need to master success with women before taking action。

 why so that when I do when I approach that first girl。

 I can just carry the interaction through all the way till sex。

 I don't make any mistakes and I succeed。 And because I succeeded。 And because I did it right。

 it was a positive reference， it was very valuable and it moved me one step closer to becoming who I want to become And this is similar to what we talked about before in terms of reading books。

 or people think that they need to read a book from start to finish to get value from it And guess what you still get value from the very first chapter。

 And the same applies to women。 You still get value from just going up and saying hi。

 You don't have to do it right and just carry the interaction all the way through to sex for it to be valuable you'll get more。

Value from a bunch of hellos than nothing。Okay， so build your way up。

 know it's those little bits that add up。 go out and just fucking try。 And even if you fuck up。

 now you have a reference of fucking it up。 Okay， so you know what not doing it right is because until then you don't even know what not doing it right is。

 so just go out and take fucking action。 start getting some reference experiences first。

 and then read the fucking manual， the references are what unlock the manual if you will。

 they're the key content theory without reference experiences is completely worthless。

 And this is why guys will sometimes be confused。 You know。

 you'll see it guys will go online The watch these videos and they're like， you know what。

 it's just so confusing like this one guy says this。

 But then this other guy says this And it kind of contradicts which one is right。

 And then that same guy says another thing that contradicts what he even previously said and there are all these paradox is。

's just like this big message。 I just don't get it。

 Oh my God and realize that you're not supposed to get it without the references。

 Okay and you have to trust me。😡，I tell you when you start going out and you start getting all these experiences。

 Okay， it will make sense。 You won't have any little paradoxes。 It won't be confusing。

 I can look at all this theory。 And for me， just all fucking makes sense。

 because I have the experience to decipher it， if you will， and on top of that too。

 realize that reading the manual beforehand。 will also hinder you。

 know this is why I tell you to come at this a blank slate if you're a newbie and you don't know anything content wise。

 it's a lot easier to learn you wantt have any preconceived notion of what pickup should be。

 It's like， you know what， I guess I'll just fucking try it out。

 It's easier to make a decision where you don't know that much versus when you know too much and then it just freezes you I personally like to learning game as learning how to play a video game if you get a video game。

 no one's gonna read the whole fucking manual beforehand。

 no one just sits there and just like memorizes all the fucking controllers。

 all the little combinations like okay， if I。This， this， this， that'll do that。 And if I press this。

 this this， that'll do that。 Okay， and now that I have it all memorized and I'm ready to fucking go。

 I'm just going to play and just do it right。😡，Okay， how do you play a fucking video game。

 You get the video game， You throw it on and you just freestyle it。 Okay。

 you just jump in and just kind of figure it out as you go。 You're like， okay， well。

 I guess this is how you move。 This is how you jump。 This is how you you do this shit here。

 that makes sense。 And you know， then after a while， you're like， fuck。

 I can't really figure that one out。 now that have some references playing， let me check the manual。

 there's a special combination here。 Let me try a bit more。 let me check again。 Okay， you play。

 then you check after， you play some more， then you check after， and that's how you fucking get good。

 Okay， and the same applies here at the game。 It's like you just jump in。 you talk some girls。

 you get some interactions under your belt。 Then you look up the content。 Then you check the manual。

 Then it makes a little bit more sense。 You're like now I get it。 you play some more。

 you check the manual so on and so forth。 Okay， and another thing too at the video game is no one。

You know， like if you're being realistic， if you read the whole fucking manual to the video game。

 that's not gonna make you good。 You're not just gonna jump in and play and just kill it。 Okay。

 the only way to get good is by playing the same here with game。

 you're not just gonna jump in and kill it， you're gonna have to fuck up。

 know if you're like playing a racing car video game。

 It's like you know how to turn you're gonna fuck up。

 And then after a while you develop a feel the same here。

 you can't avoid fucking up and just really get used this feeling to， know。

 just jumping in without knowing what to say， know into situations where you don't know what to do yet into the unknown because no matter how good you get you're always gonna be presented with new situations。

 you know on a macro level and on a micro level where you know that you haven't encountered before。

 and you don't really know what to do。 And instead of just giving up like。

 I don't know what to do here， I'm gonna stop。 And I'm gonna go back and read the manual before proceeding。

 just fucking take the leap。 I still get that feeling to this day， you'll never get rid of it。

 learn how to embrace chaos， embrace unpredictability and。Mesiness， okay。

 because that's really what an interaction is。 guys think that， you know， pickup is beautiful。

 You know， it's very beautiful。 It's very smooth。 And I can just follow a script to make it happen。

 but in reality， bullshits always gonna be thrown your way。

 you're always going to have to face new situations。 You haven't dealt with yet。 the unknown。

 why because you're just dealing with fucking human beings。 every interaction is unique。

 everyone is unique and that there is what makes it fucking interesting。 Okay。

 so embrace that and stop trying to prescript things。 You know。

 guys are so addicted to you know comfort as we discussed before， that they come at this like， okay。

 well， you know， to try to， you know， make this a little bit more comfortable I'm gonna find a script of what to say。

 and they'll try to memorize some lines so they can just jump in and just follow that script。

 it's like， okay， I know what to expect。 But you can't prescript everything。 it's like， sure。

 you can prescript a few lines and just jump in。 But。You're just delaying the inevitable。

 which is dealing how to learn with the bullshit in the unpredictability。

 So my advice to you is just jump in now without knowing and get used to that feeling and just get used to embracing fucking chaos。

 And this year also helps you develop core confidence。

 Okay where you don't depend on anything external， even like a script。

 some other things holding you back。 Okay， because remember， you don't want to do this。 Okay。

 you don't want to jump in。 You don't want to take action And your mind's gonna play tricks on you and you're gonna come up with every fucking excuse not to start now is waiting for inspiration to strike。

 You know， guys are like， well。I understand that you have to take action and get references and that'll unlock the manual and the content。

And I'm gonna do that。 But I just don't feel like it right now。 You know。

 I just don't really feel very motivated。 I don't really feel inspired。 You know。

 my emotions is not very aligned with this。 And I'm just gonna wait for that magical moment to feel motivated before doing。

 and that magical moment is never going to come。 Okay， why， because as we discuss before。

 human beings or creatures of habit。 And this here， going out and interacting with women。 You know。

 jumping in is not a habit。 It's something new and it creates change。 Okay， it's like， oh shit。

 my bearings is creating all this chaos within what I know， I no longer feel comfortable。

 and you're not going to feel motivated。 Okay， those emotions like， hey， man。

 just break out of your comfort zone do something new。 They're not going to come。 Okay， in reality。

 the opposite emotions telling you to just stay where you are are going to come instead。😊。

Don't sit around waiting for inspiration to strike， execute。 Okay， remember this。

 A comes before inspiration。 your emotions follow your actions。

 And the way it works is you take action。 and then with time。

 the more familiar you become with taking action on a macro level， but also on a micro level。

 the more your emotions will align with that， and then you will feel inspired。

 So on a macro level as we discuss before， you're down here， you have this identity。

 you want to expand and become the best you can be and go up here。

 you're gonna start acting through this identity。 And with time it'll be more familiar and then guess what your emotions will align instead of holding you back on a micro level。

 It's like， say going to the fucking gym。 Do you ever feel motivated going to the gym。

 if you don't go to the gym， the answer is no， But once you go when you start taking action。

 the more familiar you become taking action。 even in the first 10，20 minutes。

 your emotions will then align and you'll feel motivated while doing。If you go out， you're like， oh。

 I don't want to go out。 But once you start talking to a few girls you're like， okay。

 I'm kind of in the flow and your emotions align。 Okay， so don't wait for inspiration。

 act in anticipation of it。 and on top of that， don't wait for that lucky day either。 guys are like。

 I'm just gonna wait till I see this brand new product。 You know， once I see the new product。

 I'll feel inspired。 once I watch this new video。 once this special day comes， you know。

 I'll feel inspired， I'm gonna wait for new Year's to do this。 I mean， that's just， you know。

 just waiting for luck。 It's like an artist waiting to be discovered。 as we discussed before。

 make your own luck。 Okay， when's your lucky day right fucking now。 Another one is blaming。 Okay。

 where guys are like， you know what， I just don't have the time right now。 I want to take action。

 I want to jump in。 but I'm too busy。 I don't really have the energy either。 I'm a little tired。

 just happening too fast。 just too soon， I'm gonna wait a bit。 a better opportunity。will come along。

a， etc。 Okay， And this is a misguided belief where people think that they must have all their ducks in a row before starting。

 Okay， don't， don't wait for things to be perfect。 Don't wait for that perfect opportunity。

 Just fucking start。 Okay， play hurt。 You don't get a pass。 if you have shit circumstances。

 It doesn't matter。 Okay， Su people， guys really make it。 they start anywhere anyhow。

 it doesn't matter。 if their conditions suck， they don't care， they're still gonna fucking start。

 Okay， and also， you know， waiting for better circumstances like I'm just gonna wait till something better comes along。

 basically just thinking that the world moves at your leisure。 Okay， and it fucking doesn't。

Those who reap the benefits of life。 Don't wait for race to happen， They make them happen。 Okay。

 instead of waiting for your circumstances to just magically change， focus instead， Okay。

 on making your current circumstances work。 Okay， never blame your circumstances。

 blame your philosophy。 Okay， it's not what happens， it's what you do about it。 on top of that。

 realize that unless you're already taking massive action。

 your circumstances are most likely going to remain the same or get worse。 Okay， if you look back2。

3 years， I doubt things were very different。 You know。

 things are probably pretty similar to fucking now， unless， of course。

 you've been taking a lot of action。 Okay， remember， human beings， you know or creatures of habit。

 We like things to kind of just stay in their place。 If you look back in another two， three years。

 You probably also in a very similar situation。 What makes you think that in the future， somehow。

 your circumstances are going magically change。Okay， they're not。10 years from now。

 if you don't really hustle to make a change， you're gonna be in the exact same fucking situation。

 Okay， if you're working sure you might get a promotion。

 but there's not gonna be any drastic changes to your life。And if there are， oftentimes。

 it's bad changes。 Okay， things either remain the same or they get worse。 Okay， if you're like。

 you know what， I'm， I'm a little tired right now， What makes you think that a year from now。

 you're gonna have more energy。 You know it makes you think that the older you get。

 you're gonna have more energy。 Most likely， if you're tired now， a year from now。

 you're gonna be even more tired。If you think you're busy now， the older you get。

 the more responsibility you take on， you're gonna keep getting fucking busier。 Okay， start now。

 It's foolish to wait because guess what tomorrow could be fucking worse。 Okay。

 so really just do whatever it takes to make your current circumstances work。 Okay。

 if you don't have time， find ways to make time。 cut into your sleep。 know， people just over sleeple。

 You could easily just cut out 30 minutes to an hour to do this shit。 Okay you could cut out， know。

 going on Facebook。 You know， people waste so much time watching television。

 Facebook procrastinating and then just rationalize。 Okay。

 cut out the bullshit and force yourself to make time to do this。😡，Be careful， too， with。

 I need to handle this other thing first。 Okay， because guys will do this。 They're like， okay。

 I understand I'm gonna have to go out and interact with women。 You know， jump in。But before that。

 I think that I should take some improv classes， you know， get my verbal skills down， you know。

 just kind of practice talking， just going with the flow of things because that would really help me And my interactions with women。

 You know where I'm gonna go meditate a bit。 and I need to， you know， kind of master these first。

 and then I'll jump in。 Okay， and they're just doing anything they can to avoid the path of pick up the path of game。

 Okay， don't avoid it。 Remember， game is that one thing。 It's the hardest thing。 It's the one thing。

 But that's what you got to do。 Okay， then if you want later。

 you can add those is little bonuses on the sideline。 But they are not the one fucking thing。 Okay。

 and be careful too how your marriage will rationalize。 It's like， you know what， I'm doing improv。

 but。It is helping me with game， so I'm still moving forward。Okay， it's like proactive like you know。

 procrastination， if you will。 It was like oh I'm meditating， but it's helping me move forward。

 I remember I had this working on my first product Pimp。 I was I was like outlining it。

 And was I was in Australia。 and I was like， you know what there's just so much fucking work。

 I'm going to take a little break。 And you know， just work on some infield。

 know hidden camera footage videos。 and I was avoiding the path of doing the product。

 which was the one thing to really make my brand grow。

 and I was just focusing on you know bettering some videos， bettering some my Facebook page。

 uploading some pictures and my mind was like， well， it's helping the brand。 It's like。

Dabbling on the sideline。 Okay， so really， really， be careful of that。 Okay， do this at all cost。

Another one is newer is better。 You know， I need to wait for this new video to come out。

 And once I watch the brand new video with the new content only then will I be ready to take action and to jump in。

 or I need to wait for this new product to come out。

 And once I watched the new product only then will I be ready to jump in。

 you might have even thought that， you know， waiting for this product to come out。

 It's like you see the promotion。 You're like， oh my God。 I guess I could take action now， but。😊。

You know， I think I'll be a lot more ready once I see that brand new fucking product。 Okay。

 and this is just a horrible way of thinking。 Okay。

 instead of just searching and waiting for that new thing to come out。 Okay。

 work with what you fucking have。Okay， if you can't jump in and take action now， you know。

 waiting for that new product， new video is not gonna help。 even if you have like a little burst。

 then guess what， you're going to lose that momentum。 you're gonna stop taking action。

 And then you'll just rationalize and wait for the next fucking product to come out。 Okay， do it now。

 the products， the new content， the new technology， of course， helps you。

 and itll just drastically cut your learning curve。

 but it's not a necessity in order for you to take action。

 You should be able to take action to just jump in no matter what。And lastly， there is。

 I have time to get this handled。 You know， I have all the time in the world。

 I can just wait till tomorrow。 I got fucking time。 Okay。

 and this here is a dangerous one because it's so easy to just keep rationalizing that you have time。

 You have time。 You have time。 And then you just end up on your deathbed without having， you know。

 taking any fucking action。 Okay， so you need to add some sort of urgency where it's like you don't have all the time in the world。

 Okay， you're gonna die someday。 your time is limited， value your time and make the most of it。 Okay。

 so get that fire under your ass， a little sense of urgency。 like， oh， shit， okay。

 Better fucking do it。 be careful not to rush， though。 remember， don't rush。

 but also don't slack off。 just， you know， keep moving forward at a sustainable pace。

And the other thing I would say in terms of urgency is realize that remember。

 you're either going up or you're going down and once you find out about this and you know that you could be going up every time you don't take right action。

 you're going further and further and further down and waiting another day to do this is not taking right action。

 And the more that happens， the harder it's going to be to snap out of it and the longer it's going to take to build yourself back up to where you are right fucking now。

Overall， stopping a little fucking bitch about it and just jump in。 Okay。

 it really comes out of that。 Stop a bitch。 jump in because you really don't have a choice。 Okay。

 it really doesn't matter what you think or how you feel or what your excuses are。

 what your circumstancess are because guess what taking action is nonnegotiable。 Okay。

 it's a basic requirements。 If you don't take action。😡，you're not even part of game。 Okay。

 you don't have a choice。 It's like， this is the basic requirement taking action。

 like you have to do it。 So just fucking， do it。😡。