# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：1.游戏_1. Game：5你是受害者吗_05. Are You A Victim【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A lot of people view themselves as victims。 You know。

 they cultivated a certain mentality in which they regard themselves as victims of the negative actions of others。

 You know， even if there's no clear evidence supporting this。

 they just firmly believe that life is unfair。 You know。

 their victims of other people of circumstances， it's not their fault。

 And there's nothing they can really do about it。 And really think this is one of the hardest things to snap out of or just let go when changing who you are and making that shift。

 so what tends to happen is you're born happy。 everyone's born happy， that's you' default state。

 you're born full of hope and dreams， you， as a kid， you're like， I'm gonna be a fireman。

 I'm going to be an astronaut， I'm going to do this， this， this。 And even as you start growing older。

 you have more， realistic dreams。 But what happens over the years as things really go the way you thought they were gonna go。

 You know， you still start realizing shit。 know， this opportunity is。Forever。

 that's just never going to be me。 And that might happen again and again and again。And after a while。

 you know， it's just easy to you know， just tell yourself like， well， I guess that's not me。

 you just kind of accept it and it's easier to blame other people or other circumstances。

 know don't take responsibility for whatever happened。

 be like you know what It's because of that fucking guides about this thing that happened that I didn't really achieve my full potential that I didn't really didn't achieve my dreams and it allows you to kind of hang on to those dreams to that hope And and this is what happens to a lot of people。

 know they just get very， very bitter and it's a downward spiral of rationalizations from there And you can put this to the test。

 ask anyone， just be like， hey， is this where you saw yourself 10 years ago，20 years ago。

 just looking into the future I this who you thought you'd be I this where you thought you'd be in life And in 99% or 99。

9 percent of cases？answer is going to be no。 It's going to be fuck no。

 And you'll hear something along the lines of， well， you know， I should have done that。

 I could have done that。 I would have done that。 You know， I should have could have woulds but。

 but it's not my fault because I'm a victim。 And then you're going to see all the excuses。 And。

 this is like the beauty of the victim mentality at play。I made a list here of the main ones。

 Life is unfair。 You know， that's what a lot of people believe like， you know。

 they'll say something along of the lines of just reinforcing life is unfair。

 I'm a victim of circumstance。 You know， that's why I'm not where I thought I would be。

 There's nothing I can really do about it。 This isn't my fault。 I'm helpless。

 I feel sorry for myself。 I hate myself。 The world owes me。 That's a big1。 I feel cheated。

 I blame other people， I'm jealous of other people。 I hate other people。 Now， of course。

 there are different degrees of intensity to this。 Okay， there's the hard case newbie。

 who really believe， you know， I hate other people。 I hate myself。 life is unfair。 Oh my God。

 like to a very extreme level。 And then there's， you know， other people who just kind of believe it。

 But a lot of people do really， really feel helpless and feel， again， like they're victims。

 just go out。 Look in the street。 You're rarely gonna see someone extremely happy。

 extremely positive， extremely passionate。 Most people are just very sad。Presed discontent。 know。

 they just live in a state of just constant discontent。

 If I walk out right now and I just walk down the street， you know， people just look down。

 They're like just going about their days。 You go and order a coffee， You know。

 they they may fake it like， hey， welcome。 But you kind of see like most people are just like， here。

 know， you go to a place where someone's been waiting for a while like a restaurant。 You。

 they've been waiting there for a while。 they're rarely all jolly and chipper。

 they they've accepted like shit。 You know， this is me。 this was not my dream。

 and the more years past， the more they've been waiting at that fucking restaurant。

The more that just kind of reinforces like shit。 like you are a victim。

 You could have done all this shit。 you know， especially in a place like Los Angeles。

 where I lived a few years。 you'll see a lot of that。

 It's like they go out there with dreams and they slowly realize it's not gonna happen。

 and know it just goes they just go downhill。 They don't They lose that passion。

 They lose that purpose。 like even if I ask you now how many people do you know who are actually passionate about something。

 You know， it's pretty rare。 Most people just lost it。 They gave up on it。 They're like。

 you know what， that's not me， it's probably never gonna be me why even try， I'm a victim。

 It's not my fault， this other shit happen， could have done that。 And they just stop， They give up。

 They accept it。 and that's their lives。 And what happens from there is instead of confronting you know。

 reality， like trying to make a change。 They tried to escape it。

 They tried to get through their days。 if they go to work。

 They're just trying to numb themselves at work。 like just go through the motion。

 go through the motion。 can't wait to get home。 know。Today， fuck today。 Okay。

 so many people hate their days。 They hate going to work。 They， they hate their lives。 like。

 fuck this shit。 you know， if you're waiting table， fuck this。

 you you can't wait to go home and you can't just， you can't wait to fall asleep。

Okay that's the best example。 It's like， if you're happy to fall asleep。 You're like。

 I can finally escape this reality of being a victim of feeling sorry for myself。 You know。

 the world's so unfair if I can just escape this， just fall asleep and be happy in my dreams。 I mean。

 oh my fucking God。 Okay， but that's a lot of people。 They'll find other ways to numb it， too。

 you know， they want to be stimulated， They'll go watch movies， you know， TV shows， TV series。

 they'll just do like marathons， like anything to escape this reality of being a victim and feeling sorry for yourself。

 they'll drink， know， alcohol， drugs， weed， All that shit just to。Forget。

 And the sad part is that there's an endless supply of this external stimulus。 Okay。

 it's made easy on you， and it's cheap and accessible。 Okay。

 let's just take TV shows and movies as an example。 right now with the Internet。

 You can just go online and you have access to everything。 You could get a Netflix account。

 an Amazon account an HBO accounts or just torrents。

 that's just the worst like go on torrentance and there's everything。

 you don't even have to step outside your house。 you can just download infinite hours。

 like just infinite fucking hours of TV shows， movies。

 And you wouldn't be able to watch it all in your lifetime。

 that's how much stimulus you have access to nowadays。 And the worst part with that， too。

 is that just really reinforces being a spectator， know。

 like spectatorism and living through the glory of other people。 you're like， okay。

 I'm a victim I andt really accomplish my dreams。 But I can get lost。 I can forget about that。

And not only can I forget about that， I can watch my little TV show where that person is living the dream。

 They have accomplished what， you know， I thought I would。

 And I could be that person if this shit didn't happen to me。 But you know what， I just。

 I just love this。 You know， life potential living through other people。 It's just the worst。

 You also don't even have to go out and socialize anymore。 with all those shows， all those movies。

 you can have those Internet friends。 You know， that's a lot of people。

 people today are just very isolated。 They go， they wake up。 This is most， you know， people's life。

 They wake up。😊，Go to work。 They hate their job。 They try to numb themselves throughout like just get lost in like a routine。

 just counting the fucking hours， counting the minutes， counting the seconds till the days over。

 the days over。 they quickly rush home。 they'll probably grab like some junk food on the way home。

 know and that too is like a little bit of stimulus。

 You have that bite into your big Mac and you're like， oh my god。A little moment of happiness。

 a little escape from the sad， sad reality， or they'll get a precooked meal。

 just something that's just very easy to make， something that's cheap and just just b。 They go home。

 They eat that。 And then they just crack on the fucking TV shows。 They crack on the movies。

 And that's like the highlight of their day。 they don't have friends。

 they don't need friends because the people in the shows。

 the people in the movies are their virtual friends。and they just watch their movie， you know。

 till they get tired and then they just pass out and that's's like， oh。

 just escape it some more and they dread the next day they're like oh fuck tomorrow and then they wake up and just wash and repeat the process day by day till the day they fucking die okay that's literally most people's lives。

I've experienced it， too。 you know， I used to have， you know， a victim mentality where I would go to。

 I was in college at the time and I wouldd just go to college， and I would just hate it。 You know。

 I'd hate what I was studying。 I'd hate the direction my life was going。 And you know。

 I finally stepped up and made a change。 But until then， I was just pretty much coping us like， fuck。

 I'm a victim。 This suck fuck。 And I just go， you know， go study， like try to escape reality。

In class and my highlight was literally coming home and like eating some bullshit， junk food。

 like eating some ice cream or something and just watching a TV show， you know， and then sleeping。

 and you just get used to just going through the fucking motions。And society thrives on this， too。

 You know， they love people who are， you know， who feel victimized， who are dissatisfied， sad。

 depressed。 Okay， they love that。 Why， because they're the perfect fucking consumers。

 It's so easy to just push those buttons。 Okay， you watch your little TV show。

 There's all the commercials popping up。 What are the commercials saying， Hey， are you feeling sad。

 by this shit。 know， it's like buy my shit。 Do you want to feel complete， by my shit。

 You want to snap out of being a victim by my shit。 this will make you happy。

 This will help you escape reality。 There's just so much fucking garbage on it。

 Even the actual shows or movies themselves or reinforcing this。 Okay。

 so it's just say fucking downward spiral from there。And the more this happens。

 the longer this happens， you know， the sadder it really gets。 okay。

 the your excuses just start growing and growing。 Your false beliefss become stronger。 You。

 you develop more and more just rationalizations as to why you're this way。 Okay。

 why you're a victim。 You start taking on an ego and start identifying with being a victim。

 It's like you are now the victim。 You know， that's your identity。 and。You know， you know。

 you're drifting away。 You know， you're slowly just getting lost in that。

 And there's nothing you can really do because you know。

 you don't even have the willpower to snap out of it。 You may be watching this right now。

 and you're like， shit， this is me。 But， but you know， it's like， yeah you。

 But there's nothing you're really gonna do about it。 Even listening to here。 you agree。 You're like。

 yeah it sucks it's totally bullshit。 And I totally am the guy who watches the shows and gets lost and drinks and does drugs to forget about it。

 but。What else am I gonna to do， It's like snapping out， This is gonna take effort。 know。

 making a change。 It's gonna take effort。 And I just lost that effort because I've been in this for way too fucking long。

 there's too much in wiring to do too many bullshit beliefs or you're just gonna have to let go of And to be honest。

 you've probably forgotten if you've been in this for a long time。

 What even feels like to do anything different than what you're doing right now。

 you just caught in the routine of escaping reality。 And you know， taking right action。

 having the willpower to slowly start snapping yourself out of it。

 start moving in a different direction。 just feels like death in comparison。 You're like you know。

 most people can't even pick up a book。 You know a book will help you。

 You know a books gonna make you smarter， even a book about success or changing your life。

 let's just say this product if it was a book you'd probably just you know。

 have trouble picking it up where you'd pick it up。 you'd start reading and you'd get tired。

 You're like two pages， I need I need to nap even though you wouldn't be tired if you didn't try。

ReadingYou know， you've forgotten what it fucking feels like。 and on top of that。

 you you're too attached to your excuses， those those excuses， those limiting beliefs。

 those rationalizations really became who you are and letting them go。

It's just too strong of a hit on on your ego。 You know。

 it's like if there's a guy who for 80 years has been eating McDonald's every fucking day。

 like that's his diet80 years。 And after 80 years， someone walks up to him and they're like， hey。

McDonald's is not healthy for you。 Why don't you switch to salad for him to switch to salad would mean。

You know， accepting that he's been fucking up for the past 80 years。And it's just too hard to do。

 It's like your， your ego。 It's like who you are。 It's just based on eating fucking McDonald's every day for 80 years。

 And you'd rather just keep doing what you're doing。

 even though it's killing you than do the right thing。

 And this happens with people who think they're victimized， you know， they。Okay。

 and this is what happens with people who think they're victims they've been fucking up for so long and realizing。

 like， you know what， fuck this， I'm gonna make a change means accepting they've been fucking up and accepting too。

 that they could have made this decision， like taken action to change who they are a long time ago。

 And that's all those months， years of your life you know， quote unquote。Wasted fucking up。 Okay。

 now， as I mentioned in the previous video。 Okay， you're never too old to make a fresh start。

 It's never too late to make a fresh start。 And even that way of thinking， we're like， well。

 doing the right thing now would mean I have to accept that I fucked up all these years。

 I would rather accept that I fucked up a certain amount of years。

 and then really change and be fulfilled and happy the rest of my life。

 then just living my whole life fuck up。 Okay， cut it off now， Okay， make that change now。

 make a decision right now， we're like， you know what， no more。 this victim mentality。

 this little downward spiral， I'm gonna snap the fuck out of it。 I'm not going to。

 I'm not going to indulge in it anymore。 because that， too， you know， it's wrong。

 but you're so addicted to it because you've been in it for so long。

 It's like your little guilty pleasure。 You're like， oh， yeah， but you know what。

Back to the torrents back to escaping reality。 Fuck that。 make a firm commitment。

 So the first thing you realize is that you're not the center of the fucking universe。 Okay。

 stop taking everything so personally， know， a lot of people think that there's some sort of master plan。

 it's like there's a plan for me in my life。 and that everything that happens is in relation to them。

 know， it's like why is this happening to me if something bad happens or something good。

 It's like is this happening to me， and we have to realize that there is no fucking master plan。

 Okay thinking that everything happens happens like for you or to you is just extremely narcissistic and absurd。

 Okay， not everything that happens is like a personal affront or punishment， know。

 people get stuck in a traffic light It's like boom red light，' like fuck。

 Why is this happening to me， why like you probably said that yourself。

 like why is this fucking happening， And again， it's not。Directed at you。 Okay。

 things just fucking happen。 It is what it is。 Stop being delusional， Be realistic。 Okay。

 the world is harsh。 Wecome to the truth。 The world is harsh。 The world is unfair。

 You don't always get what you deserve。 bad things， You know， bad things are gonna happen to you。

 But don't take it personally， bad things just randomly happen。 It's not like， you know what。

 let's mess with disguise life。 bang， it's some bad event happens。 just welcome to the real world。

 And accept that。 you all have to accept that you're not a unique snowflake。 You know。

 everyone goes through shit， not just you。 all your issues， all your problems。

 All the stuff you look back on you're like， why is this fucking happening， like， oh。

 why am I like this， Why， why don't I have the willpower。 Why am I a victim， You're not the only one。

 those issues those problems are not unique。 There's a saying， the more personal the wound。

 the more universal。 The wound。 everyone hass problems。 If you are scared to go up and talk to girls。

You're not the only one。 Okay millions of other dudes are scared to go up and talk to girls。

 You know， actually， most dudes in the world。 If you， you know， are going home and you know。

 eating your little precooked meal and feeling sorry for yourself and watching your little torrented movies。

 You're not the only one。 If you feel selfconscious。 It's not just you。 Okay。

 everyone feels selfconscious。 Stop placing everyone else on a pedestal。 where you think， oh my God。

 you know， I'm the only one who has it this tough。 fuck my life。 Okay， it's not just you。 remember。

 you're not cut from a different cloth。 Okay， other people have problems as well。

 and a lot of people probably have it way worse than you。 they have it way worse than you。

 and they still made it。 Okay， remember I was running a live program in Montreal。 and a guy came on。

 And he was like， you know what I was。I was bullied in high school。 know。

 I was bullied in high school。 I just can't get over it。

 and I would be way more successful if that never happened。 The girl， you know。

 just didn't really work out with this girl， you know， you sent me to talk to。 but it's。

 know just that I was bullied in high school。 and he just kept repeating。 I was bullied in high。

 I was bullied in high school。 thinking that he's this unique case of a guy being bullied in high school。

 And that's his excuse。 know， that's one of the reasons he thinks he's a victim。

 he just is attached to。 I was bullied in high school。 and that sucks。 but realized this。

 a lot of other guys were bullied in high school。 and my assistant at the time there。

 He told them as he's like， dude， shut the fuck up with a bullied in high school。

 I have it way worse than you。 I grew up in a way harsher environment。

 I have like guns pulled on me and shit like that。 And I remember the client was like， oh shit。

 Like I'm not the only one。 he thought he was just like telling a story。

 Like you guys are so much luckier and you don't realize like everyone has it tough。

 and it's your call， man。 you can。You can just latch onto it like I was bullied or decide to make the fucking change。

 You know， also realize， and this is something I tell myself。 you know。

 whenever I have those feelings， know， you still have them every once in a while as well。That's。

I take perspective， you know， I look throughout history， tell yourself， you know。

 there's probably someone at some point in time who stood in the exact same situation。 you know。

 you are now who who dealt with the same issues。 You know， the same emotions。

 the same thoughts that you're dealing with right now。 the exact same thoughts。

 And maybe he decided to deal with them differently than you're doing right now。

 Maybe he decided to step it up。🎼I'd say embrace being part of a larger hole。 You know。

 you're not in this alone because that's really something that， I mean。

 that's like the fuel for victim mentality。 It's like， I'm the only one。 I'm in this alone。

 You're not。 feel like a sense of unity， unity over self。 Other people have it tough as well。

 use that， feeling of just like camaraderie to just you know， take action and change this。 Now。

 be aware of other people and the fact that they're going through bullshit。

 but never compare yourself to them。 never compare yourself to how much bullshit they're going through。

 had to go through you know， in relation to how much bullshit you're going through or had to go through。

 Okay， we call this menvy， mail on mail envy or jealousy where guys get but hurts because they're jealous of other guys。

 know， they'll see another guy who's good looking， know， who maybe had a。

Solid upbringing and all these positive reference experiences。 And girls love him。 if they're like。

 man， why do I have to do all this work。 You know， why do I have to man。

 like let go of victim mentality， go out， get references talking to beautiful women。

 get my social skills down， Like， why do I have to do that when he doesn't， You know。

 I just wish I was fucking good looking like him。 I wish I had a solid upbringing like him。 F man。

 Why is this happening to me。 reinforcing this victim mentality。

 stop comparing yourself to other people。 be aware that they're going through shit as well。 you know。

 get that nice sense of unity。 But otherwise， keep your head down and focus on you。

 It's a competition of one， a competition against you yourself。

 take the constraints you have in life as a given。 know。

 if you're born into a situation with little opportunity， Take that as a given and go from there。

 instead of whining about it or complaining about how other guys started off with more opportunity and。

 you know， bullshit beliefs to un why。For example， okay because what else are you gonna do you're in a situation with shed opportunity。

 You can just stay there and accept it where you can step up， you know。

 whining is not gonna help bitching and feeling jealous other guys who you have it better in the beginning is not gonna help either。

 You really don't have a fucking choice my favorite example of this is guys who bitch about looks。

 know， they just can't believe the looks are not important。 You know。

 it's about the behavioral cues and they're like， you know what， man。

 my buddy Tom is just way better looking。 He just has it so much easy。 all the girls just like him。

 it must be his looks and they just keep fucking whining about looks。 if you go on online forums。

Guys will post this。 Like， it looks really matter because of this and this。

 and they're whining and whining。 But， you know， let's just say hypothetically。

 let's just say that they won that argument。 They wind。 and someone's like， you know what。

 you're right， looks matter。 He has it easier than you because of his looks。 Okay， he doesn't don't。

 But let's just say he gets his answer。 Now what， You know， you got your fucking answer。 You're like。

 oh， yeah， You know， he does have it easier。 So what， What are you gonna to do about it。 Okay。

 it doesn't change anything。 The fact that someone has it easier than you doesn't change anything for you。

you're still going to have to step it up， you're still going to have to go through the bullshit。

 so let go of that。It's pointless to even let those thoughts enter your mind。 Okay， What I'd say。

 too， is if you start off with shit opportunity， use that as leverage。 You know， if you have nothing。

 you know， use that as extra motivation to step it up。 know。

 there's a saying the enemy of the best is the good。 if someone has it easier than you。

 he won't have that same fire under his ass to be motivated to make a change。 He made like halfas。

 If you have nothing， you're like， oh， shit， I better fucking step it up。 So， you know。

 use that as extra motivational fuel， if you will。Never wish to be someone else。 I hear this too。

 because I was like， man， I just wish I was that guy。

 Things would be so much easier if I was that guy。 And what the fuck is that。

 that's like really the lowest form of human thought in my opinion， like even me at my worst。

 I never thought I was another person。 like you're wishing you're not you like what the fuck instead of wishing your someone else。

 like oh man， I just really want to be that guy， really want to be the best version of you。

 wish you were the best version of you。 Okay except where you're at except where your starts and then just focus on changing and getting there instead of focusing on all these excuses that don't help you and realize。

 too， that if you start off in a shitty situation， your circumstances suck you don't have to stay there。

 people think that they have to stay on square1。 It's like this is it for the rest of my life。

 It's like， no， forge who you are。 you can't change your past。

 can't change your situation or whatever。 but you can。And send it。

Another way to stop feeling sorry for yourself is to get out of your little introspective world of selfpity。

 stop making this about you。 know， if most people go around life and they're like， oh。

 how does this affect me， What about me， how do I feel about this， Do I feel stressed about this。

 Do I feel sad about this， Oh， me， me， me， me， me， Sap the fuck out of this and get a bigger purpose in life and a bigger circle of concern。

 If you have small concerns， get a bigger purpose， submit to a larger cause， like going to rehab。

 You know， submit to God， Okay， it's purpose over self。 If you have a big purpose， you know。

 something you're just really moving towards and trying to achieve。

 that's gonna create gravity for your personal boundaries， You know。

 for the boundaries of do I allow this bullshit little， know， selfpity thought， En my mind Yes or no。

Okay， and the answer is， of course， not because it'll just be a waste of time。' like。

 I'm trying to accomplish this。 And the more I'm bought into accomplishing something big， Okay。

 the more I just will start cutting off these petty thoughts because they're not helping me achieve that goal。

 Can I remember making my first product Pimp。😊，I was working like fucking crazy， you recording it。

 editing it while doing a European tour and try to finish it by the deadline。

 like I was literally working 18 to 19 hour days， just nonstop。

Looked like a zombie meth head at the end。 I was just like so exhausted。 But during that time。

 my purpose was must finish this product on time。 no matter what。 Okay I was just like all out。

 like this is all that I live for that was like the air that I breathe。 It's like finish pimp。

 And what happened， well， what I fucking mentioned。 my personal boundaries just got very， very tight。

 Okay， shit that I would have allowed， like like being tired。 know if I wasn't doing pimp。

 I'd be like， oh man， I'm so tired。 I' even to take a nap， I didn't have time。

 I didn't have the luxury of being tired。 I didn't have the luxury of feeling sorry for myself because I had to get this shit done。

 Okay， so get a purpose。 it could be some project you're working on。

 it could even just be you bettering yourself as a person。 know， if you're moving in that direction。

 Like I must better myself and you really buy into it。

 you wouldn't have time for the selfpity And with a bigger purpose as well。

 you're gonna have bigger concern。You know， bigger worries than， oh， am I tired。 know。

 that's the least of your worries。 And it just seems selfish in comparison。 Okay。

 so bigger purpose in life， bigger circle of concerns。 If you have small little petty concerns。

 It just means you're a very small person。 get a purpose。

 become a bigger person and have bigger concerns。 that's you get rid of them。

 Like you have small petty worries， know， go out and get some real fucking worries。

 you also have to realize that no one really cares。 you know， no one gives a fuck about you。

 this harsh is that sounds in terms of you changing who you are or not in terms of you being a victim。

 know， some guys are like， well， no one really helped me， that's why no one has to help you know。

 you're in this alone， man， It's like you're born alone， you die alone， stop looking for pity。

 stop looking for pity and your friends， Stop looking for pity and you fucking family。

 it's not gonna come。 It's not gonna help。 You can keep on crying。 You're not a little kid。

 they don't care， if you go out and you have a guy who go。Out with you。

 He's not going lose sleep over the fact that， oh my God， you know， I'm just a little victim。

 your friends are not going to lose sleep。 If you're a victim。

 your friends are not going lose sleep over you， if you're sad， it's， it's up to you。 Okay。

 and funny enough， too， your DNA doesn't really give a shit either if you're a victim。

You know's that's like a shocker too。 It's like you'd think that if you're going down this negative。

 you know， sad， depressing spiral that at some point。

 your DNA is gonna kick and be like dude step the fuck up。

 But what does your DNA care about remember survival and reproduction。

 It doesn't really care if you're happy， you're sad。

 depressed victim or not as long as you're surviving and reproducing。

 it's happy Okay now what's surviving that just means fucking living。

 you can live and watch your little torrents and movies all day。 And on the reproduction side。

 what do you got to do， just fucking masturbate and cry in your bathroom。

 it's like your DNA doesn't know you're not inregnating a fucking girl。

 you're just by yourself bathroom cry， go back to your little torrance。And the needs are met。

 so your DNA is not gonna help you。 doesn't give a shit if you're sad。 You want this。

 You better go fucking do it yourself。 Stop looking for someone else to do it for you。

 know or comfort you or cuddle you if you're sad。 this will happen。 also on program。

 A client will come on and he'll start being like very victim mindset like I'm just feel so sorry thinking that know I'm gonna do it for him。

 I'll just feel sorry for him like sorry little I'll do it for you And even though I'd want to。

 I can't like this has to come from you， you have to fix yourself。

 And you have to really kill that habit of like looking for comfort or pity through feeling sorry for yourself。

 as I mentioned before， you're not a kid anymore。 And I think a lot of people develop this just a way of getting attention。

 a kid if you're like feel sorry you're sad。 your parents are like come here crying daddy's shoulder。

 know it's not happening now no one's coming。 You feel sorry。 It's like。You've。

You're just gonna keep feeling sorry。 You can wait for daddy's shoulder till the day you die。

 You know， most likely， it's not coming。 Okay， so you got to do this。

 Stop looking for other people to do it or to fix you。 Stop looking to to girls even to fix you。

 Like guys will do this where they're like， I feel so sorry And they go up to girls hoping that the girls are gonna comfort them or the girls are gonna fix their inner wounds。

 Okay， You got to do it。 It's up to you。 It's not up to the girls。 It's not up to your friends。

 It's not up to different circumstances。 It's up to you。 You have to start taking responsibility。

 You want this。I mean， go fucking get it because if you don't， no one will for you。

 No one owes you shit。 You know， you're not owed anything。 And this year is big， too。

 A lot of people think that they just naturally deserve good things。 You know， it's like， I was born。

 I exist， and I deserve to be happy。 I deserve a good life。 I deserve to be successful。

 I deserve women。 and the world owes me。 You know， I deserve better。 Okay， why it's like， why not。

 I fucking deserve better。 people owe me。 and the answer is fuck no， Okay。

 the girls don't owe you sex。 If you're not say， you know， a guy who they want to be with。

 you know what and not attractive guy。 They don't just naturally owe you sex。

 They don't owe you a mercy lay。😡，Unless， of course， you know。

 you're working on yourself and you're getting this shit handled， you know， you fix yourself first。

 they don't owe you anything。 The world does not owe you anything。

 you have to let go of that little belief of like， I deserve this shit。

 If you're a guy who's starting out and you're not attractive。 you have bad beliefs。

 You just didn't work on yourself yet。 you know， you're a little victim。 You don't deserve hot girls。

 You don't deserve success right now。 you get what you deserve in life。 You want to deserve success。

 You gotta be that person who deserves success。 You got to go out。 You gotta get this。

 You got to work on yourself。 There's no way around it。 Okay。

 sitting by yourself feeling sorry for yourself with your little excuses if like， oh， I deserve this。

 I feel pity， help me。 someone do it for me。 You're just gonna be spinning your wheels。 No one cares。

 It's not gonna help you it's just you just rationalizing alone in sadness。

And building on this as well。 what I'd say is just stop crying。 stop fucking crying。

 Stop being a little bitch and start laughing， start laughing at yourself。

 Start laughing at that little petty voice inside your head。 just feel sorry。

 It's like whenever you have those little thoughts like， man， I deserve this mock it， laugh at it。

 Charize it。 know， you can take on a Southpar voice if you want。 you' like you're like， I'm so sad。

 like fucking laugh at yourself like distance yourself and just realize how ridiculous it fucking is。

 Okay， a lot of people， when they have that little voice。 they're just very identified with it。

 It's like the voice is me。 step 1， create some distance between you and the voice。

 just observe the little voice， mock the voice， find it funny。

 and that'll kind of start separating you from just being identified with it。

 and it'll also help you when interacting with women because。Again， you can't have any insecurities。

 If you are insecure about something like man， I'm just not as good looking as again my buddy Tom。

 The girl's gonna sense that off you。 And again， she wants to make sure that you're a solid guy。

 she wants to make sure that you are you know， a guy of value。 And she's gonna test you on it。

 She's like， you know what， I usually date way better looking guys like Tom。

 and she's gonna to see how you react to that。 And if you're like， oh shit， you start like， you know。

 crying and taking it personally， you're fuck。 Okay， instead， laugh at yourself。

 laugh at your insecurities。 embrace them。 Well you can't fix you fucking feature。 be like， yeah。

 you know， I'm pretty sure which was Tom as well。 and just start mocking yourself。 Okay。

 the way I go about is it's embrace， exaggerates， laugh。That's how you do it。

 You have that little petty thought。 You have that little insecurity。

 embrace it instead of resisting it。 You know， if you have the victim thought you're like， oh， shit。

 I'm being a victim， It's like， go with the flow。 exaggerate it。 Okay。

 take on the South Park voice if you're not good looking and be like， yes， you know。

 I always wish I had more beautiful parents。 Like， just exaggerate it to。

 to the point where it's just ridiculous。 and then just laugh， laugh at yourself。

 laugh at that voice。😊，🎼You know， just loosen up and just don't take it so seriously。

 and don't identify with it。 You have all eternity to be dead。 You know。

 if you're thinking of just like， oh my God， I'm a victim， It's too much effort。

 I'm just gonna give up and just live in a walking little days。 And， you know。

 live in my little torred TV shows。 You know， that's pretty much the same as。Being dead。

 you're just yeah going through the motions of life。

 you're gonna die someday and you will go through the motions of eternity。 Okay。

 it's like you're life for a very short period of time。 Why not just fucking put in an effort。

 put in an effort。 and just see how it plays out， you know， snapap out of this。

 start cultivating willpower。 baby step your way there and we're gonna talk about all this。

 But why not go all out。 Don't just give up， even if it's hard because it is gonna be hard。

 even if it's gonna to take a long time， What else are you gonna to do。

