# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：1.游戏_1. Game：7超越你的身份_07. Transcending Your Identity【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

That's just not。You know， this is something I hear from everyone starting out。 You know。

 it probably even crossed your mind while watching some of the previous videos here where even if you get past the whole。

 you know， superficial bullshit beliefs， like looks， money， You're like， okay， that doesn't matter。

 I can do this。 You know， even if you're a victim。 You think you're above it。 You're like。

 you know what， I'm going put that aside。 I'm still going do this。

 There's probably still that little voice in the back of your head。 where you're like， man。

 you know what。 I have to go out and socialize with all these people。 I have to to be outgoing。

 You know， I have to start talking a lot and putting myself out there and just bringing good vibes。

 is's just bringing a lot of energy to the table。And， you know， that's， that's really just not me。

 You know， I'm more of a chill。Introverted guy， you know， I， I like just being just relaxed at home。

'm just pretty quiet。 You know， I don't， not very loud。 And I feel like doing this would just。I mean。

 that's really just not mean it would just be very incongruent of me to try to become this person who I am not。

 and this will even happen to guys who are already in the process of working on themselves where you know。

 they might watch some videos online and they hear me say， you know what， go up and be fucking loud。

 bring fun， you know， bring energy and they're like。I don't know about that。 You know。

 I'm going to try to find a style of game where， you know， because I'm a very chill guy。

 a style of game that's more chilled。 that's more in alignment with who I am。

And I really want to reinforce that this is about change。 Okay， We already talked about this。

 a fuckton。 You have to change who you are。 You have to make a shift。 Okay。

 this is not about remaining a loser。 you know， we're like， I'm a loser now。

 and making the loser you work， Because that's what guys are doing。 They're like。

 I'm just chilled and introverted。 How do I make that work。

 You know how can I go up to a girl and you know， not have to get all these references and just be chilled and introverted and negative。

 and get her。 You can't。 okay， you have to force yourself to change and you have to let go of your current identity。

 Okay， not just the victim mindset， the superiority mindset， everything。 Okay。

 who you are now the me that exists now， you have to let that go。

 your current conception of who you are and where you stand， You have to give that up completely。

 Let me ask you this。 What makes you， who you are here today？ You know， who says you are introverted。

 You're shy。 You're the chill guy。 You're。quiet guy Like who says that fucking no one。

 This is just you。 Okay It's a bullshit story you told yourself probably years ago and that you bought into。

 it's like， I'm just the shy guy and you base it on you know the references you've been getting up to now。

 that's really who you are， who are you you're just a product of the different environments that you've been put in up until now。

 know， if you take someone and you put them in a very harsh upbringing where they don't have much success with women or just in general。

 say you go to school and everyone's like shut the fuck up， fit in， be quiet。

 don't speak up you're gonna be a guy who doesn't speak up。

 you're gonna be a guy who's just very introverted。

 But if you're put in an environment where everyone's like clapping at everything you say they're giving you all this positive feedback。

 that same person is gonna be very different years later so that there is really who you are Now you could are。

There's a hole。Nature versus nurture， okay， where you could say， you know。

 your core essence remains the same， you know， and that could be true。

 but a lot of your personality has just been developed in reaction to all of those different environments and situations that you've been in。

And I'm advocating here is that up until now， you're pretty much been a leaf blowing in the wind。

 You know， it's like， oh， I'm in this environment in this environment in this situation。

 And this is me。 You know， I'm not successful with women。 I'm not successful at life。

Because of just I floated down the wrong current。 But what you're doing here is that you are taking control。

 Okay， of that wind， if you will。 And instead of all the situations and environments being random now you can proactively put yourself in different environments that help you different environments that are beneficial to you and that move you in a direction to becoming who you want to become up until now。

 you really have no control。 You know， it's like who you are is just。Who you are now。

 But you can have control now。 Okay， you can control the actions that you take where you go。

 the environments that you put yourself in， you know， that shape you and just you know。

 reinforce the beliefs you want to have。 And this is how you change who you are。And remember。

 this is what game is up until now， you really have no control over your life。 You know。

 you no real control over your life。 You have no control over the environments that you've been put into。

 you're no control over who you are。 You' just accepted it。 But now you do。

 now you can control all those external factors that will shape you internally。

 And overall to stop identifying yourself。 is someone who can be categorized。 You know。

 it's like I'm the chill guy。 It's like， don't just limit yourself that way。

 Take on a flexible and adaptable identity that just evolves， you know， with time。 be like water。

 know， to quote Bruce Lee， It's like be like fucking water。

 It's like you're just continuously changing。 You're not just this person。 It's like。

 I'm the chill guy。 It's like fuck that。 I can be whoever I want to be。

 and I'm gonna continuously evolve till the day that I fucking die。Now。

 whenever you start taking on a new identity and acting through that new identity that you're currently not。

 never expect your emotions to align with that。 Okay。

 because your emotions are associated to and attach to your current identity。

 And they're meant to hold you in place。 Okay， human beings were creatures of habit。

 And we hate things like change Dis， unpredictability， the unknown， basically， Okay。

 and anything that you do that involves elevating your status。

 or that steps out of the constraints of your current identity is going to be blocked off。

 you're just going to block it off and come up with every fucking excuse not to do it。

 Your emotions are going to tell you， no， no， no， no， no， and your fucking mind is going to tell you。

 no， no， no， no， no。 you can try it' like imagine right now， I told you， okay， you want to get good。

With women， you want to achieve success with women。 You're like， yeah， of course I do。

 I hope you do cool。 Go talk that girl right now。 Like you imagine I just told you right now。

 stop the fucking video。 Go out and talk to the first girl you see。Notice your emotions。

 Not your mind。 You're probably thinking like， like， oh， no， I'm， I'm good。 I'm gonna。

 I'm gonna finish the video first。 no， it's like your emotions are not on your side。 Okay。

 Ca what you're doing。Is not within know the constraints of who you are now。

People really fear that because things will change， be it good change or bad change。

 their current bearings in view of reality， you know that have kept them alive up until now won't make sense anymore。

 know， and it's just easier to bury yourself in your existing view of reality than risk。

 linking this back to caveman times， your life。 know， because doing this。

 you're really stepping into the unknown。 you're doing something that you've never done before。

 and you don't really know what's going to happen。 And back in the day。

 the unknown could very well mean death。 Okay so your body is like hell know。

 your mind's gonna to play tricks on you。 You're gonna to come up with all these excuses like dude。

 you're still alive。 Why would you risk that shit。 It doesn't know you're now in a， you know。

 civilized environment where you're not going to die by trying something new。 deep down inside。

 you have that innate fear of the unknown， that innate fear of death。 And on top of that。

 you're gonna have to deal with the headaches of。Thinking through a potentially harder to understand a more complex view of reality。

 know you're gonna have the doubts that you may not have the mental energy to figure out all the new ins and outs。

 know your reality now， it's like you have it down。 you start stepping into the unknown。

 you're gonna have to figure all that shit out all over again。

 it requires a fuck ton of mental energy。 So it's like， oh man。

 can I really do this because I don't want to get stuck in between。

 you also have that nauseous feeling of going backwards in your understanding of the world。

 it's like oh shit， what I've been doing up to now， to go back to ground zero。

 and you also have that fear。 the people may not accept the new you。 But you have to do this。

 you have to let go of your current identity。 you know everything that it's based on and you have to give up a tremendous amount of comfort。

 if you keep doing what you've always been doing you stay inside your nice little comfort zone。

 You're gonna keep getting what you've always been getting。 this year is' about making。

Change you want something new， you want a different type of results with women who are out of life。

 you're going to have to try something new。And this is something that you do till the day that you die。

 Okay， it's a never ending process。 you're in this for life。 Never expect to get your， you know。

 comfort back。 Okay， the way it works is you are here。 This is your current identity。 Okay。

 your emotions， as we previously discussed， are attached on to this identity and they're meant to hold you in place。

 And what you're going to do here is you're going look at who you want to become。 You know。

 the attractive view who's up here and you're going to start acting through that identity there。Now。

Your emotions are going hold you in place。 but you're just going keep on acting through that identity。

 Okay， Embracing discomforts， going against your emotions。

 going against the bullshit thoughts that are gonna in excuses that are meant to hold you back And with time and repetition。

 At some point， your emotions are just gonna realign with this one here。

 And then you're gonna go higher。 Wass repeat the process， they're gonna realign so on and so forth。

 literally till the day that you die。 Okay， that is learning game on a macro level and you're also gonna have to this on a micro level。

 if you're a guy who doesn't talk or speak very loudly， you're gonna have to you know。

 expand in terms of the volume of your voice。 I'll get clients like this。 like， I was it going。

 and they're like。I'm like， what， Oh， hey， how's it going。

 And that there' is just a basic requirement。 They're going out and talking to women。

 And the women don't even hear them。 And they think， oh， the women don't really like me。 It's like。

 no， dude， they can't even fucking hear you。 they don't even know that you exist。 talk louder。 Now。

 then talking louder。 there's a lot of emotional and mental resistance。

 And even when they talk louder， It just feels fucking weird because they're acting through a different identity。

 it's like I'm talking loud。 But with time and repetition。 the internals will realign。

 be disgusted by comfort。 know， we place way too much importance on things like comfort。

 predictability， stability。 know， like that's what everyone's trying to achieve the cushy。

 modern life where you have zero stress， zero worries， you can just relax and just be at ease。 know。

 it's like that's the goal of a lot of people And you have to snap yourself out of this paradigm here。

 if you want to grow as a person。 Okay， discomfort is necessary for growth。

If you're just comfortable， you're not gonna grow。 Okay。

 that whole like cushy modern life is not what you should be aiming for。 Okay。

 if you this like working out。 You know， it's like， if you work out or you're like。

 I'm a little bit comfortable， it's starting to hurt。 No， no。

 I don't want to go where it's not that comfortable。 I don't want to go where it hurts。

 Your muscles are not gonna fucking grow。 it's the discomfort。

 That's what makes you grow as a person。 You need that。 Okay， go out and proactively。

 this is part of game proactively seeking out you know。

 environment situations that are uncomfortable to you。 those， those situations where you're like， oh。

 shit， and it makes you fucking grow as a person。 It alters your perception。

 and it alters who you are。 The way you should view comfort。 It's just being like very mushy fragile。

 loose。Just dead， no comfort just like。in discomforts， I view that is more like it keeps you sharp。

 know， it keeps you alive。 know it makes you more anti fragile if you're familiar with the works of an aseem teleleb。

 It is a crime to eliminate volatility and that's really what everyone in today's society is trying to do we're trying to achieve a domesticated life。

 know everything is just 100% comfortable。 and we try to find comfort and everything as well。

 we try to find comfort in dressing a certain way。 we just dress a certain way and we just keep dressing that same way over and over again and that there is just like very comfortable because there are no。

 it is very predictable。 know you know， if you dress that way， you know what to expect。

 we find comfort in doing our hair a certain way。 we find comfort in our friends。

 the people we hang out with we find comfort in just having daily routines， daily habits。

 of having a certain game plan for the day ahead of you。You just again， know what you expect。

 There are no little unpredictable variables。 and we even find comfort in our thoughts。 you know。

 if you your thoughts today are most likely very similar to your thoughts yesterday and the day before and the day before it's like every single day our thoughts are pretty fucking much the same。

 know the shit that goes through your head is the same。

 we're just addicted to this And know if you try taking one away like say you're used to doing your hair a certain way。

 and then one day you're like know what you can't do it that way or someone just shaves your fucking hair off you're gonna be like oh my God like it's gonna feel scary and traumatizing because you had so much you had such a strong anchor and bur in the way you were doing your hair。

 It's like that's what gave you comfort。 and you're like shit， it's different。

 I don't know what to expect oh my god my god my God and it will be like traumatizing and that there's just you' your fucking hair you know hey girlfriend I was dating she。

Found comforts whenever she traveled in knowing exactly， you know， like， okay， we have our tickets。

 We're checked in online。 Okay， we have our seats。 We're gonna take the cab at this precise time to be safe。

 I want to get there。 you know， a good hour and a half before I want to， once we get there。

 I want to go by my magazine。 I need to have my magazine。

 I need to go to the bathroom right before we board the plane。

 I need to know the exact hotel we're staying at beforehand。 And I remember once we went to。

Scottsdale， Arizona。 And I was in charge like that time just getting the hotel and everything。

 And I did book it。 I'm like， oh， just figure it out once we get there。

 And she started just like oh my God， like freaking the fuck out。 Okay， because again。

 she those bearings of comfort when the travel when it was time to travel were gone。 know， we。

 we arrived late at the airport too。 And she's like， oh my God， I can't get my magazines。

 And like people freak the fuck out。 They freak the fuck out or their hair。

 they freak the fuck out over not being able to get the magazines before your flight。

 I remember another friend of mine。His his mom， you know， she would travel and whatever she'd travel。

 like she would get uncomfortable because she's like from Wisconsin。

 she couldn't have her glass of milk on her nightstand。

 you know it's like I'm the hotel but I don't want my glass of milk， it would freak the fuck out。

Okay， now you imagine you're taking away your glass of milk。

 You imagine now just taking it all away because that's what you're gonna have to do to change。

 You're gonna have to let go of everything you depend on。 Okay， all your current bearings gone。

Imagine that feeling Now。 What happened is we've set the bar way too fucking high。 You know。

 we've addicted ourselves to such a high level of comfort， thinking that it's normal。 You know。

 and it's not。 you're not meant to feel you know， that comfortable all the time。

 You're not meant to feel such strong emotions with a simple hairstyle change。 You know。

 I remember even myself back in the day when I first started getting into this。 I'd start going out。

 And I'd have my my pregoing out ritual。 You know， I'd like blast of music and stuff。

 and go getting myself in the zone to go talk to girls。 And you know， even going out。

 I'd find comfort in that。 Then I found comfort in the fact that I had my。

 I needed my clothes to be perfect。 I'd like the shirt ironed。 even even my pants ironed。

 and it had to be ironed right before I stepped out the door。

 I'd get everything ready to do my hair a certain way， go out， get the ironing。

 And I was finding comfort in iron pants。 And if I went out without my pants being ironed。

 I'd freak the fuck out。 Why， because I've addicted myself。 that high level of comfort。Okay。

 it's fucking ridiculous。 And to do this， you're gonna have to lower the bar。 Okay。

 you're really gonna have to lower the bar， get rid of all that shit and realize that you can survive without it。

 Now， I want you to make a shift and get addicted to discomfort instead。

 you have to really go all out。 Okay， F your comfort zone。 F comfort。

 really strip away all the bullshit。 you know， let go of your current bearings。 You know。

 let go of all those little anchors you need， you know those little things you think you need that are external to feel comfortable。

 let go of that， if you need like the iron jeans， let go of that。

 if you need your hair done a certain way， let go of that。 Okay。

 really let go of it all and start enjoying being uncomfortable。 know， being in the unknown。

 being a little less at ease。 being like， shit。 know， it's like， I don't really have a plan。

 I don't know what's gonna happen。 You know， that happen to me as well。

 like back in day when I'd go out， I wanted to know a plan。 I want to know。Going to this bar first。

 and we're gonna go here to talk to these girls。 then this is gonna happen。

 And I couldn't embrace the unknown in the fact that， you know what let's just see what happens。

 Okay that's what I want you to do stop trying to make the world simple and familiar by having a certain plan or a certain map Okay remember the world is not what you want it to be let go of that embrace vagueness。

 embrace paradoxes。 embrace uncertainty really go all out and take this to the extreme Okay because you really have to be a little know crazy to do know to learn game to do this because what are you basically doing you're gonna go like this is your practice。

 You're gonna daily go out and go against your emotions。

 go against your mind even this gonna play tricks on you and put yourself in uncomfortable situations。

 like put yourself in the fire over and over and over again。

 this isn't something that's like fun like oh， just go out and chat。Girls， even on the surface。

 it may seem it。 It's you going out。 and you'll have that feeling here。 You're like。

 go talk to that girl。 You're like like even before going out， you'd be like shit， like it's a grind。

 it requires a high level of personal sacrifice。 but really starting join it to。

 know what I would say is the unknown is attractive。 if everything was planned and predictable。

 it would just be so fucking boring。 the fact that there is a little bit of uncertainty。

 The fact that you don't really know what's gonna happen。 I mean， that's makes it interesting。

 it's also what keeps your mind alert。 and it makes you feel alive。 you're like shit。

 it's like you're just really present to the moment， you're really there。

 Okay So really start basking in that。 And then from there， just focus on taking right action。Now。

 what is that Ta right action is doing what is required to be done。

 no matter what your emotions are telling you。 Okay。

 I personally like to call it gun to the head mentality。 You know， if someone walked up to you。

 they put a gun to your head and're like， hey， what's the right thing to do right now。

 You're always going know。 and it's not what you think is the right thing to do。 Okay。

 cause your mind is going to play tricks on you， it's what you know deep down inside within your gut。

 you always know what the right thing to do is。 If you see a girl and you're like。

 I'm a little scared to go talk to her。 I don't know what to do。What's the right thing to do？

Approach， okay， you know， and you're gonna do it， no matter what。 Okay。

 regardless of your emotions and you're gonna to start living by that。

 Should you always do what makes you feel happy at all times。 You know， it's like this here。 Yeah。

 I feel pretty good about it。 It makes me a little happy。 I'm gonna do it。 this here。😊，No。

 I don't really feel good right now doing this。 I'm not gonna to do it。 And the answer。

 obviously is no。 Okay， as we've discussed before， your emotions do align with， you know。

 stuff that has value to you， like， oh yes， this makes me feel good， This is good。

 This has value to me， but they can also lead you astray。

 because you're not used to that long termm thinking， You're just thinking short term， You're like。

 oh， do I feel happy right now， Yes， and you can feel happy doing drugs。 know， if you always did。

 what made you feel happy， why don't you just do drugs every fucking day。 Okay。

 so the answer is clearly no， instead of always doing what makes you feel happy right now。

 Do what's right， Okay， live by taking right action。

 Stephen Pressfield calls this aspiration over addiction。Where a lot of people。

 their entire lives is just living in reaction to how they feel in the short term。 You know。

 they don't really have any control over their emotions or the direction that they're going in。

 They're like， you know what， I'm hungry right now， Whatll quickly satisfy that。 Big Mac。

 you know what， I'm tired right now I'm I'm gonna sleep。 this doesn't make me feel good right now。

 I'm not gonna to do it and that's their lives。 It's like reaction to this reaction to this and they just want to feel comfortable and they just want to feel good。

 and you have to step away from that short term thinking， start thinking long term。 and ask yourself。

 does this help me in the long term， And if the answer is yes。

 even though it may not be comfortable right now， you have to do it anyway。

 You have to start fighting that addiction to comfort。 You know。

 that addiction of just taking the easy way out of just following the path of least resistance。

 because in the short term。 It just feels good。 you're gonna have to go against that and just wake your mind up and snap yourself out of your little。

Of autopilot routines。 you know， that's most people just going day by day。

 just going through the motions。 You have to be like enough snap out of it。 And it's gonna be tough。

 it's literally gonna feel like death， you know， doing something else。 But you have to do it。 Okay。

 remember， I've been reinforcing this this entire time。 This is not easy。 Okay。

 you're changing who you are。 This is probably the hardest thing you're ever gonna do in your entire life。

So make a shift and start thinking long term and start valuing that long termm vision of yourself and who you want to become above any form of instant gratification。

 Okay， it's like having a purpose and moving in that direction。

 and avoiding the temptation of taking the easy way out。 know。

 because that's really what life is all about。 know it's like。

 have a purpose and just don't fall into the trap of taking the easy way out。 Re the easy way out。

 Okay， if you want to compare this to let's just say a diet。 You're like， you know what。

 I want to become healthy and lose weight。 That's your long term vision。

 the easy way out is I'm hungry。 Big Mac。 I feel good right now。 It's like， no。

 resist the big Mac and start moving towards that direction。

 value that above the instant gratification here， you know， success with women。

 I want to be this guy。 Oh， I'm scared to talk to girls。 the easy way out is not to talk to her。

 It's like， no， you're gonna do it。 You value that above all else。

 something that also really help me with this is realizing that。

You're always moving in a certain direction。 Okay， there's no stagnation。

 If we take the example of you know approaching and interacting with a woman。

 you're there and you're faced with a decision。 Okay。

 am I going to go talk to her or am I going to take the easy way out and not go talk to her。

 And what you have to realize is that once you're faced with that decision， you have two choices。

 Okay one is going to move you closer to being that person。

 that is going up and talking to her taking right action。

 and the other is going to move you further away， Okay， if you don't go and you choose， know。

 option B， It's not like you remain the same。You actually go down a notch。

 and this year is huge because guyss like， oh， if I just hold off till tomorrow。

 I'll just start off where I was today。 And the answer is no。

 you're either going up or you're going down。 Okay， it's like， if you're not busy learning。

 You're busy dying。 and really you know ingrain this into your mind。 I it scary。 You know。

 there's a girl you want to go talk to like， yes， it's scary。 But guess what。

 it's also scary not to talk to her because you know。

 you're going down and you can get caught in that downward spiral and you're fucked。 Okay。

 so use that as motivation to take right action as well。 another thing to keep in mind。

 which we previously discussed is to mock all your little excuses and mock your emotions。 You。

 you see the girl， you're scared。 You're like， oh my God， I'm scared。

 I can go back to the Southpar voice。 laugh at it。 like， oh， I'm so scared。 Okay， this here。

 as we discussed will create space between you and the emotion and you won't be so identified with it。

 The emotion is not you。 The little voice is not you。 That feeling is not you。

Okay just simply recognize it as a chemical reaction in your body。 You're like。

 oh I feel a little bit of little nervous here。 likell usually be here。 Oh well。

 and you're gonna do it anyway。 create the space and just do what's right don't resist it either。

 that's usually way worse when your face with the situation。

 and then you do the gun to the head you're like what's the right thing to do approach her and then you're not approaching her and you're like shit。

 I should be approaching her I shouldn't be approaching her and there's a discrepancy between what is and what you want know what reality is and what you want reality to be。

 You're like shit， I'm not approaching， but I shouldn't be approaching you start freaking the fuck out know're that saying what you resist persists Reing it is not going help you。

 getting all frustrated， all pent up It's not gonna give you more options。

 guys think that the more they stand there like pissed off at some point know another alternative is is gonna pop up。

 The answer is no， you're still gonna have to do it。And the longer you wait， the worse it gets。

Actually even worse than that is if you resist and you don't do it。I mean， that theres the worst。

 That's what I experienced in the very beginning， finding out about all this。

 I'd go out and I I'd go。 it was during the day because I was too scared to go out。

 say to a bar or nightclub。 and I'd walk around the street and you'd see these I' see women walking by And I'm like right action。

 I should talk to her。 I resist it。 she left， I didn't。

 And this is this mixture of frustration and just disappointment in yourself。

 and that's just the worst。 and realize， too， that this is a muscle that you build。

's like start small。 it's like you're not gonna be taking right action all the time。

 just right off the bat。 You're gonna fuck up a lot。

 know it's okay to beat yourself down like fucked up。 but also be realistic。

 It's gonna take time to build。 It's a muscle。 the more you take right action。

 the more you go against your emotions。 the more you start basking in the unknown and be uncomfortable。

 the more you're gonna build your tolerance。 this is how you cultivate willpower if you will。

 doing this is also the first step towards cultivating core confidence。

The more you take right action， the more you start relying on yourself and not external things or external people because it's more comfortable because we do this with people as well it's always easier to be told what to do how to do it and that everything will be okay know that's actually how most people live their life you know they follow the script of life where it's like you know what？

Get good grades in school。🎼Get a job， work hard at your job。 Get a promotion， Get another promotion。

 get married， have some kids， get another promotion， retire and die。 you do this。

 Everything will be okay。 And because people， again。

 it's way too hard to start thinking for yourself。 It's way too scary。 It's just easier to be like。

 follow the script。 It's a lot more comfortable。 It's a lot more certain。

Even though it's actually not okay with this product as well。 you know。

 it's unrealistic to think that this here is going cover 100% of the situations you're going find yourself in。

 You know， it's going to help you massively， but you are going to find yourself in a situation where you have no idea what to do。

 You're on your own and you have to solely rely on you And the last thing I'd add is that instant gratification。

 know like just quickly getting anything to feel comfortable， isn't true happiness。

 even though it makes you feel good in the moment， it's just a temporary high。 know。

 similar to a drug addict。 You see the girl it's like， approach anxiety。 It's so much better。

 but just like a temporary high， true happiness comes from internal fulfillment。

 it's not external stimulus， In gratification， It's internal fulfillment and you。😊，🎼You know。

 get that feeling when you're taking right action， when you're doing what it's right。

 even though it's harder， even though there's gonna be a lot of discomfort， you know。

 you're you're doing the right thing。 you're moving towards your goal and you're gonna feel just fulfilled by doing that。

 Okay， so take right action and be fucking happy。