# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：1.游戏_1. Game：6优越心理_06. Superiority Mentality【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， on the opposite side of the spectrum， there's what I like to call superiority mentality。 Okay。

 where unlike victim mentality， where you think that， you know， you suck。

 you feel sorry for yourself， you， there's nothing you can do about it。

 you really don't think you can achieve this in this case， you think that you're above it。

 you think you're above the process。 and you know you'll see guys。

 like if you tell some of your friends about this， you going get some reactions like。

Learn how to better myself to be good with girls。 Are you kidding me。 That's for fucking losers。

 I'm above this， man。 It's like， I'm already good with girls。 I don't need this shit。

 and this will be like a good 80 to 90% of the reactions you get。 but realize， too。

 that a lot of that is also just delusion。 know， it's like every guy thinks that he can get girls。

 just like every guy thinks that he can fight。 know， most guys like I can I can fight。

 I can get girls。 But if you take any of those mother fucks。 you throw him in you know a ring。

 like boxing ring or you throw him out to go and talk to girls， they just can't do it。

 all your friends who are like to get girls， you take him out you're like， hey， go talk to her。

 make it happen。 they're gonna freak the fuck out。 they just again。

 rather latch onto that little belief if like I'm already good with women。 you know。

 and some even look back and be like， dude。Look back in my life。

 Look at all the girls I dated in all instances。 It was like， I saw her and I got her。

 all my girlfriends。 I saw her and I got her。 and that， too。

 is delusion because what usually happens is the girl will like them for some reason， know。

 you're gonna have natural chemistry。 no matter who you are with some girl。

 And usually the girl likes them and the girl starts throwing herself at them for months， years。

 even until they finally realize it。 And then they rationalize like， well。

 you know what I like her because you know， she's throwing all this like all the signs like hey。

 I like you。 She's like， well， I actually like this girl。 and they finally make a move。

 after six months to a year and they get the girl。 and they date it for a while it ends。

 and maybe they'll happen again in their mind， they're like100% of the time。 baby。 I see her。

 I get her。 I'm already good with women。 But the truth is they have no control over it。

 All the girls they date are usually not the girls that they would you want to go for。

Or the girls they would have like awesome chemistry with。 is is。

 they're just settling to what's being thrown at them and。😊，You know， or， or and this is another one。

 They'll get them through situational confidence， like different situations。

 like they'll get girls through their， their work or you know， if they're。

 they're with a certain group of friends， like there's social circles。 Like they depend on that。

 Again， throw them out in the wild alone with people they don't know。

 And a girl that they don't know They're gonna fucking freeze。 So this year。

 you have to let go of it as well。 Okay， let go of thinking that you're above the process。

 you're not， no matter who you are， I don't care how good you are。

 There's always room for improvement。And let go of that little ego of thinking， I'm already。

 you know， I'm good with girls because it's the same thing as victim mentality。 where're like， oh。

 I'm a piece of shit。 I'm a piece of shit and used to start latching onto those excuses。

 those beliefs。 You start identifying with them。 This happens here。 Like， oh， I don't need this。

 I'm good。 I'm too good for this。 I'm too good for this。 I'm really good。 I don't want to， you know。

 get rejected。 I don't want to go out and work on myself。 that would mean accepting that I'm not。

 you know， the shit， you know， you have that same ego that you identify with。

 And you have to let that go。 Okay， you really， really do。 Take on a learner's mentality。

 You remember， you have to come at this as a blank slate。

 Never accept yourself as a finished product。 That's what I would say。

 never fucking accept yourself as I' am good enough。

re you're never gonna reach a point where you're good enough。Okay，You probably。

 no matter who you are， have a lot of bad habits， you can unwire。 And even though you won't learn。

 let's just say as much as a new guy who's a hard case starting out。

 there's still a fuck to to learn。 Okay， be openminded and really give this a chance。

 I don't care who you are。 know how much experience you have or you think you have or how old you are。

 know， usually older guys will have this problem， too， because again。

 they've spent so many years reinforcing this ego or this way of thinking。

 And you have to really be willing to let that fucking go。

 Okay and in terms of letting go of your ego as well。 don't。

Be afraid of like getting help because that'll happen too。 It's like， I don't。 I'm above that。

 I don't want to get help from someone because it's admitting that， you know， it's like。

 not only do I have to admit that I could be better， I also have to get help showing that， you know。

 reinforcing someone else is better than me。 humble yourself。 Okay， go get fucking help。

 This is like a guy at the gym like， you know what， I don't want to get a trainer。

 I can do it myself。 And then he spends。Years doing it the wrong way and wasting time。 the same here。

 It's like， go get help。 be smart， Val your time。 Okay。

 don't just go wasting time trying to figure this out。 you know， get a trainer。 get a product。

 like even the one you're watching here。 It's like buy a product and realize that that money invested here is gonna save you so much fucking time of just doing things the wrong way。

 Let go of that ego。 Okay， I had this as well， just in terms of business where I have that ego。 like。

 you know what， I do everything amazing。 Well， I do it better myself。 you know。

 kind of like a control freak type of ego and。I was like too afraid like delegate stuff because I didn't think people do it as well。

 But it's like， no， value your fucking time。 Like， delegate， get help。 Okay， so again。

 you have to humble yourself， be willing to learn and don't just take on the identity of like， well。

 I do it better than anyone else。 Okay， be humble。 And the last thing I'd say， you know。

 in relation to superiority， mentality is realize that if you're not getting the results that you want right now you're doing something wrong。

You know， you can latch onto that little ego of， I'm amazing。 but deep down inside， you know， Okay。

 you know， if you could be doing better， you know， if you're you know。

 reaching your full potential or not， And if the answer is no， you gotta be willing to， again。

 let go of this type you know， type of thinking and be willing to learn。 Okay， be open mindded。

 come at this as a blank slate。😊。