# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：5.推进力_5. Momentum：19保持活力_19. Keeping Your Vitality Alive【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Another thing you're gonna want to be focusing on moving forward is keeping your vitality alive。

 Okay， staying physically and mentally healthy in order to keep your tenacity going in your motivation strong。

 Okay， and this year is crucial as we talked about before。 And it's a big part of success。

 Okay because this can be tough。 know， maintaining this lifestyle of continuously pushing the limits。

 taking right action going against your emotions and bettering yourself as a person， I mean。

 it can really be exhausting and you have to be on top of this。 Okay， now。

 some of the things I'm going to be talking about here， may seem a little bit extreme。

 you may hear them and be like， oh， I don't know if I want to do this isn't seem a little out there。

 But what I would say to you is this， if you're already committed to gaming this heart。

 just really going all out Why not do this as well。 it's really go big or go fucking home。

 So the first thing that comes to mind is drinking。 if you want to keep your vital。ality alive。

 if you want to keep yourself energized， the easiest thing you can do is to just stop fucking drinking when you go out。

 we already talked about before why this is bad for you。 on one hand。

 you don't develop core confidence You develop situational confidence that's based on that alcohol。

 And you're always going to need alcohol to have access to that new you that you're working on becoming。

 You're numbing yourself， you know， to the emotional trauma by drinking。

 You don't really experience that internal change and you don't remember your reference experiences going out because your entire nights are just a huge fucking blur。

 but here's another fucking reason， energy。Okay， if you go out and you drink。

 it's not going to be sustainable long term。 And this is the thing I tell every fucking guy where they're like。

 oh man， I don't know if go out 7 fucking nights a week。

 I'm just gonna get tired already get burnt out on the weekend， Just stop drinking。 Go out sober。

 and it will be sustainable。 Now， if you're used to drinking and you're hearing me say this。

 if you go out and you just don't drink at all， you're gonna be extremely tired at first。

 because you've conditioned yourself having that extra。

 alcohol boost but stick through that rough patch。 Okay。

 stick through the rough patch of having know lesser results of being tired and then build it the right way on a solid foundation and trust me when I say once you get used to going out sober and you build that muscle。

 you build know that energy， you will really be unstoppable， and go out full sober as well。

 not even one or two drinks。 Nothing。 you really want to just get off all of that。 Okay， remember。

 we talked about this before， you don't want to depend on anything。Just unwire yourself from alcohol。

 and this also applies to drugs or any other type of stimulants。And building on this as well。

 This really means getting on top of your health。 Okay。

 read up on things like nutrition and fitness and apply those things to your life。 Okay， now。

 don't freak out when you hear this， you don't have to be an expert in nutrition or a jacked bodybuilder。

 But just being on top of those things enough will definitely help keep that， you know。

 youthful energy alive。 realize， too， that you do need time to recover between stressors。 Okay。

 between those emotionally traumatizing moments or those periods of time。

 where're just really hitting it hard。 over intervention is bad or you avoid discomfort too much。

 as we discussed before where you know， you don't grow as a person。

 you don't become stronger on your own。 You know， you need discomfort。

 but under intervention is bad as well。 you do need to take time to recharge similar to going into the gym or you do need to take time to let your muscles heal before traumatizing them some more。

 but this。Does not mean that you can miss going out you still have to go out 30 minutes daily。

 But what it does mean is on a macro level， there are gonna to be periods of time where you're just going to be doing the 30 minutes minimum。

 no longer sessions。 even if it's the weekend you're just doing 30 minutes recharging。

 and then therell be other periods of time where you hit it a lot harder and on a micro level。

 This means that in between your 30 minutes， daily。

 you're gonna to spend some time that same day recharging as well。 Now， don't overdo this either。

 just do the bare minimum。 there's a saying make rest a necessity， not an objective。

 the objective here is to act to take fucking action。 and learn how to recharge the right way。

 So you're not just wasting time。 so many guys have no idea how to fucking do this。

 So let's start off with resting or sleeping the right way。

 what I personally recommend doing here is sleeping in a dark room。

 That means blacking out your window。Your door， any source of light。

 if you have like a clock on your nightstand， black that shit out。 So it's really pitch black。

 And whenever you go to sleep， you're sleeping in darkness now this may sound a little extreme you may be like oh my God like with the fuck pitch black but trust me when I say you will feel a lot more recharged just spending a few hours in a dark room then spending a full night where the light's coming in in the morning or even at night from your little fucking alarm clock and especially if you're going out late。

 you're gonna be coming home when the sun's coming up and you need to get good sleep and this is easy to do as well。

 even if you're traveling， I mean what I personally do is get extra large garbage bags and duct tape get painters tape so it doesn't ruin your wall and just black everything out and what I even do on top of that is where an eye mask and earpls now again。

 this sounds a little extreme， but I really want full isolation， just darkness no noise。

So I can just really get deep， good sleep。 and on top of that， too。

 if you get used to the eye mask in earpls。 and this will usually take two to three weeks。

 you'll be taking them off while you sleep， but you'll get used to them。

 you can then just sleep wherever you go if you're traveling if you have to stay at your friend's place if you're staying even at a fucking girl' place im mask earplugs and the next day you're just ready to fucking go all out again。

 Now in terms of activities to help you recharge。 do not watch television or surf the web。

 those are the two activities people just go to when they want to relax or just disconnect from it all。

 They're like， oh man， I'm just really overworked and tired。

 I'm just gonna watch a little bit of television or I'm just gonna surf the web go on Facebook a bit。

 but that there's just more stimulus and you really have to unwire yourself from that shit。

 it's not recharging。 It's just you been like stimulate， stimulate it。

 you need to find an activity that'll really just disconnect your mind from it all that'll help you relax and that'll really。

Curn your fucking brain off。 Okay， and the best activity or the best habit to take on， in my opinion。

 is meditation。 Now， you don't have to bind to the whole w side of it all。

 like meditate and become enlightened。 But trust me when I say that taking this on is a daily habit is going to help。

 It's an extremely rejuvenating habit to take on and it's a lot better than watching TV or even fucking napping。

 like you'll feel a lot more energized after 20 minutes meditating than just taking a 20 minute power nap。

 Now， I'm no expert on me I' suggest looking up the best in that field and learning from them directly as we previously discussed。

 however， I personally really enjoy Ehartoll and Russell Simmons。 so if you' are interested。

 check them out and then do your own research from there。 Okay。

 but the main purpose here in terms of meditating is really to turn off all the fucking noise and to turn up your focus。

 it's to cut those unconscious thoughts that are just。Going on on fucking repeat in your mind。

 most people just hear a chronic refrigerator hum， just nonstop if everything's quiet。

 they're just like。It's like that low chronic stress。 It's cutting that off， cutting off all chaos。

 all resistance， just really turning off your brain， clearing your mind and recentering yourself。

 that's what it's about， it's about stopping that cycle of just being run by addiction and reaction because when you go all out in this and you're continuously just challenging your beliefs and everything about who you are。

 your mind is constantly rewiring itself。 you may notice this at the end of a night out。

 you lie down and you just can't fucking sleep like your mind's racing and you need to take time every single day to just step back from it all。

 Reer yourself let it all fall into place before moving forward。

 and you won't achieve extreme bliss by doing this at least in my experience。

 but you will achieve general peace。 Now what I recommend doing here is 20 minutes a day take 20 minutes。

 every single day to just sit down peacefully and。Your mind and once again。

 similar to going out 30 minutes daily and interacting with women。

 anyone can fit an extra 20 minutes to just sit down and meditate into their daily schedule。

 you really have no fucking excuse。 And I think Russell Simmons said it best。 I'm paraphrasing here。

 he said something along the lines of if you can't find 20 minutes to sit down and do this than you need two hours。

 Okay so really make it happen and schedule it beforehand as well because you are gonna come up with every single excuse not to do this and just stick at it no matter what。

 make this another habit and this one can be tough because it's very easy to rationalize like just wasting time。

 And to help you with that， change your interpretation of it。 instead of viewing it as time。

 accomplishing nothing view it as time recharging you are accomplishing something and realize too that you'll probably waste more time delaying it。

 like don't。Mditate I'm just gonna waste 20 minutes。

 Let me do this first and you'll surf the web or something or procrastinate。

 But that time just delaying it is gonna be more time wasted than actually you sitting down and just fucking doing it So what I basically do is sit down for 20 minutes and I'll usually do it at night right before going to sleep some people like to do it in the morning。

 I like doing it at night， especially if I go out because that's usually when my thoughts are just running wild and it just helps you know calm my mind and I can really get a good night of deep sleep。

 But you know， just pick a moment in your day whenever suits you best。

 And just sit down usually I'll sit down because if I lie down。

 I'll fall asleep and don't worry so much about your posture know guys obess about that like what's the perfect position whatever find comfortable。

 Like I could sit down like this。And just meditate Okay。

 and resist the urge of changing posture once you do it because that'll happen to。

 you'll sit down And then like a minute in， you'll be like， oh， maybe this was not the best posture。

 maybe I should sit like this。 maybe like this。 how do I do it， Just accept whatever you chose。

 stick to that posture。 Re scratching yourself。 Okay， you're always going to have an itch somewhere。

 Don't be like， oh ity fucking out this。 I't know about this posture again。

 and maybe I should stretch， maybe this was a bad idea， this sucks， I'm not comfortable。

 how can I relax。 if I'm not comfortable， just pick a fucking position and commit to it。 accept it。

 If you have an itch， accept it。 if you feel like moving around， accept it。

 and what you'll realize is that by accepting it with time， it'll just go away。 Okay， so。

Find a comfortable position and just。Stay like that for 20 minutes。

 I'll usually do this with my eyes open as well。 A lot of people like to do it with their eyes closed。

 and you can。 However， I personally find it a lot more helpful， you know。

 for game purposes to do it with my eyes open。 You know， you're not gaming， closing your eyes。

 And I also want it to carry out throughout the rest of my day。 Okay， if I'm walking down the street。

 I still want to feel you know， some of that， it's not like I just close my eyes。

 do it once and then just get it fucking over with。And also put on your alarm clock beforehand。 Okay。

 so you're not wondering like to 20 minutes pass， Yeah to 20 minutes pass。

 because that's just really the worst ever。 And that'll， you know， prevent you from really just。

you know， clearing your mind and just coming back to center and what I then basically do is just sit there for 20 minutes and just stop thinking okay。

 I quiet that little voice inside my head that's constantly yaapping about I stop playing all these you know imaginary mental movies of you know past events or possible future scenarios and I just focus on being present to what's directly in front of me。

Okay， there's no thinking about the past， no thing about the future， no thinking at all just。哦。Okay。

 melting into the moment， if you will。 Now， what you're gonna to notice is as soon as you try doing this。

 know， just sitting down and not thinking， inevitably， a thought is going to pop up in your mind。

 Okay， especially in the beginning when you just sit down。 You're like， okay， clear your mind。

 Don't think。 don't think。 And then you're gonna think， you're like， fuck I'm thinking， shit。

 and most people just， you know， beat themselves up over it。 Okay， do not do that。

 It's completely fine and normal， you know， if a fucking thought pops in your head。😡，However。

 instead of judging the thought or judging yourself， simply observe the thought。 You know。

 just watch it float by if you will。 Okay， if I'm just sitting down and'm like。

🎼Just quieting my mind。 If something pops in， I'm just like， you know。

 I take perspective as we talked about before。 I don't identify with it。 I'm like， oh。

There's a thought completely fine。Come back to the present moment。

You can also focus on your breathing if that helps， you know， take conscious breaths， be like。Okay。

 and really just watch your breathing instead of just focusing on doing it。 You're like， oh。

 observe the breathing， anything to just， you know， bring you to that present moment。

 you can focus on， you know， the sound or the absence of sound。

 You can focus on how you feel in your body。 You know。

 just start being very aware to just what's fucking in front of you。

And really embrace doing this for 20 minutes as well。

 Okay because it is gonna feel like hell in the beginning。

 Those 20 minutes are gonna feel like for fucking ever。

 and you're gonna experience a lot of resistance to it。 You gonna be like， this suck。

 fuck how long do I have left， You know， it's you waiting for it to end。

 But that feeling there with time。 You know， as long as you really just stick through it all will turn into a very。

 you know， Reing， rejuvenating you know， experience， you know， a feeling where everything just very。

 very clear。 you'll see past all distractions， you you'll become very grounded， very focused， on。

 you know， whatever path you want to pursue。 And this will also help you while out。 You know。

 if you're out， and something happens， you know， there's a lot of chaos。

 You're not gonna to be shoved in your head， you're not going freak out。

 you'll have like nice control over your emotions， you'll be able to remain grounded and then just choose。

 you know， the right course of action to take。 Okay， so this will help， I mean， on many levels。

And you'll also realize that。You can feel， you know， joy and peace just from within， know。

 And this will help in terms of neediness where you realize you don't have to depend on anyone or anything external for。

 you know how you feel to feel fucking happy。 like this happy， relaxed。

 just peaceful feeling is your default state。 The last thing I'd say in terms of meditation is don't expect to see immediate results from doing this。

 You know， guys try。 and they're like， well， where are the fucking results。

 I don't notice anything different。 you know， they have that instant gratification type of mentality。

 but really just stick at this。 you probably won't see results for about a month or so。

 But after that， you'll gradually start noticing the change and you'll just get fucking hooked on it。

 Some other activities to help you recharge and just really know turn off your mind and lower all that fucking stress and pent up tension would be massages。

 Okay， funny enough， a lot of high end Cos and entrepreneurs do， weekly。Or biweekly massages。

 I personally do it every once in a while if I'm traveling， you know， it just really helps。

Get rid of all that fucking tension and just flush out all the toxins， if you will。

 You could do a combination of going to a sauna and then directly after jumping into a cold pool。

 you know， sauna， cold plunge and do that a few times in a row that there will you know more so just shock you to the point where you can't even think。

 and that'll help you just。Turn your mind off， you could try yoga as well。

 however I personally haven't really explored that。In detail yet。

 but I have a lot of friends who are really into it。

 And they've noticed know incredible change in terms of how they feel and how much energy they fucking have。

 Now， the last thing I'd say， and this is key in terms of keeping your vitality alive is simply being fucking positive and having a good attitude。

 as simple as that Just change the language of the mental movies that you play inside your head。

 instead of being a victim instead of being negative。

 beating yourself down thinking everything just sucks just change that you know。

 change the language to you know， feeling happy， being positive。

 being appreciative giving yourself props where you deserve them and just fucking doing that。 I mean。

 will fucking affect your vitality massively。 a simple challenge。

 you can give yourself to help you with this is the no complaint challenge。

 I believe Tim Ferris did this where for 30 days， you might have done。 but I'd recommend for 30 days。

 Just give yourself a challenge。Where you're not allowed to complain at all。

 Okay and what he did is he you know， wore a bracelet on one of his wrists。

 And every time he caught himself complaining or be negative。

 he would switch wrist and just fucking start over again。 and I mean。

 this here just that alone will just change your psychology massively。 Okay now when I say。

 don't ever complain for 30 days。 That doesn't mean， you know。

 just keep that inside like buried inside and you know you'll end up with lot of pent up frustration。

 it simply means。Shifting your focus to the bright side of things。 You know。

 it's like reframing and just seeing the benefit that you get from everything that's fucking happening。

 Okay， as we talked about before， if you get rejected， you know， a lot of people fucking complaint。

 like， fuck， this sucks。 I got rejected。 This is so hard。 I feel traumatized inside。

 If you're doing the no complaint challenge， Just shift that to， oh， I got rejected what。

 what are the benefits here。 You know， I'm more grounded。 A， this is traumatizing。

 that means change is happening。 Okay， so doing a no complaint challenge。

 you know is key if you can kind of identify yourself with having just very negative mental movies。

 just playing in your fucking mind， taking a moment to be appreciative of what's fucking happening helps tremendously as well。

 And this is something I remind my clients of on life programs all the time。 know。

 especially say they lose momentum during the night doubt， you know。

 on top of following the process that we talked about before。 Just take， you know。

 a few seconds just to。Be appreciative to you know what's happening。

 Okay it's like here you are in an awesome city。 surrounded with good people。

 There's beautiful women around。 You're on a live program。 be fucking happy。 you know。

 focus on the bright side of things and just stop fucking complaining or finding that one little thing that's negative。

 and lower your criteria as well。 know， a lot of people just need way too much to feel happy and positive。

 It's like everything needs to be amazing or else they feel like shit。 Okay， and ultimately。

 you can decide what makes you feel happy and what makes you feel， you know， just positive overall。

 You know， it could be amazing things happening or you can lower the bar and just with a little thing happening。

 you just feel fucking amazing。 know， and you can train yourself to be happy all the time。

 train your mind to do this and train your fucking nervous system to laugh as well。

 I'm always surprised how hard it is for so many people to just laugh。 You know。

 I used to be like that as well where， you know， when I was young。😊。

If I'd be watching a movie with some friends and say it was like a funny movie。

 I'd be the only guy just not laughing。 I' just keep it all， you know barreled up inside。

 but you need to learn how to laugh。 You know， laughter is a huge release。 And， I mean。

 if you have trouble doing that lower again， your criteria for what makes you happy or what makes you laugh。

 know， a lot of people are like， oh， I need like sophisticated jokes， laugh at everything。

 go to comedy shows， know， watch comedy， know， just fucking half fun， laughing。😊。

