# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：9.实战_Infields：内野5夜寒战（任何人都能做到）_Infield 5 - Night Chill Game (That Anybody Can Do)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is Julian and welcome to the fifth infield Bak Night chill game。

 Okay and what you're gonna see in this video here is me in Montreal。 Okay。

 this is approaching the end of the night。 know， shortly before closing time。

 and I'm walking down the street and there's this outside area of a club where there's you know the girl。

 And one of my friends is in there kind of talking to her and her friends and I swoop in and join in。

 and you'll see me open here and you know， one of the things that I find funny is I was mocking the stereotypes。

 So here in Montreal everyone seeks French and I speak French myself。

 but I kind of exaggerate the French accent to match Montreal and I open with。

 my name is gaston or something like that。 as I was like suckccer into your fun and。😊。

You'll see me open her and we'll break it down from there， Okay， so enjoy。Ha， haul， haul gas on。Oh。

 seriously， I'm from that's what we call the prairies， by the way。

 Did you grow up on a grass little girl No I'm from Saskatchra Regina not keep looking at it's too early for you to be going Here I am on my period trying to be on to you out I know to be。

 I'm actually not from Canada。 I'm sorry。Okay， so what just happened there。 Okay， I go in I'm like。

 oh， you know， my name is Casto like fun， fun， fun， fun， fun。 And I go in pretty strong。 Okay。

 it's a lot of pressure。 And you can sense， you know， the girl's okay with it at first。

 But then you sense a little bit of tenseness。 You know， she's kind of like， like I'm。

 I'm touching her shoulder。 She's like， you know， like that reaction there。 And I keep pushing it。

 And then at some point， she's like， you're freaking me out now。😊，OkayNow when you get that， okay。

 it doesn't mean the interaction is over， it just means you put way too much pressure on。

 you need to take a step back， take some pressure off and calibrate after the fact。

 Okay and this really depends on the girl you're interacting with。 You。

 there's some you go in fun and they just love it。There are some where yeah。

 you have to slow it down and make it more relatable。 Okay， and this is what I do here。

 As soon as she's like you're freaking me out。 now I immediately back off now I make it seem casual。

 I'm not like， I'm like， oh， yeah。 So anyway， I keep it going， but I definitely slow it down。

 Take a step back。 And I'm like， you know， I'm not from Saskatchewan。 I， I'm sorry。 You know。

 somewhat of a statement of empathy， if you will。 just to show that， you know。

 I have social intuition。 It's all good。 I you need to give her time for her emotions to do。

 You know what they need to do。 And。This is the cool thing with this video here is unlike some of the previous ones。

 So I'm going in and I'm really just doing my thing。 This 1 I am slowing it down。

 And what you'll notice is that although， again， it's inspiring and you can you know。

 really illustrate concepts by say， self amusing massively or going in strong。

 the baseline or the bare minimum， if you will， is this right here。 Okay， and understanding that。

 you won't be doing， say the self amusement or the going in strong from a place of。

 I have to do this。 but a place of， this is good enough， And I can do that if I want to。

 And then it just comes from， you know， a place of just pure expression and fun and zero outcome attached。

 Okay， so understanding this and even seen it will take a lot of the pressure off in your interactions。

 if you're someone who's used to going in。😊，Extremely， you know。

 like intensely and you've just gotten， you know addicted to doing that， try sewing it down。

 you know see where the line is of just good enough and your results will skyrocket from there Okay so I sew it down here and you'll see me just kind of you know switch gears if you will。

차오웨이。I'm 34， she' my daughter just。Okay。So do I say here， you know， she's， I'm like， I'm18 as well。

 you know， And then she's like， are you like， of course， I'm not。 And then just to fuck around a bit。

 I'm， I'm 34， actually， my daughter， Josephine is in there。

 and you'll see me throughout the interaction。 kind of call back to this here。

 this is something that I genuinely find funny and understand this too when you slow it down。 Okay。

 this is way slower than the other videos。 but it's not to the point where you know。

 guyss confused it。 So like slow it down means being extremely boring。're like，m slowing it down。

 It's like now you still have to keep it engaging。 Okay。

 she says to be like focused on you versus all the other shiny objects around her。 just 18。

 Nice to me。You don't speak French that now。老区。Bries， my is from Toronto， if that's anywhere near。

 have you ever been to America America George Bush。We free Iraq。

 no big deal you're welcome on fall 2012 Well I grew up in Switzerland so I'm a little French but I live in America。

And I've never been to right， sorry， because my mom's American。

 So I grew up speaking from the French part， Switzerland， Jane。

 I grew up speaking in French with my dad and。It is's the adventure。

 what are you guys doing in fucking Montreal Monreal？Oh he's serious。

 so Nova squche is pretty fucking so you speak French？😊。

Can you say tab aboutnack with the real accent？Oh It's like the ghet my friend from New York Now one thing to notice here too。

 is notice how I go in and I open my target or main girl， if you will。 I'm not just focused on her。

 It's like I'm talking to her the most。 And you can sense the vibe that it's clear that she's the one that I like。

 However， also be aware of how I'm jumping in between her， my friends， her friends everywhere。

's not you and the girl and you ignore the friend all the time like that。😊，I would speak English too。

 I feel out when people speak English it is a little tough right it's hard I so she turned 18。

 she looks premature mature for an 18 year old， but you look a lot older。Don't mock by daughter。

 You make a great friend of her。 She's actually inside her birthday。

 She's kind of sluty Okay so notice here， too， we kind of have this inside joke now。 I'm like， yeah。

 she's 18。 She looks a little bit more mature。 And she's like， well， he's 34。 Okay。

 it's like kind of both fucking around。 And this is what you call， you know。

 in a more technical side a conspiracy theory。 know， we're like， we're both in on this。

 And we're telling her friends this bullshit， if you will。

 So it kind of reinforces togetherness or comfort。😊，Oh good girl。 She takes after her mother。

 you know。What you're kid me。I'm waiting on Joseph， she's in there my daughter。

 she just turned 18 Yeah， she have 34 I live in LA， so it's like some plastic surgery。

 Joseph Josephine Josephine。So you had a seat in there。 of chubby。 she has like a few rolls。

 about it。 So wait， what was your What was your friend。 was he freaking out。 So wait。

 what was ready What are you doing tomorrow what you recommend I' be do you recommend wise for a Friday wise。

 I'm just here for the weekend。 So I'm。😊，When I usually come， I usually go to wood。gttoNo。

 it's like better than this is like a hole in the wall have you ever been。

🎼I was I was at apartment 200。 if you know that is why are you on the French。

 No it' there's like good French。 And then there's Quebec。 I love the  Quebe love Quebe Well。

 it's it's more like for entertainment purposes。 It's like I'm here。

 And I'm so used English speaking。 So it's like， English English。 And then I hear like。😊。

And it's like little trolls like on the prairie， so it's like it's quite entertaining and I've been practicing my kid I and I find it makes me quite masculine and sexy work。

Why why are you here， you grew up here？got one of farmre Do you have a brother older。

 younger your parents support。Where are you。No， why would you say that That is forward of me。 Yeah。

 I' have a younger brother。 Why it's like interrogation girl。 So you go to school。

 swear Do watch movie high school musical。 Do you love it。 I love it。 I do don't This is private。

It's a private conversation we're having a moment we're having a serious conversation so she knows I'm a very serious person and this is what 18 old talk about high school fucking music You can't be 18 and be in high school in Canada。

In Switzerland you that's like last year 1718 I have a kid fuckinglucking Josephine， God damn it。

Despite fucking making awesome it's pretty bad。SheShe's a fruit spirit she's wild like that all she does is just smoke pot all day she has no aspirations in life people Switzerland peoples。

Yeah， it's really bad。 And that's all she does。 like people make fun of her for weight。

 So that's all she has just the drugs。 my ex wife used to mock her too。

 like you little bun come here your little bun's like she cries she smoke she be as hungry mocking my daughter。

Okay， so again， be very aware of the dynamic。Notice how I talk to the group a bit。

 then I bounce her off to the side。 Okay I'm maximizing the one on one。 Okay you have to do that。

 create togetherness。 then I reunite， separate， reunite， separate And here when I reunite。

 you can also tell you know that the girls say getting attracted and a little bit more than the friends by just how she reacts。

 I tell the joke， all the friends giggle and she's like like you know almost falling to the floor。

 she has that heightened you know spike of emotions， if you will。 And even when I do that。

 I'm saying the joke to everyone， but then I'm turning it to her why are you mocking her okay keep that you know one on one dynamic going。

Oh。Well， I'm sorry， how do you say in white women， How do you say？

I want to hear the accent likeI was actually in Winnipeg last week。

I live in America I'm from the French part。 there's three languages。

 French German' the one I have is La。😊，These are shorter land。ますごい。Even there， what's the dynamic。

 I'm grounded， I'm centered。 Okay， am I doing much， Sa versus some of the previous videos， Of course。

 not， but I'm doing it right。 Okay， I'm still grounded。

 I'm still self amusing not to in such an extreme level， But I am。 I'm still doing my own thing。

 and slowly， but surely， they're getting sucked in and they're all reacting to me。

 If you look at it here。 I'm the center。 and they're like， oh my God， no Sir。 Oh my God。

s sweeter in this guy。 and they're all getting sucked in。 And what's interesting with this one， too。

 is I'm not even in the club。 You know， if you look at it， there's a fence。

 there's a barrier between me and all these girls。 yet， you don't notice it。 And everyone forgets。

ca they're just so captivated by this vibe。😊，I'm like a school trip。 That was right。

And unfortunately here， you can't really see it because there's the black bars。

 but the main girl's eyes are just like。Like just staring as I lean in and out。

 like you just sense like， you， if you ever heard the anime eyes， like like， you know， Bambi eyes。

 that's what's happening here。 Okay， extremely attracted by just me being me。 Oh my God。

I remember my school trip 16 years ago。you might know the girl on the couch Don't mock her。

 She's a free spirited woman。 she does I give her condos every night so you know she that I don't any because I'm so secure boys try was I' I don't want to be in the as my daughter。

 No， I was。😊，I was at the other club， the apartment 200， so I just don't remember how this happened。

You grab me as I want him by。I don't think okay。You're like， w， you're my dream guy。

 at other that guy。 at that guy。That New。your f with wait how's your friends from New York。

 I'll give you the truth。I was born in Switzerland。 I moved to Los Angeles four and a half years ago。

 I'm actually 25， and I've been traveling around for the past few years。 So that's I'm here，😊。

you did， you did。But I always wish I had like a little pet， like a little chubbbby little kid。

like a be like a be。 Actually， you know what I would do if I did have a kid I would。

It's fucked up but like is a social experiment what I was dreaming doing is like say you have a girl and like you raise her as a boy It's like till wet age is she gonna realize she's a girl like you call him like Tim and you're like Tim。

 you're a good boy Tim， you're a good boy， It's like what is she gonna realize like seven There's a horror movie like that。

What time is the space closed， by the way？F going in there， come for routineoutin next door。Okay。

 so what do I do here， I'm basically kind of sussing out， you know how to make this happen。 Okay。

 we already covered this in the beginning。 it's you going in， fucking around， building the fun。

 you know， building that connection here， it's clear。 it's on。 You have to start thinking， okay。

 how can I make this happen Okay， so ask what time does the club pose 3， and that's in like。

I don't know， like 10，15 minutes or something like that， 15 minutes， I'd say。And I'm like， okay。

And I'm like， well， you know what it come for a Putoutin， which is this Montreal dish。

 It's like extremely unhealthy， like all these fries and cheese and stuff。

 But why am I saying that just as an excuse to get her out because there's a putoutin place literally next door to this club。

said no said no there's no after party then on three。

 everything's done here actually shooting to six this。daughter。Thats are you a fan of。think。Now。

 notice， too， they don't immediately grasp onto it。 And that's fine。 Okay。

 what a lot of guys do with logistics， like， oh， Putin or after party。

 and they just hang on to after party after party。 Putin， here I'm totally fine。 I'm like， oh， Putin。

 they change a topic。 They're like， oh， you know everything closes。

 I' like so there's no after parties。 It's like， I don't need an answer to that。 You know。

 it's like take your time。 totally chill。 And then here I suddenlyly call back to have been in a funny way。

 Are you a fan of Putin and I kinda laugh Okay， I'm in no major rush。 Put。😊。

that's like my dream thing well yeah， it's like a dream thing。's like man。

 this guy just came out of nowhere。She whipped ands off his belt。I know you're 8。

's like it probably all white like oh my God， Johnny， the missionary position， Oh my god。

And this is something I like to do too okay so again。

 taking my time with the logistics and here I just kind of start fucking around a bit okay and you have to do a mix of the two it's like logistics fuck around logistics fuck around and I kind of frame it where it's like oh you're 18。

 you know a white vanilla I was mocking the stereotypes if you will okay that's one of the you know humor buttons that I can push within myself if you will and you have to ask yourself what are yours。

I know it's a little dig so what do you do then do you work or do you study what my sisters actually moving in Montreal？

End of August No， that's actually true。's， she's 23。

 She's coming here for masters in art going one That's。 I science。あ。Do I not live？

You don't look like the sharpest tool in the she， let just say。

She is the sharpest like full nerd about what about you。mer of course， why， just fucking idea。

I thought I'd be provoking you guys went to high school together took are you going to cry。

 do you want to talk about it。It's a good thing pretty It's a I that your。

 I know everybody What do you doow， you're tall shit Wow。

 thought nice to be It's a golf What do you do， What This guy's weirdest fuck What do you me She was talking about shit。

TakeThis is。now I call back to the Okay I'm like fun。

 fun fun and notice I'm also making a proactive effort to say hi to every single one of her friends okay why because if I want to pull her if I want to take her somewhere where we can cement the moment if you will？

All her friends here， guess what， if you don't talk to him， if you don't befriend them。

 you're fucked okay， they're going to be like， hell， no， we don't know this guy。

This place sucks bounce what it's closing in take to theout I want to go for routineout and I don't want to go alone。

So I'm just feeling it out too。 Okay， I'm not like come， let's go I'm like come routine。

 and I just wait to see what she says。 Okay， remember you plant the seed and she'll come up with all her excuses or objections。

 And she's like， I'm here with like 20 people。 So as an alternative you know I just plant the seed we'll take your friend with you。

 Take her with you。 it's like you can take two of them。

 And then out there will make them feel okay separating from the huge group And then all I need is to throw one to my friends on her friend and it's a wit。

😊，Re now。😊，we grandmother like。Like love her like look。

That is pretty bad Do you are you a fan of the busy Kiick？She's in a higher French than I am。Saco，co。

 the。The might's cub accent sucks。You actually come from casino with us。

 I think right next to they do beout bookss this place closing anyway。

Its like clothing give be for the night or clothing with forever。

I don't live here for the night college。Oh， I sure I I'm not very original。 Yeah， I she's Juliet。

 I have a son， Julius。So what is sounds。That's how we roll。

 that's how we roll everything's like it's like a shade of a color。We're quite cool。

 surprise you know that book， Did you read it？🎼は对对。I read the first chapter。

 and it was like reading about me。 Am I not mad。 That's what girls。 So just a little sign up。

 what am I doing here。 I'm just gaming this girl， making sure， again。

 like she likes me enough to maybe want to leave with me and her friend later。 Okay。

 so myman girl's there。 She's good to go。 Now you got to start thinking logistically the same as the beginning。

 befriend everyone here at the end。 you need your backup。 Okay。

 so I'm like trying to befend this girl here。 Like I always wish I was a girl so I could be myself in all honesty。

😊，You what girl myself We to walk around with me realness。 You can get back in。

 I know they got she' right here just on the other side。 you can watch on the other side。你感です。

Brinie Doc happy ATO girl do it， Briy adventure， you can live your boring K wise life and a wise。

Now what am I doing the same thing Okay adventure， you can live your boring life otherwise。

 let's go real fast and then I'm babysiping it。 we're just going on the other side you can watch。

 you can come and I'm babysping the pull Okay and here I managed to get around to the fence I don't keep going Okay don't rush it just move for one step closer Okay everyone okay with it one step closer。

 one step closer， so on and so forth。Yeah we're saying right here。

 we're just going on the other side，you can't see it's just like this。

 I just wanted more to be closer。 I just wanted to hold her。

 we make a horrible And then you'll see me do this as well。 I mention it here。

 and then I'll kind of repeat it。 You know in the next minute or so。

 pretty much going up to all friends like do we make a hot couple， are we cute。

 are we perfect together and just getting every single one of her friends to approve Okay。

 so in her mind she't feel like oh， I'm such alu。 Its like look they all like him perfect Do we look like brother sister brother We do make a hot couple minute lips I like little babies。

 two months， two months pregnant， Keep holding me， Keep holding No your name is no longer。😊。

What do was like what property。Property again， remember not stupid one。It's science。Oh that's how。

Great。It's like the mean thing， what's your name？🎼你说饭了，小朋友啊徐两徐两这哦，是啊，对。Sarah， like Sarah Pa。Well。

 not anymore， what's your new name？her new name is name is Do you think we made a hot couple Yes。

Honestly， do you approve of this Oh， nice to meet you。 I'm a shy little guy。 I'm a shy little boy。

 Do you approve of us hot or not come， hold me。Property。あ。Just walk you down the block。

So what I basically do is I just keep this vibe going till the club closes and this is pretty key to understand an interaction doesn't progress vertically but horizontally okay a lot of guys they go in and they try to escalate escalate more escalate。

 escalate more escalate more app of attraction hoping that that will lead towards sex when in reality you just have to go vertically enough so that she starts emotionally investing you know you see the Bambi she starts getting attracted and from there once you reach that point of good enough。

 you need to maintain her there horizontally for a longer period of time for her emotions to do what they need to do and then ideally you know lead her in a place where you can then proceed vertically。

And this way I did here， go in。Do my thing get attracted and then just keep doing more of the same。

 Just keeping her there。 Okay， and it's more of the same， not in terms of me。

 say only being funny or only being serious because that's bad。 You know。

 if you're funny for too long， it goes from funny to insecure the guy who can't slow down。

 It's more so more of the same of me keeping her and then emotionally invested state。 Okay And here。

 I'm like， you know what， arm。 and then just start walking。

 Okay And here I'm slowly leading towards you know， where I'm staying。

 which is down the street here to the right。 And then it's like a couple blocks over。

You just wipe me down the bar。Walk us down the block， walk me just to the intersection。That's all I。

Where are you This to the right。 It's straight。あ。At least it's more adventurous。

 so you can live your boring like you can live your little boring life， fucking Montreal。

That your little boring little friends who are 18 years on， fucking Switzerland way better。

It's way better， I've been there。of you ever travel to America Oh my god， where did you bring me？

Just here， just here it there。So， it's like。Two blocks there。

 bring one of your friends I'm staying at the West。See name here， I do。

 but I'm saying it the because it's a weekend shit。

I'll tell your friends like Texan later like I'll you guys in a little bit。It's two blocks。

Adventure I know text them。 they'll kill you No， I already someone's already coming after me。 Okay。

 so what's happening here。 I'm like， just walk me to the intersection， Walk me to the corner。 Okay。

 babystping at a getter there。I'm like just come two blocks， two blocks， two blocks。

 And I find out here she's staying at the West， so they're all staying at this hotel together for some event。

 even though they live in Montreal。 So as soon as I hear that I'm kind of like a shit。

 like that's extremely difficult to。s say get them apart so I'm like you know it just come just come and you can kind of see too in her demeanor and vibe like the logical side of her brain and the emotional side of her brain kind of debating like emotionally she wants to but logically she's like God。

 they're gonna kill me they're all going think I'm a slu oh my God you know and you have to really soothe that side for her to do what she emotionally wants to do and she's kind of debating and she looks back and she's like look one's already coming for me and one of her friends is coming to get her and you're just going for a drink。

Or it's oh， so take her with you till where's Madison？Who's my friend， my。Hi friends。

How you cominghu the fuck Come with us。 How are you with us。

 I' gonna you No we're gonna back So here， I'm like， oh come with us， come with us。 And I ask her。

 where's my friend Madison。 And he is a buddy of mine who was talking to her。 So I'm like， oh。

 I could take him。 I could take her。 my girl perfect。 And I'm like come with us。 He's like， no。

 we're gonna go back。 And it's like the seriousness。 I'm like， fuck。 my expression kind of like。

 God damn it。😊，So in that case I'm kind of like well， this is kind of fucked like this girl。

 even with me winning or overgaming her， she's still like no no， no， no， no。

 like just very you know like my friend staying with me so unfortunately here I'm going to opt for the phone number okay and a way to do that you know because here even if I pull the phone out in front of this girl。

I mean， it would probably be okay， but I wast making it habit of being discreet。

 So one of the lines that saved me many times in the past be it with girls or even， you know。

 groups of girls with those guys because sometimes the guys with friends with the girls。

 they don't you know， they get a little jealous。 So like， hey， you gotta go。 So I'm like， okay。

 I'll say goodbye。 just two minutes。 Cany say goodbye， two minutes。And by saying that。

They know you're leaving。 They're happy。 Okay， he's saying goodbye。

 but then advise buys you two minutes of times to discreetly get the phone number and try to plan。

 you know， meeting up with them later when the friends aren't there。

 So this is what I do with this girl here。 No， no， because is coming too。 I know。 Yes， go drink。

I'm okay， I'm sorry another time， Little girl， little girl。Yeah own life is taller than you。

I'm sorry， no， you're tired。Can I say goodbye then can I have like two minutes say goodbye say goodbye to her？

Yeah， she't been drinking I'm sober too actually I't drink you I'm just you're trying to get on drunk girl I'm not drunk drunk。

Yeah。right Bob， before you go， what are you let me say goodbye， fine。

 what are you doing tomorrow then？I don't know or what are you doing later if can you d them later like in 20 minutes what's tomorrow to us Friday？

What about later tonight， Can you， Okay， so what do I do there， Okay， basically I'm like， hey。

 can you dig them later， I know you have to go with them。 I know your is a big group。

 Your friends is not gonna let you go。 but hey， let's exchange numbers。

 unless let see if you can d him in 20 minutes。 say back at the hotel or something。

 or maybe I can meet you at the hotel and something can happen there。 Okay， So I was thinking。

 what's the soonest， we can make this happen。 And she's like， maybe。

 and then even here she kind of looks around， make sure no one's hearing or she's not being judged again。

 that constant debate of the emotional side of her brain and the logical side。 And here I discreetly。

 note discreetly go for the phone number。I'll secretly grab your number。Just a second。

 I'm saying goodbye。One second。Yeah。7，9，9。I'll text few and maybe have me later then。promiseise。

likeDon't bite me。じ。Quickly sneak a little kiss。 And even here， like， I mean， I love this scene here。

 You can see the power of the peer group as soon as I say goodbye， she literally gets like。😊。

Like it's like a wave of them just grabbing her back in to their group so you can just sense like holy shit。

 it's pretty comical。I'll text you， what's my name？最一棒。We easier。 you're the one。や。あ。

I didn't do anything， I just shook grand goodbye。So with this video here， Okay。

 really notice the contrast， say， for example， versus the porn star that I also got the number where it was just a lot more。

 let's just say out there。 Okay both were turned on。 Both were down。 however。

 you don't have to am as high as the porn star。 Okay that for me was just as fun as this one。

 but it's coming from a place of I'm doing it because I want to do this versus I need to do this。

 Okay what do you need to do the bare minimum。 Okay， and always be aware， too， of you know。

 making it relatable Okay， notice if the girl tense notice what resonates with the girl and learn how to switch gears。

 Okay， don't be like， it's only this way。 Okay from there。 get her emotionally invested。

 maintain it horizontally don't just get tunnel vision on the girl。 Okay。

 game all the friends as well， make sure they all approve and don't forget to start thinking how can I make this happen。

 it's not gonna magically happen and。If you get the phone number， okay。

 I always try to see her again or day to her， if you will as soon as possible。 Okay。

 so I hope you enjoyed this video， go out， apply it and。Good luck。

