# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：6.生活方式_6. Lifestyle：20让事情变得轻松_20. Making Things Easy On Yourself【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， what you have to realize is that you're gonna have to make a certain lifestyle shift as well。

 I've kind of been hinting at this throughout this entire program。 But basically。

 your lifestyle has to be congruent to the new you that you want to become。

 and it's going to be a lot harder for you to succeed if everything in your life just keeps getting in your fucking way。

 you need to make changing who you are， know， better in yourself as a person a priority。

 And then from there， make things easy on yourself and align everything else in your life with that。

 What you have to remember is that you're constantly been influenced by everyone and everything that's around you。

 And if the only things that you change in your day to day life are adding the 30 minutes minimum of going out and interacting with women。

 and the 20 minutes of meditation， you know， and everything else just remains the same。

 It's always going to be an uphill battle。 it's going to be very difficult for you to succeed。

 because guess what your current lifestyle is based off of。Your current identity。 Okay。

 and it's designed to keep you in place。 We talked about this before。 Okay。

 guys come to seminars and they listen to me talk for like to three hours。 And what happens。

 They're extremely motivated。 You know， they're in touch with this new reality。

 and what happens after the seminar。 They go back to their day to day life。

 they get caught up in the routine caught up in the daily habits and lose sight of this new reality。

 so in order for you to keep it alive。 you're gonna to have to change pretty much everything about your current lifestyle。

 And you're really gonna have to reorganize it all。

 and that starts with being very aware of what is influencing you and in what way。

 start being very aware of what you let into your headspace。 remember， we're like sponges。

 And from there， you have to create boundaries and cut off anything that takes more than it gives。

 any negative influence， anything that's not helping you move forward and make this shift。

 you have to cut it off。😊，And you really have to be ruthless here。 Okay。

 you're gonna have to cut off mainstream media。 things like commercials， gossip。

 all of that bullshit， all of that noise。 because that's really what it is。

 the more you look at the media， the less you actually know you're gonna have to cut that off。

 why because it takes more than it fucking gives。 you may get a temporary high off of it。 know。

 it's external stimulus you may get temporary distracted from all of your worries。

 But what is it also doing， it's conditioning you to the wrong things and it's dumbing you down。

 and it's not fucking worth it。 So cut that off and replace it with real information。

 start reading books instead， listening to audio books， know， for example， now。

 similar to trading habits， which we discussed before。

 know you can't just delete or get rid of a habit， You have to replace it with a new habit。

 the same applies here。 you can't just get rid of a certain influence and just delete it。 You have。

Place it with something else。 So here you're trading noise for real information。

 Do the same with listening to the radio。 Okay， it always shocks me when people have to commute for hours。

 you know， driving to their job and back。 and they decide to spend that time listening to the fucking radio。

😡，Okay， listening to noise basically when they could be trading that influence for audiobooks。Okay。

 trade noise for information and stop wasting your time like that as we talked about before。

 cut off booze， drugs or any kind of external stimulus， replace that with meditation， for example。

 cut off friends friends who are cut up in negativity， victim mindset。

 friends where there's just always a lot of drama with them friends who always have that need to impress and you can't be present with cut them off and replace them with new friends who are on the same path of bettering themselves as you And with this one too don't hate them or look down on them。

 because that'll happen where guys are like， oh， you're right， cut off my friends。

 they fucking suck their inferior don't do that they're not bad people just remember as we previously discussed that with you changing who you are。

 it's going to create chaos， know within the dynamic of the group and people want familiarity So they're gonna to try to hold you back and it also shines a light on their own personal。

Issues okay， now when you do this， too， don't just cut off all your friends and then， you know。

 you just stop taking action。 Okay， or then you're gonna be left alone。

 cut off your friends and make sure to get new friends and realize。

 too that this will oftentimes just happen very naturally know the more you start changing the more you're gonna have trouble relating to your old friends and you'll just you know。

 naturally just gravitate apart Okay and this one can be tough because， you know， you can feel bad。

 You're like shit， you know， I've spent all these years with these people。

But what I always say is I would rather move ahead and better myself as a person and hopefully inspire them to change as well and be proud that I'm taking right action than stay who I am to please my friends and regret it the rest of my life。

And what you'll realize， too， with time is that the new friendships that you form with other people who are also on this journey of you know transcending who they are。

 I mean， those friendships are gonna be so powerful。 I mean， those are the best friendships。

 You could possibly fucking form， cut off emotions that don't help you。

 get a grasp over your emotions and limit them down to only the ones that are helping you move forward。

 meditation will help with this one here。 and cut off environments that don't help you either。

 for example， if you live in a small town in the middle of nowhere， move to a big city。 Okay。

 move to a big city where there's more opportunity to get reference experiences。 Now。

 don't use this one is an excuse either。 if you're like， oh， I'm in a small town。

 I guess I can't do this， shut the fuck up。 I learned game in the very beginning in Switzerland。

 and I would go out in a city of 1 hundred and 10000 people。 and I there were plenty of references。

 I never got a bad rep or anything like that。 So don't let it limit you， but。In bigger picture。 Okay。

 move towards environments with more opportunity。 And this applies to your job as well。 You know。

 if you have a job that's not conductive to you changing who you are and that's not in alignment with that new you who you want to become You may want to start thinking about moving away from that。

 Now， do this in a smart way。 don't just quit。 know if you're working right now， you're like。

 you know what， fuck my job or some guys will say this there in college。 You know what， fuck college。

 I'm just gonna go game。 don't just do that。 that's extremely risky。

 a book I'd recommend checking out is the education of millionaires by Michael Ellsberg。

 where he talks about making this transition。 You know from what you need to do to survive like college work towards what you want to do what you would love to do in a smart way。

 Okay， to really minimize the risk。 So check that book out if you're thinking about moving away from what you're currently doing。

 And overall， I mean， I would really say， just start thinking about all of this。 Okay。

 start looking at your current lifestyle。Being aware of what influences you in which way。

 start trading out influences for better ones and really reorganizing and restructuring it all to make a congruent to the new you who you want to become and so things are not just fucking harder than they should be okay。

 make things easy on yourself。