# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：3.行动_3. Action：13得到你的推荐信_13. Getting Your References【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The more reference experiences you get in the shortest amount of time possible。

 the faster you're going to progress and get good at this。 Okay， this is really what it's all about。

 You go out， you gather as many references as possible as fast， as fucking possible。

 And the best places to go get them are places like bars and nightclubs。 Now， when you hear this。

 most people's immediate reaction are I don't like clubs。 know， clubs， especially。

 I really don't like clubs。 They're just way too loud， too crowded。 know。

 it's like I don't like the music。 It's scary。 clubs are very， very scary。 The girls are too young。

 They're drunk。 They're sluts， they're bitchy， They're fake。 I don't really want， you know。

 no club girls。 I'd rather avoid that。 And if you are avoiding places like nightclubs。

 you are just fucking， retarded。 now， why is that。 nightclubs really are the best places to get reference experiences because they give you an unlimited number of women to practice on。

's say high volume。You don't have to waste time。 in between interactions。

 looking for the next girl to talk to。 Okay， you go into a nightclub。 It's crowded。 Yeah。

 but that's fucking good。 you can just walk in， talk to one girl， Talk to the next。

 talk to the next turn around another ones there and you can gather reference experiences fast and this is what it's about。

 You don't waste time。 remember value your fucking time。 if you go out during the day。

 unless you're in a place like New York or London where it's also high volume environments depending on where you go。

 you're gonna waste time like fucking crazy。 I see guys do this all the time they go out during the day and they walk around the mall know similar to the movie jaws where they're like that one and then they talk to her and it ends and then they spend 30 minutes roaming through the mall until they spot the next one。

 And it's like to that one。 so on and so forth。 And in the span of like2，3 hours。

 they may talk to like five girls and you just get five references for 2，3 hours。Of your time。

 that's just fucking ridiculous。 value or fucking time and realize， too。

 that the more optionality you have the dumbmer you can be the more mistakes you can make if you go out to a nightclub。

 It's theres just one girl and you have just one chance， one opportunity。 You're like oh my God。

 I better be fucking on point and succeed I'm that's it。 in a nightclub。 There are tons of women。

 therere an abundance of women and you can afford to fuck up with some because you can just keep moving on and talking to the next。

 you'll never run out a fucking women and there's not all that added pressure。 and realize， too。

 that in nightclubs if think the girls are like my God，'re so sluty。 It's like sluts to go there。

 I mean， of course there are like the regulars who go out all the time。 But guess what。

 the girls you see in the street。 you walk， go into a bookstore like look at her。 seems smart。

 guess what。 She goes out to club。 She goes out to bars。

 she doesn't just lock herself up in her fucking room every night。 And if she did most like。

She'll be a little weird and won't have good social skills and won't be that fun to hang out with。

 Okay it's the same women during the day at night。 And with clubs too。

 the logistics are in your favor。 you go to a nightclub。 You go to a bar。

 people are gonna be there for a while。 it's not like if you go out during the day and the logistics are against you。

 people are going places。 they don't have time to meet someone new。

 They don't have time to have a long interaction and the brevity of exchange during the day is going to kill you。

 you need a maximum amount of time to practice on you don't just want these like five secondcon little interactions where people are busy go somewhere where they're going to be there for a while and you can just practice practice practice。

 There are a lot of people to practice on and you can practice on them for a long fucking time。

 It also gives you anonymity。 as we talked about before you can't avoid rejection。

 you're going to have to fuck up。's how you get good and you get a feel for the general dynamic and it's best to get。

You know， rejection references out of the way in a place like a nightclub。

 Okay where the vibe is very light。 You know， people are having fun。

 They're not taking things too seriously and you don't stand out as much。 Okay now。

 don't get paranoid with this。 as we talked about before， people forget。

 they don't really give a fuck about you。 But there is a difference。

 know if you go out to a Starbucks and you're like， know everyone sitting down quiet。

 You walk up and you get rejected， people notice you。

 Okay and then if you go up to the next girl and everyone already say youre rejected like what the fuck is guy doing。

 And a nightclub， you talk to someone， it doesn't go well， just walk， you know。

 a couple feet over and now you just disappeared in the crowd and you don't stand out as much and girls will be more willing to。

Talk to you。 They'll be okay with you。 Just mass approaching And if things go bad you know。

 it won't be taken as seriously because everyone's just like， fuck it in the moment。

 And there's the next shiny little object， the next song the DJ plays They'll forget about you a lot faster。

 so go to nightclubs。 don't make the mistake of starting out and practicing on your social circles。

 guys will do that where they're like， okay， learn all this。

 and I'm gonna practice on the girls I see every day or the girls I work with and that is so retarded。

 Okay， you are going to fuck up。 Don't fuck up there。 Okay go out cold approach strangers。

 go talk to people， know where there's no repercussions on your daytoday life。

 And once you start getting a feel for it， you start developing， you know your skill set。

 then just casually transfer that into your day to day life。 with the excuse。 Clubs are scary。

 what I would say is hell yeah， they are。 know， I was scared， too。

 the first time everyone went to a nightclub。 I start it out during the day because I was。

Scared to go out at night。 And I remember the first time I went out。

 my friend dragged me to this club， and I was so scared。 I didn't talk to anyone。

 I've never felt that uncomfortable in my life。 I was like， oh my God， Oh my God。

 it's so loud the music， The people And I spent the whole night just sitting down in a corner next like this loud speaker as I could just feel my body just vibrating like。

Like traumatized。Okay， I mean， it is。 You know， it's a scary， hectic environments。

 with a lot of competition， too。 You know， it's like you go out， it's all like during the day。

 if you see a girl just walking down the street by herself in a nightclub。

 she's most likely with friends。 You know， the hotter girl， too。

 Most likely she's gonna have guys with her。 So you see all these guys are whole peer group。

 there's competition， there's competition with strangers， you know， other guys talking to her。

 there's competition with the music， the DJ， the drinks， the dance floor。

 there's all this hectic shit。 and it's tough。 Okay。

 but be fucking happy that it's tough and be happy that it's scary。 Okay。

 why is that Because the tougher the playground， the better you get inside。 Okay， learning how to。

Interact with women in such a hectic environment is， you know。

 pretty similar to learning how to swim。 I like your first time swimming。

 you're just thrown into the middle of the fucking ocean。 There's a storm， there's waves。

 and some guys just like punching you in the face as you're trying to learn。 It's tough。

 But if you can master it there， if you go to like the kid pool， It's a joke in comparison。 Okay。

 if you can desensitize yourself to hectic environments like nightclubs and be able to operate in that environment。

 you'll be at ease anywhere。 literally anywhere。 It's like。

 if you can just feel comfortable in a club， the daytime is a joke in comparison。

 even bars are jokes in comparison。 no matter what environment you're in， you'll just be like。😊。

Easy fucking peasy。 okay and with time to， you know， the more you tip， you know。

 your assumption balance， from to negative， scary assumptions， deposit positive assumptions。

 instead of thinking， oh my God， the clubs scary place。 you're gonna view as like your arena of fun。

 That's really how I view it。 I'm like right now， I'm like， fuck yeah。

 let's go the club arena of fun and every time I enter， I'm just like you know， daddy's home。

 It's like I've arrived， I feel just as comfortable in a club is I am right here， talking to you。

 Now， in terms of actually getting the references。 once you're at a club。 open everyone。 Okay。

 you want to be a social guy， talk to fucking everyone。 every single reference experience。

 interacting with women doesn't matter who she is how smart she is how beautiful。

 she is just women in general is valuable。 Okay， common excuse I hear all the time is I just want to talk to hot girls。

 know I don't want to waste my time with girls， I don't like。 And if you do that， your progress。

This is going be very slow。 Okay， Why is that， Because if you just talk to hot girls when you go out。

 there may be like 3，4，5 who you find attractive。 and that's all you get a whole night out。

 you just get five reference experiences。 Okay， talk to every girl there。Okay。

 it doesn't matter who she is。 Get the fucking reference。 Now。

 don't sleep with the ones you're not attracted to。 you know。

 sleep with the ones you're attracted to， but treat them with the same level of commitment。 Okay。

 play serious game on every girl。 don't just half acid。 If you're like， whatever。

 she's not that attractive。 You know， whatever， I'm not gonna play serious game because you're wasting a fucking reference。

 Okay， your results aren't parallel to how hot you approach but how hard you work。😡。

Okay and don't associate your actions with the results either。 Okay， sometimes on program。

 I'll tell a guy get her number。 and he'll look at me be like， I don't like her。

 Why would I get her number， And it doesn't matter。 Okay， get her number。

 You can delete it after All the matters is your actions。 Okay， getting the reference。

 forgetge about the fucking results。 guyss will do this too。 You know， it's like， bring her home。

 It's like I don't want to bring her home。 I don't like her。 You don't have to sleep with her。 Okay。

 you can just bring her home。 just to practice bringing her home and get a reference of doing it。

 You know， guys think that they're just gonna magically rise to the occasion。

 They don't practice bringing a girls home and they're just waiting for that girl。

 they're really attracted to to just do it。And that's just ridiculous。

 It's like you have zero references doing this。 And you think you're just gonna rise to the occasion。

 F no， that's like a guy who just thinks that he's gonna wait till see's that perfect girl to do his first approach。

 get references under your belt。 do the heavy lifting before it happens。 you have to prepare for it。

 If you just bring tons of girls home。 even girls you're not attracted to and you don't sleep with。

 once you see your dream girl， you'll know exactly how to do it。

 She may have the same logistics as one of the girls。

 you already brought back who you weren't attracted to。

 And now you know exactly how to fucking deal with them。 And remember， too， this is about you。

 not the girl。 this is about you better yourself as a person cultivating an attractive personality。

 putting yourself out there and sharing who you are with the world。

 don't discriminate who you interact with。 guys will do this。 They go out they're like， oh。

 she's not attractive enough to experience me。 that one is don't do that。

 let everyone experience you。Everyone get attracted to you。 and then you pick the ones you like。

 Okay， don't just be like， oh， she's not beautiful and just try to take value from the ones you're attracted to。

 give， give， give。 Okay， the more you put out， the more you're gonna get in return。

 If you only attractive with women who you find attractive。

 You're going to be placing them on a pedestal。 you're gonna be going out。 You're like。

 there are the girls I not really that attracted to more girls， she's not good enough。

 she's not good enough。 that one。 Okay， and're like， man， she's the one， she's really。

 really beautiful， I better not fuck it up because if I fuck it up， I'm left with this。

 and you're gonna be attached to the outcome， you're gonna care way too much， you're gonna be needy。

 you're gonna be desperate and that is going to repel her。 Okay， if you want to get those really。

 really beautiful women。 you better be willing to talk to everyone and have just as much fun talking to everyone。

 I had a clients in Miami。 This is a couple years ago。 He came on program And he's like， hey， man。

You know， I've been getting really good。 I can get like these girls。 I find attractive， you know。

 fairly consistently， but I can't really get those like really。

 really gorgeous girls and we went out and he could not have fun talking to women who he didn't find attractive。

 He'd be like just a waste of time。 I don't really like talking to them。

 I just want to talk to those really beautiful girls。 And that was his problem there。

 because he was only talking to those beautiful girls and he know thought that they had more value than the girls he wasn't attractive to。

 he just cared too much to get them。 And the first half of the program was me sending him to talk to women who he didn't find attractive。

 He got be like go talk to her， go talk to her until you have genuine fucking fun。

 And you could sense the resistance。 The guy was like， oh， this sucks。

 I want to be talking to that girl over there。 or he'd be like looking around like oh。

 there's a beautiful one there。 And I'm like， no parties here。 Talk to this one here。

 have genuine fun here first。 Okay ass a little side note to。

 if you catch yourself scanning the environment for beautiful women。 You're placing the value。😊。

Elsewhere， you're saying， oh my God， the better parties over there。 not here。 Okay， no。

 the parties with you， no matter who you're talking to， no matter where you are。 Okay。

 so I'd send him in to talk to all these women。 And at some point， he comes up。

 he comes back to me He's like， hey。I actually had genuine fucking fun。 I'm like awesome。

 I go to that one there。 went up， got the most beautiful girl there。 Okay， why。

 because he was able to have fun with everyone。 Okay and when you have fun with everyone。

 there are no pedestals。 Everyone is not the same level and you could be talking to a gorgeous girl and you're like。

 well， if it doesn't go well。 guess what， I could talk to this other girl here who's not that attractive。

 but I'm gonna have genuinely just as much fun。 And because of that you don't care as much。

 know you don't care at all。 You're like， I'm enough。

 I don't really need this because there are so many other girls here， it's completely fine。

 I'm just in full abundance。 And because you don't care。

 girls will automatically care more than you and she's gonna start chasing and that's really how you get them。

 Okay， the way I usually go about my nights is I walk in the club， I'm really just focused on me。

 I'm like， okay， it's my party， the values here。 And I just walk around and just talk to everyone there。

 It's like whatever girl just enters my little know peripheral。

 I'm just gonna to talk to her and share the fun。Like here， some fun， some fun， some fun。

 And then I trust them because I talk to everyone。 you know， I take a lot of action。

 If there is a beautiful girl there。 at some point， I'm gonna to talk to her。

 I don't need to scan and find her And once side do I'll just stick on her。 It's like's going。

's it going， how's it going Oh wow， this girl's really there's a lot of chemistry。

 she's really beautiful bang and then you have her so stop scanning or trying just start assuming and really take on the mindset of how would you act if you knew that at the end of the night。

 you'd get that gorgeous girl， would you be able to have genuine fun with girls。

 you're not that attracted to the answer is yes， stop placing them on such a high pedestal know fuck around with everyone And the last thing I'd say is if you're judging women based on how attractive you find them like that one's not as beautiful。

 She's lesser value， you're reinforcing a reality where everyone is judging each other because you're judging all these women。

 you think that people are judging you the same way and that。Going to paralyze you。

 You we're gonna get caught up in trying to be cool。 This is something I see where guys like， oh。

 I'm just trying to be cool。 I'm not gonna try anything too risky And oh what does it say about me if I talk to this girl who's not that attractive or people judging me and you're fucked instead。

 reinforce a judgment free reality。 Okay where it's all good no one cares no one cares if you talk to girl not that attractive you shouldn't either it's extremely low value to even be thinking that people judging me。

 it's like do what you want Okay most likely to， if a beautiful girl sees you talking to an unattractive girl。

 She's going to like that。s fight that attractive becauses like， this guy doesn't give a fuck。

 he can just loosen up， he's having fun awesome。 know it's like that movie wedding crashers where Vince Va is like dancing with the old lady。

 you're not like he's dancing with the old lady。 what does that say about him just shows that he's just the life of the party。

 He doesn't give a shit， he's the warm end of the pool and people always want to be around that。

 that carefree type of。Energy that not giving a fuck vibe and just massive fun。

 And that theres where you want to cultivate and realize too that girls will be whatever you expect them to be。

 So if you're like， oh she' the hot girl。 Oh my God， it's a big deal。

 she's gonna fall into that frame and it is gonna be like oh shit I guess it is a big deal and she's gonna hold off sleeping with you。

 remember what you talked about before。 fun， Carefree loosen up。 it's all good。 it's all fun。

 that's how she loosens up， and that's how you get her。

 It's not about being all uptight and caring way too much。 so go to clubs。

 go to high volume environments。 talk to everyone play serious game on everyone and gather as many solid reference experiences as possible as fast as possible。

 That's how you get good。 the reason I'm able to do the things that I do now is because I have so many fucking references。

 I have more references then a normal person would naturally gather in a lifetime。 so make。

This should happen。