# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：3.行动_3. Action：12爱的拒绝_12. LOVING Rejection【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I'd say the biggest thing holding you back in terms of jumping in and taking action is fear of rejection。

 Okay， we live in a society that constantly shields are fragile little egos from failure。

 from rejection。 And we applaud potential over results。 and this is key。 people will tell you。

 you have a lot of potential， know， young man， you could accomplish anything。

 you just set your mind to。 you know， you could do this， you could do that， you could do this。

 anything you want， you know， you can fucking do it。 And you start buying into that。

 and you start picturing yourself。 you know， accomplishing those things。 You're like， yeah。

 I could do that。 You know， if I set my mind to it， I'd fucking do it。 and I could do this and this。

 and you value that。 okay， like living in that little fantasy world of potential over actually doing it and see if you can make that happen in real life。

 and risking， of course， failure and rejection。Okay。

 you fear the sacrifices in real life that it might take to get there。

 And you'd rather just spend your time living in that little world of man， if I。Committed to this。

 If I went out and interact with women， I would just fucking kill it。 And once I killed it。

 I could have this girlfriend。 and you start picturing like these beautiful women with you。

 You're like， yeah， and you just start living in that little fantasy world。

 And that there is you know another form of spectatorism。

 we talked about this before where people look elsewhere for the glory。

 It's like you live through the stories of others。 And you're like， yeah， that's awesome。 You know。

 you'll watch television movies and you know， that's like enough for you。 You're like yes， you know。

 I might not accomplish much。 but I feel like I do through this person。

 people will do that with themselves。 You know with the imaginary you who you know reaches。

 you know their potential。 It's like， yes， this is me killing it but you never actually do it。 Okay。

 so fuck potential。 value， actual results over bullshit potential。 Okay， go out and just try。

 find out if you can do it。 potential is nothing。 Re are all that matters。 Okay。

 and you have to really commit to this。 And you have to。CoseTo live a life of fucking hustle。

 ambition， determination and go all out。 Okay， there's a quote。 I read in a book that said。

 jump off life's cliffs。 Okay， and that's really the mentality you have to take on to do this。

 It's like， you know what。😡，Fuck all that。 F the safety。 F the potential。

 F the little fantasy world I'm living in。 Fuck being the little spectator。

 Let's just go fucking find out。 and let's get real epic results。 Okay， make this shit epic。

 to do this。 You really have to check your ego at the door。 Okay， because this is all ego protection。

 Okay， remember this。 You're not here to maintain an image， you're here to change。 Okay。

 you're here to make a fucking shift。 and you really have to humble yourself。

 Okay as we talked about before， be very realistic in terms of where you're at and then go from there。

 Okay， stop trying to impress。 And this is so fucking key。

 guysy get into this whole success with women。 You know， a lot of times， just to seem cool。

 it's to impress。Their friends impress other people like， look at me。 You know， I'm the shits。

 and impress themselves。 You know， it's like I just want to validate my ego。

 And as we talked about before， you really have to step away from that and let go of this low level paradigm。

 a fucking consciousness。 because this is just gonna hold you back massively you're not in this to impress anyone and you're not in this to impress yourself。

 And a lot of guys， they just feel like there's always like this little person， you know。

 just looking over their shoulder like whispering in their ear're like I must impress that person like shit。

 What does it say about me， What about this。 No， okay。

 you really have to start cultivating a judgment for your relationship with yourself and other people as well。

 if you really want to succeed at this。 a question that really illustrates this is a question like get all the time and probably something you're asking yourself right now。

 What is your batting average。 get this all the time。 guys will come up like， okay。

 so what's your your batting average right now。 know like what's your approach。Close ratio， you know。

 how many times do you get rejected because I want the no rejection method。Okay。

And this is something that a lot of people also use in terms of marketing。 You know， it's like。

 learn this and never get rejected again。 And this is just horrible。 Okay。

 you can't be asking yourself that shit。 why， because it's reinforcing a playing not to lose versus playing to win mindset okay。

 it gets you prevention oriented versus promotion oriented。 And when you go up。

 you're focusing on all the things that you don't want。

 all the things you want to prevent from happening versus all the things that you want。

 all the things that could go right you know， being promotion oriented。

 And this is bad because on one hand by you focusing on all the bad things that could happen and on preventing them from happening。

 It's going become a self- fulfillfilling prophecy and they're going to happen。

 And on the other hand， it's bad。 Why， because it gets you playing not to lose。

 It's like you just try not to get rejected and you're not even trying to fucking succeed。

 And you value not getting rejected over succeeding。

 and that's the same as what we talked about before， okay。Potential over results。

 And you really have to let that go。 What I'd also say is guys who ask， you know。

 about like your batting average。 Like like what's your batting average， What's your success rate。

 Even when they're asking that they're picturing like a high success rate is everyone liking you versus actual results。

 You know， it's like， how often do you get rejected， They're not even picturing， getting the girl。

 they're just picturing， not getting rejected， like a good night is just like going out。

 and everyone just likes you， Okay， so I mean， depends on you define success。

 is's like what's success。 I it going out and not getting rejected all night， or is it going out。

 getting rejected， but maybe at the end of the night， meeting a girl。

 you really have awesome chemistry with。 and then making something happen。You know。

 it's like what is success， Some better questions you should be asking instead of oh like what's your success rate。

 What's the batting average， How do I not get rejected， What type of women's you date， You know。

 do you generally get girls that you're attracted to。

 Do you like pickup know if you go to a new city， Could you get a girlfriend。 know。

 questions that are focused on the promotion side of things not the prevention side of things。

 and realize， too， that you know， trying to have a high success rate。

 you know like a high batting average， is the ultimate form of just being a people please， know。

 going up and trying to make everyone like you is extremely low value， Most guys do it to， you know。

 to heal their wounds when people were mean to them。 It's like fix me。

 It's like if everyone likes me， I can like myself。 fuck that。

 that's not becoming the best you can be Some girls will not like you no matter what that's the harsh truth。

 No matter how good you get， you're never going to be able to fuck any girl anyway any day。

 it's impossible。S guys， you know， I'll tell guys like， no， you know。

 you can never avoid rejection completely。 no matter how good you get。

 And they're like what you mean you can't get any girl。 mean， I mean。

 I have to keep getting rejected。 And the answer is yes。

 and you should you should keep getting rejected。 Why because you're not meant to have chemistry with every fucking girl。

 Okay it's not natural。 you're not meant to like everybody and not everybody's meant to like you。

 And if you try to make everyone like you as we discussed before。

 it's an extreme form of just being a people pleaser。 And you can try。

 you can try to pretend to be someone they'd get along with like here's this girl。

 she would probably like me if I pretended to be this guy pretended to be this guy and this guy put on this front。

 But even then it's impossible。 And even if it were， although it hurts to be rejected。

 guess what hurts more only being accepted when you're being someone that you're not。Okay。

 you're not going to like。Every girl， you're not gonna feel like closing or sleeping with every girl。

 And not every girl is gonna like you。 And that's just fine。 Okay。

 as long as you don't use is an excuse。 The way you should go about this is you just go up。

 you express your personality freely。 and then you just let the chips fall where they may。

 And don't be afraid to alienate people who don't relate。 and this is a mental shift。

 you're gonna have to make。 where you're gonna have to learn to go up and screen for girls with who you have chemistry。

 instead of wasting your time chasing people， you just shouldn't be fucking chasing。 you know。

 trying to make it work with everyone just to fuel your little ego。 A lot of guys。

 they approach girls as the seller。 you know， they go up and they try to sell themselves to everyone。

 It's like， please like me， please like me， look at this。 Look at this。 you know。

 just looking for anyone to buy。 And you're gonna have to make a shift And instead of being the seller。

 you're gonna have to start being the buyer。 When I approach girls， it's like， I'm the buyer。

 I'm approaching。 I'm not expecting everyone to like me。

 I'm just approaching and screening for girls that。get along with me。With girls who again。

 we have a nice bond， nice chemistry。 And then I just pick them。 it's not making everyone work。

 It's sore through the bullshit to find the ones you like and the ones you get along with。 Now。

 don't use this as an excuse either not to make yourself relatable。

 if you're a guy who's like really into world of Warcraft。 It's like I just love world of Warcraft。

 And I'm gonna talk about that。 And if they don't like it， there was no chemistry。 it's like， no。

 you still have to have a certain amount of social intelligence。 You know， social intuition。

 And don't use this as an excuse。 to not go for more beautiful women。 because guys will do that。

 They'll be like， you know what。😊，I'm too scared to talk to those really gorgeous women。

 And I just have chemistry with these girls who are like， okay， and then they rationalize。 like。

 you know what， those are the girls I like。 You know， I don't need the beautiful ones。 I like them。

 And that's cool。 You can like them。 But make that decision once you've you know， tried them all。

 It's like don't pick your favorite flavor until you try all the flavors。

 So go get those beautiful women。 And once you got them， then you can choose which ones you like。

 The last thing I'd say in terms of your batting average is that trying to measure your success rate is like trying to measure your soul with mathematics。

 Okay， it's just fucking and possible。 there are too many variables， too many elements of randomness。

 What I always say is that this is art， not science。 you're dealing with human beings here。

 And as we discuss before， every interaction is unique。 it's messy。

 and it's impossible to have 100% control。Of the outcome， Okay， no matter what。

 there are just too many fucking variables。 One would be， as we just discussed natural chemistry。

 Okay， how she feels about you， how you feel about her。 another would be her mood。

 know what she feels in the moment， your mood， what you feel in the moment。 Her intentions。 You know。

 some girls are just not down。 That's not why they're there。 They're not looking for that。

 your intentions， know， sometimes you're not down either。 Sometimes you could persist further。

 but you're just having fun in the moment， and you're not looking to sleep with them。 her logistics。

 your logistics， the time of the night， the length of the interaction。 sometimes just too short。

 you can't convey a big enough sample to see if there is any chemistry。 You know， her background。

 your background， All those variables there。 you can go up to a girl who's had like a horrible day。

 Like you don't know， You're like， okay， I'm going up to this girl。 she's had a horrible day。

 Let's just take it to the extreme。 Like there's like a death in the family。 She。

DaShe doesn't want to talk to anyone and she's there with her boyfriend。Guess what？

 You're not gonna make that shit happen。 And it's not even your fault。

 So realize that there are a lot of variables。 Okay， a lot of elements of randomness。

 and oftentimes they are out of your control。 Okay and this is key。

 don't take rejection So fucking personally。 only be accountable for what you can control。

 distinguish what's in your control and what isn't and then accept what isn't and then just let it go。

 accept that the problem lies outside of you。 And that doesn't mean you know giving up。

 like go through so three I can do fuck it。 this is nothing to do with taking action。

 It just means focus on what you can control and focus only on what you can control or change。

 let go of the rest and don't blame yourself for it。

 you're not gonna blame yourself if it's fucking raining。 It's like， oh， it's raining。

 fuck I suck because that's a lot of rejection。 It's like you did everything right。

 But then there are some elements of randomness that you can predict and you can't do anything about and whatever。

It's like it's fucking raining。 No big deal。 Don't waste time indulging yourself。

 If something bad happens and there's nothing you can do about it。 Okay。

 it's a waste of your fucking time。 just do the best you can do。

 go all out and then just let the chips fall they may。 Okay， whatever happens will happen。 but okay。

 make sure to do the best you can do。 make sure you're doing everything to be successful at that moment in time。

 Otherwise， it's easy to rationalize。 it's either meant to be or it isn't。

 It's not that the effort wasn't there。 Okay， and that should be your criteria for success。 Okay。

 your actions， what you did and that， you know you win all out。

 not whatever happens or her reactions。 and the last thing Id say too。

 is that rejection is never over。 rejection is just unfinished business。 Okay。

 you can go up to a girl and you know say it doesn't happen。

 You could see her later that night and make it happen。

 You could see her the next day and make it happen。

 You could see her a year later and make it happen。okay， so don't take it personally。

 It's just unfinished business。 And a lot of the time it's out of your control。

 I also want to realize that you need rejection。 if you want to succeed。

 you have to be ready and willing to fail。 because to get good at this。

 you have to rely on trial and error。 that's how you do it。 It's like learning balance。

 You know how do you learn how to stand up straight by falling over and fucking up。

 it's like you stand up， You're like， fall to the left。 You're like shit。

 lead a little too much to the left， let me try again。 Oh shit too much to the right。

 let me try again and then with time， through trial and error， you learn how to stand up straight。

 the same applies here。 you have to make the bad choices to know what the good choices are。

 There's no avoiding that。 you need too fuck up。 and your first attempts are going to fuck up and that's fine。

 Okay， embrace it and realize， too， that energy is renewable and you don't lose anything by fucking up。

 If you're able to just really check your ego at the door。You lose nothing。 know。

 if you go and you fuck up， you can try again。 Okay it's not like you have a limited amount of tries。

 And this is really how a lot of people feel。 You know。

 it's like they go out and they feel like they have like 10 tries。10 tries to succeed。

 And after that， they're fucked。 And they go up and they you。

 approach the first girl And it doesn't go well。 And they're like， oh my God， only have 9 tries left。

 and they try to play it safe。 You know， it's like they look for easy situations where， you know。

 they'll feel like there's more chance of them succeeding。

 they don't put themselves out there and they don't really progress。 Okay。

 you have an infinite amount of tries。 It's not like every time you get rejected。

 It's like you flower and like a pedal falls off。 You can just keep on trying till the day you fucking die。

Okay， so you don't lose anything by failing。 you just get closer to your fucking goal。

 Embra failure and get used to failure instead of just failing once in telling yourself that something better isn't a possibility。

 failure is essential to growth。 rejection is essential to growth。

 And if you're trying to avoid that。 Like I don't want to fail， I don't want to fail。

 you're basically saying， I don't want to grow， I don't want to grow， I don't want to grow。

 by you trying to avoid rejection。 you are avoiding growth。 you are avoiding change。 Okay。

 if you're stagnating， that's probably why。 Okay， embracebra rejection don't resist it。

 and most importantly， expect it。 Okay， unexpected failure is discouraging expected failure isn't because things are gonna go wrong。

 know， they are。 hope for the best， Pre for the worst。 and just welcome all experiences。

 That's what I would say， embrace it， go out your expectations， know， whatever happens happens。

 I'm gonna to grow from it。 know， be it good or bad， I'll either learn what。

choicesices are what the right choices are。 know， I'll either fall over Stan straight whatever。

 I'll just moving closer， closer to my goal and just really welcome all experiences。

 That's how you have fun when you go out and oftentimes failure is the source of mini breakthroughs you can still learn from a bad reference experience。

 it's like you can't give value from it guys are like， oh man， if I fail。

 there's nothing to learn from it， I need positive references there's no such thing。 Okay。

 any reference experience where you don't die is good and there's value to take out of it。

 You learn just as much from a good reference as a bad reference。

 You learn just as much from a good night out as a bad night out and you need both okay embrace the good and the bad because you really don't know which one which fucking reference is just gonna turn everything on Learn how to see the value in rejection to for example。

 rejections can motivate you we talked about this before where you can use know that frustration as motivational。

Fuelel， you get rejected。 You're like， fuck， not again。 go up to the next girl。 Get rejected。 F。

 not again。 And now you have a fucking fire under your ass。 You're motivated。

 You added to the fucking fury。 Okay， so there's value there。 rejections destroy your ego。

 just really peels away all the bullshit and burns away like all impurities。

 just anything that's not good for you。 that you have to get rid of。

 You're gonna have to get rid of it to just keep on going。 Okay。

 so you can't become this person without going through that bullshit there。

 rejections also make you more grounded， know， just more at ease in any environment。

 you develop that core confidence。 how do you feel at ease in any environment by progressively desensitizing yourself to all those environments through you know different reference experiences。

 You know， the more bullshit is thrown at you， the more you're likeshit。 got rejected。

 the more you just become numb to it。 know， and then after a while， like nothing just throws you off。

 You're just like， whatever， go with it before。Completely at fucking ease。

 And girls need a guy who's strong and at ease and his everyday interaction with the world so that if shit gets hectic。

 they can rely on him。 Okay， it's like you're that pillar， that grounded pillar。

 among all the fucking chaos。 and they're like， they can just relax and experience good emotions around you。

 Okay， Overall， the fucking rejections， the bullshit， the stuff you don't like。

 just really adds round ininess in depth to your personality。

 it's like if you're if you're gonna travel， you have two options。

 one is you're gonna travel around the world and you're gonna buy first class。 The best seats。

 first class。 you at the nicest restaurants and just play a very， very safe and you know， high class。

 you know， you land at the airport， limousine picks you up， takes you to your hotel。

 you stay in your hotel。 you have a beautiful meal。 you do like all the touristy things。 You know。

 that's one option。 The other option is you sit in the shittiest seat of the fucking plane。

 you live off a dollar of fucking day。 you have。😊，To hustle your way through like're at the airport。

 you have no idea how to get to the center of the city。

 you have to like hitchhi or like try to find ways to get there。 You know。

 you can't afford all the high class touristy things。 you go and explore like the ghetto。

 like all the shit and you travel around the world that way。 On one hand。

 one's more comfortable The others horribly uncomfortable But which one of you think can add more depth to your personality。

 you know， the second one so starts viewing rejections bullshit that way and really see the value in them。

 If you look back at your past。 know like all the moments that just really shaped you， you know。

 the moments that really stand out probably you know a lot of those moments were not fun at all when you were living them。

 it's like at the time， you're like fuck this sucks， this sucks。

 but it really made you who you are here today And I doubt you just take any of those experiences away。

 I doubt you're like you know what， I just wish I never went through that because you wouldn't be who you are here。

 you wouldn't have grown into the person who you are now， okay so you never regret them。

And that's the frame of mind I take with rejection。 You。

 it's like even though it may suck in the moment， I know that it shapes me as a person。

 And I also know that the universe， okay won't give me what I want。

 Itll give me what I need to evolve。 Okay， to quote saided McKenna。

 whenever something seems to go wrong。 It's invariably parts of a larger right。

 now you can understand all this。 like， okay， I embrace rejection。 I know it's beneficial。

 I know it's essential to growth， let's do this。 but it's still gonna suck in the beginning。 Okay。

 it's not going feel good。 it's gonna be painful and there's no way around that。 Okay。

 you have to embrace the pain。 and funny enough， the more emotionally traumatizing the experience。

 the better。 okay， like the deeper it hits you。 like when you get rejecting are like， fuck。

 and it just really hits you on a deep， deep level。 like literally traumatized That's good。

 like that's when shit inside you like the internals are changing。 the stronger the pain。

 the more change is fucking hack。Okay， so embrace the pain。 Okay， it's like going to the gym。

 You have to traumatize your muscles for them to grow。 Epiphanies can be ecstatic or hurt like hell。

 Okay， and both are good。 The essence of an epiphany。 like a breakthrough。 You're like， oh my God。

 and everything's fucking turns on is the stripping away of selfdelusion。

 Okay both good selfdelusion and bad selfdelusion。 So really embrace it and really let it hit you。

 like don't numb it with things like booze drugs medication， like guys will do that like。

 I don't want to feel the pain of rejection。 So I'm just gonna drink。 no， okay， like you're just。

 you know， preventing the change from happening。 Okay， let it hit you and let it hit the sober you。

 Okay， that's how you develop core confidence。 If you go out and you start drinking。

 You're never gonna really truly change who you are。 like you will get a little bit better。 Yes。

 you are gonna progress by taking action。 But you're gonna work on the you who's had a few drinks。

 It's not the you。Whos sober。 And whenever you want to have access to all that progress。

 you're always gonna need the couple drinks to get there。 Okay， so look at your life。 Okay。

 and look at whatever state you're in the most。 and most likely， you're sober， you know。

 most of the time， So you want to work on that sober。 you。

 Okay that's who you develop the core confidence， Just be the same person in any situation。

 day night， no matter who you're with。 Okay， so embrace that pain there and also realize that the trauma snaps you。

 really just snaps you into presence。 You know， it's like， be happy about that。

 It's like most of the time。😊，You know， at least a lot of people are just like this walking days。

 And， you know， I'm sure you are as well for you know parts of the day where you're just kind of like just。

 you know blindly going with the flow， the trauma just like brings very。

 very present once once you feel that okay so really interpreted and experience it that way。

 immerse yourself in the pain and humiliation。 like really let that shit sink deep， deep。

 deep inside of you。 let go of a reality of no pain。 like that's what people want。

' I guess want a reality of no pain And if that's what you want。

 there's always gonna be resistance to know rejection。

 trauma and change because there's a discrepancy。 It's like this is what I want。

 But this is what is it's like no， embrace a reality of pain and develop a perverted pleasure in the pain。

 you really have to be a little perverted where every time you're like。

 like it's hitting you on a deep level， you're like yes， you're happy。 You're growing and。

Real rejections too， you know， guys always try to eject。

 you know leave the interaction before they get like a real man's blowout。 know。

 they go up and they're like， hey， it's not it starts kind of dying down and they're like， oh my god。

 they just leave。 It's like， no， stay there。 Okay， get the real man blow out。 Now。

 don't get them all the time。 there's a time and place。 but don't again。

 don't just bounce out too early or you won't be getting the full value of that experience there。

 and really don't let it discourage you either。 like the easiest thing to do when failing is to quit And that's what you've been taught like just quit at failure。

 but don't do the easy thing here。 we talked about before， don't take the easy way out。

 take right action。 and do what most people wouldn't do Okay do the hard thing。 And when it's hard。

 realize that that's when it's worthwhile。 And that's really what sets you apart。 Okay。

 so just keep fucking persisting and resist that urge， know of just quitting。 And lastly。

 keep things in fucking。Repect okay， this is only rejection。 It's only girls。

 It's not like you're gonna die from this。 Okay， Be realistic and relax。 Okay。

 you're in the safest moment in time ever。 Okay， don't take this so seriously。

 and don't get so stressed over it。 Okay， you're just going up and talking to strangers。

 they have no hold over you。 Okay it's not like back in caveman times where if you got rejected。

 you'd stand out in the tribe and it could mean death。 here it just fucking strangers。 Okay。

 it's not even like your boss at work。 You don't need to survive here。 Okay， it's fine。 and realize。

 too， that whenever you' faced with the unknown。 you always tend to assume the worst or even blow it out of fucking proportion。

 Okay，s a form of you know selfpreservation， if you will。 you see the girl， you're like， okay。

 I'm going to go up and say hi。But I could get rejected， you know， I'm faced with the unknown here。

 and I'm just gonna assume all the worst case scenarios。 You know。

 I'm gonna go up and she's gonna throw a drink in my face。 Her friends are gonna come and laugh。

 her boyfriend's going show up and just beat me up My life's over and I'm just gonna fucking die like you really picture like the worst worst case and it's so exaggerated。

 It's just fucking ridiculous。 Okay so realize that the worst case is never， ever going to happen。

 we're very， very rarely。 and oftentimes your perception is skewed。

 you just over fucking blow it so be fucking realistic too。

 and make a note every time that worst case scenario。

 know you just over blow in your mind doesn't happen。 this is how you change your assumptions。

 you're faced with a new situation。 like I'm going up say hi to a girl。

 and you're always assuming the worst。 You have very negative assumptions in the beginning。

 and every time you break through that， you take right action you go say hi and you realize。

That worst case doesn't happen。 Make a fucking note。

 And now you have a reference that's reinforcing positive assumptions like， oh， it's not that bad。

 And then with time， the more references you get， you tip the fucking balance。

 And instead of assuming the worst。 You're gonna to always start assuming the best because you have all that proof backing it up in your reference experiences。

s a quote Felix Dennis again， This is a silly game with serious rules。 not the other way around。

 not getting girls getting rejected is not a misfortune。 Okay。

 a misfortune would be something like breaking your neck。😡，A tragedy would be someone dying。

 this is just a fucking game。😡，Okay， you can always pick yourself up， dust yourself off。

 and try again as many times as you want。It's not like you fuck up and then you're just done。 Okay。

 It's not that big of a deal。 Keep that in mind。 Okay， this is a game。

 That's the way I always viewed it。 Okay， what was really hard work for others and like the serious ordeal for others。

 for me， it was just a fucking game。 just have fun playing。 And since it's a game。 know。

 why not just play as hard as you can and play a win and be realistic about girls too。

 know guys place girls on such high pedestals like oh my god， they're these mystical goddesses。

 They're so above me no， okay， they're human as well， they piss and they shit。

 okay they're just like you， what I always tell guys is when you see that girl。

 know just really scared of you're like my god， way too hot。

 just picture that girl on Christmas morning。 like just waking up hanging out their family。

 She may have a brother who like teases her and bullies her and shit。 She's all quirky。

 know she's not maintaining like the hot girl front。 know she's hanging out with her family。

 Okay so don't buy into that。 See the person beneath it。

Every girl you think is scary is a little sweetheart with the fucking right guy。 Okay。

 and a lot of those girls， too were like really， really gorgeous。

 Don't really have their life together。 You know， guys think they're like， oh my God。

 they're so much better。 They have everything in check。 No， you know， a lot of those girls。You know。

 they spend their days just staying at home like reading comments on Facebook。 You know。

 I had a buddy who lived with a model， like a gorgeous， gorgeous model in Hollywood。 You know。

 like a perfect1t， if you will， And all these celebrities like take her out to dinner and all these nice。

 fancy dates and if you start out， you'd be like， oh my God。 But what's the reality。

 Like what's the behind the scenes here。 This girl lives in a two bedroom apartment。 you know。

 you go in her room and all there is， is there's like a blowup mattress that's like， you know。

 with a hole in it on the floor。 Like she doesn't even have enough money to get a real bed。😊。

So it's just like blow a mattress on the floor。 Not even any sheets or something like one blanket。

 There's a closet where there's just all these huge garbage bags filled with like her clothes。

 And then there's like a vision board on the wall。 where it's like what she wants to accomplish。

 know， and there's like pictures of like all these models and stuff。 There's cars。

 And then there's like a list where it' like， you know what， I want to get you know。

 better modeling jobs。 I want to get a car。 I want to do this。 I want to do this。 I want to do this。

 And the only one that's， you know checked off is create vision board。

 And this girl spends her entire day is just sitting there reading comments on Facebook of all these guys saying she's so hot。

 she's supposed all these pictures of herself。 you know just getting like cheered off the cliff by these guys。

 And listening to music all day。 She like lady Gaga， like just being stimulated。

 And that's her fucking life。 And then she goes out。 And everyone's like， oh my God。

 and just places around this fucking pedestal。 don't get sucked into that。 She's a human。

 She has flaws。 She's quirky。🎼Be realistic。 And， I mean。

 just that will just take away so much fucking anxiety。 and be realistic about yourself as well。

 Okay， realize that no one cares。 Okay， you think that if you get rejected。

 you're gonna be judged and everyone's staring at you。 No one gives a fuck。 Okay。

 it's your own narcissism。 that makes you think that somebody even fucking cares。 Okay， I remember。

I was driving in Los Angeles one day and arrived on an intersection and there was a guy running around naked in the middle of the intersection。

 like literally naked， just running in between the cars。 And， you know， we were stopped at the light。

 and he's just there for fucking like a minute straight。 We drove off。

 And Most likely he stayed a lot longer there。 Now you would think， like， oh my God。

 Like if I did that， if I ran around naked， Oh my God， everyone would judge me forever。 you know。

 no one thought twice about it。 You're just like， oh， there's a naked guy。 cool， anyway。

 and go about your day。 Okay， everyone's just so caught up in themselves， they don't give a fuck。

 If someone sees you get rejected， they're not gonna to be talking about it for years to come。

 Like remember， could this one day， there was this guy who got rejected。 They don't care。

 They'll notice me like， oh， you got rejected And then they're back to their own little narcissistic self dialogue。

Okay， they'll probably even be envious。 like oh， we got rejected。 man， I wish I could do that anyway。

 and they'll forget。 Okay， so don't be so worried about what other people think or about maintaining a certain reputation。

 No one gives a fuck。You know， as long as you don't do anything like massively extreme。

 like play it' smart。 And the best way to to just fully get rid of rejection。

 And this is what I recommend is find ways to be amused by it。

 know if you get rejected find ways to just laugh at it and to laugh at yourself。

 similar to what we talked about you know with victim mentality， It's just mock it， mock rejection。

 know， once you master this， like the ability to laugh at yourself。

 you'll never be afraid of rejection again。 why because no matter what happens。

 you're gonna leave having more fun than before。 if the girls's like， yeah， you suck。

 you're like my mom does too and are laughing。 an awesome go to is whenever you sense the interactions dying into the girls like。

 well， nice to meet you， I make my clients do this sometimes to get a feel for you know how to laugh at yourself。

 I tell them to say I make a lot of money。 and it's just so ridiculous。 Like the girls like nice you。

 you're like， no no， but I make a lot of money and just say it as ridiculously as possible。

 And they're like what。😊，In your mind， you're like， I can't believe I'm saying this。 It's so funny。

 And then it's kind of like build on that。 You know， embrace exaggerated laugh。 Yeah。

 I make a lot of money。 You know， take all my girlfriend out to really nice stairs。 If that helps。

 look， look at this。 And then you can like pull out somebody just improvise like， you know。

 my favorite smell。 Do you like money， How much money do you like， You know， like bullshit like that。

 and by doing this， too。 Okay， you， you eliminate。😊，On one hand。

 no one will ever see you get rejected。 Okay， like you're all paranoid。 like someone's gonna see me。

 if you laugh at the whole money line， for example， people like outsiders looking in。

 they don't see the girl being like nice meeting you and you' been like。

They'll see you like money and Lee fucking smiling and laughing。

 and they're not going to assume you got rejected。 They're like。

 this guy just fucking killed it because he's leaving with a smile。 and even in your mind。

 you eliminate the notion of rejection。Okay， here are the two scenarios， Nice to meet you。Walk off。

 Yeah， you got rejected。 What's the other one。 Nice to meet you。 Ha I make a lot of money。

 Ha and leave。 And then you go up to your friends like， oh， did you see that？

 And you just transform the event from a rejection to something funny that happened。😊，Okay。

 so that's a little trick there to get rid of rejection and and really work on this。 Okay。

 it's easier to laugh at yourself。 if someone's like dising you or rejecting you than if things are going well。

 And this just fuels like the massive fun and carefree attitude that's irresistible to women。😊。

