# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：9.实战_Infields：内场4-开场白汇编_Infield 4 - Openers Compilation【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So what I want to go over with you here is opening。 Okay， now this here， you know。

 the part of the interaction of you just going up and you know。

 starting a conversation is always a huge blockage， you know for guys， everyone thinks like。

 oh my God， opening is the most important part。 It's the hardest part， but it's not okay。

 the first thing I just want to address here is first impressions mean shit， Okay， now why is that。

 Because as we discussed， women are not focused on the visual cues。

 They're focused on the behavioral cues。 they're not like you。 you look at a girl。 And yeah。

 the first impression does matter， because you can determine very fast。 if she's attractive or not。

 for girl， it's different。 Okay， she needs to look at the behavioral cues。

 She needs to know how you react to different things。

 She needs to spend more time around you to get a feel for who you are。 You know。

 it's like if you're walking down the street and some guy bumps in you。 he's like， oh， sorry。

 And then someone walks up， like， oh， so what did you think of that guy。You're like， I don't know。

 I don't。 I don't have enough to go on to know anything about him， to even form an opinion about him。

 And it's the same with girls。 Okay， now， some girls， all they need is a very， very。

Ihi is say short sample or small sample for them to know that you're sex worthy， if you will。

 or attractive， you know， and you may experience this where you're kind of in the zone and you walk by。

And a girl will kind of just look at you， you'll just get eye contact， or you'll walk up。

 you'll say hi and right off the bat， the girl's like， hey。But a lot of other times。

 you're going to have to go in and talk you know for a little bit longer before the girl sees and realizes that you're attractive。

 the first impression， the visual cues are simply not enough so the frame of mind that I come from whenever I walk up and say hi to a girl。

Is I assume that I'm the shit。 okay， I assume attraction， if you will。However。

 I never assume that she knows that I'm the shit。 and when I'm going up。

I'm simply going up and expressing who I am okay， giving her that sample of my personality。

 know I'm going to talk about different topics that I enjoy talking about。

 I'm going to go through different emotions， you know I'm going showcase different parts of my personality and I trust that at some point。

 you know be it one second in be it two to three minutes and even she's going realize。

That I'm the shit， and she's gonna be， you know， attracted to me there。 Okay。

 and that's really my focus。 you know， And because of that， when I go up。

 usually I'm gonna be more at the cause and not at the effect。 Okay。

 a mistake a lot of guys make is they go up to girls and they ask questions。

 You try to get the girl to talk。 But what you have to realize there is that when the girlss talking。

 she's not really getting attracted。 Okay， she's getting attracted。

 She's getting to know and experience you， if you will。 when you're doing， when you're talking。

So an open， if you will， and I'll show this in the first video here is really you just going up。

And sharing who you are with the girl and sucking her into that。 Okay。

 it's not you going up and trying to do something。 It's not you going up trying to poke at the girl。

 trying to get her to talk。 It's you just sharing， you know。

 the best parts of your personality and just giving her an awesome experience。 Okay。

 so when I go up and I love this example here。 You're gonna see me go up and I open the girl's friend at first。

 Okay， I don't really overthink this。 It's like， whatever girl's like the closest to me。

 So open the girl's friend， and I say hi， and then I jump on the girl I like。 now， ideally open。

 you know， the girl you like。😊，First， but again， you don't have to overthink it。

 But do establish from the beginning which one is your main girl。 Okay， and this is key。

 If I open the friend here and then I stick on the friend for five minutes。

 both girls are gonna think， okay。He likes this girl， the friend。

 And then if I try to switch to the girl I do like， it's not going to work。 So very fast。

 once you jump in， you know， be sure to talk more to the girl you'd like， make that clear。

 But anyway here， I open the friend。 I jump on the girl I like。 and immediately。

 this is an Osal Norway。 I tell her， I'm looking for trolls。 and I'm like a troll hunter okay and。😊。

This is， again， something I found funny at the time。 You know。

 there was this movie called Troll Hunter where they were going up and looking for trolls。 know。

 quite a hilarious movie。 And I was having fun just telling all these girls there that I was looking for trolls。

 Okay， Now this here is kind of like this inside joke I have with myself。

 I even have with my friends there。 And what you're gonna notice is the open。 In't me going up。

 trying to， you know， get her to talk。 It's more like， hey， check this out。

 Check out what we're talking about。 Check out our fun。 And she just gets sucked into that。 Okay。

 and that's how you hook a girl， which she's like， oh my God， who's this guy。😊。

And you'll see me do this for for about a minute or so。 And then after that。

 when she's really reeled in with all this fun carefreeness， abundance， you know， excitement。

 engagement， then I switch out of it。 And I'm like， I'm Julian， by the way， You know。

 now we can get down to business， get to know each other。😊，Okay， so let's crack into it。

Do you work here？Do you work here？Do you work？Here。I love you。🎼H， hug hug。🎼Puck fuck。Puger。

I love you are you from Oslo？Hug as well， I'm looking for its roles。

Did you ever see the movie S Hunter？That's why I'm here， I came here with my Austrian assistants。

We came here。Tell her about the troll hunt。So we're here to find tros and film them and prove to the world they're real。

Yes， we're documentary filmmakers， so we want to make the real troll hunter。

Where we show the real rules。We're leaving in the woods tomorrow， we're going up north。

 driving around how are you？やす。They have a camera team and they like。

How did we guys a couple of trolls already， we got really good footage actually。

Take a time about the stroll footage shall we go？Oh， shit the tro footageage。Awesome。

 so it was like okay， so we took our friend， he's very Christian。

 so we threw him out in a fucking field because they smelled the blood of a Christian man， yeah。

He's the son of a priest rape many times of a great guy and anyway it was a mountain troll like a younger mountain troll I swear of got we didn't really see it but we saw the shadow and we filmed the shadow cool。

We can prove it。Yeah， some girl trying to convince her she was a troll as well。

It's really old like fat lady， if you must say I'm a film actually。That's my other friend。

We got to meet with the footage of you。栗子。🎼Slow。So Julian do you have the keys to the van so I can show the footage Do you want to see it Do you want to come outside check out the footage on the tro we do have a great van。

It's park trying， no no， there's drinks in the van too， we keep it for the soul， Yeah。

 it's really cool。Do you want to see it come Excuse me， Lisa， Lisa， Lisa， tell her。

 tell her about the van。 Yeah， so we have all the footage We have the troll footage in a van have it in our van It's in the dark alley outside。

 Yeah you want to go see it We got it we have it on。It's really cool。 I'm a Julian， by the way。to me。

Okay， so again， I go up。 I'm sharing my fun。 I'm like， oh check this out the trolls。 You know。

 we have drinks for the trolls。 And what's the girl thinking。 She just like， oh my God。

 like who the fucks this guy， know， she's getting sucked into it and then I'm like Julian。

 by the way， good to meet you so keep that in mind when going up and opening now the next video here。

 you're gonna see me pretty much do the same thing however gets a little bit more obnoxious and what I want to say here is it doesn't really matter what you say you don't have to overthink it as long as you find it genuinely fun and it keeps you engaged you're good to go so a question you have to ask yourself is in the moment like what is know your sense of humor。

 What's like an inside joke with yourself that you have， What's some you thing that when you say it。

 you're excited Okay because a lot of it is the law of state transference where whatever you feel she feels with this girl here when I'm talking about like trolls。

 I'm extremely excited and that。😊，Transfers on to her。 So again， what do you find exciting。

 And it can be very bland。 You know， like some guys can go up and be like， hey， what's up And。

 and they're just as excited by saying， hey， what's up， Okay， I tend to push it a little further now。

 You know， I've been doing this8 and a half years。 And I get bored pretty fucking easily。

 So I kind of have to say those things to keep myself engaged。 But just ask yourself。

What do you find exciting， Okay， now， with this one here that you're about to see。

 it is a little bit more obnoxious。And again， it's congruent to me。 That's why it works。

 And another thing I'd say， too， is even if it didn't work， I could always be like， oh， sorry。

 I'm just kidding and keep the interaction going。 Don't worry， Okay， about the first impression。

 And don't worry about having this smooth open。 Okay， why？

 because women live in the emotion of the moment。 Okay。

 you can go in with the smoothest open that just kills it。And know you've surely experienced this。

 you run out of things to say。Now， when you ran out of things to say， does she remember。

 that you had the best open。 No， she's like， okay， well， nice to meet you by that note as well。

 you can go， you can go in with a messy open。 And there was like， what the fuck And you're like， oh。

 sorry， I'm just kidding。 And then it's smooth。 She's gonna forget about the messy open。 Okay。

 she's looking at the bigger picture of the interaction。 And it's gonna to go up and down。

 That's what makes it interesting。 So don't overthink the open。

 just jump in something you find amusing and railer into that。 Okay， and with this one here， too。

 it's a little bit challenging。 you know， a little bit playfully provocative as well。

🎼都 come this way， Not this way。Did you smell that？Can you smell that。Dude， smell this shit， smell it。

Do you used to go to the bathroom？Oh seriously。🎼You should write。🎼我还是。🎼用快乐的时候。Are you from Norway？

なびや。It taste like control too value here。Okay， now again， yeah， it's a little bit out there。

 but it is congruent and it is the same vibe， it's me bringing her into my fun。Now。

 funny enough to a little side note by saying things that are a little bit out there like I just did here。

 a few things happen as well。 Okay， you don't have to do it。 That's how it gets the girl。

 but a few things that do happen is one， it kind of breaks the ice Okay because when you're when you're the shit。

 you know the girl's kind of like oh my God， you know I must。I must act to you know appropriately。

 I can't， you know fuck it up with this guy and they kind of feel stifled as well and if I say something like so out there like did you just go to the bathroom or something a little bit ob noxious？

In her mind， she's like， oh， I guess， you know， it's not so strict。 I can loosen up as well。

 And it kind of allows her to bring her true full personality to the surface and also saying something like that is usually something you would say to。

 you know， someone， you know， very well。 you know， like a close friend。

 So it is a lot of assuming familiarity and just me treating her like I've known her for years and that'll transfer onto her as well。

 Okay， now， in terms of engagement， you can also， you know， base this on the environment。 Okay， like。

 I'll do that sometimes where。😊，Uual have like some some little like joke that have in my mind or something that I find funny。

 or I'll just be inspired around。 Okay， so in this one here， there's some like。😊，You know。

 flour or it could very well be Coke just spilled on the floor。 And my bud's like， dude。

 there's Coke on the floor。 I'm like， what， there's coke on the floor。

 And then it's like involving people around you。 Okay。

 bringing them into your fun instead of joining their fun。 And I opened another girl I'm like， ay。

 you spilled your Coke， snort it。 Okay， and I kind of sucker into that。😊。

Someone spilled their cocaine on the floor。はい。🎼牛は看 come up。YouS spill your cocaine on the floor。

Go snort it， go sortn it off the floor， come on。What is your name？I love you。

 You tastes like a troll。 Are you a troll。I'm a troll hunter。🎼Huner说 Hunter。没我。Very world。🎼It is。

They're fighting over you。最一の。🎼不。Yeah。哎，老哥。I actually wish with that one。

 like I remember I was talking to her and there's this fight that breaks out and I'm like， ohh。

 it would be cool to get a shot making out with the fight behind。

 unfortunately you don't really see it that well。Now， in this one here， okay。

 the next one you're about to see， this is a， you know what you call a walking set， okay。

 a girl that's walking， not a girl not a girl that's just standing still。

 Now there's two ways of going about it。 Okay， one is you just stop her and you're like， hey。

 stop and you talk to her。 Okay， we call this a hard stop if you will。

The other is to walk with her and either go wherever she's going or slowly stop her as you start walking with her。

 okay， like slow playing it。And a big mistake a lot of guys do is the girls walking and they try to stop her and she doesn't stop。

 They're like， a fuck it or they try to keep her there。 And then it causes resistance。

 And it's just done。 Okay， so remember， ask yourself， what's the girl's goal。 like。

 where is she going and don't be the obstacle in the way。 now， what I tend to do is， know。

 at this point， I can usually get a feel beforehand of you know。

 like where are the girl at emotionally。 if she's like， really dedicated to going somewhere。

 And if I sense that， I'm just gonna immediately walk with her。 Okay， it'll be very smooth。

 with this one here， It's more like she's kind of wandering around。 She's not walking too fast。

 It's not very purposeful。So the chances of me getting away with stopping her， you know。

 are much higher。 And that's what I do。 Okay， now notice she stopped。 And this girl here， too。

 she's kind of like。You know， she's not fully hooked in the beginning。 She's like， what the fuck。

 what's this guy， And I just， you know， stay grounded。 I tell her to hug me and she's not doing it。

 So I'm like， pull your arms out。 I kind of like baby step it。 And you know， then at some point。

 just by me doing my thing， you'll see you' just it'll click and she'll get sucked in。然后も。好给。好。好。

Arms out。I'm so。Are you from Oslo？Really， I'm there， well。好走。But I always wish I was the sexist man。

I am。Alex Alexex。🎼Brisbane， Brisbane， Australia， Hawaii。🎼No。What is your name？まれ。No， no， no， no， no。

 no。🎼Come sad， my friend。Boy， Max mate， another one。That one。Ohy， she loves Australia as well。

Thiss my other friend， Calvin， she's 25。How你条街。ちゃんちゃんと。Now， that one there too。

 this is something I found funny as well is just kind of taking on this fake Australian accent。

 And that's what sucks her in too。 know， it's like that little inside joke I have with myself。

 and I start fucking out the Australian accent and it keeps me engaged。 I start smiling。

 she gets drawn in Now with this one here， similar situation。 a girl's walking。

 however she's with two of her friends。 And I'm pretty much just chilling and I'm in the zone。

 and I see her， you know look at me lock eyes。 and I try to stop her。

 But as soon as I said she's gonna keep walking。 notice how I don't try to keep her there。

 I walk with her。 Okay， remember， you don't have to game a girl where you open her。No， no， no， no。

 no。Take me hard can。Eling，elling， hello。Bdford， Bradford。Are you from Norway too？Where Oslo？🎼Hello。

 what is your name。🎼English， English， English， America， no America。I'm mad of here， Los Angeles。

Where are you from， Yeah， where are you from。Take me， take your head。Where in Oslo， why Oh for work。

 I work at Delli de Lucca now， I got promoted。Okay， so again。

 you don't have to game them where you open them。This one here， okay， remember open everyone okay。

 don't be scanning the environments。 And as you'll see here。

 you know I even open girls I'm not necessarily that attracted to yet I'm still having just as much fun。

 Okay， for me， every girl is an opportunity to generate fun and just fuck around with you know。

 that feminine energy okay。So。真的。I love you。You're my little elsesp， my little hos， my little troll。

 th， th， you're my troll， this is my friend。Okay， so again。

 find ways to self like there's a lot of creativity involved here。With the next two， okay。

 I like these。 You're gonna see me go in。 And the girls are just very unreactive at first。 You know。

 they don't， they're not like， hey， they're kind of like。The fuck is this。 You know。

 they're kind of reading。 And remember， you have to keep doing your thing。

 You don't need that feedback。 You keep expressing yourself。 and you assume that at some point。

 it'll click， and you'll see me pretty much just hold my frame， Keep my fun going。 And， you know。

 they'll be unreactive at first， and then they'll pop。🎼来来来对。🎼Why why why。Why the hates？

I'm a troll hunter， it's okay。Say hi to my friends first， I'm a tour hunter， Baywell。🎼没有wo。

Are you from Ozlo？🎼谢他水。🎼T。You're now my little troll， come。What is your name。🎼It's okay。 It's okay。

 This' is my friend。I found one。Th， don't be a little troll。What is your real name？Okay。

 so notice again， I'm just holding my frame， I'm keeping the fun going and never assume that they're just gonna love you off the first sentence。

 you know， and a lot of guys do that， they're like， hey， what's up。It's like， no。

 keep plowing through。 Keep putting yourself out there。 Okay。

 and the last 1 I put in here is is just really illustrating， you know。

 having positive assumptions off the open。 Okay， and this is something that。You， you really just。

 you know， create with time。 Okay， it's like tipping that assumption balance we talked about by adding references to the right side of the balance。

 and you'll see me here， you know， I'm just in the zone and there's like three girls。

 and I'm like calling them over， making the most ridiculous sound ever， which is like。Like that。

 And you just see them come one by one。 and a lot of that is， again。

 me doing something that I find funny。 It's that inside joke with myself。

 but also just fully assuming like they're going to come and it becomes a self- fulfilling prophecy。

You。Max， Max， bring the troll。取ら。全过了。ししし。M트。The this。Yes。Ema Emmama。めよよめ。들어。啊咗。Are you Christian。

 You know， they smell the blood of a Christian prison。I'm a troll hunter。

I'm here I saw the movieTll Hunter I don't know what a troll is yet， no one's ever seen one。

see the baby。It's a pretty good movie， my dad's actually the actor。I am。 my name is Bayer Wolf。

ford had done the same job as to make so。Thanks Emma I love you no， no， no， no， closer。

 closer don't feed the trolls， Max， don't feed the trolls。Okay， so there you have it。

 Keep this all in mind。 Okay， like the the big one really to take out too is like if you can open with like。

You can really open with anything。 Okay， so don't overthink it。

 This here really is this psychology behind opening。 go out， put it to the test， F around with it。

 Okay， again， doesn't matter in the long run of the interaction。

 No girl has ever not slept with the guy because of the open Okay。

 you're never gonna find yourself saying bed with the girl and she's like。

 I love you except for that open。Okay， so have fun with it， you know， you can use some of these。

 come up with your own and good fucking luck。