# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：1.游戏_1. Game：4摧毁极限信念_04. Destroying Limiting Beliefs_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So understanding what we just talked about， you know。

 the fact that all these wrong ideas about game and attraction are just constantly being hammered in to your psychology。

 You know， these bullshit beliefs just spoon feded to you day by fucking day， you know。

 dictating what type of guy you have to be to get girls。 know， you turn on your fucking television。

 What's the first thing that pops up。😡，Axebody spray， you know。

 a packac model looking guy on the beach。 You're like shit。 You know。

 I have to be that guy to get the girls。 You know， to surrounded by women。

 It's about the fucking axe body spray and the abs， all the fuckcker。 You're like shit。 Okay。

 so I got to be that guy。 You know you change channels。 What's the next thing you see。

 A guy driving a fucking Lamborghini。 You this rolls up。

 girl gets in model gets in surrounded with women。 You're like shit。 I need the fucking Lamborghini。

 Okay， I need the the a packac。 I need the Lamborghini。 And that's what you're buying into。 Okay。

 so I want you to realize right now that your current vision。😡，Okay， is skewed。

 And I want you to come at this as a blank slate。 Okay。

 I want you to forget everything you fucking know。 Okay， snap out of social conditioning。

 and basically， you know， have pick amnesia。 You really have to clear out all the fucking clutter before you can move forward。

 even though right now， you probably that need inside of you。 You know， just seeking out new content。

 new technology。 You probably thinking this right now， like dude， shut the fuck up。

 let's get to the good stuff。 You know， it's like， I don't really care about unwiring bullshit beliefs。

 I want the new beliefs。 You know， give me the new fucking content。 But remember。

 this product is about revealing the harsh truth of it all。 Okay。

 and the harsh truth here is that if you don't do this unwiring。 unwiing all the bullshit。

 socially conditioned beliefs that you have Anything new that you learn won't be sustainable。

 and it'll just be some sort of temporary bandaid just over it all。Okay。

 you need to start by cleaning things up first。 and to help you with this。

 I thought I'd list out some of the main， you know。

 bullshit beliefs guys have when it comes to success with women for you here。

 The first one is this wouldn't work for me。 Okay， you need to have some sort of special talent。

 You know， in order to achieve this。 You know， have some special talent to begin with。

 It's it's not for every guy。 You know， not every guy can just go out and work on himself in order to become more attractive towards women。

 You know， it's some guys have it And some just don't。 know， it's。It's really not for everyone。 know。

 And that there， of course， is complete bullshit。 Okay， it works for all types of guys。 including me。

 and I started off pretty fucking low， as you already know。 And， you know， to be honest。

 I've personally seen at all。 I've had clients who were doctors， lawyers， accountants you know。

 soldiers， students， jobless。 know， I've had guys who are fucking jobless， take programs with me。

 I've seen guys who are old， young， ugly handicapped。 I you know。

 I've seen guys in wheelchairs going out to clubs and making it work with， you know。

 incredibly beautiful women。 you really have no excuse。 Okay， there's a saying。

 no one is cut from a different cloth。 Okay， what one man can do。 another man can do。

 And if you're a， you know， let's just say normal individual， you don't have any extreme。

Health issues or extreme， you know， mental issues。 You're good to go and realize， too。

 that this is something that's already inside of you。 You know， like as a guy， you are born。

 already attractive to women。It's not like some guys are attractive and some aren't。

 It's like if you put a guy and a girl on a fucking island， something is gonna happen。 Okay。

 welcome to you know， nature。 like that's what's supposed to fucking happen。

 Okay so as long as you got a dick。 you're good And the last thing Id say here too is realize that you don't have to achieve full on mastery。

 in order to get results。 you don't have to go from like complete newbie to let's just say。

 pick up master， you know， like just being 100% on top of all this before you get girls。 Okay。

 you get girls along the way。 even with like a few small changes inside of you， your results。

 You're gonna start seeing them。 so you can do this， you have no excuse。

 The next one is girls like guys who are good looking。

 you have to look like that guy on the magazine cover the guy in the television ad or she'll be out of your league。

 and that is bullshit as well。 remember that we come from know。

Very harsh and unforgiving environment。 If you go back to， you know， say caveman times and back then。

 you know， being a good looking， pretty boy， if you will， didn't really have that much value。

 You know， if the group the girls trying to survive and reproduce， you know， out in the wild。

 she's not like， you know what， that guy's just。Looks a little bit more like Leo diCaprio。

 Like he's the guy I want to go for F no。 Okay， she's looking at the behavioral cues like， okay。

 which mother fuckcker here is more decisive。 You know which guy is more on top of his shit。

 And if there's some little weak Leo diCaprio in the corner。 that's not the one she's going for。

 Okay， as we discussed before， it's about the behavioral cues。

 what she sees in your personality And about the emotions she experiences when you're around。

 an attraction back then is the same as today， your looks are not a fucking excuse。 Okay。

 if you want another little caveman times anecdote here。

 I realize too the no cave man ever pace his confidence on his looks。

 they didn't have fucking mirrors back then， and if they didn't need mirrors to feel confidence。

 You know， you don't either。 Another one is my age matters。 You know。

 my age matters grow like young guys。 And I'm just too old for this shit。 it's too late for me。Okay。

 and to that， I would say。You're never too old to make a fresh start。 Okay， if you're even thinking。

 it's too late for me。 cut that thought right fucking now。 Okay。

 the older you become the easier it actually gets。 Okay， if you're an old guy， you've。

 you've gone through way more bullshit than say some young 21 year old。

 You should be more grounded as a person。 And you know。

 don't get sucked into this whole media portrayal of the 21 year old guy whos like the ideal to women。

 Okay， a 20 year old guy。 know， being realistic。 that's just some little fucking kid。 You know。

 he hasn't gone through shit in his life， you know， he's still in college， probably he's like。

 just like partying in fs and you knows nothing of taking responsibility and going through bullshit。

 just some little happy little kid。 Is that what the girl wants。

 Is that a guy who's gonna be massively on top of his behavioral。 He was fuck no。 Okay。

 assuming you've been living your life the right way。 You should be a lot more just grounded。

You know， a lot more experienced and more on top of those behavioral cues。 Okay。

 And that's what girls are looking at。 She's not like you， She's not looking at the visual cues。

 You know， And if you believe that your age matters。

 you basically are thinking that she experiences attraction like you。 You know。

 you think she's looking at the visual cues because that's what you do。 You know， you see a girl。

 you know， who's young， You're like， damn， she's hot。 But the older she gets。

 because you're looking at those fucking visual cues， she's getting less and less attractive。😡。

For a girl， she's looking at the behavioral cues， not that visual shit。 and the older you get。

 the more on top of it you are。 Okay so don't use your age as an excuse either。

 next one is girls like guys who have money， know， you should take her out on a lot of fancy dates and provide a nice lifestyle for her。

 know that's how you're gonna get her。 and realize here， the women don't need your fucking money。

 and they certainly don't need to sleep with you to get it。

 most girls are capable of giving their own jobs and supporting themselves。

 And even if they can't they already have people helping them out。 know。

 it could be their parents or just random guys who hang around them。 we call these like orbiters。

 every ho girl has a bunch of guys just bind them shit。 know。

 buying them shit taking them out to dinner， offering all these fucking gifts thinking that。

 you know they have a chance and that this is you know what's gonna cause attraction。

 and if you fall in。😡，To that trap， you've basically been tricked by advertisers and social conditioning。

 Okay， she doesn't give a shit if you know， about your money。

 She doesn't care if you have a nice car， if you have a nice house。

 that's like should be the least of your concerns when it comes to， know， being attractive to women。

It's different in my country。 know， it's different in my town。 maybe in you know， maybe in America。

 you can do all this。 but where I'm from， it's just very， very different。 You know。

 it wouldn't work here， it wouldn't work on these girls here。 hear this all the time。 wherever I go。

 I've traveled the world teaching this every fucking guy thinks that where he lives it just won't work。

 and the reason being is the grass is always greener on the other side。 You know。

 if you're in Europe， you're looking at America and you're like man over there。

 all those girls are fucking sluts easy as fucking pie。 guys in America， they do the same thing。

 They look at Europe， they're like European bitch is easy as shit。

 it's always greener on the other side。 And the reason you think it's harder where you're from is because you grew up there。

 and because you grew up there all of your beliefs。

 all those bullshit beliefs that hold you back that you've been conditioned with are anchored in that environment。

 Overall， just start viewing girls as being appearance。Blind， possession blind and。Country blind。

 if you will。 Okay， that shit does not matter。 If you really think it does。 you best give up now。

 Okay， because that's not what causes attraction。 It's completely arbitrary。

 Pick up really is a very straightforward process。 You know， just like learning any new skill set。

 If you're learning an instrument， a sport。 it's pretty much the same fucking thing， You know。

 if you're learning how to play the guitar。 Are you thinking， you know what， my looks matter。 F no。

 you're never like too ugly to play the guitar。 Are you like my， my age matters， F no， Are you like。

 my， my country matters。 like how much money I have matters。 No， no and no， Okay。

 get rid of all that shit。 The last 1 I'd add is women don't like sex。

 Okay now you may be hearing this and you know， you're thinking like who the fuck things that。

 you know， like， of course， damn bitches like sex。 But a lot of guys deep down inside。

 really do believe that women do not like sex。 You know， they believe that women， you know， just。

Do it to do it。 You know， sex is kind of like， fine。 Just put it in。 you know。

 if you must just like lay there and take it。 and they believe that， you know。

 women make you wait because they're not a fan of sex。 They like， you know what。

 we're gonna wait six months to a year before we have sex， you know。

 And that's what guys believe deep down inside。 If you truly believed， you know that， of course。

 in bitches like sex。 you wouldn't be afraid to go talk to girls。 You know。

 you wouldn't be ashamed of telling a girl that you like her。You know， because that's what guys feel。

 If I'm like， hey， go tell that girl， you know， you think she's pretty and that you find her attractive。

 They're like， oh， no， you know， again， it's like they feel guilty about it because you feel like girls don't feel the same way。

 Okay so realize right now， the women love sex。 Okay， and they probably love it more than you do。

 Okay， they're just like you， they talk dirty between girls。 They talk about dis and shit。

 they're not like these little， you know， you know， P creatures who never think about it。 Okay。

 they are dirtier than you。 just watch some fucking porn。

 who's the one just yelling over and over when they're having an orgasm。 I that you， are you like。

 oh my God， fuck no， that's the girl。 Okay， she love sex。

 and she'll hook up with you as long as you don't have a judgmental double standard when it comes to it。

 And this is really key。 A lot of guys are extremely judgmental towards women when it comes to sex。

 know， for girl sleeps with a bunch of guys。 Is she congratulated like you know for guys sleeps with a bunch of girls。

Fuck know what happens， you know， people just slut shame her。 They're like slut， slut slut。

 Okay And if you're talking to a girl and she feels like she's gonna be judged for sleeping with you。

 know， you're gonna think she's a slut。 guess what she's gonna fucking hold off。 You know。

 that's the reason they hold off six months， two years。 they don't want to seem like a slut。

 That's the reason they probably don't talk about sex that much around you because they don't want to seem like a fucking slut。

 Okay， so stop judging the sooner you can just let go of that。

 the sooner you can start viewing sex is not a big deal just being like， you know what。

 sex is just a way of blowing off steam， it's a way to cement an interaction。

 it's something that's just naturally happens between guys and girls the sooner you're gonna start getting results。

 the woman doesn't feel judged。 She's gonna sleep with you very fucking fast。 Now。

 you may be hearing this。 And you're thinking， well， that never happens to me。 You know。

 no girl ever slept with me very fucking fast。 And。The case， guess what。

 she probably felt like if she did， she would be judged。Okay， so building on this。

 okay and this is important to understand as well， women put guys into two categories， okay。

 there's the lover and the provider。And depending on which one you are。

 she's gonna have a different mode of behavior。 Okay， if she's talking to the provider。

 which is basically guys who she doesn't find， you know， attractive。 you know。

 she may go out with them a bit， but she's gonna feel judge。 if she sleeps with them。

 she's gonna put on that front of I don't like sex， I'm gonna make you work for sex。

 You're gonna wait， you know， to sleep with me because if I just。

 you know loosen up around you and just go for it because it's natural， I'm going be judged。

 Okay so if that was you before where it never happens， you're falling into the provider frame。

 snap out of that and fall into the lover frame。 Okay， what does that mean。

 be the guy who's just fun， be the guy who's carefree。

 be the guy who's non-judgmental if you become the lover， she's gonna sleep with you extremely fast。

 She's gonna feel massively at ease around you， she's not gonna have to worry about judging me。

 am am I a slu if I say this， she's can actually be herself。

 and things are just gonna to be amazing with her。 Okay， so women。Love sex。

 They love it more than you。 Remember that till the day you die。

