# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：5.推进力_5. Momentum：18建立动力_18. Building Momentum【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， once you've started taking action and reflecting upon that action。

 it's important that you keep doing this over and over and over again。 and that from there。

 you build a certain amount of momentum。 Okay， this is not something you just do once or twice。

 you can't just jump in and be like， oh， I think I'm good now， You have to jump in。 take the leap。

 And from there， you have to keep jumping in again and again and again。 as we previously discussed。

 This is a practice。 it's an engagement in a certain ritual， if you will。

 And it's something that you go out and repeat。 Okay and I recommend doing this daily。 Now。

 guys then a freak out when they hear this。 know， they're like， oh my God， like every day。

 what the fuck do I really have to go out every single day， And the answer is yes， you do。 However。

 you don't have to go out hours on end。 simply do 30 minutes a day， that's it，30 minutes。

 every single day。 And longer on the weekends or whenever you have more time。 but 30 minutes is easy。

It's sustainable。 okay， anyone can fit 30 minutes of going out and interacting with women in their days。

 Okay， you can do it at night， you can do it during the day。

 if it's like a weekday and there's nothing going on。

 you can go to like the shitty bar down the street。 you can even split it up。

 you can do like five minutes here， five minutes here， five minutes here， five minutes here。

 but every single day for at least 30 minutes， you're out interacting with women。

 and you really have no excuse。 if you're watching this and you're like。I don't know， you know。

 I'm just a busy guy。Even if I do the five minutes here and there， I mean， it's probably some days。

 I just can't make it happen。 You know， I don't know if I can do this。 It's like dude。

 shut the fuck up。 Okay， look at your day， no matter how busy you are， most likely at some point。

 you're checking Facebook， you may be watching a television show， a movie， maybe some torrents。

 maybe checking your Instagram。 cut that shit out。 Okay。

 replace it with going out and interacting with fucking women。 If you still can't do it。

 cut into your fucking sleep。 Okay， I'm sure you can manage going about your days。

 if you just take out 30 minutes， you know， from your sleep or how many hours you sleep a night。

 it's okay to sacrifice your sleep。 most people sleep way too fucking much as well。

 it's like take 30 minutes out， find a way to make this happen and realize， too。

 that it's a lot better to go out 30 minutes daily than to not go out at all。

 and then just go out like two days on the weekend for like  five hours or so。

 every day is better than long sessions only on the weekends。 Now why is that。First of all。

 remember that you're not going to naturally feel motivated to do this。 as we discussed before。

 human beings are creatures of habits。 And for you to generate that natural motivation， if you will。

 you need to make this a habit。 and how do you do that by going out fucking daily。

 the more you do this The faster your emotions are going to align with it and then motivate you。

 so do this every fucking day。 And because of this， too， okay。

 the fact you're not gonna really feel motivated。 I suggest scheduling in your 30 minutes a day beforehand。

 don't just wing it。 A lot of guys do that。 They're like， okay， I'll do the fucking 30 minutes。

 I'll just see how today goes， and I'll just fit it in。 and if you do that。

 you're gonna realize very fucking soon that you come up with every excuse not to do it every type of rationalization。

 You're like， maybe not now， I'll do it on my lunch break。 F on the lunch break。

 I'll do it when I walk home from work。 Oh shit， I didn't do it。 I'll do better tomorrow。

 I'll just do 60 minutes。😡，Toorrow and then pass out。 Okay， so don't just wing it。

 S it in like a fucking work schedule。 Okay， sit down like every Sunday night and be like， okay。

 when am I going to do my 30 minutes， you know， this week， Okay， Monday， I'm doing five minutes here。

10 minutes there，5 minutes here， Tuesday，30 minutes then， boom so on and so forth。

 and stick to it as if it was work。 Okay， you just don't have a fucking choice。

 If you want extra leverage to do it as well， you can have a friend check in on your。😡。

Facebook updates， for example， every time you go out， you write down the three sets， three lessons。

 And if you miss a day， you know， come up with some sort of punishment。

 just something to add you know， a little extra leverage。 guys do this sometimes with money。

 you can tell your friend like， hey， here's 100 bucks。 Here's 200 bucks。 here's 1000。

 know whatever really motivates you。 and tell them to check in daily on those Facebook updates。

 And if you miss a day， you can keep the thousand。 that there willll be like， shit。

 I don't have a choice now。 guys will also do this sometimes with you know approaching women and you can do this too。

 if you go out and you really can't find that motivation。

 which you fucking should give your buddy like 100 bucks and tell them， hey， with every interaction。

 I get 10 back。 so that's just a little tip on top of it all。 Now， when doing this too。

 in the beginning， your focus should be on surviving， not thriving。 Okay， and this is key surviving。

 not thriving。 Don't aim to kill it at first。 don't aim to。Have amazing results。

 Simply aim to survive doing this daily。 Okay， that's where your focus should be。

 It should not be on， did I do well today。 Oh， I sucked for you。

 during those 30 minutes and my progressing， it should be on that。

 it should be on making this a fucking habit。 Okay， it doesn't matter if you're killing it or not。

 What matters is you're sticking to the schedule， no matter fucking what， okay。

 you stick through the pain， the discomfort， you push through the tough stuff。

 until you get used to it and your body starts wanting it。 okay， and once it's a habit。

 once your emotions are aligned， then focus on pushing past that and thriving。

 but make sure to aim to survive at first， not to thrive at first。 And also as a little side note。

 Don't get stuck in surviving either。 Okay， as soon as you notice the emotional shift。

 and you're like， oh yeah， just going out another 30 minutes， just part of who I am。

 then move forward。 and building on this， and I think this is the most important part of it all。

 is that doing this。ily will also help you build a certain amount of momentum。 Okay。

 and this is crucial。 Okay， so once you take right action。 Okay， you take that leap， you jump in。

 you go against those emotions that are holding you back， which oftentimes。

 you know is the hardest part of it。 It's like that initial。 Okay， I'm going do this。

 H on to that at all cost。 Okay， H on to that feeling of acting through the new identity that you want to take on。

 or you'll quickly lose it and snap back to you know， the old identity or the one you currently have。

 Okay， and next time you go out instead of picking up where you left off， you know， which's like。

 okay， I've got the feeling。 I'm gonna keep pushing it and pushing it and pushing it。

 You're gonna spend that time getting that feeling back。 Okay， I remember in Switzerland。

When I first started going out， I'd usually do like one or two days a week。 Okay。

 I didn't start off with the 30 minutes every day。 And what would happen is every Friday。

 I'd usually go out Friday and Saturday。 every Friday， I'd go out。

 and I'd spend that night pretty much building myself up to taking right action。 I'd go out。

 And I'm like， oh， man。 Here we are again。I havenn't done this in a few days， fuck。

Let's do this shit。 My emotions。 You know， I'm like shit。 It's scary。

 My emotions are holding me back and just finally take right action。

 I'd kind of spark and ignite that feeling again。 And I'd do it a bit more。

 And that was my Friday night。 Okay， and then Saturday。

 because just a day had passed and I still remembered what it felt like to act with that new identity。

 It was a lot easier to jump in again and to progress from there。 Okay， but then what would happen。

 And this is the downside is I wouldn't go out till Friday， you know， the week after， and guess what。

 that Friday， the same thing would happen。 I oh shit。

 haven't gone out in a while and I'd spend that whole fucking night just bringing that feeling back。

 Okay， instead of just， you know， moving forward from there。

 And this is why doing this daily is so key and you have to build momentum。

 If I would have started off directly with going out 30 minutes a day and longer nights Friday。

 Saturday。 What would happen。 Okay， I'd go out， let's just say Friday， build myself up。

 Take right action。 Saturday， because it's still there。 I would build off of that， move forward。

Then I would go out 30 minutes a day，30 minutes a day，30 minutes a day， and。Result wise， you know。

 I probably wouldn't accomplish much。 You're just going out 30 minutes。

 but it would allow me to hang on to that feeling of taking right action。

 It's like a reminder daily of， okay， this is what it feels like， I'm going against my motion。

 I'm going against my motion。 And when the next Friday would come around instead of going through the hassle of just building myself up again to take right action。

 I'd be used to it。 And I could just progress further， Pro further， Pro further so on and so forth。

 It's like starting up an engine， if you will。 instead of just starting it up every Friday and letting it run through Saturday and then just letting it die and wasting the next Friday。

 starting it up again。 Why not just starting it up once and then just focus on keeping it running。

 you'll progress a lot faster that way。 And you'll make things a lot easier on yourself。

 because all the effort really is in just starting it up。 once it's running。

 Its just like pretty much a fucking snowball effect from there。

 You could also compare it to launching a rocket into space where I believe it's 80% of the。

Is just to launch it， you know， to get it in a space。 And once it's there， I mean。

 then you have the last 20% just to keep it there。 Okay， it's the same fucking thing here。

 and do this on a macro level。 Okay， in terms of doing this every single day for 30 minutes a day。

 but also on a micro level during your nights out。 for you to maximize your time out getting reference experiences。

 you have to build momentum as well。 don't just do one approach。 and then just stop。

 take a long break， lose that feeling and have to start up the fucking engine again for the second approach。

 Okay， instead， take action and keep taking fucking action。

 Don't take long breaks and minimize your time in between taking action。 now， keep this。

 you know at a sustainable pace as well。 just always take action doesn't mean running around like a crazy person like。

 oh shit I must be doing I must be doing， don't let the engine die or you're gonna burn yourself out。

 you can do it at a slower pace but no fucking breaks。 Okay， once you ignite that feeling。

Of actinging through the new identity。 don't risk stopping and snapping back to the old one。

 Hang onto it。 Okay， ride that wave。 Keep taking action。

 Why the emotion is fucking high and the idea is fucking strong， clear and powerful。

 You do have to accept， however， that at some point， you are going to lose it。

 you are gonna to lose momentum。 you may skip a day or two， instead of going out every single day。

 You may take a long break while out。 nobody's perfect。 or you may even lose it。

 if you are taking action。 even if you're taking action going out every single day。

 You may get burnt out。 you may get tired and that'll turn into negativity。

 you start viewing this as a chore， you may hit a plateau。 or even on a night out。

 you may still be taking action。 You just get rejected a bunch of times in a row。

 and then you start getting negative as well， you get stuck in your head and you just get caught in this downward spiral even if you're taking action。

 now that's fine。 it's totally fine if you lose it as long as you know how to snap yourself out of that and get it back。

So let's take a night out， for example。 Okay， let's just say you go out and you start off well。

 you jump in， you take right action， you continue to take right action and you build up a certain amount of momentum。

 Okay， now let's hypothetically say that an hour in， you get rejected a few times。

 Things don't really go your way。 you get a little tired and you lose it。Now。

 what most guys do is when that happens， they freak the fuck out。 They're like， oh my God。

 I'm losing it and they start rushing things。 They start， you know， getting a little needy。

 a little desperate。 And as we discussed before， I mean， thats just repelling to women。 Okay。

 no one wants to be around that type of energy。 And it just reinforces that downward spiral。

 They're like， oh my God， fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck and they are done。 Okay。

 so first of all， when it happens， don't freak out。 Okay， accept it and expect it。 Okay。

 realize that emotions always come in waves。 Okay， there's ups and downs。 that's just， you know。

 the way it is， that's natural course of things。 And if you expect to just stay on a high。

 the entire time， you're gonna be disappointed time and time again。 Okay， when you're up。

 when you're writing a certain wave of momentum， expect it to end。 And by that note is well。

 when it ends， expect it to go back up。 I like to compare it to。Flying a plane。

 Let's just say there's a newbie pilot who's never flown a plane before and an advanced pilot who's a veteran in the field。

 And let's just say they hit turbulence。 Now， the newbie pilot， he's never experienced that before。

 He doesn't really expect it。 He's like， oh my God， what turbulence， And what does he do。

 He does what every guy does when they start losing momentum。 He freaks the fuck out。 He's like。

 oh my God Oh my God and obviously， things don' go well。 Now。

 let's just take the more advanced pilot。 when he hits turbulence。 does he freak out。 of course not。

 because guess what， I mean， it's expected。 You're like， oh， of course。

 I'm gonna hit fucking turbulence。 If you start losing momentum。 And you've been in this a while。

 You're like， oh， of course， I'm losing momentum。 He doesn't fucking freak out。 He expects it。

 He accepts it。 And then what does he do。 He just focus his on releveing the plane and you're good to go。

 Okay， And this here is the mindset you should have and you lose momentum。 You simply accept it。

 like， okay， expect it and focus on getting it back。 Now， how do you do that。 Okay， step 1。

 don't get caught up in it。What you have to realize is that memory is state access dependent。

 And what does that mean， Basically， whenever you're in a certain emotional or mental， know state。

 you're gonna to remember all the previous times you were in that same emotional or mental state。

 so let's just say you're out。 You're building momentum when you start losing it。

 What are you thinking， You're like， oh shit I'm losing it。 Oh shit， I'm desperate， Oh， shit。

 I'm getting rejected。 I'm needy。 I'm feeling rushed。 I'm in my head。

 and what are you going remember， all the previous times you felt that exact same way。

 and you're going to block off all of the times that you were in the zone or on top of your shit。

 Okay， even the interactions you had during that first hour of building momentum or you were doing well。

 You're gonna forget about those。 You're just going live in that little reality of I suck and this is all that there is。

 Okay so step1， don't get caught up in that。 What all you usually should do is I'll take a few seconds just to you。

 stop， Take a deep breath。 I'm not going to dwell on it。 I just want to take perspective。

 I don't want to。Identify with that feeling there， I'm like， okay。I just kind of lost momentum。

 That's fine。 I accept it。 I expect it。 And I'm just realizing right now my thoughts are just remembering all those other times I was out of it。

 I'm not going to identify with those thoughts。Now， from there。 And this is step 2。

 I'm going to be congruent to how I feel。 Okay， I'm not going to try to force it。

 If I'm feeling a certain way。 I'm not gonna to pretend that I'm feeling you know a different way where girls will sense the discrepancy。

 remember， never try to manage a certain impression。 Just express who you are。

 And I'm going to embrace that。 not resist it。 And I'm going to exaggerate it and laugh at it。

 we talked about this before， embrace exaggerate laugh。

 and step 3 is I'm just going keep taking fucking action and have blind faith that at some point。

 things will get better。 Okay， emotions always come in waves。 I expect it to go down。

 when I'm down there， I expect it to go back up again。

 And I'm just going to keep taking action until that just naturally happens。 an example。

 this my favorite example was a client I had in London。 And halfway through the night。

 he just lost it completely。 and not just a little bit but fully out of it to the point whos just sad。

 disappointed in himself。 on the verge of tears。 And he comes up to me。 Hes like， oh my God。

 I can't do this。 Oh my God this is。Too much。 I'm like， okay， stop。

 realize right now that your mind is playing tricks on you。 Okay， memory is state access dependent。

 Don't get caught up in that。 Okay， so I snap him out of it。 Step 2。

 I tell him to be congruent to how he feels。 Okay， if he's sad right now。

 and he keeps approaching women， pretending to be happy and cheerful。

 they're going to keep rejecting him because they can sense the discrepancy。 Okay。

 they can sense he's forcing things。 He's trying to manage a certain impression instead of just expressing who he is。

 So I tell him be congruent how you feel in， exaggerate， laugh。 Okay， so if you're sad right now。

 you're gonna embrace that。 Okay， and I sent him to talk to a girl。

 and I tell him to tell her that he's sad to exaggerate how sad he really is and to hopefully laugh about it all。

 Okay， so he goes up， he's like， hey。I'm really sad。 You know， I lost all my momentum。

Chuckles a little bit。 And because he's congruent。 the girl talks him for a little while。 Okay。

 it ends， he comes back to me。 I'm like， good。 do the same thing on the next girl。 Okay， step 3。

 just keep taking action and have blind faith that at some point， things will get better。

 So he goes up to next girl is like， hey， you know， I'm sad。 da da du。

 laughs a bit more and comes back to me。 Send him in on the third girl。 And this I's like， hey。

 I'm sad。 And she talks a little while， but then rejects him。 He's like， oh， when I get rejected。

 And the reason she rejected him is because he was no longer congruent。 Okay。

 what happened is the first interaction， he was sad。 So his congruent。 The second when he was sad。

 So his congruent。 But because he embraced exaggerated and laughed。 by the third interaction。

 he felt a little bit better and s I'm sad was no longer congruent。 So I sent him to the fourth girl。

 And I'm like， okay， tell her this。 Hey， I was sad， but I'm a little bit less sad now。

 And then he laugheds some more。 And we kept doing that。 and at some point。😔，Things got better。

 You know， he got his momentum back and you just killed it the rest of the night。

 So how do you get it back。 Don't get caught up in it， Embra， exaggerate。

 laugh and just keep taking action and have blind faith that at some point， things will get better。

 Another thing I'd say is hitting it this hard and just really going all out daily。

 doing those 30 minutes a day， really shouldn't freak you out either to be honest。

 if you want to make a certain shift， you better start getting used to being that new you and acting through that new identity。

24，7。 the 30 minutes is just the minimum ideally， you should let that carry out threat the rest of your fucking day。

 if you're out interacting with women， you're on top of your shit。 if you're working。

 you're also on top of your shit。 You're taking right action at work。

 you're cultivating willpower as well。 If you're hanging out with your friends。

 You're working on your social skills。 the way you show up in one situation is probably the way you show up in every situation。

 So always try to be on top of it。 what I tell my clients is always act as if you're。

NextTo a gorgeous girl，24，7。 Okay， this isn't something that you just turn on。

 And that's really how a lot of guys view it。 They're like。

 I'm only on top of it when I go out and they go out and they're like， okay。

 I'm gonna transform and pick up man。 It's like， no， okay， that's like。

Comedian saying he's only gonna to be funny if he's doing a show and he's getting paid。

 it's like fuck that。 If you're a comedian， you should be funny all the time。 Okay。

 that's what you're supposed to be doing。 You're the funny guy。

 If this is you like the new you you want to become， Don't resist that。

 Don't view it as a fucking chore。 You know， It's not like， oh， I have to do the 30 minutes。

 Why do I have to do this every day。 It's like， hell man， get used to doing this fucking every day。

 This is you， stop coming up with the excuses and be who you're supposed to be24，7。

 and change your philosophy about labor is well。 Okay。

 be happy that this here is a lot of work and that it requires so much fucking effort。 Okay。

 stop being lazy， stop trying to maximize what you can get or take without giving。 Okay。

 and that's most humans， where I was trying to minimize the output and maximize the input。 Okay。

 you find out about success with women。 You're like， oh my God。

 how can I just get the success without putting in the fucking work。And remember。

 as we previously discussed everything's a fucking exchange。 The more you put out。

 the more you get in return。 Okay， stop conserving resources。 And that's most people。

 most people live in a scarce reality where they have limited resources。 things like energy time。

 even money， and they're afraid to put it out there。

 They think that if they share it or give it to someone， they will lose it。 Okay。

 to quote Russell Simmons on this one， you'll never lose what you have given。 Okay。

 and a selected blind ball， you also want to cultivate is you have an infinite amount of resources。

 Okay， if you think that your energy is limited and you're always trying to conserve it。

 you may hear， I'll go out 30 minutes a day and you're like， oh man， I's gonna get so exhausted。

 fuck that。 Okay， believe in an infinite amount of energy。 And in reality， too。

 you can always tap into the reserve。 most people they get tired like after this much like， oh。

 I'm just already tired when in reality， they could just go way longer。 Okay。

 next time you're out if you're tired， ask yourself。

 if you would still be tired if someone walked up。gunun to your head。 And they're like， hey。

 some in the fucking energy。 you're gonna be oh shit the gun like the adrenaline and shit like tap in the fucking reserve。

 Okay， go all out and remember take won't bring happiness either。 as we talked about before。

 Don't do it for the validation。 it's not the girls's reactions that make you happy。

 It's the actions It's you doing， It's the internal fulfillment。

 Okay so stop asking yourself what can I take， what can I get out of this and start offering value instead。

 we talked about this in terms of getting mentors do this with everyone。

 it's like go up to girls and just offer energy， offer fun， offer positivity。

 Okay that's when you feel good， and it also shows that you have your life handled。

 if you can just give and give and give What does it say about you like damn。

 this guy is really on top of his shit。 He has so much that he can just share that with anyone。

 He's not looking to see what he can take out of this。

 He's just giving because he's so abundant And that really is the true reward here。

Giving the doing the work itself， not the result。 Okay。

 and this is a mental shift you have to make where you really。

 really have to stop focusing on that external result and focus on the internal result。

 you get from doing from working。 okay， enjoy working， love working。 Be immersed in work。 You know。

 love it so much。 You forget to sleep and eat because you're just so fucking lost in it and really。

 really don't do it to reach a finish line as we previously discussed。 Okay。

 you're in this till the day you fucking die love just doing it for the pleasure of doing it till the day you die。

 and there's a saying too， if you're looking forward to your vacation。

 quit if you are doing this to reach a certain point。 you're like。

 fucking chore so much effort I just want to be there。 quit right now。 Okay， enjoy doing this。

 this is yourre fucking vacation。 Okay， this is what you're in it for and really fucking。

 commit to this as well。 Okay， except nothing。Les from yourself than your best fucking efforts。

 a practice must have an intention。 don't have acid。

 Just hustle your ass off and that there really is the source of happiness。 Okay， go all out。

