# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：9.实战_Infields：内野6-进入状态_Infield 6 - Getting Into State【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So in this video here， I'm going to teach you how I basically warm up， know， like get in state。

 get in the zone by merging sets。 and this here is my secret technique， if you will。

 It's the way that I kind of accelerate the process， you know， going from out of state to instate。

 and I do this every single time I go out be it during the day as you're about to see or at night。

 just really gets me there， you know， within seconds， you know， literally seconds。 And you know。

 most of the nights I go out where I really get like you know that dime piece of say the club or。

 you know that dime piece during the day。 It's after I've gone through this process here。

 Okay so let's start with the basics of getting yourself in state， if you will。 Okay。

 I call these my four mantras。 And this is what I follow every single time I go out。

 every single time to this day。 I remember when I first started out， I would always ask myself， like。

 I wonder what， you know like guys who are really advanced think when they go out for me， it's this。

😊，Okay so the first mantra is there's nothing to win， nothing to lose。 Okay， As soon as I go out。

 I just immediately take the pressure off。 You know， it's like up until I'm in a nice social mood。

 you know， I'm not even gonna think about say getting the girl or getting any kind of outcome or results。

 know it just doesn't matter。 It's just me taking action for the sake of taking action。 You know。

 if you're out at night as well。 Most of the time in the first part of the night。

 it's very rare girls gonna go home with you。 So there really is nothing to win nothing to lose。

 know， it's like， no matter how well you do， you're not gonna fuck the girl。

 So as soon as you're out。Nothing to win， nothing to lose， take the pressure off。From there。

 the second mantra is the more I do， the less the environment does to me。 Okay， Now。

 what does that mean， The same is in an interaction where there's I was one person reacting more to the other person than that person is reacting to them。

 this also happens with your environment。 When you go out， the environment， you know。

 is either reacting to you or you're reacting to the environment。

 And if you're reacting to the environment， you're going get overwhelmed and shoved in your head。

 Okay， especially， say during the day， you know， here I'm in Miami。

If I go out and I'm just standing still and looking around like， okay， let's do this because。

 you know， I'm just not doing anything。 the environment's overwhelming me。

 And was it saying this is scary， Everyone's going to judge you， It's quiet。 It's the day。

 it's creepy。 if I'm in a loud club。 I'm like， oh， it's loud。 Oh， it's a hectic environment。

 I don't belong here。 Oh， the environment is not on your fucking side and you do not want it to overwhelm you。

 Okay， so the second mantra is basically， how do you prevent the environment from overwhelming you。

 simply by doing something。 every time you do the environment doesn't do to you。 Now。

 this could be talking to women。 you probably heard minimize time in between interaction。 You know。

's why， because you're always taking action。 but it could also just mean you leave an interaction。

 You could just be talking to your friends。 You could be tapping your leg， tapping your foot。

 just do something never stop taking action。 That's the second mantra。Now， the third one， you know。

 is when guys hear this like， okay， I got to do。 they take it a little too far。 you know。

 and they run around like a chicken with its head cut off， like crazy。 And that doesn't work either。

 Okay， so the third mantra is don't force it， let it arise。 and what does that mean。

 You take the pressure off。 Nothing to win nothing to lose。 You start doing。 but you do， if you will。

 at a congruent pace。 Okay， if I'm say a little tired in the beginning of the night。

 I'm not going to pretend to be all high energy。 I'm going to take action at a tired pace。

 if I don't feel comfortable being say， you know， like hugging the girl or saying something a little bit more out there in the beginning of the night or day。

 I'm not going to say it， I'm going to be congruent to how I feel。

 and I'm going to trust that with time and repetition。

 it's going to just sneak up on me and basically state， if you will， It's going to arise。 Okay。

 now a little tip here is be congruent。 but lean over the edge of what feels congruent。 So。

 for example， in the beginning， I might be like， oh， hey， what's up。And then I might say， like， oh。

 I hate you is a joke。 Now， I'm still saying it congruently。 like， I hate you versus I hate you。

 You know， like massive push。 It's a little bit outside what feels comfortable。 But by doing that。

 leaning over the edge if you will， you accelerate the process， if you will。 Okay。

 so that's the third mantra？ And the fourth one is instead of asking yourself， how， you know。

 like can I get the girl like， oh， like that's my goal to get the girl， your goal is。

 make yourself laugh。 Okay， instead of how can I get the girl， how can I make myself laugh。

 And that's your criteria for success。 If you did well。

 It doesn't matter if the girl liked you or not， doesn't matter if you succeeded or not。

 nothing when nothing lose， What matters is that you have more fun than before。😊。

And this is self amusement and the best ways to laugh at yourself and really， no matter what happens。

 even if you get rejected， you can laugh at yourself。 So it's always a whim。

 those are the four mantras。 and if you repeat those， you'll get in the zone。Now， merging sets。

 which we're about to get into here。Really is like the secret technique。

 And this is the way you kind of accelerate it all。 So by merging sets， what does that mean。

 Instead of being tunnel vision， like most guys， they go out during the day and they'll see a girl。

 know， they're roaming the streets like here in Miami， they most likely roam the streets like jaws。

 you know， like dont don dot that one And they open。 And then it ends。 And it's like， oh，0 out of1。

 fuck they go to the next girl。0 out of 2。 instead here， you just start talking to everyone。

 You go up to one girl， you say hi， And instead of just being tunnel vision while you're talking to her if you see another girl。

 open the other girl and just merge them together。 Okay， be the introducer， if you will。It's like。

 oh come， my friend， come my friend， come， my friend。

 And you start like you can introduce them to other girls to strangers。

 you can bring your buddies in。 and basically， you start talking to all these people。 Now。

 what does this do in terms of there's nothing to win。

 nothing to lose There is no outcome because you're talking to so many girls。

 You can't really count your batting average， if you will。

 There is no zero out of one because you're talking to three girls at the same time。

 There's no target。 there is no ego on the line。 So that's done。

 The more I do the less environment does to me， You're always talking everyone。

 You're never out of set because there's so many people around you So you get into the zone very。

 very fast on top of that， you talk to so many people in that environment that you just feel very ideas is like you know everybody。

 you have all these social alliances。 There is no unknown anymore。 The third mantra。

 you're still gonna have to monitor that yourself always check to be congruent。 And the fourth one。

 how can you make yourself laugh。 You just start making these funny like introductions like oh。

 this is my sister。 there's my girlfriend find ways to selfimuse and by doing this。

 you'll get in the zone within second。You will overwhelm the environment during the day and at night。

 Okay， so what you're going to see here is during the day， Here I am。And with two clients。

 this is on boot camp。 And I'm basically talking to them in terms of self amusement。 I'm like。

 you know， if you get rejected， it's actually easier to laugh at yourself than if you do well。

 And as I'm saying that， you'll see another student behind me open two girls and bring them over and merge them with us。

 Okay， and this is the goal。 It's like everyone here has to be merging。 And throughout this video。

 you can see like girls just been introduced left and right。 So let's crack into it。😊。

If your only goal in the beginning， is to laugh at yourself。

Then there is the good reactions should be the bad reactions because if you have good reactions。

 it's kind of tough to laugh at yourself if the girl's like， do you be like？Fness like love yourself。

 Are you finished。 Are you from Finland， I am from Finland， Helsinki。ing so here he brings him over。

 And I'm like， oh， are you from Finland。 You know， they just look very， you know。

 Scandinavia and either， you know， she's actually Swedish like Swedish or Finnish。

 And I found it extremely funny at the time to just mock the， you know， Finnish accent。 Okay。

 like every guy from Finland。 They kind of talk like， I am from Finland， You know。

 kind of very robotic。 I just found that funny。 So I'm like， oh， are you from Finland。

 I am from Finland。 and I kind of mock the stereotype。

 Now this is something that I personally find funny。 This is me basically pushing my own buttons。

 Okay， you need to ask yourself， what do you find funny。 Okay， remember the fourth mantra。

 How can I make myself laugh。 So I kind of， you know， mock the stereotype here for a bit。 Yes。

 my name is Alexxi I am very， I work at Nokia， cell Nokia。 yes。

 very large I am from Finland Finland Yes， I work at the Nok。 my name is Alex。😊。

My friend from Hungary， Hungary。 friend Hungary We are at Nokia convention for real I'm actually not from Finland。

 but I like to the accent。 I can play it off if I do the crunch in shores like I am from Finland。😊。

Okay， so here I'm， again， in my mind， I find this hilarious。 I'm like。😊，Like。

 I'm totally laughing how， how weird。 Like， I'm from Finland。 Noko convention。 in my mind。 I'm like。

 oh my God， you know， it's like that there， that laughter is just like loosening up and I not' taking myself seriously。

 just gets me in the zone really fucking fast。 Now， if you do it for too long。

 obviously becomes try hard。 it's， you know， you you gotta keep it moving forward。

 So I go towards the girl。 I like。 I'm like， hey， I， I'm just kidding。😊，But I can do the accent。

 you know， and I kind of explain。Where are you from， Oh， Senska。 too， you have to Bota。 So I ask her。

 where are you from。 She's like， Sweden， I'm like， oh Senska， you have to Bota。 Okay。

 And here I kind of make fun of that as well。 And one thing I always love doing with girls who are from Sweden。

 as I tell themm like， oh， Ska， you have to Bota is if like Sweden Gothenburg is if I'm from there。

 too。😊，And then they always asked me something。 And I never really knew what it is。 like what it was。

 And it was， Bata du Spenska。 And that means you speak Swedish。 But basically， for the longest time。

 I would say that， Then I would wait， and they'd be like， Bata du Spensska。

 and they't have to say is you。 And they're like， oh my God。 So I find this funny， too。

 So I kind of fuck around with her with that。😊，안드야 안드야。I'm actually not， I'm from America。

 but I know a little Spencek， I know Spencekkakakaska。What is your name， Maren。SS， Sarah，ra。

 answer you。So， again， it's like， then， of course， that， I'm not from Sweden。 nice to meet you。

 And you just have to add some realness。 Okay， it has to be a real interaction。

 And if you can see here， too in the background， there's another client who's opening two other girls。

 and we're soon gonna to merge them together。 Okay， so you start with one or two。

 And then gradually you start overwhelming and just really dominating the environments。

 I'm do you do。 I just fucking。😊，No no， we're going to walk down the street like my friends got in from Hungary。

So we're just showing them around my， I'm here on vacation for a week。Okay， you。Don。

Do you like it or hate it more than Sweden I actually just came from Stockholm two weeks ago what did you do work。

So cold， yeah， that's why we're here Su， how old are you？I'm 20。

So young so you can't even go out here。 No， they I They still let you in Are at 20。 Do you like this。

I'm not even wear a makeup It's fine now It's fine。 It's fine。 Do it， do it， do it， please。😊，Anyways。

So here I do like a little playful push。 my lifter glasses up。 and she doest。 I'm like， anyways。

 okay， a playful push。 And this， too， when I talk about not forcing it， letting it arise。

 this is key because if I was like massively in state， if you will， she does。 I'd be like。

 go dispose of this or something obmnoxious here， I'm congruent to how I feel。

 So I still do the push。 But instead， I'm like， anyways， okay， and then， of course， it flies。

 you always have to be congruent and I was leaning a little bit over the edge。😊，I'm kid。 I'm kidding。

 I'm Julian， by the way。 Nice to And she is Fa nice to meet you。 I'm actually now from Finland。

 No Are you Swedish as well。 Yeah， Do you know， Do you drink a lot of it， I know little spk。

 Oh I'm veryble。😊，No， I know a little bit。 I know why now it's the other one。 low scories。

 Do eat a lot of low sc， low scies scories。😊，Comes out of my other friends from Hungary。

 just right there， don't embarrass me。No， no， no， it's okay。 just bangang。 And then I merged。 Okay。

 And what do I say Ca guys always overthink it Come out my friends from hungry。 No， no， it's okay。

 Don't embarss me。 It's okay。 It's okay。 Like， it's okay。 That's all you have to say。 You know。

 you don't need like some whole logical spiel。 Just come in， my friends。 Come， come come。

 come like that。 done。 That's really all you have to do。 And with this too。 don't get too hooked on。

 say making the merge work。 Okay， it's like， well， they have to start talking to each other。

 The fun part is just in the merging in and of itself。😊，what are we doing here。We're going to A&M。

What are you guys doing， Sand Ra Sandra， what are you doing tonight？I to mention。Li。

And here I ask her， to， It's like， what are you guys doing tonight？ Okay， obviously。

 these girls just judging by the vibe。 they're pretty much busy。 Now。 It's like， what are we doing。

 Oh my God， you know， we have to go， Oh my God， what are you doing tonight， Okay。

 if you ever meet a girl during the day， if you can't say fuckcker then and there。

 Always try to date to her later that night versus another day。

 it'll reduce your chances of flaking drastically。Actually， I was he with live， but match after off。

 if you remember me， what's my name。remember my mom？Jullian， Juliaian， Juliat， youA you Sws， where。

Li。I Z boom， jump in， say hi to the other girls。 Okay， and again。

 this helps massively with the first mantra， nothing to win nothing to lose。

 If I wast talking to those other girls， I'd just be solely focused on the blonde Swedish girl。

 I'm like oh， there， that's all there is。 And suddenly goes some scarcity to abundance。 It's like。

 oh， now， there's this girl and this girl。 There's this girl。 it's all good。😊，抓了黄山。yeah。

 we should go。 Yeah， okay， Oh before you leave， I'll text to you tonight。And that too， very。

 very key。 Her friends， like， we should go。 And I hear that。 And immediately， okay。

 I lower my time of reaction。 And that， too， you gotta be fast on the ball。 I'm like， oh。

 before you leave， like totally casual， but I'm fast。 I'm like， oh， before you leave。

 I'll text you tonight。 Okay， day to her later that night。 What's my name， Okay， okay。😊，No， yeah。

 I probably will do have you ever been on to live on that Wednesday though， when did you move here？

sayy hi to another girl that another guy brought in。 So it's again。

 you're just like girls all over the place。 You just really slowly start overwhelming the environment100%。

 I love My friends from Sweden。 where you're from。😊，You have a huge chance。

 Look at that jewelry put your number first name last on audio on Facebook。How old are you？

And then you can literally just bounce back and forth between all these different girls， you know。

 And even if you run out of things to say， you know， I instead of being stuck like， oh shit。

 I ran of things to say， Just bounce off to another girl。

 Talk to her and bounce back once you have something to say。 I mean， this really is the shit。

You want to steal my bike。 Thats so cool's。We felt crazy Fast mouth and see here。 Min dirty there。

She kind of wants to go。 You can go and sorry。 we're just fucking around。 No， no， no， it's cool。

 it was fun， actually， but I hope probably see a mansion tonight。' be there Do you remember。

Goodbye forever how old do you think I am， by the way。23， no， I'm sorry but you guys。You're 18，25，25。

嗯O。そじ。I love this Are you from Switzerland too， No Belgium。Do you speak French or Dutch？

I guess I speak speaking All I do is that is the meanest。

 I mean what do we you do if I just cried right now？Have you ever been to Budapest？Yeah。

Why are you in Miami vacation？We study for English。You have a massive French accent。

 We study here for three months because I am so French， and I love asie f exactly。 saoi。😊，Ss of each。

Sitzleyley will you be mine Sha What is your name and hold my hand。Hahel Rachel。Ha， H Yuan Juliaian。

ian， Hael and Juliaian forever。You are a little short， but I still love you。 Andzebiian。

 How do you say short， Kin andzeian K andzebi。太不及子特不及子。And then I admit it's a hobbit。Well。

 she can't see it actuallys smaller than you。 Of course， she's going to be like， you are so tall。

So as we just fucking around。 Okay， it's like， I love mocking stereotypes。 And I'm like。

 well she's smaller than you and the friends like mother fucker And in my mind， I'm like。I'm2 meters。

 where are you guys going。拜e。All right， you should come to mansion tonight。 No， I don't likesion。

 I went to live last week on Wednesday。 Mansion's better on Wednesday。Live is better。

The old Ef School。In mentioned。What is that Ef school So then， of course， I'm sewing it down。

 I'm like， oh， what is that Ef school。 What are you doing tonight， Okay， fuck around， realness。

 F around， realness。 if you're just fucking around， you turn to a clown， if you're just boring， real。

 then you're boring。I like to learn English。So did you know the。

 you know the Swedish girls my friends， I think they went there too， I think so yeah。

 everyone I meet here is like， oh， let you go to learn English， Are you going to live tomorrow？No。

 I'm sure I do really today。しま。Step back。 Step back。You'tN。

 jump in and say hi to the middle My friend from Norway， by the way， Oh slow。这这样这样啊。B。

So I throw in another student like oh， go and say hi to the middle girl。

 and then literally any girl walking by。 like the girl walking behind like turn around。

 Max like turn around， like grab her in。 it's like every girl And another cool thing with merging is let's just say success rate of an open is gonna be a lot higher because you already have girls with you。

 It's not like you're just like by yourself in the street。

 like even here like this huge group of guys。 Imagine us just roaming the street like a pack saying hi to girls。

 I mean， it can come off pretty intense here because you have girls when another girls like I'm like hey。

 come my friends。 And she' sees girls。 She'll be like， oh， of course， you already got girls。

 She's already in abundance。 and it'll work a lot better。😊，あま。You're not from Miami， are you。

Are you from Miami。From here about。I don't like if she lives here。It's her birthday。

 but don't fuck embarrass us because we know how you little Miami， I just fucking do it。So again。

 how do I make it fun Like like it's her birthday。 So she arrives happy birthday。 it was like。😊。

And again， here， I'm pretty much like in the zone。 Okay。

 it's like literally overwhelmed and dominated the fucking environment。

 You'll see the the camera pan out now and you'll just see like a C of just like all these girls that we're talking to it's like this little corner of the block we own。

这个全年。あき分。Okay。い。C I hell like this。Bang。That sure。So again， he runs。

 then there's like two girls here on the on the left， a girl with a guy。

 There's the two guys here talking to this girl sitting down。

 It's literally like this whole little environment it taken over。そ帅。Yeah。I love you。 hi how you Yeah。

 my friend， but I live here really。Okay， so this is really， I mean， how I do it。 Okay。

 like sometimes of course， you can just stick on one girl and I put a video of that as well in field one where you just stick on one and you let time and just repetition do the work。

 But this year， you know， if there are a lot of women to talk to is， in my opinion。

 the best way to really accelerate this process of getting yourself in the zone。

 And don't forget the four mantras。 there's nothing to win， nothing to lose。 the more I do。

 the less the environment does to me。 don't force it， let it arise。 and lastly。

 how can I make myself laugh。 Okay， try doing this merging。 you're gonna fucking love it。

