# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：8.故事_Stories：2.约会美女故事_2. Dating Beautiful Women Stories【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So in this video， I thought I'd share some of my relationship stories。Now， as soon as I say this。

 you know， relationship stories or if I'm giving like a seminar， guys are always shocked。 You know。

 they're like， what you relationships， aren't you like a player， You know， it's like。

 how could you give relationship advice。 Like， I get this all the time。 You know。

 people I was shocked in you maybe too， You know， it's like you see dating beautiful womens stories。

 And it's like， here's some lessons I learned from all the relationship that I've been in。

 You're like， when the fuck did joy and get into relationships， You know， my public persona is very。

 I'm the player。 I don't give a shit。 I just fuck a new bitch every night， which I pretty much。

 you know， I pretty much do， but I've always been in relationships。 You know。

 I've always had relationships。 I love relationships。 And I've learned a fuck ton from them。 Okay。

 like a lot of this whole。You know， players， they can't get relationships。

 like you'll hear that a lot。 like， oh， these pickup guys can fuck girls， but they can't keep them。

 It's just like some bullshit myth and， you know， excuse slash rationalization that guys tell themselves。

 know， it's like， oh， yeah， well they can fuck girls， but they can't keep them。 F that。 Okay。

 what do we talk about and shift。 the beginning of a relationship is sex。 Okay， sleeping with a girl。

 that's the biggest swarm of investment on her end。 And from there。

 it's so easy to keep a fucking relationship。 Okay， you get this down。 of course。

 you'll be able to keep a relationship。 Okay， don't fall into that bullshit there。 Okay。

 but what I thought I do in this video here is。Go through。

 you know my four main slash most serious relationships over the past eight years and I you know。

 chronologically go through them and share with you the lessons that I learned， you know。

 from each one and how the lessons I learned from， say the first one you know。

 transferred to the second one， so on and so forth to you know， the girl I'm dating right now。

 the relationship I'm in now， which you know is a very healthy relationship and one that is working amazingly well。

 you know， like all the mistakes， everything I did right， how it changed me。

 how I changed the vibe in a relationship， managing expectations， etc ce。

 I thought I'd just all break it down。So I obviously changed the names here you for privacy reasons。

 but the first girl。Is Anna。 Okay， and this is a girl in Switzerland。

 And this was technically my first relationship ever。 Okay。

 this was after I found out about the game， of course， I did have， okay。

 I did have a girlfriend when I was 15 for three months， but， but nothing happened。

 that was a girl I went to school with like two years prior。 and I was like。

 always had a crush on her。 and then she kind of settled for dating me because one of my friends didn't want to go with her or he had a girlfriend。

😊，And it was three months of us just walking to school together and back and like a peck on the cheek。

 like， And then after that just ended。 So it wasn't really a girlfriend。So yeah， my official。

 like the girl I consider my first girlfriend was this girl here， this is， you know。

 after having lost my virginity， sleeping with a treating girl， sleeping with a few girls after that。

 I met this girl。And。Yeah， I really， really liked her。 You know， was like it was a day two。

 I slept on on the date。 Like I， I went out。 It was the end of the night。 And every girl I did it。

 I don't know。 This is weird。 As soon as I met them， there， there was always like like。

 like natural chemistry。 like in the moment。 You know， it's like， I。

 I remember it was in Switzerland in a club。 I was like， hey and。😊，I think I opened her friend first。

 I go to her and she turned when her eyes locked。 It was kind of like。Like moments。

 And this happened with her。 and this happened with every single one after that。

So just weird little side notes。 kind of like， you know， like all you know。

 you guys both have natural chemistry。 So I got her number day to her invite her out through the motions。

 fuck around my place and。😊，I prettytty much consider her my girlfriend。Now。

 I would always fuck other girls at the same time。 Okay。

 and this is something I did not do well with her。 Okay， I fucked her and just really said。

 you know what I really like you， we should start hanging out more。 And， you know， of course。

 when you say something like that， she starts expecting more。 She's like， oh shit。 you know。

 like here I met this awesome guy。 Let's totally。 And in my mind， again。

 I had zero experience with relationships， I was just like， yeah， boyfriend girlfriend。

 And I'm still running around picking up other girls。And。Again， this guy mean a lot of trouble， you。

 mismanagement of expectations。嗯。I。Managed to， to reframe it， though， like， you know， she。

 she would she found out about me sleeping with all these other girls。

 And kind of once she found out， I also even called her one night。 I'm like， hey。

 I' had been cheating on you regularly for the past month with five different girls。

 like it was just really bad。 So so we kind of split up。 and then we got back together I kind of。

 you know， reset the expectations where she accepted it。

But this is also something I realized where even when I gave her that call and I told her I was cheating on her。

 she was pissed。 Of course， there was a part of her that liked it。

 And it was kind of like that first。Glimse at， you know， how powerful， say drama is。 You know。

 it's like how women really like those ups and downs。 that chasing a validation。 the， you know。

 it's like the the romantic。Fairy tale， like if everything's too smooth， it gets too boring and。

That was something I just kind of noticed'm like， well， that's weird you know。

 I thought I would just completely repel her， but you know。

 she would just start chasing and like she accepted， she wanted it even more。

So that was kind of with her。 I also realized that I was still very attached to the validation side of things where。

With this girl。I was really dating her。 But like my concern was more so like。

 what does this say about me and my， my image of me dating her。

 So I never really introduced her to my friends， or I never officially told anyone she was my girlfriend because I was worried。

 again， it was a very weak sense of reality， But I was very worried about like， is she hot enough。

 You know， it's like， are they gonna judge her。 What are they gonna think about me， E cetera。

 even though she was beautiful。 So it was just， it was very。Yeah， very pathetic。 I also had trouble。

 A lot of trouble opening up to her， where。I saw somewhat of a pickup front。You know， if you will。

I would never really fully be myself every time I see her。

 it was kind of like it was very fuck buddy hang out。 like just me fucking around， drink sex。

 fucking around， drink sex。 I would never let her， you know， spend the night。

 I would never spend the night at her place。 You know， actually a funny side note。

 I let her spend the night once by accident。 Like she came over and we watched a movie E had a couple of drinks。

 Then I passed out。And I woke up， and she was there the next time。'm like， like， like in my， it was。

 it was very， It was more of insecurity on my， on my side， like letting girls like see me。You know。

 spend the night， see me in the morning， like really get to know me。

 I couldn't fully open up there like I hadn't reached that， you know， entitlement， if you will。

 to be myself fully。So that was something I learned from this one as well。And in the end。

 this relationship ended when I moved to Los Angeles and it was actually。You know， pretty。

 it was actually pretty sad。 Like I realized after two， like， oh man。

 this girl was actually really cool。 I was sad I had Dan。 And I tried to get back together with her。

 Like， I moved to Los Angeles。 This when I moved there for the first time。

 and I started assisting with real social dynamics。And during the summer， like I moved there。

I think it was August， like end of August or something。 And a year later during the summer。

 I went back to Switzerland and I worked on a like a summer job on a garbage truck。

 I think It picture maybe up on my Facebook。 But anyway， I did this summer job And it paid really。

 really well。 So I was like， you know what I'm gonna to work like6 to7 weeks on the garbage truck and then come back to L A。

 And I remember with Owen， he was joke and he was like Julian Blannc。 you know， half the year。

 I pickup up chicks。 the other half， a pickup trash。

 like it was like an inside joke we had So I went back and and I tried to see her again。

 and she was like， no， no， no， she was like fully trying to move on and another funny story。

 like I thought somehow like maybe fucking her sister would help because I knew she had a sister。

 I knew what her sister looked like， but her sister didn't know me。 She knew my name。

 but she never met me。And I was out that summer and I saw her sister at a bar。

 And I remember I roll up。 and I'm like， hey， and my whole ploy was just to get the girl。

 Anna to you know， to meet me to hang off me to mommy again。 like， oh， maybe if I game her sister。

 So I gave her。 And I'm like， yes， my name is Jeremy， And I study psychology bh blah。

 bla her sister's like， all loving it。 And then I text the girl。 I'm like ask your sister。

 who she's with right now。 And then they call and they both realize it's me and they're like。

 oh my God。😊，That didn't help。 I did see actually a year ago。 and we。

 we got together and we're actually more so really good friends now。

 But that that was my first relationship and some of the things I learned from it。

 The second one is Amy。 Okay， and this is a girl I dated in Los Angeles。

 You may have heard of her she was a doctor。 You know。

 was like doctor girl And some of my YouTube videos。😊，And her I met in Los Angeles。 So I moved here。

 broke up with Anna， started assisting with real social dynamics。

 and I met her in Vegas on a boot camp with Owen。 we were running a boot camp in Las Vegas。

 I was helping him out。 And one of our clients opened this group of girls and I went in to wing him。

 And that's when I met her。 and off the bat immediately as well it was that same feeling Once we locked eyes。

 It was kind of like like that and。And I remember I was like， I was like winging the client。

 And at some point， he goes to the bathroom。 And， and I saw him like leaving。 I'm like。

 where is he going。 And I really liked her I'm like， come with me。 And I just grab her。

 And she's like， where are we going。 I'm like， we're following him。

 And then turns out he goes to the bathroom。 And I'm like， oh， wait here。 And she's like。

 why did we follow him to the bathroom。 And I'm like， don't worry about it。

 And then he comes out of the bathroom。 He didn't see us。 He walks back to her group of friends。

 And then I follow him back to the friends。 So anyway， because it his boot campamp。

 I I got her number and she lived in L A。 So we had made plans to meet the next week。😊。

And the next week， I hit her up。 And I'm like， you know what， I'm coming over to your place。

 Let's watch a movie。 I'll pick the movie。 It was kind of like an inside joke。

 And I wanted to pick like some。Some like movie that's kind of romantic， good， unique。

 but that's not too interesting and that's a key if you ever watch a movie with a girl on a date and you want to hook up with that girl。

 make sure the movie's not the most awesome movie ever。

 or she's gonna to be like too captivated by what's happening。So I with my buddy。

 He was staying in L A with me at the time。 He's like， may take this movie with you。 And it was。

Shiit， I forgot that。I forgott the damn。Title of the movie。 I， I'll look it up。

 and I'll just put a little text pop up here。 But it was like this medieval movie。

 And it just turned out to be so weird。 Like， I think it was even in French with subtitles。

 So we were both just sitting there And she was like， what the fuck is this。

 But things escalated and。I started dating her， you know， And again。

 this is when I first moved to LA A。 I was extremely nihilistic。 I would drink a lot at the time。

Just really like live fast， die young， just pimping， just seeing how far I could push things。

And with her， you know， I was like， you know what， I'm going all out。

 And I wonder how far I could push things too in terms of that drama。 You know。

 I had the taste with the previous girl。 I'm like， I wonder how far I can actually push it with this girl。

 So it was very experimental in that sense there and。

I really went all out like this is me at my most， you know， dickish。Self ever， if you will。 And。

 and she loved it。 You know， she really responded to it。 Like， I was just such an asshole。 You know。

 I'd go out， I'd pick up all these other girls。 I'd cheated on her constantly。 I would， she。

 she would find out as well。 Like I'd fuck a girl， call her and she'd come pick me up at the girl's place。

 she， if I was hungry， I'm like， I need food， she'd like， come pick me up at one point。

 I was like driving this old shitty car ahead because I was broke at the time and it broke down。

And it was like around midnight， so I call her up and like a car broke down， she drives out。

 she uses her AAA on my car because I don't even have AAA， the to cha comes， picks up the car。

 drives it to a garage， which is the garage I would take it to which is the ghetto here in Los Angeles because it was cheaper。

So drops the car off there， she follows me， then I get in her car。

 She drives me to where I was staying， which was like another 30 minutes away。

 so I can get my stuff for work the next day because I was going go crash at her place。I get there。

 She's like， oh， can I， can I use her bathroom I'm like， no， run inside， pack up。

 talk to my roommate。 I think I even like eat a sandwich， which for something like just full asshole。

 And then she drives me back to her place， wakeakes up an extra hour early the next day to drive me to my work before going to her job。

 So I was just like obnoxious like that。But she really spun to it。 Like， she loved it。 I。

 I saw her a few weeks ago， and we cut of it over it。 And I was just like holy shit。

 Like I was such a dick。 We're， we're still， again， really good friends now still in touch。

 But but that was like really bad。😊，So。That was， that was that relationship there。

 I managed the expectations a lot better。 However， like she knew I was a dick。

 She knew I was cheating。 It wasn't like some surprise。 However。

 I would manage them more so by linking like， say I would get caught cheating or so I cheat it or she you'd find out I would link that into the drama。

 if you will。 or it's like， hey， I told you I was a dick。 You know this about me。 You know。

 I don't give a fuck。 I warned you to stay away from me， like shit like that， where， yeah。

 I was managed， but kind of after the fact and and a not very stable or healthy， you know。

 type of way。嗯。Another thing too this relationship is it was very game mode。

 whereas I was just like always like like like gaming her。 was， there was always drama。

 always me spiking shit。 just really see how far I can go and experimenting around。

 It was very exhausting。 And it's not something you want in your relationship， You know， guys。

 I was like， well， how do you game your girlfriend， You should not want to do that。

 But is a learning experience。 This was awesome。😊，And， I mean， there was just like tons of drama。

 This was like the most hectic relationship ever。 There were times we were just very lovely W2。

 You know， you need the， the contrast。 but that was this relationship。 I also had trouble。

Opening up with her fully。 like， I would spend the night。

 but I would always leave like the next morning。 Like soon as I wake up， I just bounceunce out。 I。

 I saw， you know， trouble。Putting myself out there in the more long term。And at the end。

 this one ended where I just， you know， I flew too close to the sun。 I pushed a little too far。

 and in the end， it was just me。It was in December。 I was going fly with Owen to New York。

I think Chicago， New York， something like that， and do a bunch of programs， I think it was Phoenix。

 Chicago， New York。And。And my plan was， you know what， I'm going to quit my job。

I'm gonna move out of my place。 I'm gonna move everything in with her。

 And I'm just gonna live in her place。 have her pay for my food， pay for my rent。

 And I'm just gonna to go and game all the time。 That was my plan。 And she was so caught in the。

 like we were so caught up in in our little like dysfunctional。

 high and emotional drama reality that she was like， okay， and I moved everything in。 I quit my job。

 moved everything in。And instead of staying there and kind of consolidating it all， I just bounced。

 I bounced a travel with O and fuck all these other girls。And I was gone for like three weeks or so。

And it kind of gave her time to realize， like oh shit， like what am I doing。

 realizing this wasn't healthy at all and not a good move。 And when I came back， she's like，  hey。

 we should probably end it。And that actually really fucked me up where I was like， I got back。

 I was like homeless， jobless， broke。 So， and that's then when I went to live with Owen for bitd。

 when I lived it， if you heard some of my stories on YouTube in， in the。

In my friend's place with all these these cockroaches where I'd pull girls to that。

 that was that period there。 But this is why I learned from her。The third one is Jessica。

 And this is the Swiss girl I talk about a lot of my YouTube videos， too。 Okay。

 so I met this girl during the summer。During that summer， actually， when I went back。

And picked up that other girl's sister。 so again， this is all kind of happening simultaneously。

 It's like when I went back that summer， I was still with the doctor girl trying to get back with the other with Anna。

 And yet I slept with Jessica like a few days before flying back to L A while I was on the garbage truck thing。

 So I pick her up。 and it was in Zurich。 And then I have her come all the way out to where I live。

 And this is like a two hour and a half train ride， pull her back to my place fuckcker。

 And we kept in touch after that。For a year， like I hadn't seen it for a year。

 and we kept in touch like oh for text， Facebook， just here and there。

 And I also kind of realized like。That drama works as well， not just in person， but over text。

 you know， And a year later， she flew to L A， just totally random flew to L A with a couple of her friends。

And。I think she might have mentioned it。We kind of did lose a little bit of， you know。

 touch after that。 And it was so weird like。I think she mentioned it， but I forgot。

 And I remember I was walking down the street and I crossed her。 She didn't see me。 I was like。

 was that her？ And then I text her and turns out it was her。So I meet up with her there。

 invite her back to my place， and she has a boyfriend at the time。 A guy whose also name is Julian。

 And he's in Switzerland。 And again， I just like fully。😊，Play the whole drama thing。

 And I get her to cheat on her boyfriend。 You know。

 it's like I frame it where she's cheating on him for him， you know， to save their relationship。

 We never had closure。 We met a few days before I left back to Los Angeles。

 She needs to do this so she can go back so she can fully get over me。 And， of course， you know。

 that just makes things stronger between us。 So we sleep together。 We get along great。

 Like this girl's perfect so hot。And。She goes back to Switzerland and breaks off with her boyfriend for me。

 And she decides she's going to fly out here for a month and live with me in Los Angeles。

 And I was like， awesome， and she does。 And she flies out。 It was on Christmas Day， I believe。

 and stays for a month。😊，And that was the first time a girl ever lived with me。

 So with her living with me， this really forced me to。Fully open up。 You know， in the past。

 I would like， again， occasionally spend the nights or a little bit more of a bounce the next day Here was like we were fully living together。

 So you couldn't put on a front。 You couldn't really hide like you had， had had to fucking open up。嗯。

So， so that was awesome and it was the first one where I was like shit。

 like putting my real self out there， getting letting her actually know who I am。I was recording。

 however， okay is。One of the things that kind of slowly made the relationship end at the time I was recording the hot seat too。

 So for the whole month， most of those nights， I was going out and recording infield footage of me picking up other girls。

 And with her， I didn't really frame it the right way， I'm like， oh。

 I'm just going out and recording。 but I didn't tell her about all the makeouts and stuff like that。

 And when she found out that definitely you know created a little bit of resentment in the relationship。

 And that's the thing that kills relationships。 It's like she forgave me for it。

 And we were back together。 but there's still like once that resentment sinks in。

It's very hard to get rid of it， you know， you're like it's like that person like the person she thought I was just died and I'm now a new person and she kind of takes me back and accepts it and we're back together with hopes of getting back to how we were。

 but with time， you know， both parties realized there is no getting back to that。

So there was a little bit resentment there。But。You know， we kept we still we were together。

 we still were very serious。 She flew back to Switzerland and I went there on a Euro tour。

 invited her out to Switzerland when I stopped see my family。

 this is the first girl I ever introduced to my family like introduced her my parents。

 I went to Switzerland and met her parents， she met my brother， my sister。

 I met her brother we were very， very serious。 and unfortunately， though with all the travel。

 there was a conflict where I was gone all the time。And。At some point， I decided， like。

 you know what， I'm just like， this is probably not going go anywhere。

 And I wanted to release the whole drama。In a video， and I used her as one of the main examples。

 and she saw that video and that like spiked things up massively。 I flipped it around， of course。

 however， that added more resentment。And you know， a few months after that。

 just with the constant travel me being gone， different life goals， the resentment sinking in。

 we just both agreed that we should probably end it， but it was very mutual。

 we're still friends this day， she's actually married now with a daughter。

But that was a relationship where I just。I don't know。 for me was the， the big one is just like。

A good reinforcement again， of managing fucking expectations。Of， you know， realizing that。

A serious relationship is awesome， you know， when you're able to fully put yourself out there when it's not putting an a front。

 when it's not just game， game， game all the time。And， you know。

 that was something I wanted in in my next relationship。 And that's Sarah。

 And this is the girl I'm still with here today。 We're in a two year plus relationship。

 And when I met her。It was， she was like the perfect。Like archetype of women I was wanted。 You know。

 it's like I was wanted a girl， at least to date is my girlfriend， whos very。Very nice。

 very innocent， very。Pure， let's just say， and still believes in like the goodness of people and the goodness of the world。

 you know， something that someone who's not corrupted， let's just say。Traveled in in my line of work。

 You see so much behind the scenes。 So， so much of like just the。

The bad side of like human tendencies， I's just say。

 And I was somebody who wasn't really exposed to that。 And I met this girl， and she was just perfect。

 like the sweetest， nicest girl you'll ever meet in your life。

 Like I've ever met over the over eight years of going out and meeting like you know thousands upon hundreds of thousands。

 whatever so many fucking women， she was the closest to that ideal。

And same thing when I met I was like， you know， I get that look。 And with her。

 I was just very upfront about everything。 You know， I learned， like the big one is like。

 you know what， with this one， I want full management of expectations。 I'm just gonna lay it all out。

 You know， I don't want to have to deal with drama。 I didn't want that much drama in this one either。

 even though it keeps him on the hook。 and you。You know there's always going to be a little bit of drama for a relationship to be healthy。

 but I didn't want to use that is like the baseline。 I wanted something very clean and。And this。

 this is long term。 If you want like fuck buddies， if you want like tens to just get hooked fast。

 use the drama。 But， but on her， I didn't want to。So I was very upfront of my。

 this is what I do this， my job。 However， I made it very relatable。 Okay。

 as we talked about in managing relationships。 I'm like， you know what I do this。

 but realize that my online persona， you're gonna see these videos， these tweets， etca。

 It's not really me， it's like if you take Emine N in his songs， that's not necessarily really him。

 if you take Marilyn Manson on stage。 you know， with all the makeup and stuff。 it's a public persona。

 it's business。 Okay I'm a businessman。I realized， too， that I'm gonna have to。

Record in field footage。 And you're gonna to see videos in the future of me making out with other girls。

 And that is part of my line of work。 realized， however， that I don't want to。

 They don't mean anything。 I like you and。View it more so like if I'm an actor in a movie， you know。

 if I have a kissing scene in a movie， I it cheating yes or no， you know。

 so I'm like just planninging all these seeds from the start， just explaining it all， you know。

 one week after meeting her， I take her out on a boot camp。

 So she actually sees like what I actually do where she sees like the marketing side is like how to fuck bitches。

 But then once you're there and you see you see the progress the guys are making。

 you see it's about changing lives。 she's like oh shit like。You know， this is actually awesome。

 so she loved it。And she loved the fact too， that it was just very open。

 It's like girls will never be pissed。As long as you're just upfront about everything and you make it relatable。

 if you are not upfront and then they find out something。 it's， you know， it's not what it seemed。

 then they get very， very pissed。So I was again， straight up。

 I learned all those lessons from the previous goals I was dating。I fully opened up to her as well。

 Like， she knows everything about me。 like literally everything。 And with her。

 what I really wanted is like that the relationship to， to really be like my sanctuary， you know。

 you should never be thinking， like， how do I game my girlfriend， You should never be thinking。

 how do I keep her attracted， or or it'll just turn into such a paranoid。Relationship， you know。

 like， that's how I really， if you it with like， say that doctor goes like I was at a game where。

 I was like， oh like like it was， it was not very relaxing， you know。😊，So， so with her it was just。

 it was very like， again， I'm just fullying myself around her。 Like， I don't have to think。

 was she attracted。 Do I have to do this。 It' just like， me being me， there's no front。

 And how do I keep her attracted by sharing my goals with her and her see me pursue my goals。

 You know， it's like me being on my path and purpose in life。

 And you can read more about this in David Davis book as we discussed before。

 the way of the superior man。And bringing her along in those pursuits of those goals， you know。

 it's like I don't have to hide them。 I don't have to be like， oh， yes。

 I'm nice and like picking up other girls。 I share it all with her。 she knows。

 And by seeing that drive。 she loves it， you know， I brought her into my whole world of personal development as well。

 shared that part of my life with her fully。 she loves it。

 you know she started working like it translates on her。

 It's like it has a positive influence on her life。

 she starts working on her life as well on herself as well。嗯。And， and yeah， I mean， that's。

 that's where our relationship is now。 You know， it's like we've， she met my family。

 I' met her family。 She stuck through the whole media scandal with me。I again。

 I still framed it where it's okay for me to see other girls again。

 rewatch managing relationships to know how to frame it that way。 But we just have a very。

 very healthy relationship。 you know， And it took a while for me to reach that。

 but it was through all these lessons here。 So I mean， take those lessons。

 another thing too I just mention is， again， one certain relationship。

 just reinforcing on that drive。 A lot of guys get into relationship。

 And then they they just resort back to you know， like comfort in their old selves。 with her， again。

 the thing that's keeping her attracted is like the fact that I'm not going back to my old self。

 and then I'm I keep moving fucking forward。 She sees that potential of more value that's constantly alive。

 So you still have to apply that。 you still have to be on top of your shit。

 like those principles of game and moving forward。 even if you're in a relationship。

 you're in this till the day you fucking die。You know， if you lose it， you'll lose the girl。

's like if you don't have a drive， you'll lose the girl。

 if you don't have a drive and you try to put as a band-aid over that。

 trying to game your girlfriend， you'll lose her as well。 I mean。

 this is really the only fucking way to make it last Okay so I hope this was insightful。 Okay again。

 take this information。 apply it to your life。 apply it to your relationships。

 This was kind of my progression through it all。 And again， I'm still very much so in the beginning。

 I'll learn a lot more as the years move on。 but I hope this helps you as well。

