# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：9.实战_Infields：内野2-在洛杉矶热火俱乐部的夜场比赛_Infield 2 - NightGame At Hot L.A. Club【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So in this video here， you're gonna see me open a girl in the middle of the dance floor。 Okay。

 and this is one of those dance floors where it's just really hectic。 everyone's like just dancing。

 you know， bunched up together。 you can't really walk the musics like so how do you can't even hear yourself talk。

 There's like lights flashing everywhere。 and it's really one of those environments where if you look at it。

 you're like holy shit， know like how do I interact with a woman in this environment here。

 is it even possible to hold a conversation。 know， she's dancing， can I just interrupt her dancing。

 do I need to learn how to dance， like all these little questions pop in And you can learn， you know。

 and go up dancing， if you want to， but it's not a requirements I personally don't dance that much。

 if I see a girl， even if she's on the dance floor。

 I'm just gonna walk up and talk to her as per normal。 if she was just at a bar just know just quiet。

 peaceful environments， I'm gonna go up like， hey， I'm Julian nice to be you。

 you can do that on the dance floor however， here's the dance floor rule。😊。

You need to go in with the same intensity or a little bit more intense。 Okay， it's not the energy。

 You don't have to go in like matching or energy。 And this is a mistake a lot of guys make where you see a girl say she's dancing with her friends。

 And she's like， really into it like high energy。 They're like， fuck。

 I need to go in with the same amount of energy。 And you're like， hey， and you don't have to。 Okay。

 it's about the intensity。 Now， what does that mean， Okay， let's just look at。Low energy。

 low intensity。 Okay， and this one here is the worst。 That's going up and being like。Hey， what's up。

How's it going。Okay，And if you do that to a girl in the dance where you're done。 Okay。

 and it's not even you。 it's just like， she can't even。 she's like， what the fuck is this。 Okay。

 she most likely won't hear you。 And it's just a massive downer。 So don't do that。 You can， however。

 do low energy， high intensity， And what does that look like， Okay， Instead of being like， hey。

 what's up， Hey， what's up。It's low energy。 I'm not， hey it's up。 It's， hey。Nice to meet you。

 I wanted to say hi。It's very grounded。 It's very solid。 There's a nice， strong， intensity。

Okay so that would work a girl's dancing， she's like， yeah， like really into it， a。Nice to meet you。

Bei。Okay， now let's look at high energy low intensity。 Okay， and that's really bad。 That's like， hey。

 what's up， how's it going。That's bad。 And high energy， high intensity。

 And this is what you would want to do。 is， hey， how's it going。 Oh， cool， good to meet you。

 There's that fucking intensity there。 That's what captivates the girl。 Okay。

 so you'll see me go into this girl。 And I'm like， you going fucking strong。 I'm not dancing。

 Im like you and she'll get sucked into that as you're about to see。

 and you'll see me talk to this girl for a bit。 And then after a while。

 and this is another rule with the dance floor is the girls will stop and talk to you。

 but no one is gonna want to spend like， you know，20，30 minutes or an hour。

 having a conversation in this hectic fucking environment。 Okay。

 so she'll stop maybe two3 minutes Max。 sometimes 5， okay。

 but that's like the average length of a conversation or interaction， if you will。

 in this type of environment here。So you have to talk to her。 And once， you know。

 you you basically hook her。 She's like， oh my God， who's this guy。

 Youve got to lead her off the dance floor。 Okay， You got to get her the fuck out of there。

 It's like， you talk， okay， what's up， Hey， come over here。

 And you move her somewhere where you can actually get to work。 Okay， And if she says， no。

 talk a little bit more， Try again or get her phone number。

 but don't expect to have longest interactions in this type of environment。 Okay， so on that note。

 let's crack into it。 Okay， noticeicing it the intensity。

 it's not about the fucking energy and also notice how I just really bring her in without dancing。

Yeah。🎼Use。sort okay。The the fuck。we other the bathroom。那。🎼拿专业资士只有也来输也。🎼你系。You look kind very puff。

You look very rough， I appreciate that。然后了呀。I of my house。Maybe be a one you would never say。🎼说利对对是。

Where are you from Texas？Oh my god， Dallas are Houston or。I' never see there。

I've been there twice some， but so。🎼一和雪良。🎼Why I Chris。🎼I you can say that。🎼I do don film。

Don't even apply for me。Come outside， come now two minutes don't fucking embarrass me。

🎼okay so up until now， okay， basically I just go in。 you I'm saying a lot of bullshit。 like。

 have to go shower my owl or Kaie， like Katie Perry just me fucking around But one thing to notice is the proximity Okay in this interaction。

 when you're in a loud hectic environment like this you have to get in close。

 the closer you are to the girl。 the stronger she experiences you if you will。

 Okay and in a dance for the further you are apart。 there's so much fucking shit going on。

 there's all these distractions。 It's just very hard for to you know， get a feel for who you are。

 So on to dance floor Okay， get in fucking close。 It's also loud so she can actually hear what you say and don't get all paranoid like is it leaning in It's like you don't have to do like this pecker lean in but just walk close to her talk and then walk back Okay it's like in out in out pressure on pressure off as we discussed don't just stay in there like。

Talking in her ear the entire time。 Now， I do this for a little bit。 And then right after a while。

 What do I say， Hey， come， let's go， Don't embarrass me。

 And I'm leading her somewhere where I can continue this interaction where it's not all loud and hectic。

 And I do this pretty fast。 You know， guys always are looking like， oh。

 when's the perfect opportunity， Does she really like me。 How can I logically tell her to。

 to go to this other area。 What' what am I gonna say， Just on a high note， Fun， fun， fun。 Hey。

 let's go， don't embarrass me。 And then I start walking。 And then you hear me also say like， oh。

 like that。 And this is just like a little habit I've developed because every time you take her girl's hand。

 you start walking。 She immediately does this。😊，Like scans the environment to see who's watching to see if she's being judged。

 so I'm like， hey， O， get her attention back on me and lead her to the outside area。🎼She。🎼。🎼。🎼Yeah。

So embarrassing， I have the sword。🎼I like it。That's what she said。I'm getting better at the data。

 as she said。🎼呀。Anyways。I actually like hearing on that back。ま題かの。经常在外边。这康后面。Thank you。H。

 dear brother theor now。child。But I still my so throat。25。好告。加粉啊。like。There we go。I don't judge。Re。

Now everybody twilight。I think it's like us。Wait， not the。Thank you my。

She saw I never been a girl or kissed a girl before。The headband nicely more attain。

I story about I actually am new to this。I price saw my sister growing up。

I have a lived experience and that's it。That's right usually I'll make all cards to be the first。

I'm like， okay， this is the American way are you ready？Okay。

 so here I'm about to crack into this little playful story about mocking， you know。

 like the stereotype of guys going up to talk to girls。 He's like， hey， what's up。

 So I'm about to launch in。😊，And then if you look， there's like Owen's head。

 like Owen just swoops in behind her and picks her up。 Okay。

 and this was something we used to do a lot back in the day where we'd fuck around with each other and like。

 just， you know， playfully steal each other's girls just for fun。

 Okay like this beginning of the night here。 It's just like we're just all fucking around and he swoops in。

😊，は。Yeah。No no no， this to my friend is this sping， slapping， It's my friend slapping。Sap him。

 he's my friend。 He's gay。 to meet you。 So like S him， S him。 He's gay。 He's gay。 He's the dog。

 Look at his beard。😊，Okay， come out， ignore it， ignore hes gay， actually fucked him。I do't know。

 I do't know know。A， focus focus。Hey。So fuck up。I'm doing my impression。Wait。

 I'll give a American kiss I' from Europe originally。Every American just like shit。Okay。

 so here it's me again， like just really spiking it， fucking around。 Okay。

 I say a few obnoxious things。 and you don't have to say that。 Okay。

 and this is key if you wouldn't watching this video。

 like you see this girl like know she's having the time of her fucking life。

 She's like giggling like crazy Like No one's gonna make this girl laugh this much。 she's like。

 like screaming， she's having the best experience like oh my God， ever。

 And the reason being is that I'm that engaged as well。 and for me to keep myself engaged。

 my humors pretty out there。 probably know， so I do say some obnoxious things just because I find that funny and it keeps it captivating。

 but you don't have to you need to ask yourself， what can you say or do you personally find captivating。

 some guys just like， hey， what's up， How's it going， And that's like engaging enough。

 They're like hey， what's up， how's it going I'll spike it a little bit。 So I do this。

 And then I go in for the kiss。 and you'll develop it feel， just like pretty much when you can。😊，it。

 So it's like， she's all laughing and I'm like， kiss。 Now， if I see her tents up where be like。

 I'm not gonna do it。 But here， she's like， goes in and right before。 And I love doing this。

 It just like， you take a pause and it shows you're not like needing this little kiss。 She leans in。

 and I'm like。😊，Actually， don't give a shitty American kiss。 So it's like this push。 And she's like。

 oh my God。 what pull back And in her mind， she's saying。

 what the fuck like who's this guy just doesn't jump in for the kiss。 And here I take a little break。

 And that it going for the kiss after。Ger real case。🎼I was shit。I hate you，Okay， focus。Hey。查到ビ。

Or why are you inside me I know？Thats。Yeah。It's just a dream， nothing happened here。

 especially my fake bo。All pathetic groups dead in me， kill yourself。

 pluck out here my girlfriend has better boost than you that's okay I' have kids。Okay， imagine okay。

 I'll continue my ski， up' from America， American。And I'm walking down the street and I see you I'm like。

 oh my God， hi， my name is Johnny， He， my names Bill， my name's Bill。Hey， girl， what's your name？

What to where are you from， where do you live， Can I buy your rose and take out to dinner？

And it's like this it's like。哦。It's like the hovering hand of doom， like， yeah， she's with me。

 something like this。I see me。That was the words that， oh my God， never laugh， never fight your life。

Do it again， do it again， like an old man dying in a microphone， do it， do it， do it， do it。

You lost all， okay， this is my attraction for you， died right now。

You just don' how a fucking does dead beat or white trash for。A dead B Y trash， that's all you are。

So again， just to stress this。 you don't have to say things this obnoxious。 Okay。

 this is me really just gaming myself fucking around and in her mind， too。 She's really like。

 who are the fuck， this guy， Okay， especially to that little skit about mocking the stereotypical way guys go about approaching women like。

 hey， what's up， I'm Bill， It just really shows the contraster of mind。 like。

 that is almost most guys do it。 Oh my God， who are the fuck this guy， you know。

 going up and like same these obnoxious things and just making me laugh。 like who the fuck is this。

So I like you trying out like a up in。Lizard。就是。Okay。I love you even with the lizards here。Myや。

I know。I'm an natural one。Hey。Stop fucking putting your little teeth out like a dog。

 think I'm a dog girl treating like a dog shit。Fcus， no， hey。No that's shit。You can know who I am。

New begged to lick the shit off my deck。Now this year， okay， is。My buddy， Derek， has this story。

When he talks about basically， if you have value， girls will do anything for you。 Okay。

 and his analogy is if you if you're a caveman， let's just say and you kill a lion and you bring it back to the tribe。

 Everyone's be like， oh my God， like this is the main guy。 you have value， basically， And he says。

 you know， you could bring the fucking lion back。 You could butt fuck the lion。

 and every girl's going to line up to suck the lion shit off your dick because you have value。Now。

 I heard that story and I was like， this is awesome。 And here I'm just really in the zone flowing。

 And I'm like， you know what， I should tell her the story。 And I'm like。

 you should beg to lick the shit off my dick。 You know。

 And it's kind of like even assuming she knows the story。 she's like， what。

 And I've proceed to explain it to her。 No like。😊，Pucking raped a lion。

Okay first this is my analogy it's basically like my view of it is like he。

 imagine you're back in time it's like havenveman， okay， and you never saw a line before。😊。

And some lion of types to tribe， the tribe， and everyone's like trying and dying。

And yet a here am I and I run out I fucking tackle that lion and we've never seen a lion before it's like a scary cat so it's like fucking tackle him and just like fucking rip his neck off and once he's dead I fucking claw fuck him。

Okay。I choke fucking。Okay， now even though I fuck him。Every girl on the tribe is like， oh my God。

 that guy is the alpha guy， even though I'm fucking shit on my deckck and they will suck it off one at a time。

Deign that guy Oh my god so this is me in Hollywood no I don't have to show my day。I think。

Im championing。All right。So way， do you live here？I just switch out over。 So anyway。

 do you live here， Okay， this is pretty key to。 Don't be all paranoid about the logical progression of an interaction。

 Okay， just be all over the place。 be 80 be like， oh， yes， the lion， Oh， where do you live， Oh。

 what about this， just like everywhere。 That's what makes it interesting。

 It's like bursts of different topics， bursts of different emotions of different environments。

 You know， moving her around and the more random， the better。 you know。

 that's you could actually just spike up an interaction。 It's like wets's too boring。

 Just ask a question that's like out of left field。 like， oh yeah， So anyway。

 what do you eat for breakfast， Just out of the boot and goes and be like， know。

 So you can fuck around at that。😊，So， I live。具大て。Wait， why did you move here？I my god。开ing。

Have a copy of me。Bang， and what do I do here。 there's basically a shift in the interaction。 Okay。

 and this is very important。 So this girl here， it's in the beginning of the night。 Okay。

 that's still too early， she's not ready right now to have like this long interaction or say leave the venue with me。

 and making something happen。 She still wants to dance some more。

 And this comes down to social intuition。 What is the girl's goal right now。

 she went out to a fucking club。 She's at a table on the dancer。 she's with all fucking friends。

 she wants to dance。 She wants to have fun， she wants to experience the night。 And at the end。

 see someone to you know， go home with or not。 know， just it really depends。

 So here I brought her outside。 and she'll talk to me here for a bit。

 But after a watch she's gonna go back to a table。 And I know that。

 So in the first part of the interaction， if you will。 I'm in a fuck around。

 like up until now to me just really fucking around。 There's no seriousness。 It's you know。

 like spiking emotions， picking her up， making her laugh。

 making out saying some obnoxious things just really。Connecting with the girl。 like here。

 it's clear that we both like each other。 It's clear that we have chemistry。 It's clear that it's on。

Now， from there， logically， you have to think， okay， it's on。I don't want to just keep doing this。

 You know， nothing will really happen。 How can I move this forward towards making it happen， Okay。

 and because it's early， she's， you know， most likely not going to leave the fucking club with me。

 I opt for the number。 Okay， and you'll see again， a shift in the vibe here。

 where I actually sew it down a bit。 I'm like anyway， Where do you live， Oh， cool。

 What do you do already？ You know what， Have coffee with me。 It's like， look， we got along。

 Let's have coffee and I kind of ground myself to being a real person who she can see herself。

 you know， going for coffee with。 instead of just this fun， fucking around emotion in the club。

 And this is， you know why a lot of guys actually have flakes。 They go out there like fun。

 fun fun in the girl loves it。😊，But here， you know， if I text her and I don't do anything else。

 I just get her number now。She's she doesn't have， you know， I'm more of just this funny emotion。

 I'm not an actual human being or person， if you will。Next year Russell， Chas。干么啊？Are you great。

 what are you just saying that？from like。I many cats to this。But no seriously。I don't。

They're just illustrating my point so you did able nine another pair of shoes。That'm curious。

 okay if you don't want to just say no， but that would actually be cool to you。

 I think we're too similar to we're just like。喂，我是在。Scor out。🎼I don't believe in science。

 but Heos Scpios are like very shy， innocent， nice and romantic。Li at be， you're like， oh by way。

 I' afraid the cat and shut this fuck out because I'm totally going to make out through now。I try to。

 but you don't kiss very well。There no kiding， we do。

You're the most amazing kids that I ever kissing Oh that you make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world。

I was born this way。Ohあ。やれ？We got guy this I'm amazing。Wait， look her around。

I want to be the guy in the corner。パて白。What you marry？All right， well I'll be in Vegas in two weeks。

 we me there。I'm in New York， Chicago and then New York。Hello， Chicago， my family in Chicago。稍菜。

Come what come two weeks Chicago I can't Im she convinced you to。 What do you do for work。

What can mention， maybe anyone。I I'm a motivational speaker as well so I'm there。So， so it turns out。

 again， this girl is a porn star。 She's like， oh got the A V N awards。

 And she actually even mentioned it earlier in the interaction。 She's like， I do adult films。

 but it still didn't register in my mind。 And she's like， you know， like A V N adult， you know。

 And I'm like， oh， I'm a public speaker。 or I'm a motivational speaker as well。

 So that's why I'm there。 Okay， doesn't even make sense。 But it doesn't matter。 Okay， remember。

 girls are way more focused on the emotions than the superficial verbal layer。😊，But anyways。

 are you serious about coffee in art？What's my name。Now， this is pretty key， too。

 Notice how I keep asking you， Are you serious about coffee， Are you sure， or you just saying that。

 What's my name， Okay， I really want her to commit and invest to hanging out with me。

 So I want to say multiple times。 Yes， I'm serious。 Yes， for're doing coffee。 Julian。

 Your name is Julian。 Okay， so she remembers when I text her。First said it was car。

Gue my name is Kate， I remember your numbers if it's faith。I don't drink song remember。I don't drink。

被影。I suggest coffee， I don't want to see you。And here， O。

 you can also see like the qualification side。 The girl's like， you don't even want it。 You know。

 she wants to make sure， like， hey， do you really want to hang out with me as well， you know。

 or you just discourage is like fun。 So it's like， you don't even want it。 And I'm like， listen， no。

 I'm the one who suggested to hang out。 I like you。 I want to see you。 Okay。

 she has know you want to。 And she has to feel special about it。😊，81，7，93。第二。在毛这位。Well。

 that' text you my name right now。Yeah。I know 817，501。A little fake news by。看到。

They move I always want pretty last， I， no no。🎼Up like guess， I was want this。はは。Yeah。Oh。Yeah。

 oh my god。Okay， I think。That's okay， I think I've deleted one wait，817，901。

You added three I don't know where that came from And your name was。

 I remember faces on soccer things Kaie。KATT。IE。That's do awesome。Oh， my god。

I'll take some away right now now I'm actually seriously if you can tomorrow。Either a coffee or。

I have plan smart night， but early evening race isn't like。What area do you live in？Near。

I have friends with。I stayed the friend Mon。When I first moved here， I was homeless。Like two weeks。

Very that。But。No， actually I live now N of Brazil， but I come to。We also know 지goです。Call me say， say。

 I will call you say call me。 It And I go really all out。 I mean， like， say， call me。 She's like。

 call me。 what's my name， Julian， are you sure you want to， Yes。

 we're meeting at Chigo's next to Roosevelt。 is like， I just， again。

 the whole second half the interactions me just repeating the shit。😊。

Just over and over and over again， it's like， we are hanging out， I'm a human being。

 I'm not just this funny emotion， okay， you have to make it clear。Tommy。Convincingly， tell me。

 I love you。Do you not say that to me？Do I already text you got my number wait swear don't fucking drink too much because you're going to be hung over and puffed up tomorrow。

I'm not mom you make my friend really mad because like stop it， I'm an asshole。Okay， no seriously。

Kty。How do you say Kady， kddy？可你。Oh my god， you did seriously I how you say Kate。That。killed。

girlfriend。So friends。It's better to you a little bag of like， oh， this this for？

WeProres each other all night。Oh my god， that feels so good， Hatie， Dannyny。Oh， wow。Da。

I feel like every' a Miro。I'm surprised you saw him maybe。I love that mean I quarate you。Yeah。

 actually I cry， but in a very manly way during quickly。はい。はい可い。To laugh， oh my good。

The laugh of doom。The last。Do the in。Oh my guys， oh my god。Like a dog， like a dog dog， wait？来 이0。

You sound like。大拜。I telling point， no， you sound like God。Jacking off。I don't know。Oh。

 you cut as you cup， you smoke because that coffee。And then I'm like。都讲。你个漂亮。

So her friend comes in right now Ca huge dude。 Maybe her pimp or manager who the fuck knows。 Now。

 what happens here is most guys would see this。 And they're like， oh my God， you know。

 a guy's coming in， seasons my girl， You know， they call like amo， it's like amo get。 you know。

 it's like get rid of him and they'll be all like reactive。 Like， they'll jump in like， oh。

 excuse me。 hi， okay， and the key is whenever you deal with a guy who knows the girl who who doesn't。

 always just remain grounded。 Okay， don't be all reactive in an offensive way and don't be all reactive in a defensive way。

 It's just like super chill， all at ease。 Okay， now， obviously here。She knows the guy。 Okay。

 if she doesn't， you know， I'd usually just probably just stand still for like a couple seconds and then be like。

 come and lead her somewhere else。 But here she knows him。 And whenever girl knows the guy。

 you can't just dis him or just， you know， like， obviously in front of him， be like。

 fuck you and like， go at it， go at it or yank her away。 either just ignore him。

 stay out of his way a bit or try to befriend him。 So here I'm just like， you know what。

 see how it goes。 And you'll just see me kind of just stand there， just casually all good。

🎼I think it like see。Sa tune can examine your gay friends and shopping。

So I tell her like he obviously wants her back and I tell her like， oh。

 just tell him I'm your your friend who takes you shopping。 just home two minutes。 Okay。

 that'll sometimes buy you time。 And actually， this is key。

 If you're talking to a girl and her guy friends come in and they don't like you And they're like。

 you gotta go。 Always just say this。 No， no， can I just say goodbye two minutes。

 And most of the time they'll let you like， well， he is saying goodbye。

 He's leaving But then you have two minutes， then you can subtly just get the number。

 here already have it。 But know， I'd rather stuff two more minutes just to really consolidate some more。

O来走。Untilill tomorrow， yes， girlfriend， wife。E slim， that's like Swedish darling。 Yes city is。

 I love you in Swedish。What isWhat is he saying。I actually do。 I think you're cool。Like okay。

 I'm trying to stamp I like to LA Jordan like the。I don't blame me。I don't know what that means。

 but okay。他美飞。So literally till the end。 Call me， say it。 Okay， like I really hammer it。 And， and。

 you know， that's， that's pretty much like a first part of the night interaction。 Okay。

 it's like you go out， you fuck around。 and this is how I do it It's like I fuck around the first half of the interaction。

 Make sure we get along。 Okay， and then make this the switch it's like， hey。

 whenever you hanging out。 How can we make this happen。 Where do you live。 What are you doing， Co。

 Let's get， you know， give me your number。 Do you remember my name， say call me， say call me。

 I'll still mix in some fun as you saw。 It's like， call me。 I love you， Call me。

 you're like me and girls， Call me， do， It's like， mix and really hammer it in and then。😊，That's it。

 Okay， And this girl now is going to remember me。 I'm not gonna be like some random fun dude in the club。

 It's like， I'm actually human。 She said many times， yes， I want to hang out。

 It wasn't just me saying also like， hang out with me。 I'm like。

 you don't have to if you don't want to。 Can I create that opportunity for her to invest。

 And G times。😊。