# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：2.你想什么就什么_2. You Are What You Think：8保持积极性_08. Staying Motivated【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

In order to achieve a certain level of success， you need to find a certain level of motivation。

 as you probably already know by now， This shit is tough。 this is the hardest thing。

 you're ever going to do in your entire life。 And you need to have a burning desire to do this。

 to get through all the bullshits to reach your full potential。 You can't just want this。

 you can't just want this for yourself like， oh， I guess I'll do it。 You need to need this。 Okay。

 you should feel compelled to doing this first just desiring it。 stop dabbling around。

 Most people have no idea。 You know what it means or what it even feels like to commit to something and just go all out。

 know， they just dabble around And this maybe you watching this video now where if you look back at your life。

 You probably tried， you， taking on some new skills here and there。

 you might have tried playing sports， tried playing an instrument。

 and you probably just tried for a little bit just dabbled in it and then very quickly gave up。

 this year， you can't dabble around in it。You really need to go all out。

 It really should be life or death。 you， as extreme as that sounds like life or death。

 you need to take this seriously。 You should feel forced to do it。 There are no alternatives。

 It's this or you die。 It's this or nothing。 if you don't take this seriously。

 or you just view it as something fun know a lot of guys kind of come at this like oh。

 I it would be fun to try it out。 know I'll test it out， see how it goes。

 that's not enough to really become good and as I mentioned before reach your full potential。

 you may go a bit of the way。 like oh something fun。 know， at least you're carefree about it。

 and kind of lighthearted just laughing and taking action。

 but it's not enough to really go through all the trauma， the rejections， the humiliation。

 like the grind that it is okay， just not tolerable。 this shit is tough。 know。

 it's gonna fuck with you on every level。 It's emotionally traumatizing。 know。

 you're changing everything you know， everything that's。A about you。 It's not fun。 Okay。

 And if you're just it for the， it's just something fun， you're fucked。 Okay。

 every time I give a seminar in the beginning， I was asked， you know。

 who here was at my last seminar in this city。 And usually in， in a major city。

 I'll come every six months to give a talk。 And every six months， the crowd grows， you know， by good。

I'd say， you know，40 to 50%。 And every single time。

 there's only 20% of that crowd that was at the previous seminar。 Okay， what does I mean。

80% of those guys were there six months ago。Gave up。 Now， of course， some just have。

 know settled down or they couldn't make it。 But for the most part。

 they just couldn't tolerate the fucking grind。 They couldn't tolerate just putting themselves in that fire over and over and over again。

 if this shit was easy。 if this shit was something fun。 everyone would be doing it。

 everyone would be sticking at it。 It's not。 now， it's hard。

 but it's doable as long as you have that drive。 Okay。

 how motivated you are determines your level of success。

 And you need to find a motivation that's bigger than all the bullshit that blocks you and holds you back。

 Okay， and this here， again， having this fire， this fire burning， this calling this you know。

 compulsion to do this is the most important thing in all of this。 You know。

 I would rather have that as an unfair advantage， like just say， to begin with。

 guys always wish like， oh I wish was， better looking。

 I wish I had like really good social skills to begin with。

 if there was one thing I could wish to really， really have from the start， it would be this。

 I value。This above all else。 You know， that tenacity is really what trumps everything in the long run。

 You know， it's like this is your secret weapon。 Okay。

 just have the stamina to just keep on fucking going and to patiently tolerate the nonstop hard work。

 So the first step to doing this is that you need to buy in。 Okay。

 you need to buy into the fact that this works know。

 game works that you can achieve it and that it's worth doing。Okay，There's a quote that goes。

 if it's important enough， you will find a way。 and if it isn't， you will find an excuse。 Okay。

 this year has to be important， and you need to buy in to it all。

 Okay now that's on me in the way that I present and explain this material to you。

 But it's also on you。 Okay， and I want you right now to surrender to everything that I say all the knowledge I'm sharing with you。

 I want you to just embrace it， Don't resist it， Don't doubt it。

 just fully trust what I'm saying and carry it out to the letter。

 So let's start with buying into the fact that this works。

Nothing I'm teaching you here is rocket science。 You know， there is no woo woo wizardry， you know。

 dark wizardry。 Nothing's really， know mystical。 It's very logical and straightforward。 Okay。

 I doubt that anything that I've explained so far didn't make sense， You know。

's how do you change who you are by putting yourself in different environments that will change you。

 How do you become good， interacting with women by going out and interacting with women。

 How do you become good at socializing by going out and socializing。 And the more you do it。

 the better you become。 That's really it。 Okay， however， there is a smart way of going about it。

 and a dumb way where。Here's gonna be wasting a lot of time。 Okay。

 that's the way most people go about it。 If this is you now。 And this is who you want to become。

 A lot of guys， they take all this information and just kind of free salads。 And in most cases。

 they go the wrong way。 They develop all these bad habits that they then have to unwire。

 So that's one of the dumb ways of going about it。 The other is they start going the right way。

 But then they get stuck in what we call intermediate purgatory where they don't really know how to learn。

 and they may have taken on a few good habits， but they just make the same mistakes over and over and over again。

 Okay， so what I'm teaching you here is the right way。 where if this is you。

 this is who you want to become how to just go straight up versus wasting all this time you know。

 fucking up or spinning your wheels。 And the other thing I'd say。

 in terms of buying in to the fact that this works is go on YouTube。

 go on YouTube and search infield footage。 that's hidden camera footage And you're gonna to see countless examples of people just like you and me。

Making this work。 okay， this works。 And if it didn't， okay， with the Internet at this point。

 it would have been exposed。 Okay， like this industry wouldn't still exist if this shit didn't work。

 Now， what about buying into the fact that you can achieve this。

 A lot of people believe deep down inside that they are doomed to failure。

 Okay and success with women， but also in life， instead of being destined for success if you will。

 most people dabble around as we talked about before。

 they haven't really achieved much and they just live very mediocre lives and they don't have faith that they could do something like this。

 you may be watching this right now And you're like， man， I guess it works。 But can I really do this。

 And if you don't think you're gonna make it， it's not gonna happen。 Okay。

 it's gonna become what we call a self- fulfillfilling prophecy where you know。

 I'm not gonna make it just manifest itself into reality。 Okay， for this to work for you to。

You need to believe it works and you need to believe 100% have that faith that you can achieve this because if you don't see any payoff you're not going to go all out and do this You know you're going start telling yourself well。

 you know on a night out I'm not going to get late anyway so。You knowm like。

 why put in all this efforts on a bigger scale， Youd be like， well， I'm not gonna make it。 you know。

 I'm not gonna become that me who I want to become。 So you know why。

 why even try if I know I'm not gonna make it all the way there。

 Its it's like if you take a guy who's really， you know， let himself go。

 God incredibly thatched like to the point where it's like extremely obese if you tell that guy dude。

 go to the gym， he'd want to， like if you asked him， hey do you want to lose weight， He's like， yeah。

 but he knows that he's not gonna be able to stick at it in the gym， know。

 for him to lose all that weight and you know， like go out day after day and just work out for years to actually lose it。

 he knows he's not gonna stick at it， he can't achieve it。 So in his mind， he's like， well。

 why would I even bother trying Like if I'm not gonna make it。

 why would I just fucking go and torture myself in the gym。 and the same applies here。

 And that's just really such a pathetic way of thinking， well。

 if I don't know if I'm gonna make it why even try。 know you're shoot yourself in。

But before even starting， okay， remember this， trying something is always better than nothing。 Okay。

 I like to compare this to reading books。 Okay， a lot of people don't read because they don't believe in the fact that they can finish reading the book。

 they looked back at the five books that they read you know， over the past， like， you know。

 five years or even more。 You know， most people don't read that much。

 you may identify yourself with what I'm talking about here。 You look back and you're like， man。

 I tried reading all these books。 I've been trying for years。 and I haven't finished any。 know。

 most people don't even get past the first chapter。 like， you know。

 I just read the first chapter of all these books。 And I didn't finish them and。

Here I have a new one， but I'm probably not going to finish it either so。Why even bother。

 why even start？And what I say， linking it back to trying something is better than nothing is what's more beneficial to you。

 not reading at all for the rest of your life because you're not gonna finish the book or start reading。

 even if you just do a bunch of first chapters of another 1020100 books。 What's more beneficial。

 Nothing or the first chapter of all those books。 and the answer is the first chapter of all those fucking books。

 the same applies here， even if you don't make it okay。

 like 100% to who you want to become guess what， it's better than just staying where you're at。

 and on top of that， too is we discuss before， you don't have to be a master pickup artist to reap the benefits of of learning game。

 just start moving in that direction， you're gonna start seeing tons of benefits。

 and as we'll discuss later too， there is no destination。

 there is no point where you like you finish the book。 This here is like you're continuously reading。

 You're continuously working on yourself till the day that you die。 And as I mentioned。

Before as well， what one man can do another man can do。 Okay， you're not cut from a different cloth。

 This is something that any guy can achieve just by the fact that he's a guy。 Okay。

 there's no reason why you shouldn't be you know naturally attractive to women。

 and I've seen it all my guess is you're probably not the best I've seen。

 But you're definitely not the worst， Now， let's move on to buying into the fact that this is something worth doing。

 and what you have to do here is you have to sit down and ask yourself， Why do I want to do this。

 Why do I want to learn game。 Why do I want to go out and put myself in all those intense situations and deal with all that trauma。

 humiliation， just burning away the bullshit time and time again going through that fucking grind。

 to become better。 You know， why do I want to do it And what exactly do I want to get out of it。

 in which way does this benefit me， And this is so fucking key。 Okay。

 it's important to figure out the why， even over。The how people are like， how do I do it。

 ask yourself first why， why do you want to do it if you know exactly why the how is just going to take care of itself。

So I want you to write this down。Okay， I want you to open a little know notepad tab in your computer。

 and I want you to write down why you want to do this and what exactly。

 you know are you getting out of it。 What do you want to get out of it make this unique to you motivation is really unique to the individual。

 and really write it down And the more detailed you go the better now this can always be annoying because you're like man。

 I'll just think of some stuff I want to get out of it I don't need to write it down but once again。

 buy into what I'm saying， surrender what I'm saying and write this down no matter how annoying it is because even I do it sometimes like I'll be reading a book on selfhelp and they're like。

 oh， just take a break and fill in the blanks write your motivation。 And I'm like。

 yeah I'll just skip that。 skip to the next page don't do that here open that notepad。

 write it fuck down and again， in detail And go beyond just women is well it's like you're in this for the girls。

 I'm in this for the sex。 Yeah， that's。But look at the bigger picture， too。

 okay what I always say is game， you know， success with women pick up is selfhelp on steroids。 Okay。

 really is it's like by you going out and doing this。

 It's going to affect so much more than just getting girls。 It's gonna affect your life in general。

 you will learn how to as we discuss before， become confident。

 develop core confidence where no matter where you are who you're with。

 you just feel massively at ease。 You're gonna learn social skills that'll help you with girls thatll help you with your friends that'll help you with your family and your job。

 You're gonna learn willpower， You're gonna learn to take right action。

 know if you're in college watching this， you have an assignment you're like。

 I'm just gonna watch another toented little show。 No， what's the right thing to do。

 fucking do the assignment。 if you're working and you're like， oh man， I'm tired。

 I'm just going go home and just relax for a bit。 What's the right thing to do。

 You're gonna have that willpower and guess what， that's gonna affect your success in your job。 Okay。

 Expend your vision of it all and really write it down in。Extreme fucking detail。

 Game really is that one thing that you should be focusing on。 Okay。

 because the ripple effect of you just working on yourself as a person like this is so vast。

 It's fucking ridiculous。 You know， in all the different ways this will benefit you。

 There's a book that actually talks about this called the one thing。

 And what they say is most people。😡，They try to， know。

 work on all these different things at the same time。 they kind of dabble in all these areas。 So。

 you know， you may be thinking， okay， I want to get success with women down。

 I want to get business down， I want to get social circle down。 I want to get new better friends。

 I want to get my health down。 I want to get this down to myself help part of me down。

 I want to get all this stuff down and they kind of attack these separately。

 And what they say in the book is you should just focus on one thing。

 The most important thing that will then take care of the rest。 And guess what that's game。

 you focus on game， itll take care of all these other areas of your fucking life。

 So I want you to write these down right now。 write down all of the different benefits。

 all of the different wise。 know why this is something worth doing to you。 And once you do that。

 I want us to take this one step further。 And I want you to compartmentmentalize all of these into three different categories。

 which are the three paradigms of consciousness， if you will， that you're gonna find yourself。Okay。

 as human beings， we're always oscillating between， you know， a low level type of consciousness。

 a midlevel consciousness and you know a higher level of consciousness。 And what I want you to do is。

 again， categorize all of these benefits， all of these wise so that no matter where you know。

 you find yourself， you're still going be motivated。

 and you're still going to be moving forward in that same direction。

 which is to get this shit handled okay And。Really， you know， picture yourself in a lower level。

 you know， type of thinking。 Some guys are like， well， I'm never in lower consciousness。

 I'd never have like petty little thoughts。 Everyone does。 okay， till the day you die。

 you always want to maximize， you know， being in a higher level know。

 consciousness for high level way of thinking。 But you got to expect like I'm gonna to be down there too。

 And you want to be prepared So， for example， you know。

 some of the benefits that you could put into that paradigm of lower consciousness could be。

 you know， I'm doing this。 Why to get a lot of good reactions and validation from women so that I can feel cool and I can feel good about myself。

To get back at all those girls who rejected me in high school。Uh。

 to seem cool in front of my friends， you know， to show off that， you know。

 I got game and I got girls who like me in front of all my friends， all my peers。To be in control。

 you know， to feel powerful。 Okay， now， again， these are very， very petty。

 but you really got to know visualize yourself in this lower paradigm。 and again。

 find ways to just keep moving。 like when you're lower paradigm。 you're like。

 I don't want to do this to become a better me， I want to do this to know， fuck over my neighbor。

 you know， that's pretty much the drive。 but you got to align that shit too。

 any more midlevel consciousness。 you could put， I want to live in abundance， not scarcity。 You know。

 a lot of guys， their options are very limited。 there are options of women， you know。

 just or just the girls in their social circle。 It's like who do I know。

 maybe that guy knows this girl， maybe this girl， I know knows this girl。

 and I have like5 to 10 girls to choose from for me。 know， those are their options。 And again。

 when they talk to those girls are like， well I better not fuck it up because if I fuck it up with her。

 I'm fucked and just like this very。Cerce reality by doing this。

 you' will have a lot more to choose from。 You'll be in abundance。

 You'll be able to just relax a lot more and feel at ease。

 Another one could be choosing a girl with whom with whom I have a lot of natural chemistry。

 You know， that's big， too， because a lot of guys， our options are so narrowed。

 They choose a girl with whom they kind of get along with。 It's like， oh， we get along a bit。

 There's a little bit of chemistry。 but it's not the best match。

 and by doing this and interacting with so many different women。

 you'll be able to choose someone with whom you just really， you know， get along。

 And it'll be a win win， a win for you and a win for her for meeting someone like you。😊，Okay。

 so that could be another one。 Some other ones could be。 I want to be more social。

 I wantna be more happy。 I wantna be more positive。 I want to develop my personality。

 I want to feel at ease in any environments。 I want to be myself。😊，You know， most guys。

 they freak out depending on what's， you know， situation they find themselves in。

 and they're just very stifled。 You know， they block off a lot of， you know， who they are。

 They kind of hold back by doing this and developing that core confidence。

 you'll really be able to put your personality on the line wherever you go。 Okay。

 so that there could be the mid level。 And then in the higher level of consciousness。

You could put something like I want to inspire everyone that I interact with。

 I want to inspire the women I interact with and bring them up to my level of fun。

 my level of positivity， my level of abundance。 I want to bring them in and like give them a bit of that energy。

 I want to reach my full potential as a person。 know。

 I want to see really just how far I can go in terms of becoming the best that I can be。

 know I want to have a positive impact on people。 I want to have a positive impact on the world。

 know， those would be like the higher level ones。 And what happens by doing this is no matter where you find yourself。

 you're always gonna be moving in that same direction， which is get good at game。

 And this is something that I do with everything。 this is what keeps me motivated and all of my endeavors。

 if I'm teaching， for example。 Like let's just take that。 teaching game， teaching this to you。

 teaching this to clients I meet in person。What is my motivation on a， let's just say， lower level。

 One could be to show him that I'm the best。 You， I want to show my client。That I'm the best。

 that I'm number one。 Okay， petty as that is。 I want him to brag tall all his friends about how good I am。

 And you know， that'll increase sales and increase how much money I make。 You know。

 that there is leverage on a more lower paradigm。On a more mid level paradigm。You know， I I for me。

 at least it's better， bettering my skills， you know， bettering my skills as a teacher。

 Every time I have a client， it's like an opportunity for me to perfect in which way I explain all of these concepts。

 It's like， how can I make this piece fit into his reality。

 How can I make this click with him And everyone is unique。

 And the more practice I get explaining this to people， The more different cases I deal with。

 the more my skills are perfected。 and that'll you know， help me help more people in the long run。

 Another one is。You know， learning， I learned just as much teaching someone as that person is learning from me。

 If I' have a client in person just seen his different sticking points， like what he's dealing with。

 what we have to work on specifically with him reminds me of all these concepts。

 know because you forget， you know， like pick up you're like， oh。

 I'm working on this And then you move on to another concept and it kind of gets blurry。

 and it'll remind you like， oh， shit be on top of that as well for me。And another， of course。

 is just， of course， to fucking help him。 You know。

 it's like seeing that impact that I had and seeing him again like rise。 and then you see the change。

 I mean， that is fucking awesome。 Okay， so that would be a more mid level And on a higher level。

 I would just say， inspire the world， know， as obnoxious as that sounds。 I want to inspire the world。

 I want to have you know， an impact on the world， I want to， to make it a meaningful change。 Okay。

 and with that there， no matter where I find myself， when I'm teaching。

 I'm still gonna do my fucking best because。It's all aligned， and I'm just motivated， no matter。

What fucking paradigm I find myself in。 Okay， so I want you to write this down。 Okay， remember。

 write down all the benefits， all the why。 Okay， why this is worth doing for you。

 make this unique to you。 Then compartmentalize them。 Okay， low level midle， high level。

 and really go into detail。 And then I want you to post them in the Facebook group。 Okay。

 you have to post them。 post them in there。 and then look at what the other guys are posting to。

 Okay， be inspired by other people。 you'll see someone write， you know， I'm doing it because of this。

 And you're like， oh， shit， I didn't think of that one。 And then you can add that to your list。

 The more detailed the list the better。 Another huge。

 huge motivator is realizing that you really don't have a choice in the matter。You know。

 now that you know about this， now that you know that you can work on yourself as a person。

 you can develop who you are。 you can become a better person and have control over who you become if you don't do that。

 if you don't follow that path and take action， you are fucked。 Okay。

 you can rationalize it as much as you want。 Like oh， you know， that's not really for me。

 I tried it a bit， but I'm just happier this way。 you can rationalize it。 but deep down inside。

 you're always gonna know that you could be better than you are now。 Okay。

 and you're gonna live a life of just sadness and denial。 you're like， again， a life of potential。

 that could have been me， that could have been me。 you're fucked， you know。

 it's like you've seen it behind the curtain， there's no going back。 know。

 if you watch the movie the matrix。 You've now taken the red pill。 You can wish that， oh my God。

 I wish I never found out about all this。 and then you could just blissfully live without knowing about this。

 And you know， maybe being somewhat happy。But it's too late。 Okay。

 you've passed that point of no return。 You're fucked。 if you don't do this。

 you really don't have a choice。 And this is something that I still do to this day。 Okay。

 how do I motivate myself， How do I do all of the things that I do。

 I proactively put myself in situations where I don't have a choice where there are no alternatives。

 Okay， it's like you have to do it。 Once you accept that you have to do it。

 And the sooner you realize that you have to do this and you don't have a fucking choice。

 you're gonna do it regardless of your emotions regardless of every little bullshit belief that's holding you back。

 Okay， if I am working on a product， What am I gonna do， I'm gonna announce the release date。

 It's like I'm launching this product May 1， and then guess what， I don't have a choice。

 It better be done by fucking May 1， I don't care if I'm like， I'm a little bit tired。

 I don't really feel like it， my emotions or not， you know， really motivating me now。

 it doesn't matter because I don't have a choice。 Okay， I put myself in that situation。😡，You know。

 since we're talking about movies with like the matrix。Compare this to the dark night rises。

 If you saw that movie。 There's a scene where he's climbing out of this pit。 and it's it's a prison。

 And people I've been trying to climb out for years。

 And they always have like a rope attached around their waist so that if they fall， they don't die。

 Now， he tried it with the rope。 and he fell。 And what happens is in order for him to climb out。

 He has to cut the rope。 there are no backups and he's again。

 in that situation where he doesn't have a choice。 And that's where you just fully go all out。

 That's like the biggest motivator。 This is what I did in the very beginning as well。

 finding out about all this。 I was extremely shy。 I couldn't talk to anyone。 What did I do。

 I found a local group of guys who are working on themselves。 And I went out with them。

 And by me being out with them。 I'm like， oh， shit， I have to， you know。

 I can't really slack off now because I'm part of this， you know， it's not like me by myself。

 or I can just not take action。 and rationalize。 It's like here I was in a situation where at least in my mind。

 I felt like I didn't have a choice。 And I did it。 I stepped up。Okay， when I moved to Los Angeles。

 the same thing。I put myself in that situation where here I am。 know。

 I'm from Switzerland and I arrived in Los Angeles。 You know， didn't really have a plan。 I was like。

 oh should Here I am。 I better hustle to make something happen。 I don't have a choice。

 Another thing you're gonna have to learn how to do in order to keep yourself motivated is use your different emotions as motivational fuel。

 Okay， emotions like anger， fear， frustration stress， jealousy， embarrassment Dis。

 boredom or even happiness， basically anything you're gonna have to use that as motivational fuel。

 Okay， any energy can be turned around。 so let's take anger is an example。 Okay。

 being mad at yourself can be good at times。 if you don't take right action。

 like saw the girl that I didn't approach fuck， you know。

 like being pissed at yourself can be good is long as you're not reinforcing a victim mindset。

 as long as you're like， fuck。You're a piece of shit。 I told you， don't do that。

 Don't reinforce a victim mindset。 Instead， build a fire under your fucking ass。 know。

 add to the fury。 if you don't approach you like， fuck not again， next go。 not again。

 And then it just really comes down to know how much pain are you willing to take before you snap out of it。

 Okay， it's okay to temporarily you know abuse yourself， if you will。

 in order to break through and just start taking action。 if you take frustration， okay。

 you can turn that into fascination。 probably what happened to you with success with women。 You know。

 you're here watching this， why because you were probably frustrated， you were never。

 you never had an abundance of women， know， you just couldn't make it happen， You're like， fuck。

 I can't get women， I can't put myself out there。 You know， shit and look at you now， You know。

 here you are fascinated by it and going all out。 if you're scared， if you're scared。

 You're like stressed that there。Use it to use that adrenaline to just heighten your faculties。

 that's what turns your mind on。 You're scared。 you're stressed。

 just brings out it keeps your mind alive。 It brings out the creativity， the urgency。

 if you take jealousy。 now don't get caught up in the whole petty menvy side of it all it also reinforces a victim mentality。

 but just use that in a healthy way， be a little bit competitive， know。

 want to prove yourself that there is awesome， awesome motivational fuel。

 wanting to prove yourself and proving， you know once you made it you deserve to have made it Okay and ideally。

 to prove yourself to who to you not other people to you but take on that kind of me against the world type of mentality。

 be on the offensive get that chip on your fucking shoulder。 know， enjoy the challenges。

 What I would say is if there's nothing to overcome Why step it up。 know， there's that fuel。

Right there， Use resentment as well。 Resentment is awesome。 You know。

 look at stuff that just pisses you off。 You're like， shit。 You know， I want that。

 There's your motivation。 Use boredom。 boredom is awesome。 boredom is huge， Okay， I mean。

 that's what I do。 Like a lot of my life even is just a constant battle against boredom。 You know。

 the more you start pushing yourself。 It's like， you'll start reaching a certain level。

 and then you'll just start getting bored with it。 You're like， what's next， What's next。

 What's next。😊，You know it's like what else are you gonna do， Just fight that boredom。

 Keep yourself engaged。 And then if you're happy， you feel happy。

 just keep pushing yourself to reinforce that happiness and to keep feeling fucking happy。

 There's your fuel there， And also keep in mind which ones just really resonate with you on a personal level remember。

 motivation is unique to you And you're gonna have to do a lot of introspection。

 it's like just looking at yourself like， okay， which buttons can I push within myself in order to keep myself fucking motivated。

 which ones do I really resonate with more， you need to know that。

 You need to know how to trigger motivation within yourself。

 the last thing I'd say when it comes to motivation is that they're actually two parts to it there' the first part which we've been talking about up to now。

 which is igniting that fire， igniting that drive， that compulsion that need to do this and there's a second part which is。

Keep that fire burning。Okay， and this is so important。 Okay。

 view motivation as a precious fire that you need to keep burning at all costs。 Okay。

 because once you lose it， it's very， very hard to get it back and realize that everything in this world is trying to extinguish it。

 Okay， society is not on your side。 society doesn't promote going out。

 bettering yourself as a person becoming the best you can be in reaching your full potential。 Okay。

 what does society promotes scalability and stability。Okay。

 if everyone was going out and working on themselves， it would be fucking chaos。 Okay。

 not everyone can be the best。 Not everyone can be awesome。 So what does society promote， a， fit in。

😊，Fit in the puzzle。 Okay， we're all just gonna fit in。 Take our little rolls。

 Some guys are gonna be at the top。 Some at the bottom。 But you better fit it。 Don't stand out。 Okay。

 what do they teach you in school growing up。 Don't stand out。 Be quiet。 Don't talk back。

 Don't state your opinion。 Just shut the fuck up and fit in。 Okay。

 and we're conditioned by this shit here。 Okay， it's like shut the fuck up。 in Scandinavia。

 They even have something。 or they had something called the yte log， which is this exact same thing。

 They teach in school。 Shut the fuck up， fit in over and over and over and just hammered into their psychology。

 Okay， so society is on your side。 You're gonna have to go against that。 And it's gonna to be tough。

 which you already know， but you have to start getting used to going against the grain。 Okay。

 stop doing what everyone else is doing。 start doing your own thing。

 and don't be afraid to stand out。 Okay， because we have this innate fear of just standing out because。

You know， back in the day in caveman times， if you will， standing out was extremely risky。

 it's like suddenly you become， you know either above where you're like the main guy and everyone's like always competing to be on top。

 So it's like oh my God， I don't want to stand out。 I don't want to be the main guy。

 I't want all the eyes on me。 I just want to fit in where it's safe， know。

 or you'd stand out negatively and they'd kill you。 so you don't want to stand out。

 but you have to go against that shit， as I mentioned before。

 And a way to do this is to change your conditioning。 so what does that mean。

 you want to switch from social conditioning， which we talked about before。

 where there's all this information that's been blasted at you from all angles and one of the things that's reinforcing is scalability and stability。

 So you want to change that and shift it over to you know， game or pick conditioning。

 there's an old selfhelp saying that goes， you are the average of the five people you hang out with the most。

 because human beings were like a sponge and whatever's around us。 We suck in it in。

And this tends to happen if I give a seminar， someone will come to the seminar。

And he's surrounded with all these other guys working on themselves。 I'm at the front speaking。

 And he's all motivated。 And that's just， you know， he's like a sponge just taking it all in。

 And at the end， he's like， fuck， yeah， I'm gonna do this。

 And then what happens is he goes back to his you know， daily life。 And let's just say， for example。

 he's in finance。 And everyone he hangs out with is in finance。 And they don't know about this。

 And they don't work on themselves。 You know， after a while。

 he's gonna start losing sight of that reality。 losing sight of that motivation。

And because he's like a sponge， She's gonna to start taking in the the finance。

 I'm not working on myself。 And he just willll fucking lose it and won't do it and will be， you know。

 finance conditions。 Let's just say。 So you want to make this。Your new reality。

 You want to proactive condition yourself to gain。 Okay， Now， how do you do that。

 You simply have to start being aware of what is influencing you。

 If you are the average of the five people you hang out with the most。

 be very careful of who those people are and switch out the ones that are not helping you。 Okay。

 try hanging out with guys who are also into this。 You know， if you go on Facebook。

 we have these groups in every major city around the world， Carl。😊，R S D inner circles。

 and they're free。 and you can join them。 And you'll find hundreds or thousands of guys in your city who go out and do this。

 you know， meet them， hang out with them。 make those guys your friends to keep this reality alive。

 Watch videos， Okay， you can watch videos， too。 if you have no one to hang out with。

 This is what I did way back in the day， even。😊，Before finding a group of guys in Switzerland is I'd watch。

 you know， videos online。 I'd download these videos and watch them。 And you know。

 it's like the guys speaking in the videos were like my little virtual friends。

 And I'd watch them every day so that that virtual friend became one of the five people that hang out with。

 hung out with the most。 Okay， so start being aware of that and really do whatever you can to reinforce that this is the new norm。

 This is your reality。 You know， the game pick up reality where it's encouraged to go out and take action。

 It's encouraged to go out and put your personality on the line。

 It's encouraged to go out and be loud。 you know， talk to people。 Express yourself。😊，Okay。

 you have to create this new reality。 You have to recondition yourself to this。

 also okay building on this， realize that your friends and family are not on your side either。 Okay。

 societys on your side， your friends and family are not on your side either why Because within your group your group of friends or your family。

 there's a certain dynamic that's established。 let's just say you have like， you know。

 three close friends。 there's a dynamic where there's the main guy。 Okay， that's could be you。

 it couldn't， it could be another guy back in the day。

 I was never the main guy kind of be the guy on the sidelines。 and that was established。

 like he is the alpha guy。 He's the top dog。 then there's like the funny guy。 There's the， you know。

 creative guy。 there's the number two guy。 There's this whole dynamic thats said and that works and everyone's just used to that dynamic there And what happens is if you start going out and working on yourself to becoming number one。

 it's gonna create chaos within that dynamic。ThereAnd your friends are gonna try to， you know。

 hold you in place。 It's like， dude， why are you fucking this up。 This works。

 Stay in your fucking place。 I don't care if you're at the bottom。

 stay in your fucking place and you're gonna have to go against that。 Now， whatll also happen。 Okay。

 on top of that is that they're gonna start feeling threatened by your commitment to achieve this。

 Okay， why， because if everyones down here and you start bettering yourself and going up up， up。

 up up。 What are you doing， You're just shining this massive spotlight on their shortcomings。

 You're making them realize like shit， he's doing it。 We could do it， too。😡，We don't want to。

 But now we feel bad because we know we should be doing it and they're gonna to try to prevent you from climbing up because they're like。

 dude， why are you making us feel bad。 Just stay down here with us so we can all rationalize together。

 So it is very easy to rationalize that。 It's all good because no one else is doing it。

 We can all suck together it's like if you know you're a bunch of fat people and someone's like losing weight。

 They're like mother fuckcker， why are you making us feel bad。 Stay fat。

 Let's all just stay fat and be happy。 Okay， so your friends and family are not on your side either。

 And lastly， I would say that you are not on your side。 Okay， no one's on your fucking side。

 remember， human beings are creatures of habit and your addiction to comfort is the biggest motivation killer ever。

 and it's important that you don't fall into the comfort traps along the way because we try to find comfort in everything including success。

 because what'll happen is you make the leap。 you ignite。The fire。

 you break out of your comfort zone of remaining the same。

 you start working on yourself as a person and you know。

 you make a bit of progress and you do you're doing well。 Okay。

 you're riding again that wave of motivation。 and then with time what'll happen is you're gonna start telling yourself。

 I'm doing pretty well。 I'm doing I'm doing good。 you know what I'm doing good enough。Okay。

 and so you're going to start finding comfort in your success。 It's like you're down here。

 you take one step above and you're like， you know what， that's， that's good enough。

 I'm comfortable again。 Okay， there's a saying the enemy of the best is the good。 Okay。

 and the the better you become， the harder it is to keep yourself motivated。 Okay。

 because you'll have achieved something。 and you're like， man。

Is it really still worth it to me at that point， remember， if you're down here。

 there's a lot of benefits。 but if you're up here versus up here。

There's suddenly a lot less fucking benefits because what you have to do then。

 you're going to have to leave all this， you know， leave being up here。

 go out and hustle some like fucking crazy just to go up here。😡，Okay。

 and a lot of guys are just like， I just， Im， I'm good， you know I'm good enough。 F， good enough。

 Okay， remember， you're here to just push it to the limit to reach your full potential。

 Don't be afraid of losing what you already achieved and remember， don't ever remain the same。

 Don't ever try to go back to you know， being in a life of comfort， get addicted to discomfort。

 always be willing to move away from stuff that worked， just fine to stuff that will work better。

 Okay and be afraid， Okay， literally be afraid if things are too easy。 Okay。

 when things start getting easy and， you start getting comfortable again， be scared。 Okay。

 abundance is a lot harder to handle than scarcity when it comes to motivation。 Okay。

 a personal example。That has to do with this is when I started working for real social ans。 you know。

 I was new。 and because you're new， you want to prove yourself。 So you have all that motivation。

 that hustle。 you're just going all out。 And you know。

 you probably notice it's like my brand exploded。 like I was hustling like fucking crazy。

 and what happened is once I reached the the top。 you know， be very modest。 you know， I was like。

 yes， I'm at the top。 And guess what， slowly， but surely， okay。

 that motivation just slowly started diminishing。 And you don't really notice it。 You're like。

 I'm at the top。 Yeah， I've hustled all this shit。 And。

What happened is some Max started working for real socials and he was new and suddenly I saw him and he's like had way more fucking drive and I'm like。

Oh， shit， you know， it's like， I fell into like the abundance trap of being like。

 I'm good enough now。 And I'm like， no， going back to the basics。 And I got my fucking hustle back。

 It's just for a short period of time。 But it can happen to anyone。 Okay。

 be scared when things are too easy。 Okay， hustle， hustle， hustle and never， ever， ever just settle。

 Okay， never accept yourself as a finished product。 And this will happen on a macro level， you know。

 like in terms of your general journey。 but also on a micro level。 You know。

 you'll go out and this will happen so often， like guys will start doing a few approaches。

 and they get a couple good reactions and suddenly they're like， you know what。

I did good enough for tonight。 I can relax now。 or they get a phone number。 And then they're like。

 oh， you know what， Well， I did get a number tonight。

 even if I don't really take action the rest of the night。

 it's easy to rationalize that tonight was worth it because I got a number。 Okay， it's like， no。

 go all out。 and find ways to keep yourself motivated as well。 Okay。

 learn how to selfman that fucking passion， that motivation。 Okay， one way。

Which is what happened with me and Max joining real social dynamics is get a younger guy to go out with。

 Okay， younger guy and a newer guy。 Okay， someone who's still like， fuck， let's do this。

 And he's at the starting point。 You know， and you， it kind of reminds you like that youthful energy。

 that stamina。 you're like， fuck， Okay， because that's what you tend to lose with time。

 guys are always afraid of going out with new guys。 So like， oh， I don't want to go out with。

A guy who has， you know little experience。 I want to go out with an advanced guy and there's advantages to both。

 You know， it's like if you go out with an advanced guy。

 it's cool because he can show you the ropes assuming， you know。

 he hasn't taken on extremely bad habits because otherwise you were going to take on his bad habits as well。

But going out with a newer guy is awesome， too。 Okay It reminds you again。

 of that motivation that drive。 And it forces you to be the one to you know go first。

 because that guy is kind like， oh well how do I do it。

 And so you're put in that position where you don't really have a choice。

 And you have to show him So you're putting the teacher or role where again， you learn just as much。

 So there's advantages to both。 And overall what I would say your basic requirements a little sign notes in terms of who to go out with is find guys who are positive and outgoing。

 positive and outgoing。 that's what I want。 if I want a guy to go out with me I don't care if he's good or not。

 because I'm just focused on my skill set and I'll learn if he's good and also learn if he sucks。

 But I want a guy to be like， you know what， let's do this。 Let's do is， let's go fucking。

s go let's go talk to her。 Let's go talk to her。 I want some annoying piece of shit that just like kicks me in the ass。

 And you know， gets me that fucking drive back。 find ways to keep yourself engaged like that。

 You know， find joy in。😊，New challenges and keep just pushing the fucking envelope。 Okay。

 get addicted to progress。 If you're doing well， aim to do better。

 And then once you reach that point， then more and more and more。 Okay。

 just really visualize infinite possibilities。