# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：4.转向增长_4. Shifting to Growth：15解释你的推荐信_15. Interpreting Your References【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So we've covered how to break down your reference experiences the right way。

 to get the right lessons from them。 But that there is not all the value that you could be getting。

 Okay， realize that on one hand， you need to use your references to learn from them。

 But on the other， you also need to use your references to cultivate and reinforce the right mindsets and beliefs that you want to have。

 things like core confidence， self-love。 having positive assumptions about the world around you。

 and to do this， you need to learn how to interpret your references so that you internalize them the right way。

 And so they're not reinforcing bad beliefs in bad mindsets that don't help you because that'll happen to even if you're going out and taking right action。

 Now when it comes to doing this， realize that there is no such thing as a negative reference experience。

 we talked about before in terms of breaking down your references。

 there's no such thing as a useless reference experience。 the same applies here。

 guys are sometimes afraid of getting bad references。You know， they don't want to get rejected。

 for example， because they think that if they get rejected。

 that bad reference experience is going to reinforce bad mindsets and bad beliefs okay but that is completely wrong remember this there's no such thing as a negative reference experience There are only negative interpretations of those reference experiences it's all a matter of perspective。

 a reference experience， it's just something that happened okay it's not good， it's not bad。

 it's neutral view it objectively be very realistic。

 get the right lessons from it and then from there choose to interpret it in a way that helps you okay you can choose to view any reference in any way you like you can choose to view it as something that's good。

 you can choose to view it as something that's bad it's really up to you and why wouldn't you choose to view it in a positive way you can't choose what happens to you but you can choose how you feel about it and why not fucking choose to feel great about it and that's the key break down your reference experiences。

Reistically， okay and critically take the right lessons from them。 And then from there。

 choose to interpret them in a way that's beneficial to you。 Okay， perception is reality。

 regardless of the truth。 And this here is a skill that you need to cultivate。 Okay。

 managing your perception。 Too many guys interpret their reference experiences。

 the wrong way by focusing on all the wrong fucking things。

 they focus on all the things that didn't work all the times they fucked up all the times they did something wrong。

 all the times they got rejected， and that's all they see。 Okay， the negative。 And by doing this。

 they're reinforcing what Napoleon Hill calls failure consciousness instead of reinforcing success consciousness。

 Now， of course， you have to learn from your mistakes。

 you can't just be delusional and blind to them。 But be careful not to take this too far to the point where that's all you can see。

 all you see is every time you fucked up all the things went wrong。

 all the negative and that becomes who you are。 this will happen to guys where。

they go out and they talk to two girls。 they go up to one girl。

 And let's just say it goes amazingly well。 They get a phone number。 They're like he yeah。

 I killed it。 And right after they'll go talk to another girl and they get rejected。

 when they go home， most guys， all they can think about And all they focus on is that rejection。

 They forget about the number。 They forget about the amazing interaction。

 They go home and they're like damn it。 I really fucked it up with that girl。 I could have done this。

 I could have done that， Why did I say this， Why did I do that， I suck。

 I suck I suck and if you do that， And you just replay that rejection over and over and over again。

 What's gonna happen， you're gonna start moving in that direction and becoming that guy。

 you're gonna becoming the guy who just gets rejected。

 you're reinforcing bad beliefs and negative assumptions and realize that by doing this。

 replaying all the negative stuff over and over and over again。

 This is also a where your mind place tricks on you to just keep you where you're at。

 It's like remain the same。 Don't change。 See that You went out。

to do something a little bit different。 It was bad。 nothing positive can come of this。 Don't change。

 stay who you are。 And from there， I mean， it's just gonna to become a self- fulfillfilling prophecy。

 Okay where whenever you interact with women， not only are you just going start focusing on all the negative which gets you very prevention oriented as we discussed before on top of that。

 you're gonna start unconsciously looking for proof to reinforce that you are right。

 to reinforce this failure consciousness where you suck， you're not getting good references。

 this doesn't work and you should just remain the same and not even fucking try so this is why it's so crucial to snap out of this。

 to take the lessons， stuff to take the lessons， be objective， get all the lessons。

 but once you do you have to blow up the positive and just replay all the stuff you did fucking well and really try to take the positive from everything。

 know， including just stuff that's out of your control。

 know some guys when I ask them like how did it go。Like yeah， you know it went well， but， you know。

 she was， she was sluty。 So it doesn't really count or oh， she was a little tipsy。

 So it doesn't really count。 And I'm like， dude。 Okay I don't care if she was sluty or even tipsy。

 Okay overb that shit and give yourself credit where you can be like I don't care if she was sluty or tips she fucking loved me。

 Okay reinforce positive assumptions success consciousness。

 now this is not just blind positivity but creativity。 Okay it's not youve been like I'm so。

 I'm the I'm so And if someone ask you why you're like I don't know。

 I just am's you taking actual reference experiences and then reraming them and asking yourself。

 how can I make these good Okay， you have to ground it in real life references。

 So let's just take rejection is an example。 let's just say you get。

 you go up to a girl you start talking and then she's like okay。

 well nice to me you now as we discuss before， break that reference down， take all the lessons。

 And from there， choose to interpret。😊，In a way that helps you Okay。

 so how can you interpret it instead of being like， I suck。

 I got rejected and reinforced failure consciousness。 You could tell yourself， as we discussed。 Oh。

 that was something funny。Okay，It's the same reference。

 but this here is an interpretation that helps you you're like， A， that was so funny， I'm awesome。

Okay， another interpretation is man。I was too awesome。 She couldn't handle my awesomeness。

 That's why she left。 It's not because I fucked up。

 It's because I was too cool and I didn't humanize myself enough。 Now， is this true， probably not。

 I doubt the girl was blinded by your awesomeness and that's why she left。

 but this really comes down to what helps you， You know， instead of what is actually true。 Okay。

 you got rejected， that's true。 But from there， which interpretation of that fact helps you most。

 Now， is this a little bit delusional， the answer is yes。

 But guess what a little bit of delusion can go a long fucking way。

 as long as you don't lose track of that objective reality。 and the lessons you must learn from it。

 Okay， and to be honest， too， I mean， everyone's a little bit delusional。 Okay， however。

 most people are negatively delusional。 Okay， most people have blind spots to success。 Okay。

 for example， if you think you're a guy who sucks with women， you suck at life。

 you're a piece of shit。And that's just who you are。

 Anything that's outside of that is going to be blocked off。 Okay， any little sign of success。 like。

 hey， man， maybe you can change。 maybe there's， you know hope your mind's gonna be like， fuck no。

 you're gonna have a blind spot to it because you just want to remain who you are right now。

 I had a client in Amsterdam a couple years ago。 He go up and interact with all these women。

 and they all loved him。 They're all smiling and loving him。 but his mind would block that off。

 And every time you'd leave an interaction， he'd be like dude， I just fucking sucked。

 And I literally had to go up to his interactions take pictures of the women smiling。

 show it to him after for him to finally believe like shit。 I'm actually doing pretty fucking well。

 so what I want you to do here is get rid of all those blind spots to success and replace them with blind spots to failure。

 Okay this is really what you're doing。 instead of just blocking off success。

 You're gonna block off failure you're gonna know step away from， that failure conscious。okay。

 and I call these selected flying spots。 Some examples of these would be， you know。

 as we discussed before， I am awesome。 and everybody loves me。 Okay， if you get rejected。

 instead of being all sad about it， just reinforce this here。 Oh， I was just way too awesome。

 She was blinded by my awesomeness。 Okay， another one is women love sex and they're thinking about it。

24，7， I am the best match for every single girl in the world。 the world is a friendly place。

 I'm destined for success。 Okay， now are these true， not necessarily， okay， I doubt， for example。

 every single girl is thinking about sex，24 fucking 7， Okay， like every second of the day。

 every woman you see is just thinking about the dick。 Okay， I doubt that's true。

 But does that help you， The answer is yes， okay， if you go out and you think that every girl there is just thinking about Dickck。

 How are you gonna feel in terms of going up and talking to them。 Are you gonna be like， oh man。

🎼I'm a little nervous。 I don't really want her to know that I'm hitting on her。 Hell， No。

 you'll be like， she's thinking about the dick。 How's it going， Okay。

 how are you going to feel about moving the interaction towards sex。 Okay， a lot of guys。

 they're very apologetic。 They're like， oh man， I'm sorry， but I know we we should have sex。

 You know， they think the women hate sex。 Okay， if you're like， oh， she just thinks about the dick。

 He， yeah， it's gonna help you。 thinking that you're awesome。 fucking helps you thinking that。

You're the best match for every girl there。 Fuckin helps you。 Okay， so they're not necessarily true。

 but they help you。 and you want to cultivate these here。

 So when interpreting your reference experiences after having taken the right lessons out of them。

 Always ask yourself， how can I use these references to reinforce one of these selected blind spots。

 Okay， this here is how you change your beliefs。 and this here is how you create new beliefs。 Okay。

 by grounding them and actual real life reference experiences。 you can't just tell yourself。

 I'm awesome。 So I go I'm awesome， I'm awesome because there's no proof。 Okay。

 you need the proof and any fucking reference can serve as proof。 Okay。

 we talked about this before as well。 when it comes to tipping the assumptions balance。 Okay。

 going from negative assumptions to positive assumptions。 Every time something goes well。

 It adds to the right side of the balance。 And what you can do here is you can accelerate that process。

 by just adding every fucking reference to the right side of the balance。

 Anthony Robins talks about this as well。 Okay， what he says。Is a belief is like a table。

 It's like the tabletop and the legs holding it up are the references。

 if you want to create a new belief。 okay， like I am awesome， you can't just tell yourself。

 I'm awesome。 you need to go and build the legs holding it up with reference experiences which is what we talked about here。

 And if you want to change a current belief， for example， I suck how do you change it。

 you question the references。 you question all the experiences you had that make you believe that you suck and then you replace them with better ones that are beneficial to you because you interpreted them the right fucking way。

