# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：6.生活方式_6. Lifestyle：21接触美女_21. Getting Access To Beautiful Women【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So building on cutting off environments that don't help you in seeking out better environments with more opportunity to get reference experiences。

 you should also want to be seeking out environments with high quality references。

 and this means gaining access to high end venues， high end clubs。 and doing this the right way。

 So you know just keep getting denied time and time again and without having to spend all your money on fucking bottle service。

 So what I'm gonna show with you here is how I personally did this myself when I first moved from Switzerland to Los Angeles。

 and I had zero club connections there。 I was completely broke and how I worked my way up to the top and ended up having access to all the top venues in Hollywood knowing all the promoters managers。

 I even had promoters make girls wait outside the club for me to show up to get me in and what I learned from it all。

 So first of all， it's important to understand the dynamic at play here。

 realized that whenever you go to a high end venue。Or a high end club。 It's the club's job。 Okay。

 more specifically， the doorman's job to make sure that the inside of that club is just the sickest place ever。

 Okay， and this means letting in a maximum amount of beautiful women and a minimum amount of guys。

 And the guys that they do let in， they want to make sure that they are cool people。 Okay。

 and by that， I mean， people who are fun， abundance， have a great vibe。 you know。

 just radiate positivity， you know， dress appropriately。 just basically people where。😊。

If you saw them cut the line， you wouldn't be surprised。 You know， they just walk up， walk in。

 you're like， oh， well， of course， you know， that makes sense。 You know， that guy's cool。

 He's on the in。 and they're trained to screen for these people。 Okay， it's like， okay。

 is this person cool or not， because nothing ruins a club's reputation more than someone who's not cool getting in and then it just gets a bad rep。

 Okay， so that's the doorman's job And if you are not categorized as a cool person。

 no matter what you do， know， you can try some of the things we're gonna talk about here。

 you're gonna have a lot of trouble getting in。 So what does this mean， Okay， basically。

 you're gonna have to go out and observe who these cool people are。 Okay。

 go to whatever venue you want to start frequenting and just observe who gets let in。 Okay。

 What type of clothes do they wear， know， What's their attire。 How do they act， How do they talk。

 How do they do it， Okay， get a feel for what it means to be a cool person there and then mimic。😊。

That。We the type of clothes that they wear， one of the main reasons guys can't get into certain venues is that they just don't dress appropriately。

 and their usual excuse is， well， I thought looks， did it matter。

 and realize this looks don't matter when it comes to getting women。

 but they do matter when it comes to gaining access to certain venues。 showing up underdress。

 for example， is like showing up at a white shirt party wearing a purple shirt。

 you're just not going get in， no matter who you are， And on top of that， too。

 it just shows a massive lack of social intelligence， which is extremely low value。

 so be sure to dress the part。 Now， be aware， however， that this does depend on the venue。

 for example， if you go out in a place like New York， and you go to a high end club。

 address the part there would mean you know， black leather shoes， colored shirts。

 just looking very nice and fancy。 know， that would be considered cool。 However。

 if you go out in a place like L A and you dress。Like that it can be viewed as not so cool in a little too try hard。

 know the collared shirt and leather shoes is pretty much what every guy wears。

 who doesn't usually go to clubs， he's like， oh well。

 I'll just wear a colored shirt and in a place like LA actually dressing down where it's not try hard at all but still cool in its own way is higher value than actually know be all fancy So go to the venues that you want to frequent okay and mimic the cool people they get into those specific venues there。

 now if you want a more universal dress code like I travel a lot so I don't really have time to really observe the subtle nuances I just recommend a blackcoled shirt and black leather shoes you can kind of pull off all venues just with that attire there if you go to New York you'll look nice nice button up black leather shoes if you go to LA unbut it roll up your sleeve。

Look a little bit more， you know， grungy and you'll get in there as well。 mimic the way they act。

 Okay， what does this mean if you're waiting in line， don't show any signs of desperation。 Okay。

 I see this with guys who don't usually go out that often。 They're in line。

 and they're just very quiet。 You know， say it's like two guys are just like。You know， quiet。

 unsure of themselves needy。 and you'll immediately stand out is just being not cool。 Okay。

 look at the guys who get in。 know， how do they act。 They're just very sure of themselves。

 They assume they're getting in and they act accordingly。 know。

 they act as if they already belong there。 if there's like two of them。

 they're most likely joking around。 instead of just being like all quiet。 if you're by yourself。

 you know， you can just like hang out on your phone a bit。 But otherwise。

 be sure to be fucking chatting your friend。 you know， joke around， pump each other's， you know。

 state， like radiate positivity。 Now， don't joke around too much。 Okay。

 a little side notes to the point where you don't even notice the doorman， like still be aware。

 And I'd also recommend not joking around too much with the people around you because that's a mistake a lot of guys make where they understand they have to joke around and show that。

 you know， they're abundant。 they're just， you know， they assume they're getting in。 However。

 they joke with everyone around。 and you may joke with some people who are not considered cool。

 you know， by the doormans。Standards。 and he can just think like， oh， well， those guys are cool。

 but they're part of a bigger group and I don't want to let in a huge group And part of that group is not cool。

 and they'll deny you as well。 Okay， so you can chat here and there just a few lines。

 but make sure it's very clear that it's just you and your buddy and you know it's a guarantee that you're on the in and that you will you know。

 get in。Don't call the bouncer over desperately either。 Okaysie guys do this like， hey， excusee me。

 excusecus me。 it' it's me。 it's， it's just， it's just us。 we get in like just extremely desperate。

 needy， don't do that。 Okay， subtly get his attention when he's walking by。

 It's pretty much as you and your buddy joking around or if you're by yourself。 just very casual。

 grounded and chill。 and just when he walks by like， oh， hey。

 you get his attention Or if he looks at you like， oh hey， yeah， it's just me。

 don't try too hard to get his attention。 and realize too that you're probably gonna have to do this know more than once。

 because sometimes you'll be like oh， it's just me， he'll look at you。

 he may even say something or sometimes not。 and then just hold your ground。

 it's just that he probably can't let you in at that moment in time。

 let him talk to a few more people。 And when he comes back， then casually reengage again。

 and you may have to do this two， three times even but never call him fucking over。

 guys you do that like excuse me like that， They don't fucking get in。

 and don't get into arguments with the doorman or the bounce。Or either， I'll see that happen where。

 you know， guys wait for a long time。 They're like， hey， we've been waiting here fucking 20 minutes。

 You told us we could get in 10 minutes ago。 What's going on， You let those people in first。

 what the fuck。 and that never works。 Okay， never， ever get into an argument with the doorman or the bouncer and recognize to when it's time to be humble and respect。

 Okay， realize that they have a job to do。 their job is to screen for cool people and literally every single night。

 there are hundreds of other guys， just like you trying to hustle their way in。

 And if you can just like chill out at times， show him respect。 even just you know， vibe a bit。

 like show me a real person。 you actually respect what he does。

 You just don't view him as a means to an end as long as you don't， you know。

Chill out too much to the more where you get walked over。 That'll go a long fucking way too。

 And lastly， don't show up with more than one。 Maybe two other guys。 You know。

 it depends on the venue。 If you don't have women in your group。 Okay， remember。

 the doorman's job is to screen for cool people。 But also to keep a good ratio inside。

 that means letting in a lot of beautiful women and very few guys。

 and they'll rarely let in huge groups of guys， you know。

 without making them spend a fortune on buying a bottle or a table。 Okay。

 so the rule here is two guys， Max， you and another guy again， every once in a while。

 you can do like groups of three， but let's just make it a rule two guys Max， and no more than that。

 Okay， so if you're a huge group split up into groups of two before entering the venue。 Okay。

 that means meeting up a block or two away。 don't just show up in front of the club and then split up。

 mean a block away split up into groups of two and then go in two at a time。 Now， ideally。

Wait till the first two get in。 Okay， before go in another two。

 and don't talk to each other if you do happen to be waiting in line together。 Okay。

0 communication until you're inside the fucking club。 Okay， you can text， though。 but no talking。

 Now see guys fuck this up so many times。 They arrive in groups of two。 It's a long line。

 and they're like， okay， we're waiting Oh， anyway， and just chat their buddies。 It's like。

 don't fucking do that。 bouncers and doormen are very aware of that shit。

 So these here are the basic requirements to get in。😡，Now。

 a lot of these high end venues also use guest lists。

 and this is probably the first thing you're gonna be asked when showing up。 It's like。

 so are you on the guest list。 Now， depending on where you live。

 some venues give you the option to sign up for the guest list online。

 so look up the club website and check if there's an option。 if there is， I mean， awesome。

 just sign up for the guest list and you're pretty much good to go。

 it's like where you on the guest list。 Y， here's my name， I mean， that's the easiest way。

 But if there isn't， make sure you look up the manager's name。 Okay， look up the manager。

 the fucking club。 look up the DJs who are playing， look up the promoter's name， I mean。

 pretty much anyone who fucking works there。 the more names， you know the better。

 you can also find out the names by just kind of listening and line to whatever promoter or name。

 know other people are giving just pretend to be on your phone and just kind of listen in。 like。

 we're on this person's list。 Now you get the name， and be sure to take notice as well。

 if the person at the door， checks their sheet of。Paper， iPad or tablet， you know。

 whatever they have for your name or not。 Okay， because there are two types of guest lists。

 One where you give your name and you're like， going with this promoter and they check just to make sure the promoters working that night。

 They're like， okay， good to go。 And there's another guest list where you give the promoter name Like。

 hey with this promoter。're like， okay， what's your name。

 And then you give your name and they check to make sure your name's on the fucking guest list。 Okay。

 so it's important to know which type of guest list you're fucking dealing with。Now。

 when you show up at the door and let's just say you're not on a guest list。 Okay。

 the option to sign up online wasn't there。 and they ask you， are you on the guest list。

 My usual go to answer is， oh， just me。Oh， it's just me。 where if I'm with a friend。 Oh。

 it's just the two of us。 Okay， I won't even answer the， are you on the guest list。

 I'll just be very calm kindnd of bse。 Like， are you on the guest list。 Oh， it's。Just two of us。

And just hold eye contact fully expecting to get in like it's not a big deal。

 I don't even have to say a fucking guess。 I'm like， just us to， no big deal。

It's just a very calm imp presence。Now， assuming， you're one of the cool people。

 this will oftentimes just work。 Now， if it doesn't。 and they're like， oh， sorry， sir。

 it's a guest list only tonight。 Then you proceed by spewing out one of the promoter names that you previously looked up online。

 Okay， so I'll be like， oh， sorry， I'm with this promoter here。😊，Okay。

 and then I'll just pause laser eye contact just very calm， very bse。 And I'll repeat。

 it's just me or it's just the two of us。 Okay， by repeating that， I mean。

 just reinforce like it's not a big deal。 It's like， oh we're just cool people， just us too。

 We're this promoter， whatever。Okay， and then it depends on what type of guest list it is if they don't need your personal name and they just look up the promoter and they're like。

 alwayss working tonight。 You should be good to go。 However， they may look it up and be like， okay。

 what's your name， Sir。And you're like， oh， shit， so you give them your name。

And then you just wait again， full expecting to get in and they'll look through the list andre like。

 oh， sorry， sir， you don't seem to be on here。Then I'll usually respond something like。

 oh that's weird， he told me he put me on the list。

And just maintain eye contact and see what happens。 Now， if they look。 and they're like， sorry， sir。

 you're still not on here and they don't offer to let you win because that'll sometimes happen where you're like。

 I should be on there And they're like， fuck it， come on in， if they don't offer that。 then say。

 well， let me just text him real fast。 This is weird。 Okay。

 and offer to text the promoter before they tell you to do it。 because they'll say that too。

 It's like， no， you're not on here。 text him to text us。

 So we know to let you win and then you're pretty much fucked。 But if you bring it up。

 you have more chances。 You're like， let me text him， this is a little weird。

 text him and then just pretend to just， you know， stay casual， chill there。

 chat with your friend if you're with a friend。 and then just look a little annoyed。

 like a little annoyed， you're not， this is not working out， this is weird。

 usually just walk right in。 So I'll just wait there a bit。 I'm like， he's not text him back。

 I there any way I can just get in。 This is quite annoying。

 He's like he's not on his phone right now。 and see what they say。 You can also pretend to call him。

be like， fuck， yeah， he's not answering again， It's just me。 Just washing to repeat the process。

 See what happens。 And if that doesn't work， you can try spewing out a few more names。 like， look。

 I'm with this promoter。 I also know， you know， this person， this person， it's just the two of us。

 It's just me。 And you know， just keep trying that angle there。 And if that still doesn't work。

 then you need to get girls。 Okay， sometimes no matter what you're not gonna be let in unless you have girls with you。

 Okay， so the easiest way to do this is simply to build a social circle with beautiful women that you can just take out with you whenever you go out。

 and how do you do that。 just go out， you know， pick up women as per usual。

 But instead of sleeping with them， put them in the friend zone you get them attracted。 They're like。

 oh my God， this guy's amazing。 And then instead of just going all the way to sex。 You're like， hey。

 you know what， you're awesome， we get along， let's be friends， let's hang out some。

 and just put them in the friend zone。 You do that a few times。 H out with them for coffee。

 go out for drinks with them。 don't。Sleep with them。 Okay。

 don't sleep with them unless you want that friendship to end。

 as well as its perks and just start building a social circle of beautiful women。

 Then all you have to do is like， hey， let's all go out。 And every time you go out。

 you just roll with all these beautiful fucking women。 Okay， that's the easiest way。

 But if you don't have a social circle。And， you know。

 you need to get in at first to build that social circle。

 the easiest way to just grab girls off the fucking line。 Okay。

 A lot of guys try doing it from the street。 They're like， okay。

 I need girls to get in and they kind of run around the streets of the city trying to convince women to go to that club。

 like hey， excuse me。 Do you guys want to go to this club and a lot of people already have plans。

 it's just， I mean， the chances of that working are very， very low。 Okay， instead。

 show up when there's like a nice line。 when it's like prime time of the night。

 and just get girls off the fucking line。 They're already going in the club。 you know。

 why make things harder than they need be。 Now， when you do this。

 be careful that the bouncers don't see you。 especially if youre already rocked up to the door alone。

 you're like， oh， just us。 and they're like， nope， even on the guest list， nope，'re like， okay， well。

 some of my friends are coming。 know， female friends， Let me just text them。

 walk off and like subtly pick them off the line。 Okay， now。

 the way to do this is to walk up to you know， a group of girls in the line and just be like oh。

 is it just the two of you。Just very authoritative。 You know， like。

 as if you work there or something like， oh， are you just the two of you or you just the three of you wait for the response。

 You shallll be like， yeah， we' oh actually， there's three of us like， okay， come。Like that。

 is if you work there， as if you're a promoter who's like picking girls off the line。

 It's like you walk through the line， you're like， is it just you two， come with me。

And usually that'll work。 And the girls's like oh， just grab the hand。

 walk up to the front of the line and then just wash and repeat the steps we previously discussed。

 like， oh， it's just the X amount of us。 you know， my buddy and I。

 these girls we're on this dude's guest list， bang and that'll massively increase your chances of getting in。

 If the girls don't want to come。 you can always try bribing them with drinks。 can be like， oh。

 sorry， listen， my friends from out of town。 you really wants to go this club。 please。

 know our friendss already inside like can you just please just walk us in。

 will'll buy you drinks inside。 we'll you drink what's inside， please， please， please。

 please and that'll work as well。And the last option， if it doesn't， is to bribe your way in。

 bribe the doorman， bribe the bouncer， bribe whoever's working there to get it。 Okay， it's not ideal。

 but sometimes there's just no way around it。 And it is cheaper than buying a bottle or a table。

 sometimes to you have to bribe your way。 And at first， to build certain connections。

 But just make sure that if you do bribe。 It's either a onetime thing。

 or you're doing it to build connections。 And there is you know， an endlined in sight。

 It's not just endless fucking bribing。Now the way you bribe is do it discreetly and subtly。 okay。

 don't be like， oh excuse me。 Well， how would if I give you some money in front of everyone or they're gonna say no。

 usually get the main guy to the side。 you can sometimes do the bouncers or secondary guys。

 but it depends if you were denied a lot by the main guy if the he sees you go behind his back。

 he's not gonna let you in。 So usually just take the main guy to the side like oh when you walk by like can I just to ask you something and usually I'll say something along the lines of listen。

 you know my friend is from out of town or if I'm by myself like hey。

 you know I came here from out of town know I just really want to go here everyone just keep talking this place up is there any way we can make this happen。

 is there any way I can help you help me out。pause and kind of hint at it and usually you know they'll be okay with it。

 They'll be like oh how much you have， you be like， oh how much you want。

 he'll just tell you the number。 usually it's about 20 per person。

 sometimes they can go up to 4050 if it's like a really good venue and then just usually have the cash on hand。

 sometimes you can just give it him directly oftentimes he'll tell you walk off get the fucking cash he comes up like here bang and then just be ready to walk in directly that's your last resort。

 if you know working the guestless angle， the girl's angle， if that doesn't work， then fucking bribe。

 And actually too， if they're a little hesitant on the bribe something you can also say is oh this person just referencing one of the promoters or managers。

 know whatever name you looked up online， you can say like oh yeah。

 that person just told me to show up and give you this that'll help as well some other tricks。

 know these are a little bit more risky but they do work especially if you're like。

Say two groups of two and two guys get in， get two guys that get in。

 get stamped and then have one come out and you can just like wet your wrist and try to get a bit of the stamp on your wrist and then smear it a bit you could try drawing this stamp on your wrist and smearing it again it's a little bit more risky but it does work or you could get your friends to going in first。

And then come out while you're in line waiting and say， oh， they're just with me。

 it's just those two。 And since they're already in。

 it may help you know grease the process of the bounce being like， okay， fuck it。

 go in as well because if you're friends with cool people oftentimes， it means you're cool too。

 So you can always try those angles there too。 And on top of that in the long run。

 I'd say build connections。 befriend the doormen， befriend the bouncers， befriend the promoters。

 befriend the managers， just befriend everyone there because once， I mean。

 you're on the in and they know who you are there's just no more hassle。

 you don't have to worry about working the door， even grabbing girls。

 you just fucking show up and you're let in now this does require a lot of time and effort。

 it's usually gonna take about a month or so of you going out every single day See the same people over and over and over again till they remember who the fuck you are But you know。

 since you're already doing the 30 minutes， minimum per day， it shouldn't be that hard。To do but。

Yeah， I mean， this is massively worth it， especially if you're not traveling that much。

 If you live somewhere and you're gonna go out a lot and you're committed to this， make this happen。

 go out， start befriendending them。 get promoters' numbers。 this is what I did in Los Angeles。

 I got all the promoters numbers and I text them every time I go out like hey。

 I'm rolling in with all these girls what's the good venue for tonight and they tell me and I'd show up。

 grab girls off the line and try to have them see me walk in with girls。 like I'd walk up like hey。

 it's me I texted you with these two girls cut right in if they're not outside。

 I'd get in using their name with the girls， once I see them inside like hey man。

 thanks you know I got in with my girls。 A place。 know sometimes even if I didn't get in。

 I'd text them like hey man， thanks for last night， got in with my you know five girls。

 It was fucking awesome just start pumping that to the promoters because they get paid on how many girls get in and once you do that a lot like every fucking night you're going out。

 text them and bring girls in or even if you see them out in the club。Start throwing girls at them。

 They're just going to start letting you in。 Okay then you can chat up those promoters or your friends。

Chat the bouncers once you're in。 Okay， the best form of bribery too is once you're in and you're leaving the club。

 That's when you brribe the bouncer。 like， hey， man， thanks for tonight。 bang。

 and give him some cash。 Okay， because you， you give it when you don't even need to give it。

 It's like you don't even need anything from him。 You're not trying to get in。

 like you have some cash to get in。 You're already in。 So it's just like full a here， man， you know。

 it'll help you know， for him to remember your face and learn everyone's name as well。

You do this again， do it for 30 days plus go all out and you will have access to the best fucking venues。

