# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：2.你想什么就什么_2. You Are What You Think：9不要为了验证而这样做_09. Don't Do It For The Validation【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， be careful in terms of motivation not to do it for the validation。 now， as I discussed before。

 this can be good at times。 you know， if you're stuck in a low level thinking paradigm， But overall。

 this is something that you want to move away from in the long run。

 and some examples of this would be， you know guys going up to girls trying to get good reactions to fuel their ego。

 know， it's like， oh， look， how much she fucking liked me。 this means I'm a better person。 know。

 or're trying to fix their inner wounds with women， know， which we also previously discussed。

 guys will do this to seem cool in front of their friends， or even seem cool in front of themselves。

 You know， it's like I just want the you know female validation， and this is bad， Okay， now。

 why is that？ Well， on one level， it's unsustainable。

 if you're going out and you're basing your motivation on external stimulus。

 as opposed to basing it on internal fulfillment。 you're basing it on the girl's reactions to you。

 You're basing it on that validation。 On one hand， it's always going to be out of your control。

 Okay because you can never really fully control someone's reactions to you and your nights are gonna be pretty much up to luck。

 You know， sometimes it'll go well。 Sometimes it won't。 And on the other hand， it's just too fucking。

 shaky。 it's a shaky form of motivation。 It's too fluctuating。

 You'll go out and you'll have awesome reactions。 And yeah， you're gonna feel motivated。

 you're gonna be like， hell， yeah， until you don't Okay， things are going well。 And then they don't。

 and then you're just fuck。 Okay， so it's a temporary form of motivation。 And if this is your。

 your source， like this is your leverage to go out and take action。

You're not gonna have amazing interactions。 Okay， Why is that， As we previously discussed。

 a woman wants to see who you are and she's gonna be spending a lot of time with you to get a sense of that through the behavioral cues and she's gonna throw a little bit of bullshit at you just to see how you deal with it。

 She's like， okay， is this guy fulfilled is he on his purpose and path I he grounded I he solid let me see if I throw some bullshit。

 I he still this person。 And if you're like， hell yeah， I'm doing well。

 and then you get a little bit of bullshit。 You're like fuck and you're gonna feel like shit you're gonna be shit yourself。

 and she's be like this guy sucks done。 your interactions are gonna suck your nights are gonna suck As I mentioned before。

 they're up to luck。 you'll go out， you'll get some good reactions。

 and then you don't and then you just lose your motivation and you go home and just even on a macro level and you're not gonna be able to survive plateaus。

 the way usually ten of progress is you have a little breakthrough。 you're like holy shit。

 And then you lose。Okay， and then you have to slowly build back up to that level。

 And then you just stagnate。 we call this a plateau where you're just going out and nothing's really getting worse。

 but nothing's really getting better。 Okay， and this can last sometimes a week。

 but sometimes a month or months。 And you're like， oh my God， oh my God， my God。

 And then after a while， like once you reach the end of the plateau。

 That's when you have your next breakthrough。 then you lose it， you build back up。 plateau。

 breakthrough， lose it， build back up plateau so on and so forth。 And if you're just like。

 want better reactions I want reactions， I want reactions。

 and you have that fucking plateau where guess what？ it just kind of remaining the same。

 You're not getting the better reactions。 You're not fuel in your ego， which is like more and more。

 more， more and more。 you're just gonna give up， you're gonna get frustrated and you're done。 Okay。

 And the last thing I'd say too。Is it's unsustainable Why。

 because you get bored of those good reactions。 Okay， you become numb to them with time。

 If you're a new guy and you're watching this now， you may be thinking shit， man。 if。

 if a girl walked up to me and just told me she liked me， I would feel so awesome。

 And it may be true at first。 if a girl walks up to you。 She's like， hey， you're awesome。

 you're gonna be like， hell， yeah， you're gonna feel motivated and just happy。

 But imagine this happened to you 10 times a day for the next 10 fucking years。😊。

Okay are you still be like， oh my God， Yes， hellll no。 after a while， you're like。

 just shut the fuck up leave me alone。 Okay， you'll just be numb to it。 So again。

 you can't base your motivation on you know that validation， if you will。

 It also creates a very desperate， needy attached to the outcome lower value type of vibe， know。

 which is extremely repelling to women。 Okay， like desperation and neediness is just the worst why because you're going up and you need those good reactions。

 And if you don't get them you're just fuck， and she can just sense that off you。

 It's like you're going up， you're like give me the good reactions give me the good reactions。

 instead of just offering fun and offering value。 you're trying to take value And just by the fact that you need those good reactions from her is's putting you down here and putting her up there and she can just sense you're coming from a place of lower value and lower value。

 of course， At that's gonna to repel her too。Okay， and your interactions are not going to be natural。

 they're going to be very button pushy， okay I had a client actually a couple weeks ago in Miami。

And on the first day of the program， he goes up and he's like just very， you know。

 trying to push pokeke for reactions。 Let's just say， okay， he's like， hey， what about this。

 what about this。 And you can just sense like the neediness in his eyes between what he's saying。

 it's like He's going up and he's like saying something to the girl waits for the reaction。

 And if the reaction is good。 he feels good。 And if it isn't， he feels like shit。 Okay， instead。

 you should be motivating yourself feeling good。 And then that transfers on the girl。

 It's not like this robotic button pushing desperate type of vibe。 by doing this as well。

 your interactions has become too much of a big deal。 Okay， remember。

 as we also previously discussed。 you want to be not the provider but the lover。 know。

 it's like you're going in。 you're just fun。 you're carefree， the girl can sense that off of you。

 And then she'll be carefree yourself。 She'll have fun and she'll sleep with you。

 If you're going up and you're like here we go。 know， it's like my identity。

 like how I feel about myself， my motivation is all based on her reaction。😊，Yeah。It's。

 it's way too serious。 It's not carefree at all。 Okay， an example of this， too。

 just to take it even further。 This is an extreme form of just motivation through validation is guys who keep lists of the girls they sleep with。

 You know， it's like， they'll go out。 they'll sleep with the girl。 They're like， yes。

 one more on the list。 Then they sleep on another one's like， oh， another one。 You know。

 it's like another notch on the bed post。 and that's their motivation there。 Now。

 a couple things with the list。 Okay， first of all， if you keep a list。😊，Delete it。 Okay。

 just delete that list。 And you may have trouble deleting it too。

 like it may be on your computer now。 and I'm telling you like delete it right， fucking now。

 you're gonna have that resistance like oh no， if I delete it like the list is part of who I am。

 It tells me who I am。 and that's just horrible so if you gonna have that fucking feeling delete it now。

 And secondly， the list is like the worst criteria in the world。

 why because if your goal is to have like to sleep with a lot of women。

 you could just go and fuck like 2000 you know， unattractive women。 now your list is high。

 It's like how many you sleep with2000 fuck and it's like it's horrible you'll also you know by keeping a list you won't really enjoy the women you're sleeping with。

 It's more so like just a means to an end。 like you'll have more fun writing her name down in the list and actually sleeping with her。

 and I know this because I've done it myself in the beginning。

 and like I used to keep a list and I was like， yes， like I sleep。

And I'm like as long as I can just get inside of her， it counts as sex and I can add her to the list。

 And like my joy is just adding her name to the list。 and then just looking at the list and me like。

 yeah it's just pathetic it's pathetic lower value again like it's this big deal。

 And you really just start viewing women as means to an end。

 you can't even enjoy the interaction' like I just want to get to sex。

 And once you sleep with them you won't even keep seeing them because you're like man。

 I could go on a day with her but that' would be like a waste of time when I could get another girl on the list so delete the list pickup should not be a big deal。

 sex should not be a big deal the best counter example to this is if you ever watch the TV show Californialiation the main character Hannk moody in there he sleeps with tons of gorgeous women does he keep a list。

 Would you see that guy like sleeping with a girl like oh yes， one more in the list。

 F no for him it's just part of who he is。 It's a。It's just like， of course， you know。

 it's not like it's this big ordeal。 The same as an interaction。 Okay， don't make it a big deal。

 And if you do it for the validation you are， There's a quote from John Paul Getty， where he says。

🎼If you can actually count your money， then you're not a rich man。

 and the same here applies for women。 Okay， above a certain limit， it just doesn't matter。

 You should just stop counting from the start。 Okay， and challenge yourself to do this。

 You know even going out。 I sometimes make clients do this。

 You know who are really caught in that way of thinking。

 to go out and just one night no phone numbers and no sex， no matter what。 so you're stuck there。

 And you have all these women， you have to interact with。 And no matter how well it goes。

 you can't get their number， and you can't sleep with them。 There is no outcome， there is no end。

 if you will。 And that'll force you to just solely focus on the process， not the results。

 and just have fun to have fun。 You know， it's not trying to get something out of it。

 It's just enjoy you know， talking to the girl， enjoy building an interaction with her。

 enjoy having fun， also just by yourself。 You know， you don't need the girl。 You shouldn't need her。

 You want her。 Yes。😊，But if you don't get her， you're still enough。 Okay。

 you should be fulfilled alone。 And the girl's just the bonus。 Okay， and by doing this， too。

 funny enough， your interactions are going to be way， way better。

 And you are going to get those good reactions。 Okay， why？ Because once you feel like you're enough。

 you're fulfilled and you start interacting with a woman。Because you literally want nothing from her。

 There's zero neediness at all。 Shell automatically want more from you than you want from her。

 And that's gonna to cause her to chase and give you those good reactions anyway。

 I really think that a lot of guys have trouble letting go of doing this for the validation because they try to seek a certain completion through this。

 You know， they try to seek completion and seek happiness。 You know。

 you think that once you'll sleep with X amount of women。

 You will be complete and happy and that is wrong。 Okay， that is just a bullshit。

 socially conditioned belief。 Okay， society is always conditioning us to feel incomplete。 Okay。

 consumer society。 and。You know， guys go up and they're like， man。

 if I could just get X amount of girls to like me， I'll feel complete。

 If I could get X amount of girls to sleep with me， I'll feel complete。

 This is why even when I tell you to delete the list， you're gonna to feel like a little part of you。

 just fucking died。 you know， and all you have to realize is that you know。

 getting all those girls is never going to complete you。 no matter how much validation you get。

 it's never going to change who you are。 Okay， and the same with happiness。 You know， guys are like。

 well， if I could get X amount of women to like me or to love me。

 that could mean I could finally like or love myself。 Okay， and that to the answer is no。 Okay。

 when you， you'll realize soon enough that it didn't work。 Okay， and also realize。

 and this is huge that you know， for you to get those women， you're gonna have to， you know。

Get them off that pedestal of thinking that they're， you know， the miracle cure。 Okay。

 so let's just say right now， I asked you， would you feel happier to have a harem of 10 of the most beautiful women in the world。

 You know， if you're normal， you'd say， oh， yes， Of course， You know。

 if I could have 10 women who are just， you know， always around me at my ham。

 I'd sleep with all of them。 I would seem cool。 I would feel awesome， I would be happy。

 I would be complete。😊，But for you to get those women， you can't place so much importance on it。

 So even if you do get them， they won't bring you that same happiness or sense of completion。

 so it's never going to work。 you have to realize that you are enough from the start。

 never aim to be complete and realize she is never going to complete you Okay you have to complete yourself。

 and you do that through your actions not her reactions。 they're never going to change you。

 it's your actions， it's the you doing that changes you。 and ideally。

 it's the you doing that should make you feel good。 it's like there's a girl， it's like。

 oh I approach Oh my God， I'm doing it。 it's like you going up， your actions pump you up。 It's not。

 oh， she reacted well。 and that's the stuff you remember。 it's like it's the interaction。

 It's not the sex。 know， the sex or the good reactions are awesome。 know， fucking go for it。

 Of course， but they're pretty much like a good meal。

 if you look back at your life like some of the best restaurant。

OnceYou've been like all those nice meals。I doubt't you remember that many。You know。

 even if you've been in this for a while and you went out and you made something happen with a girl。

 the interactions you really remember， you know， or the sex you really remember。

 let's just say those girls are the ones where the interaction was epic。

 Like you did something you hadn't done before。 You pushed yourself。 You're like， damn， like。

 fuck yeah， Like that was the good part。 It's not just the sex。 we're jumping to the sex。 Okay。

 that's not what has an impact。 that's not really what you remember。 Overall。

 realize that your purpose cannot be your woman。 Okay， and this can sound confusing。 You're like。

 well， isn't that what， you know， we're in this for like to get the girl to fuck as many girls as possible。

 He， yeah， and the answer is no， okay， your purpose is not your woman。 It's you。

 don't do it for the girl do it for you。 focus on yourself。 focuscus on again。

 bettering yourselves a person becoming the best you can be。

 and trusting that the women will come just as a byproduct of that。

 Girl respond to guys with a spine。A strong purpose， a drive， a clear direction。

 a true north with boundaries， like strong personal boundaries。

 and you know who makes them feel good because he's feeling good by pursuing that purpose。

 okay they don't respond to you guys know who are very shaky who go through ups and downs because they're basing their purpose on something external like women。

 Okay， and if you do that， I'd also create a lot of resentment within know the women you interact with Okay if you want to find out more about this I suggest reading David Da's book the way of the superior man。

 you're doing this for you。 you're not doing it for the validation。

 you're not doing it for the girls， this is about the actions that you take。

 not the reactions that you get Okay， focus on the process， focus on yourself。

 and just assume that the results will come because they will。

 focus on bettering yourselves a person， becoming the best that you can be and。

That there is what should motivate you。