# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：8.故事_Stories：1.第一次的故事_1. First Time Stories【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Welcome to the story series。 This is a section that's actually quite personal to me as a lot of the stories I'm about to share with you right now are stories I've never actually put out before。

 Okay， I mean， yes， there are， you know a few you may recognize from some of my YouTube videos。

 but for the most part， these are stories I've only shared with my closest friends。 if that。

 you know， there are some I've actually never fucking put out before。 And know。

 what I thought I'd do here is just put them out in three videos。 You know。

 there's the first time stories， which you're about to watch now。 the dating。

 beautiful women's stories and the crazy epic stories。😊，And these are really the stories that。

 you know， shaped who I am， shaped my game， shaped my life。

 and the purpose of these stories are to consolidate everything that you learned in shift。 You know。

 you went through all the chapters， you know it all。 And with these real life examples， you know。

 from my own life， It'll help you understand， like how to apply this to your own life。

 It'll inspire you as well， and it'll make it just very relatable。 Okay。

 remember what one man can do， another man can do。 And especially in this first video here， you know。

 the first time stories， which are all my my first time， you know， like first time out， first open。

 You know， first date， first lay， You know， my breakthroughs， if you will， in the game。

 You'll see that I'm a guy just like you， You know， I never started out。😊，Killing it。

 I went through all this hassle。 You know， a lot of the same plateaus or sticking points you're going to face as well。

 you know， embarking on this pur。 And， I mean， this is what I want， you know。

 from these videos for you。 Okay， so sit back， enjoy， always be thinking。

 how can you associate the concepts from shift to what I'm sharing with you here， be inspired and。😊。

Really try to connect these stories to your life as well if you can。 You know。

 if you're going out and you have trouble opening and I share my side of when。

 when I was dealing with that， you should make the connection like shit。 You know。

 like it gives you a nice sense of unity。 Okay， so I'll start with。😊，Basically， my first time out。

 which was alone。 Okay， first time out alone。 This was after I found out about the game。 Okay。

 remember， I read the book the game。 I had no idea about what the fuck it was。

And that really changed my life。 And I remember I was like， oh my God， the game。

 And it really was my Bible。 And I would just read it， and I reread it and reread it and。😊，You know。

 like highlighting little passages。 there were， there were routines， you know， techniques。

 She like the best friend test。 I'm like， oh like write that down。

 And I decided to look it up online。 And I remember I found this old school forum， you know。

 called fast deuction。 And like， I was like， oh my God。 And you saw the characters from the game。

 posting on there。 And I was like， this is awesome。 So I started just reading through that。

 And getting all these memorized lines， stories， routines， material。 Okay， that's how I started out。

😊，And after a while， I'm like， you know what， let's put this to the test， you know。

 let's go out and I remember I was in。In Switzerland， and I locked myself up。

 and I was just memorizing these routines。 So I had one that was my main opener。 And it was the。

 you know， it was called the David Bowie opener where you walk up to a girl and you're like， hey。

 I need a female opinion。My younger sister just got a poster of David Bowie up on her wall。

 He's an old guy。 right， Is that weird， Do girls like old men， You know， do you like old men。

 Like that's the open。 And because in Switzerland， I decided to change it to Jenelli Day。

 a French rock star instead， whos you know， oldest fuck， too。 So I had that。

 And I remember I was memorizing it。 And it felt so weird。 I was like， okay。Excuse me。

 May I have a female opinion。 Excuse me。 May I have a female opinion。 then stack this。

 then stack this。 And I said it probably like 100 times just to get it straight。 And then I was like。

 okay， now once that works， you're gonna stack it to the next routine And that was the best friends test where you ask them。

 by the way， are you guys best friends。 They're like， oh yeah， you're like， oh， that's so cool。

 And they're like， well， how do you know， you're like， you know， you have the same you know。

 facial mannerisms， facial expressions Like， for example。

 you both look at each other before talking back and they look at each other and you're like， see。😊。

So I like memorized that， and I really started to view and pick is like you can just memorize everything and just walk up and like spew the script and get girls。

So I went out and I was like， very like， helly， yeah let's do the shit。

 And I lived quite far away from the city。 You know， I lived in a small farm town of 650 people。

 It's a little over 700 now。 This is 8 years ago。 So I went。 I had to walk to the train station。

 Take the train。 It was like 30 to 45 minutes。You know， journeyourney to the city。

And I arrived there during the day because I was too scared to go to an nightclub。

 like scared shitless， and I remember I started walking around I'm like， okay。Let's make this happen。

 And I noticed I wouldn't see any girls at first。 You know。

 it's like my mind would kind of block it off or like find excuses where it's like， oh， you know。

 she's not hot enough。 Oh， that's not the type of girl you want。 I was looking for that perfect girl。

 And I walked around for an hour like that。 Just not finding a girl who was good enough。 or。

 or the circumstances were bad。 like， oh， she's hot， but。That one's， you know。

 she's with her friends and shit。 they're in a bookstore。 I just skip through it。 And an hour passed。

 I need't do shit I like， okay， you know， I fuck it just just at least open one。

 And then I just realized I fucking couldn't。 You know。

 it's like the the emotions started taking over。 It's like， no， no， no， no， no and。You know。

 I would see a girl like， okay， open her。And I couldn't， and she would pass。

 And that feeling of just like。Resistance， like， like resisting。

 taking right action and then just feeling disappointed by the fact that you resisted it。

 and by being disappointed， you start beating yourself up。 You're like， you suck。

 there's like the the negative the negative self dialoguelog there。

 It was just like such a downhill spiral。 And I stayed another hour or two out and not doing shit。

 just like， like in this very like low vibration state of mind。 And then I took the train home。

 And that was like this one of the saddest moments ever。 Like I remember sitting that train。

 I was like。You suck。You know，And that was me in the beginning， you know， I went out。

A few times after that。 And I just couldn't， you know， And I tried baby steppingping it as well。

 I'm like， okay， well， fuck using the David Bowie， just ask for time and ask anyone， you know。

 even old ladies and I couldn't do that I couldn't do like small talk， you know， like， oh。

 nice weather， isn't it， I couldn't do shit， you know， and it was a horrible feeling。 However。

 I really stuck at it， You know， for me it was I really viewed it like。

 it's really life or death and I didn't really give a shit if， if it was so painful。

 Like I would tolerate the pain。 And it was really， how much pain， you know， am I willing to take is。

 is my mind is my， is my identity， is my ego willing to take before I let go， You know。

 So that's how I viewed it。 It wasn't wasted enough time。 It wasn't， oh， I suck。 It was like。Keep it。

 you know， barreling the fuck up， more pain， more pain。 at some point。

 it'll be enough leverage for me to just， you know， break， you know， break loose。

 break free and take action。 So that was my first time out alone。 And many times after that alone。

 okay， and。After a while， I realized that， you know。

 I still sucked and this was gonna to take forever。 And you know， apparently。

 my fucking ego could take a lot of fucking pain。 Okay， so I decided to go out with wings。 Okay。

 and this is my， my next first time。 It's first time out with wings。

And I went out and this was at the same place， so I went online and found this Swiss community there were like five to  ten0 guys on it。

And I show up and there's like five guys。 Sorry， there were three guys when I showed up。

 and they were weird a shit。 That was my first impression。 I remember I was like， oh。

 they're so weird。 what。 And I was actually more embarrassed being seen with them than getting rejected by a girl in the street。

So there were three guys。 One guy was 15， like a kid， an actual kid taller than me with a pink boa。

 another short， weirdish guy and then a normalish kind of weirdish guy， too。

 So I remember immediately， the first thing that went through my mind is。Shit， these guys are weird。

 This is not how you imagine， you know， pick up artists to be Ca， because that happened。

 I read the book， and I was really imagining like MPs， like these gods。

 like these guys who are a thousand times cooler than me flying through the air。

 fucking all these girls。 And I see these guys who are very nerdy。 And I'm like， shit。

That that's interesting。 So it kind of killed， you know， psyching myself out。

Then I was paired up with the weirdest one， the kid with the Boa。 and I remember we we went out。And。

The other two went off on their own as groups of two。

 and we were gonna meet up at the the end of the afternoon。

 So he would open some girls in front of me。 He's like， do you want to go first like， hell no。

 And you would open all these girls。 And they were， they were younger。

 So I'd just kind of sit back and just kind of watch him do his thing。 And it wasn't very special。

 You know， it wasn't this spectacular magic or anything。 It was just like him chatting girls。😊。

And我ば h。I could do this， you know， So I kind of grounded it in my reality。 And by being there， too。

 And this is the little bit of leverage that was missing for me to really take action for me。

 it gave me the impression like I didn't have a choice。 You know， it's like if I'm out alone。

 I can tolerate a lot of pain。 and that's fine。 But here I'm with this group。

 And even though they're nerds， I wanted to kind of live up to the standard。

 And everyone was approaching but me。 And I remember we spent like two hours and I was really doing nothing。

 And then at the end， we were walking back to meet up with the two last， the two guys。

And there were like two girls walking down the street。

 And it literally was the last chance to do something before he met up And me having to say， well。

 I didn't do anything。 I just watched him the entire time。 So I was like， fuck it。 And I opened。

And it was one of those surreal experiences。 You know， kind of like if you're。Like， you know。

 at the pool。 and you're like jumping off like the diving board。 And it's like really， really high。

 you're like， oh my God。 And then you just fucking do it。 And like in the air。

 it's like the time slows down。 you're like， oh shit。 And then afterre like hell yeah。

 It was literally like that。 It like they're walking。 I'm like， excuse me。

 It was like an oh shit moment。 And and they stopped and I remember like， wow， they stopped。

 I'm like oh， you know， poster of Ju did。 It was just so autopilot because I'd said it so many times practicing。

 And they're like， oh， yeah， I guess， I guess that's， that's cool。 maybe a little bit weird。 I mean。

 you know， I'm sure she's not attracted。 She's just find his music good。 I'm like， cool。 anyway。

 you guys best friends。 They're like， oh yeah， I'm like cool bounced out。 that was 30 seconds。 Hey。

 Ju fucking best friends gone。 That was my first open。😊，And I remember that very clearly。

 One girl was blonde。 One was a brunette。 I really liked the brunette。 It like it's this 30 seconds。

 So8， over 8 years ago， I still remember。 I'm like， I really， really liked that brunette。

 And I bounced out。 and I was just ecstatic。 Like that was one of the。😊，Happiest moments ever。

 once again， I had very realistic expectations。 Like， I knew I sucked anything better。

 I was so happy。 And for me， that was literally literally like jumping off that fucking diving board。

 I was like， I did it and。😊，And in my mind， too， is like， oh， and I did it better than this guy。

 You didn't even use the routines that I did。 You know， a little bit of ego there。

 But that was my first open。 And then from there， I was just hooked on it。 You know。

 I did it was there was only a plus side from having taken action there。

 So that was my first time out with wings and my first open。 from there。 my first date。

 This was a little while after that。 I'd started getting， you know。

 a few numbers and texting them And none would really meet up with me， you know。

 I'd go out just spit on my routines basically I was very friend to friend than I get the number。

 And there wasnt not much purpose or intention behind it。 It was more so can of you number。

 They're like， oh， sure。😊，And finally， one girl agreed。I I was so happy and then very， very stressed。

 So I remember。Get a meet up with her at a bar and I was like， oh my God oh my God。

 and I finally show up and she shows up and she brought a friend with her。Now。

 I didn't mind it at all。 I was just happy a fucking girl showed up。

 And I remember the the thing that really stood out from that date was she was not as hot as I remembered。

 And this actually happened a few times after that as well。

 And I realized how my mind would play tricks where say I was talking to a girl and it was going very well。

 to kind of boost my ego and really like get the validation from it。 I would just my R S， you know。

 my selective focus would just focus on all the good things and just over exaggerated。

 Like she was so beautiful。 She was so perfect。 She was the dream girl， you know。

 like even me remembering now that first open of the blonde girl and her bruette friend。

 I'm over blowlowing the bruette massively。 You know， if I saw now， I'd be like like what。

 But at the time， it's like she was the one， you know， So I。😊，I noticed that。

 and I also noticed like really a lot of my motivation at the time。 you know。

 this is in the beginning was the validation。 You know， it was fueling my ego。

 like we went to a bar with her friend。 And I remember one of my friends was at that bar with his girlfriend。

 And I had no idea。 And I was known as like the shy guy。

 I was really not known as being good with women at all。 And then he saw me out。 And he's like。

 what the fuck like me with two girls。 And I remember I had more fun just like trying to be all cool with the two girls kind like subtly staring over like look at me。

 mother fuck。 So that was just very interesting， but that was my first dates。 And of course。

 nothing happened。 And of course， I didn't sleep with her。Okay。First mix set。

This is a group where there's girls and guys。 you know， it's on just girls。 And for me。

 I really never had trouble with that， you know， mainly because I started off with routines。

 you know， I started off going out and asking like for opinions and spewing these stories and it wasn't man to woman like I wasn't putting my real personality out there。

 I wasn't letting her know that I was attracted to her。 It was more so just friendly chat。

So the guys really had no reason to be pissed， no reason to be offended。

 it wasn't like I was going to steal their girls， it was just me being some entertaining clown pretty much。

So I didn't get the girls。 nothing would ever happen。 but on the plus side。

 it kind of got me used to interacting with guys as well。 It kind of got rid of that fear。

 like there's guys in the group。 And I also realize， you know， a lot these guys are just like you。

 you know， they're not these scary monsters， which， you know。

 it's kind of easy to fall into that way of viewing them when you get into pickup。 You're like。

 the guys are the enemies。 They're gonna kill me。 They're not to get me。 It it's like， no dude。

 they're just like you。 they're just human。 I mean， of course。You know， some guys may get aggressive。

 some guys may feel very protective or in scarcity But for the most part， Again， they're just guys。

 if you do encounter anything， it' like， oh， sorry， it just bounce the fuck out。 But but yeah。

 thank God， I I mean， for me that that was the plus side。 It was just like， never really a fear。

 But again， it was very friend of friend。 And this brings me to my first plateau。

And that is that or sticking point， if you will， and that is that I was very friend to friend。

 It's like with these routines， I would get all these interactions and get some numbers。

 I'd get a lot of girls reacting very well。But I would never sleep with any。 Like there。

 there was no actual results。 It wasn't sexual。 And that was my big same point。 It's like。

 I couldn't put my real self out there。 I couldn't let the girl know that I liked her。 You know。

 it's like my whole game is just trying to go up and being very。Interesting， being very fun。

 being very charismatic。 Just like like doing my thing， hoping that the girl just like。😊。

Hit on me basically like stuff my dick or something。 But which you could sense。

 it wasn't coming from a frame of expression。 It was more so an insecure you know， state of mind。

 it coming from a very insecure place。So that was a big sticky point。

I finally broke through that later， and that's when I got my first delay。

 and this is actually the time I lost my virginity。 I was 18。 remember。

This is a long fucking I found out about this eight and a half years ago， so I was 18 a virgin。

 and I remember I went on this school trip， as was my last year of high school。School trip to Prague。

And with another class from my school。 And this girl who， who I kind of had a crush on。

Was in that class。 and I would do whatever I could to talk to her during that school trip。

 So I remember we'd go out and I kind of see like where she's going out and I try to go out to the same place with my class。

 And I was so sad Sometimes wed go to other places。 I was like， oh I want to go where she's going。

 I was too scared to talk to her。 I just kind like stare like， there she is。 And finally， it was。

 it was one night。 I just gathered the balls like I started in the hotel at the end of the night and I SAT down we start talking。

And I remember I I spewed out。 there was this routine called the cube。

 and I started doing like the cube on her。 You can Google that。

And and then on the bus ride back as we took a bus there from Switzerland， I somehow SAT next to her。

 like， I think the seat freed up or something。 And I asked for a number。 and I was like， oh my God。

And。Invite her out for drinks on a date and bounce her back to my place。 You know， I was。

 I was living。 and you you'll hear about these stories， too。

 like 30 minutes through the 30 minute walk away from dark deserted fields。 You know。

 in the farmland of Switzerland。 So I invited her back to my place。 Watch a movie I'm like。

 do you wantan to watch a movie。 Like， I never pulled a girl back there ever。 And she's like， sure。

 I was like， really， And we walk through all the fields。 And we get there。 And I fuck her。 you know。

 and this is my first time ever。 And I remember I was like， I was super psyched。 I was like。

 oh my God。 And she's like， wait， wait， wait， she even stop。😊，Is this your first time？

 And I was like trying so hard to be cool。 I'm like， oh， no， no， I just。

 I just haven't done this in a while。And she's like， okay， I mean， either。 And I was like。

 And I was like， oh my God， is this， is this the hole。 And then， And then I fucked her。

 And that was me losing my virgity。嗯。From there first time fucking my dream girl。

 this actually happened， I think a week after， like it was a very， it was a very snowball effect。

 It's like I fuck this girl。 And this really gave me permission to be man to woman。

 Like this is me blasting through that sticking point。 that plateau， if you will。

 of being very friend to friend。And。And I was like， oh shit， like I can actually do this， you know。

 and there was a girl at a crush on since I was 12 years old， you know。

 she lived in in my town in Switzerland， she was always like the one， you know。

 like if you if you have like oneus， like that main girl like in your school like it was her。

And I had her number， and I texted her， and I pretty much put it through the same process。

 like I just put her through the fucking funnel， if you will， of that I did on this girl。

 I invite out for drinks。Invited her back to watch a movie at my place。 And things happened。

 And I just， and I fucked her， you know， And this one is really surreal。

 Like it was literally a week after。 I'm like， oh my God in two weeks， Two girls from Virgin。

 And And plus it was my my dream girl。 And I was like， like as was fucking I was like。

 I can't believe this is happening。 And。On top of that as well， she had a boyfriend at the time who。

 who would go the same school。 And and I remember that was like， that was so wacky。 Like at the end。

 I was like， like it was just too， too it was it was a very strong， emotional high。

So that was very intense， but the thing I really learned from that is。So much of that。

 like the whole One eyeest dream girl overbllowing the girl in your mind is just really validation and ego boost。

Cause as soon as I fucked her was like， she just lost all that。 I was just like， yeah， you know。

 it wasn't like the one anymore。 It's like， well， you got her。 now what， you know。

 So I realized that and。I also started。 I mean， one thing to learn from this， too。

 is I was from the start， really bought into this。Abundant frame of mind and really pursuing my end goal。

 You know， its like infinite possibilities。 A lot of guys， they would， you know。

 they'd get into this。 And the first girl they sleep with， they would just latch on her For me。

 the first girl， it was like that first goal to the end goalss。 You know， I was like。

More like it it I was like really like fully bought in， seeing myself going all out。

 I don't want to settle for anything less。 So even from there， I'd sleep with the。

 the dream girl and Id sleep with like a bunch of other girls after that。

 I would go all out in that way， in that sense there。Next one is my first bathroom pool。

 is actually my first one night stand as well。I was in a club in Switzerland。

 and it was with this girl， and it was going so well。 okay， I。Ma out with her。

 she was super turned on and I was like shit man， I'm going to get this girl's number and I'm going to invite her out on a date and I'm going to put her through my little you know process of just bouncing her back to my place for a movie that was all my results up until then it was me getting these girls numbers and then inviting them to watch a movie at my place and like pulling them through the fields。

So this girl is like， I'm going to do that and then my wing comes up and he's like， dudeude。

Pull her in the bathroom now。And I mu told that and was like， well。

 you' like to just pull in bathroom and fuck her。And every excuse popped in my mind。

 But what I realized there is he was right。 You know。

 it's like the right move is like she was so turned on。 the bind temperature was so high。

 The right move was to fuck her in the bathroom。 And what I realized is my mind。

Blocked off that option。 You know， if he hadn't told me， like as soon as he told me， I was like， oh。

 of course。 And I knew I would have thought of it， but my mind was blocking it off。 You know。

 I had a blind spot to it。 And I was like， shit， you know。

 like the importance of having a wing man with you or some like that external force， if you will。

 someone to point out。The blind spikes you have because when you're looking at yourself or the situation。

 you're in a very subjective headspace， so him being objective and not as attached。

 his ego is not on the line， his identity he not on the line， he can give you objective feedback。

And that was huge， you know， the importance of having a wing。And I was like， oh my God。

 And that was like， okay， I'm gonna do it。 And it really felt like that surreal， you know。

 jumping off the diving board moment again。 And I pulled her in the bathroom。 I come， come， come。

 come come and just walk her to the bathroom。😊，And this was in Switzerland。

 and there wasn't any like guy who like you know， gives you the soap and sometimes you have to bribe them to pull。

 so I could just pull her in。And I pulled her in， and I started fucking her a bathroom。 I was like。

 oh God， this's crazy。 And then was like knocking at the door。 And I was like， ignore it， ignore it。

 And I finish like as fast as I possibly could。And then we get dressed and I open the door。

 And this is like every， this is like your worst nightmare when pulling to a bathroom。

 Like it actually happened。 I open。 There's a huge bouncer。

 And there's the manager of the club in front of the door。 And I'm just like， like shit。 I， I'm done。

 I'm I'm getting kicked out of here。 And they they took the girl outside Its like， what happened。

 What happened。 And she was like， oh nothing。 And they look at me like， what happened here。

And I was like， oh， listen， her boyfriend just broke up with her and we needed someplace quiet to talk。

I don't know how I came up with that。 And the guy's like， fine。

 go and then I take her and we go back to dance floor。

 And I remember there's like the U condom on the floor to like， all you had to do is just look like。

 what's that。😊，So that was the first bathroom pool。 And that， that， I mean。

 also gave me so much permission。 Like a lot of this is just like。😊。

Breaking out of your comfort zone and just it's giving yourself permission。 you know。

 like after that， it would just get tons of one night stands。 but before that， I was just too scared。

 you know， and your mind does block it off。 My first time surrendering to the night。

 This was in Geneva and I went to this really， really like high end club and the girls there were just so beautiful。

😊，Now， with me going to Geneva and Switzerland， I had two options。 Okay， one。

 I could go out for a little while， go to a couple bars and then take the last train back to where I live。

 It's like a 40 ish，45 inh。Train ride。So I could do that and if I missed that train。

 I had to wait till you know， like 5 am the next day for the first train in the morning to go home。

So I remember I was there。 And I was like， this place is so good。 And I'd always just take the。

 the last train。 And this is the first time Im like， you know what， fuck it。

 Like the club closes before the first train。 And if nothing happens。

 I'm pretty much stuck in the street Still 5 AM。 I was like， you know what， fuck it。 Extra leverage。

 And this is my first time。 just really being like， you know what， let's just make it epic。 Like。

 let's make tonight， some epic story where there is no plan B， you know， it's all out。

 And I decided to just skip it。 And I was like， fuck it。😊，And I was one of my my friends。

 and they had to go home early， too。 So they left。 I was just stuck in the fucking venue。

 And I was with this really， really hot， blond girl。 And there's another guy hitting on her。

 But for me， it was just like all in baby。 like if they didn't work with her。

 I'm stuck in the fucking streets。 cold at night in Switzerland in Geneva waiting for the first train。

 So I went all out。 And that was such a freeing feeling。 It's just like， whatever happens。

 It'll be fucking epic。 And I pulled her。 know， it's like I pulled her。 she went with me and the guy。

 she was so hot。 like she's one of those， if you're watching this and you live in Geneva。

 like one of those really hot， hot 10 girls like from Geneva。 And。We went to her place。

 I fucked her and then I was like， well， I'm gonna bounce out， catch that train。

 And I remember I got out and we were literally like on the outskirts of Geneva。 You know。

 it's like we took a capture place and I'm like， where the fuck am I。And I had like， no cash on me。

 Nothing。 This is back in the day。 I didn't even have a GPS or anything。 I was just like， yeah。

 I don't even think I had a GPS。 I was just like fucking loss。 And I was like， oh my God。

 like running down the streets， trying to find the center of the city somehow。

 And I remember I was like， where the fuck am I。 But the feeling was just like so like。

 this is one hell of a story。 Like， this is a story I'll cherish， You know， this happened in Vegas。

 too。Where。I I told I was at immersion and there were like a bunch of students there。 And I was like。

 hey， go all out tonight till 8 AM。 if you don't pull you're stay out till 8 AM， no matter what。

 So it's like fully surrendering。 And you know， people would find themselves in this crazy epic situations。

 like even myself， like I woke up on the outskirts of Vegas。 my phone died。

 And I left and then I realized like my phone died。 I was like fuck。

 and I was literally in the middle of the desert。 like this little neighborhood。

 And I could see the strip far away。 And I'm like running through the fucking desert trying to get。

A taxi。 I mean， those the。That's an awesome feeling。 So that was my first time。

 really surrendering to the night。😊，My first date with the 10， this was in Los Angeles。

Before I moved there， though， I went there for。A little while， and I got this girl's number。

 was I was underage at the time， and I got this scrolls number。It was that this。

This bar that I managed to get into， like I had a fake ID that sometimes worked and it was this huge group of people and we got into that bar。

And I got this girl's number。 I killed it。 Like she was so， so， so， so hot。

 Like this is like your L A 10， like Geneva 10， L A 10。

 And I text certain she agreed to meet with me。 And I was like， oh。

 like the first time like a full on L10 agreed to me with me on a date。

 And I was freaked out of my mind。 of course， Im like， okay， gotta make this right。😊。

And I was too scared to tell I was underage。I think she was like 23。 So I was like， okay， you know。

 meet me at this bar。 So there was a bar that was a block down from where I was staying at the time。

 and I told her to meet me at 9 at that bar。So I show up there two hours before。 It was 7 PM。

 like for me， it was like whatever it took， like no， nothing would stand in my way。

 whatever obstacles， whatever excuses， I'm gonna find a way to make it work。 So I went。

 I go there at 7 before they start checking for I D because it's a restaurant。

 So I just go in and I pretty much just sit there for two hours till 9 PM Dl she shows up。

So I'm sitting there and I'm like， like just two hours like the stress building。And then at 855。

 like five minutes before I quickly opened two girls at the bar and it's super chody friend of friend I'm like hey。

 can you just talk to me I'm waiting for my friend I think I might even set I on a date。

 I just want to look cool and they're like sure and they start talking and I'm always keeping an eye out and then I see her walk in and she of course sees me with the two girls and she's like。

 oh like already social proof so。I bounce off， kind of like shoot the girls， say hi to her。We talk。

 we， we grab a drink。 and then I'm like， you know what it's loud。

 I's just go outside and I pour outside。 We sit down outside。I'm living a block away。

 so I could easily be like， hey， you know， let' go back to my place。

 Like it's fully on start kissing。 And I'm too scared。 And then I just wait。

 she gets in her car in her car。 We talk in her car。

 and she literally like gets on me making out like I'm fingering her in her car。

 and I'm too scared to fuck her。 Like just massive entitlement。 issues。 And then she's like， okay。

 like this is not happening anyway， nice meet to you。 never sorry again。

 And that was like my first date。 And the lesson really was like fucking go all out。 know。

 it's like you're scared。 but you you gotta do it。 you know。

 girls lose attraction if you don't go for you want。 So so that was my first date。

 I just found that on pretty funny。First， lay with the 10。Sorry， that was the first date with the 10。

 This is first lay with the 10。 This here was the first time I really pulled like， when I mean 10。

 I also mean like Hollywood 10。 like there， there was the Geneva 10。 but this is really like the hot。

 hot， like。You know， fashion model looking girl10。 So this is when I moved to LA。

I officially moved tell。I befriended somehow this actor who's you know， quite famous now。

 And I went out would hit with him。 And there was this promoter at the time。

 And it was those the three of us。 we go out。And we went to this party and it was for Halloween and there was these two girls like so so hot sisters and we started talking to them and the hottest one。

 like I was talking to her and then the celeb dude would also talk to her and she knew who he was and I was like。

 oh shit shit。I basically get her so attracted。Like ghost for me instead of him。

 And I remember at the time， Im like， what like a small motherf from Switzerland。

 And here she is dis this， you know， low， lower level of celebrity at the time， Big now。

 And I'm like， oh awesome。 And I managed to pull her ditra sister。

 leave the club and go all the way back to my place。😊，And this is like， again， model Ted。

So I'm there in the cab。m like holy shit。 She's come into my place for an after party。

 I was so psyched。 And the place I was staying at at the time。 I just moved tell。

 Id found this apartment on Craig'slist because I was so broke and it was this old gay guy who let me crash in his living room on a blow up mattress。

😊，So it's a one bedroom apartment， you walk in， there's a blow at mattress。There's his bedroom。

 and there's the bathroom。 That's it。 And he fucked me over to because I moved in and you pay for the first and last month。

 And then like two or three weeks in， And he's like， hey， someone else is moving here。 I'm like。

 what？ And I couldn't bounce out because I already had the last month paid for it。

And the guy who moved in was this Bulgarian bodybuiler， huge guy， like early 30s。

And he got a blowloat mattress and was staying right next to me。

 So you walk in and it's basically there's the living room， there's a couch， television。

 my blowloat mattress， his blowloat mattress， the little kitchen。

 the bedroom with the gay guy and the bathroom。And he was sleeping there when I was pulling this girl in the gig。

 I was sleeping there too。 So I'm like after party and we get there。

 and I remember before we get in like be very quiet。

 She's like what and I open it and it's like pitch black。 and I'm like shit。

 how do I make this work And how can I make it work？ So I'm thinking I'm gonna pour in the bathroom。

 So I run to the bathroom。 I'm like， hey， let me let me just go the bathroom real fast。

 she sits on the couch。 So I rent the bathroom， grab a bottle of wine， open in the bathroom。

 put in the little nightlight make it all romantic。

 and she's sitting in the living room like in pitch black。

 like hearing the Bulgarian guy just snoring behind her like。😊，Like breathing loudly， like a monster。

 like a beast or something。 she's like， what the fuck。 And then I pull her in the bathroom。

 and I remember I was like， well。I need to make this romantic cause it's a fucking bathroom。

 I'm like， you know what Im gonna just run a bath。 We can just fucking in the bath。

 Stest idea ever turn on the bath。 so loud， it wakes up the gay guy。 And then as I'm fucking her。

 I remember like every five minutes， hed like try to open the door。 like。 I'm like。

 I'm still in here。 Still in here for that was my， my first lay with the tent。

And then first time consistent with beautiful women was after that。I mean， that just gave me fall on。

Again， it's really a progressive， just you giving yourself permission and that I just went all out。

 know， so I moved to LA A and。At the time， I was。I mean， that was。I was very nihilistic。 I would。

 you know， drink a lot at the time。 I was just really like Carefree not give a fuck and just see how far I could push it。

 And I would just like fuck all these girls。 Like I was so into my reality， So into this carefree。

 I don't give a shit。 I'm a God type of frame。 That would just fuck left and right。

 I would parade girls in front of each other。 I remember one of Owen's favorite stories of me as we went out。

 And then I walk up this we were in the club。 I walk up this one girl。

 like instant make out and like come walk up this other girl hand in hand。 In make out。

 grab both of them， pull outside the club as we're closing。 then ditch them， walk up this third girl。

 make out there and just have them all fight over me。 It was just like obnoxious。嗯。

And things went't from there。 But yeah， those， those were all my first times， if you will。 Okay。

 so in these stories， I hope you can see yourself in some of them。

 I hope it humanizes me as well from， you know， say some of the infield or videos you see of me Now。

 I never used to be this way。 I encountered all these problems as well。😊。

And I hope it inspires you and again， also shows you like what it looks like to apply everything you learned here and shift to your life。

 My homeboy who's sitting right back there with the gray shirt on。 Okay。

 he's got his little hands cup over his nose。 Okay。

 I'll tell a field report of what he did the other night。 Okay， look at him。 Look at him Look at him。

 Okay， so we were out at at a really bombasss Hollywood club。😊。

And he went up to a blonde girl and started making out with her， right， And it was full on。

 I would probably rate this girl as pretty， pretty， pretty cute。

Would you guys say if you've got a pretty， pretty cute， like tight body young blonde girl？

Sounds good， right？I mean， right， Yeah， right， agreed。 Yeah， okay， okay， you' like fucked that。 Okay。

 I want whatever。 no， no， so。So yeah， So most guys， that's good， but not for him， right？

 So he takes her because he's fucking raging Dick head and he bucks on chicks， takes her。

 walks her over to a girl that I I would rate her personally as like a 9 or 10。

 you don't rate her as high， you liked her。 Okay， you rate her is at 85。

 She looks a lot like Bar Raelli。 So and I think she's really gorgeous。

 So I rate her as like solid 9。 So not that I would rate a woman looks。

 But the point is is that so he walks up to her with her。 this other girl in tow。😊，And。

 and how quickly did you make out with with that one， Yeah， high and makeout， right， Now。

 what allowed that to happen， probably between your confidence and also the other girl in tow， right。

 So it's a combination of the two。 So he starts to make out with the other one。 Now， the blonde girl。

 I'm standing right beside them。 And I'm like， she's like， oh， he's such a whore。 I'm like， girl。

 just be confident， girl。 He knows her from before。😊，They know each other。Like， it's not like that。

 They know each other from before。 Look， if you guys hung out tonight and then he sees you out。

 do you want to just blow you off。He knows her， right， shes like。Okay， like that right。 you know。

 and then。And I I'm like， be confident yourself， girl， you're beautiful。 You're beautiful， right。

 He's like， okay， So he's， so then it was right at the end of the night。 So actually， so the。

 so the club started empty out right when this happened。 So he。

 so so the bartenders the bouncers like， let's go。 So he actually， he's like， he' like， let's go。

 He's like， he's like， yeah， come on， let's go。 We'll go now。😊，Hey， come on。 let's go。

 We'll go now like that， right， And he walked， and he walked her out。 Okay I watched us。

 I was laughing。 So he went outside。 Now， I thought he should just take the baraellerly girl， but no。

😊，So he sees another blonde girl there。 So he， so he actually leaving me with the Baraelly girl。

 turns around， walks up to the blonde girl and starts to make out with her in front of these two other girls。

 right， right in front of them。 So so now the Baraelly girl ask me for my number。

 Why does she ask me for my number immediately。😊，Because she just had her that he did a takeaway right。

 He did a takeaway。 Now， what do most fucking ched annoying wing men do when you do a takeaway。😡。

Anyone here has experience so annoying。 They're like， like the girls' like， sorry， bro。

 she asked for my number。 while you're gone， bro。 So what， what's up song with us now。

 It's like fuck off， dude。 That was a takeaway。 The point of your wing man being there is not that when you do a takeaway that he's like。

 yeah， I'm right here。 right， That shit sucks。 Guy， That shit fucking sucks。😡，So。So I。

 so I'm a good guy。 Okay， I didn't do that。 Actually， she was trying to get my number。 And。

 and I was like， no， no， take his number。 I'll give you his number。 And he's like， dude。

 what the fuck I'm like， I'm giving you your number， dude， right， So he's like， okay， thank。

 thank you， right， So， okay， I'm a good boy， so。😊，So he so。He was making out her。

 So what I said was so this girl， the Bara Felly chick was like， she's like， you know， I like him。

 but I don't know about this whole player thing。 I don't know about this player thing。 I'm like， no。

 no， I'm like， you don't understand。 And she's like， she's like， what， I'm like。

 I don't know I don't know if you can take it。She's like， what is it？I'm like， can I tell you。

 she's like， she's like， I can take it。 I'm like。He's single。She's like， I understand like that。

 right。So。😊，Right and and the implication being that I'm， I'm like， look， you know。

 I'm like we're very high integrity guys because we actually are okay so I'm like， I'm like。

 you know， we're very high integrity guys。 And you know， if he's singlely single， you know。

 if he has a girlfriend， but she's cool with him to go out， that's cool， too。

 But he's single right now。 you know， girls are harsh out here in Hollywood。😊，They're harsh。

 And as a guy， you just got to learn how to protect yourself。 You just got to go where the fun is at。

 Just have fun， like， just be free。Be free。So I said this， she's like， yeah。I understand single。

 right。 So now he was now he was just rolling around。 So he， so he had them all in the hook。

 What happened was。😊，They start to fight over him now。 And they're going up to him going。

 those pictureses are ugly。Take me home now。 I'll fuck you。 like that like straight up。

 like straight up solicitation。 All right， Okay Okay， put， if we put out a video。

 do you have the text messages still， Okay， so maybe we could even edit can be edit that one in the text。

 It's a very funny text。 Maybe maybe we will sorry if we don't。 But okay。

 basically like really funny text， So he wound so he wound up taking the girl。

 the one that I thought was the hottest。 So he wound up going with her。

 But it's amazing how the other girls are contacting and hitting him up to like literally straight soliciting right。

 like straight up And again， this comes from that deep， deep abundance。

 I thought that that barbaraelly girl was like really quality， like fucking cool。

 like easy to talk to like just really just just very easy to be with and beautiful， right。

 So the thing is is that。😊，Is that he he likes her。

 but the types of thoughts that he's having about her is like。You know， yeah， she's cool。 You know。

 Okay， youll take her。 You know， you know what I mean， right。

 It's like it's changing the thoughts because he's going from like a regular level of abundance to like a deep abundance。

😊。