# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：10.奖金_Bonuses：奖金-从“世界上最可恨的男人”中学到的教训_Bonus - Lessons From 'The Most Hated Man In The World'【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

What I want to share with you in this video here are some of the lessons I learned from the recent media scandal that I was in。

 Okay， now if you weren't aware that I was in a media scandal， just go on Google right now。 Like。

 open your browser and Google search。 the most hated man in the world。 Okay， like no joke。

 type in the most hated man in the world and guess who's gonna pop up。😊，Me， okay。

 of my official Google section， you know， the same as if you search the tallest man in the world or the shortest man in the world。

 like there's the official little， you know， Google section for the main guy for that。

 I'm officially on Google， the main guy for the most hated man in the world。 Okay。

 of all time in history out of anyone ever this motherfucker here。Okay， now， straight up。

 okay if you've read any piece of media about me， if you've watched any piece of media about me。

 don't buy into that。 Okay， it's 100% bullshit。 It's complete out of bullshit。

 I am 100% against disrespecting women。 I am 100% against any type of fucking violence towards women。

 obviously。😡，Okay， don't believe the hype at all。Okay。

 now what I thought I'd do in this video here is share with you my side of of things。 You know。

 my side of the story， if you will。 This is something I've never publicly put out before。And。

 you know， what I thought I'd， you know， just make this video about are the lessons that I learned。

 you know， because this here is officially the main growing experience that I had in my life。

 You know， I've been through a lot of fucking bullshits with this really top set。

And although it was very traumatic， there was a。Fuck ton to take out of it。

 like I'm 100% a different person now than before I've learned so much from it in terms of learning about myself。

 but also just in terms of if you want to get a little spiritual like you know reaching higher levels of consciousness through it。

 a deeper understanding of the world of how the world works。 there's just so much。

 And this is what I want to make this video about now， before we get into that。

 I thought I'd start with a brief， you know， history about what really happens。And basically。

 it all started with a video that I made。Which I'm sure you may have seen。

 you know when I originally put it out or you may have seen a edited version of this video。

 but it was basically a seminar I was giving and during a small portion that three hour seminar for five minutes。

 I talked about game in Japan。 it was supposed to be a funny comedic entertaining piece。 that was。

 of course， all jokes。 just like me fucking around about some crazy shit I did in Japan And I put that out。

 was just shock humor， shock marketing that was really my intention behind it。

 and a couple of months after that。 Someone took that video and basically edited that video without my permission。

 making it seem horrible。 And when I mean horrible， I mean， horrible。

 instead of it being something that I at least personally thought was funny back then that I did。

 know in Japan's like， check me out'm。That person basically cut it up as if I was actually teaching this and I was 100% serious about teaching this know I included some videos too of me in Japan with women in Japan and that person took those videos cut out all the parts of the women laughing and it just really looked horrible it just made me seem like some racist asshole who's teaching guys pretty much how to just。

Completely disrespect women。 You know， it was， it was horrible。 And that video， you know。

 about two months。After which she put out the， the original one exploded。 Okay。

 like it just went viral。 It got thrown on a tumblr， I believe。

 and just started getting passed around。 And， of course， everyone starts freaking out。 Okay， outrage。

 It's like， the number one emotion if you want to get something to spread。

 Just post some outrageous shit。 And everyone's like， oh my God， look at this guy。

 Did you see that guy。 And it just went fucking viral。 Okay， and it attracted the attention of this。

 it's。This far left activist movement called social justice Warriors。 you can read up on it， SjWs。

 social justice Warriors， basically online， know vigilantes that you know just basically I've taken it into their hands to impose justice on the world so they saw that and I was in Australia at the time just gone into Melbourne and I was about to give a seminar and they found out you know which hotel I was hosting the seminar in and because there are so many。

 okay of these social justice warriorors， they just blasted the hotel with emails， tweets。

 Facebook comments， basically saying， hey， if you host this guy you were gonna to give you the worst reviews in the world。

Now， if you're a hotel and you're like holy shit， you're getting literally thousands upon thousands of emails。

 okay because these。This this movement is pretty much around the world， so it's like， hey， everyone。

 email this hotel。In your business is， you know， pretty much fucked if you host this guy， you know。

 they， they basically denied me to， they denied me basically giving the seminar there。

 So was that was step1。 I was in Australia and they're like， hey， listen。

 you can't give a seminar in a hotel。 It's like， okay， we book another hotel。 and， you know。

 the SJWs， if you will， find out the， you know， whatever the second hotel was。

 and they start blasting it again。 they create this petition。

And there were many petitions after that。 And this is a petition where anyone can sign it from anywhere in the world。

And you can sign it as many times as you want as long as you're putting in different email addresses。

 And you know you can pretty much just mass sign it。 Okay。

 so everyone around the world is just signing these petitions。 And you know they grew very。

 very fast。 or thousands of people like pretty much instantly。 and they send that to the hotel。

 and the hotels like， oh shit， you know， like thousands of people you know。

 demanding we don't host this guy。 Okay done and they denied me as well。

 and I went to another hotel and what you can do with these petitions is you can actually change the title of the petitions。

 So they send it to one hotel。 The hotels like okay， fuck this。 I go to another hotel。

 They take that same petition， the same signatures from around the world。

 you can sign it as many times as you want。 just change the title of the petition。

 keep the same number of people send it to that hotel so on and so forth。 later on。

 you can even change it to a country。 and the hotels don't know。 They're like， oh my God。

All these local people in Melbourne freaking out。 And they deny me as well。

 And things just started growing that way。 And that just really， you know。

 got the started getting the attention to say of the world， okay。

 including the Australian government。And what happened there is just due to some visa technicalities。

 They revoked my visa。 Okay， now that too just bullshit live of the media。

 I was never banned from Australia。 My visa was just canceled， and I had to leave。

 it's been resolved now， But just to clear that up。 Okay， so I had to leave Australia。 And。

 of course， what did the media say。Pick up artist band。 You band after all these petitions。

 et cetera， et cetera。 And that just。Really exploded the story in the eye of the mainstream。

 if you will。So。The story has changed to band， okay， even though it wasn't true， and it went from。

 you know， this guy is a dick because that was the initial impression。s like。

 look at this video of this guy in Japan。 What a dick to this guy got banned。

 This is actually very serious。 And the story moved from ashole Dickck to this guys promoting sexual assault。

Okay， and you'll see it develop， you know， as the story goes on。

 If you want to know more about how this works， there's a great book called trust me。

 I'm Ly by Ryan Holiday。 Okay， and he talks about like pretty much how he manipulated the media to promote。

You know， for example， a book he was promoting or a business， but how it also is just so。

Bulshit and sleazy， where you can just take a piece， for example， you can make up a complete lie。

 and he calls it passing up the the media chain or something like that。 And it becomes a reality。

 So you do is you send it to say， some small blog。 and they don't really care about the source。

 They'll write about it。 Then you can send that same piece of information that lie to another blog。

Reference the small blog。 And sometimes they'll look into it be like oh it's bullshit。

 But most of the time they'll be like， oh， the other small v did okay。

 And then bigger and bigger bigger blogs start， you know， taking on that piece of information。

 And then it just pretty much becomes real and you'll see the story here kind of evolve through that。

 You know， it's pretty wacky。 One of my favorite examples he uses， too， is you could give。

 for example，You go on television， like I went on CNN。

 I could have gone on CNN and said something like， I made millions of dollars selling coffee。

 just totally off topic with the the interview。 And I could source that on Wikipedia。Now。

 the source is not very strong because it's off topic， but I could send that source to a blog。

 And once the blog writes about it， I could resource it to Wikipedia。 so on and so forth。

 You pass up the chain and it becomes reality。 Okay， so great， great fucking book。

 Just to understand the whole dynamics at play here Help me massively highly recommend checking it out。

So basically it started being like， okay， this guy got banned， he's promoting sexual assault。

And the word started getting out。 And， you know， countries pretty much started following。

 They' were like， oh， shit， Australia banned him， even though they didn't。

 And pretty much every country tried to top each other。 You know it's like。

 well if that country banned him。 what does it say about us。 if we don't ban him。

 And all these petitions started you know， getting created mass signatures from the same people and just sending it。

 And of course， the government's like they have no fucking idea。 They're like， oh my God。

 all these local people freaking out。 and you know， their job is just maintain the peace。

 So it's like， hey， let's just fucking ban this guy。 So a few more bands followed。 Okay。

 and after that。or during that time， actually， a fake Twitter popped up as well， where mine was。

 I've changed it now， but it was at RSD Julian， and this one was at RSD Julian。 but instead of an L。

 it was a capital I and you can actually see in some of the pictures If you Google Julian RC Julian Twitter。

 mine is RD Julian with RSD and the J capital and the fake one actually。

 they forgot to make the J capital。 So when it pops up， you'll see a small J。

 So you can kind of tell the difference between the real one and the fake one and the fake one started posting things like。

Hey， pay me， and I'll teach you how to rape women。 like just， I'm not like， pay me。

 and I'll teach you how to rape women。 Hey， let's， I'll teach you how to break through their consent。

 da da， and that Twitter started getting quoted。Pass around the fucking media chain as if it was me。

 And it went from this guy's a dick to this guy's promoting sexual assaults to this guy's now promoting rape。

And they pretty much thought that's what I was teaching。 They then went through my real Twitter。

 which。Wasn't good either。 Okay， like my real Twitter。

 and we'll get to this later was basically it was a complete joke。

 Like it was just me fucking around posting obnoxious things。 nothing to do with what I teach at all。

 And they started taking those tweets and taking them out of context。

 So there was one example you might have seen where it was this domestic abuse chart。

 and it was so ridiculous。 I was like what the fuck is this。 I jokingly wrote down。

 may as well be a checklist is a sarcastic joke。 Okay for the people who follow what I teach。

 They know my humor。 they know I'm kidding but obviously stupid to post it。

 And that got taken out of context。 or like， oh my God， this slide。

 even though it's from a domestic abuse。 I believe rehab center or something like that。

 They're like this side is from his seminars。 And this is what he's teaching guys。

 that starts getting past around as well。 there were other pictures where it's like this guy's choking women。

 He's teaching guys out of choke women。You know， it I like like hundreds of guys like， okay， guys。

 let's practice your choking technique。 It's like what the fuck。 And that went up the media chain。

 And things just started getting really out of control。 You know。

 they were quoting each other like again， that's how the media works nowadays。 It's not。

 is the information accurate。 It's let's get it out first before the competitor。 You know。

 it's a game of deadlines， if you will。 So people just like see something， quickly write it。

 throw it out。 And if they're wrong， it's just very easy to make a correction later。

 So no one really gives a fuck if it's true or not， and there were things written like， you know。

 Julian's favorite pick technique is to walk up， choke a girl and quickly cover her mouth before she can scream。

And that got passed around and everyone was believing that。嗯。So again， it exploded。 Okay Now。

 in terms of dealing with it。 Okay， and you may have seen the interview I did on CNN。

 if you want to know more about that， there's a great book called Glass jaw by Eric Denzenthhal。

 highly recommend checking out but basically happened is there was so much hate， so much heat。

 Like this shit was so， so hot that you know， you're pretty much fucked。 It's like。

 no matter what you do， there is no winning。 know， it's like you know people could you could just select anyone。

 Like this happened to me， but it could happen to anyone。 Like， say。

 say you have a huge group of people， you pick some random guy。 like。

 that guy and you just blast him with with all these fake accusations。Now。

 he's fuck because if he answers， he basically turns those accusations into something real because he acknowledged them。

 even though they were fake。 And if he doesn't answer， he's also fuck because by being silent。

 it's you pretty much。You know， admitmiing guilt。 So we're in an impossible situation。

 And our only focus there was just like， let's， you know。

 calm the shit down because this is just really exploding。So。We decided to go on CNN。

 like I decided to go on CNN and apologize。 And again。

 this wasn't about me going on and like defending myselfca I could have very easily done that just gone on CNN like。

 hey， straight up， look at this shit。 like all anyone has to do is watch more than one video。

 you know， one edited video to see what we actually teach。 but basically。

 anything else than an apology would have just。You know， exploded things even more。

 it would have just heated things up。 And another thing to understand too with this whole， you know。

 online mob dynamic is that， and you can read more about this as a little side note in the book。

 So you've been publicly shamed by John Ronson， which I highly recommend checking out as well。

 but basically the dynamic there is that nothing you do will be good enough。

 like the people basically throwing all these accusations at you and so much hate at you。

Nothing will be good。 Like you can apologize， but it won't be enough。

 You can explain to them very clearly They're wrong。 It won't be good enough。 Basically。

 they will only be satisfied once you're dead。 Okay。

 not only dead but once you're dead and they're pissing on your grave pretty much。 Okay。

 so the whole purpose of the interview was just cool things down， apologize for， you know。

 any misunderstanding if， you know， for anyone I've fucking offended with the know what I thought was funny。

So I went on CNN okay and again， just to also build on this online mob dynamic。

 the CNN was to apologize for any， I to say， normal person in the mainstream who knew about this。

 the social social justice warrior， no matter what you say they'll still be there。

 so it's like just two categories。So I went on CNN， and I apologized。You know， I was like， hey。

 if I've found anyone， I'm very sorry and that really worked to cool things down。 It added closure。

 It got the mainstream pretty much be like， okay， it's not what this guy fucking teaches。 I still di。

 but。Whatever he's sorry， it's over done。 Okay， And if if you want another little， you know。

 behind the scenes of how fuck the media is with that interview there。 Okay。

 just I won't go too much in detail here， but it was very calculated。

 It was very scripted and let's just say the interviewer is very， very close friends with my PR guy。

 it's， it's again， every welcome to the behind the scenes。 You know， people are like。

 that interviewer was such a dick。 No， he was fucking awesome。 And he was supposed to be like that。

 like it was preplanned。 Okay， it was preplanned to be basically。

Like the principal of a school punishing the naughty student。 That's what it looked like。

 it's like I'm sorry， I'm sorry， are you naughty boy， well， you do it again， No， I won't， okay。

 done and then you know， gets everyone like okay， you got punish it's over and it transforms me from this monster to this stupid kid。

That was the goal。 And it fucking worked。 And things started cooling down。And from there， you know。

 I just started slowly rebuilding my brand。You know。

 a few more bands came into play because you know， they were already set in motion。And finally。

 a few months later， it died down。 but that's。Pretty much what fucking happened。 Okay。

 like just in detail， That's what happened。 extremely intense。 There were times I remember。

 I was even scared to go outside Like， I was scared to leave my place because I thought people would recognize me and just kill me。

 Like there was so much hate。 There were ransom， like actual ransoms on my head。

 I would get multiple death threats every single day。 It was was。Insane， okay。

 now as a little funny side note too， Not a single person ever recognized me。

OkayIt's like I was like， oh， I can't leave the house ever since this started。

 you would assume someone would recognize me in the street。No one。

 The only people recognize me are fans， not a single fucking person so。Crazy， but anyway。

That's what happened。 And here's pretty much what I learned from it all。

 The first thing is a full dissolvement of the ego。 Okay， and I'll bid on this here。 basically。

 when they it all started， I remember it exploded on Twitter。 you know。

 there were like tons and tons of like hate tweets like fuck this guy oh my God， oh my God。

 oh my God。 and there were literally like。20， 30， 100。

 even more than 100 every single minute just popping up about how much I'm a horrible piece of shit I should die。

And I remember at first， I was like， you know， when I started seeing it。

 I remember I was in Sydney about to fly in Melbourne， and I was like。Wow。

 this shit's really exploding and I never， you know。

 with all the years of posting videos and stuff on social media。

 I never really take comments seriously， they never personally affect me。

But I remember once it started really hitting like 100， I was like， holy shit。All these people。

 you know， there's that voice inside your head。 It's like all these people hate you。

 like they want you dead， You know， the entire world， you know。

 because you start over blowing it too。 The entire world wants you dead。And it really hits you。

 You know， I remember it really hit me at some point。m like， holy shit。

 And I had to lie down for a bit， and。嗯。Basically， building on what we're talking about is shift。

 too。What's your unconscious verification system。The like how certain someone is。

 how congruent say their behavior is。 and how many people buy into that idea。

 Like you're gonna accept is real。 So when you see all these tweets about， you know。

 that' say that you're just like a piece of shit。 And there's they're very congruent in the way they're writing。

 And they fully believe it， know because they saw that edited video and they' pis off。

 like fuck this guy。 And then they see everyone else do it。 everyone starts buying into it。

 But you may buy into it as well。 Like I remember I was like so many people believe this。

 And there's that little doubt。 You're like， I remember， I was like， shit， Am I a bad person。

 Like that actually crossed my mind。 I'm like， am I a bad person。 is what I'm teaching like bad。

 And you know， I pretty much had like an identity crisis。 I was like， oh my God。 Like there were。

 there were two narratives being written， basically， there was the。The me telling myself who I am。

 it's like this is me， this is my story。And then it was another narrative that was backed up by thousands upon thousands of people say no。

 this is your story， and there's a conflict between the two。And I mean。

 this forced me to really like let go of all narratives。

 like even my narrative was like built off an ego， if you will， it was very like this is me。

 my identity and this just really forced me to let go of pretty much fucking everything。Okay， a full。

 full， full zin of the ego of。I mean， because that's want to get if you want to even build on top of that。

 it's like， that's really what made this happen in the first place， too。

I started identifying myself as the pickup guy。 You know， the the crazy obnoxious pickup guy， my。

 my public persona， if you will。 I started identifying myself with this， and。

Like fully building an ego around it。 And， you know， that's where a lot of my tweets came from。

 I was like， what would this caricature of myself， Like， what would this persona write。

 What would he tweet？ And I started tweeting that， my seminar is like， oh。

 how would do you do seminars。 It was like a full on ego。 And then like。It just gets， you。

 you get slapped down。 Like once you build such an ego go。

 like life will find a way to just slap you the fuck out of it。 And that's what happened here。

 So it forced me to let go of all that。 Like， I had to let go of the identity I'd taken on。

 I couldn't attach myself onto any other identity， like anything external because it was all so negative that it was just like。

Just like go， you know， and that the I'd say the biggest fucking lessons like just a dissolvement of the ego。

 you know， just burning away all that bullshit and the ego in terms of identity。

 but also in terms of say wanting to fight back， you know， like going on CNN and to apologize。

That was extremely hard as well， because I wanted to go on there and be like， mother fuckcker， like。

 do you really believe this shit and like。Fight back。 but of course。

 that would have just heated things up even more。 So letting go of that。 it's like， you know what。

 let go， just go on， say you're sorry if you offended anyone。 You know。

 there was just being okay with like taking the hit， you know， and like。Living to fight another day。

 That's really what it was。 This isn't like a battle that you win。 Like people are like， oh。

 you can just flip it around。 It's like， now， you just fucking survive it to rebuild and live another fucking day。

 Okay， it also stripped away like。You know， false friends， like just anything that's impure。

 like people who weren't really bought into， you know， the mission， the vision we were pursuing。

 they bounced。 You saw tons of people try to use it to their advantage for publicity。 You know。

 it's like， oh， yes， fuck this guy。 Like people I thought my friends。 like fuck this guy。

 I teach the right way of doing things。 So you'll see that。You know。

 but it also shows you just like who really matters as well。

 Like you'll see like who your true friends are， how meaningful your relationships are。

 like I'm in a twoy plus relationship with my girlfriend now。

 and she stuck through this all with me you know， spider her friends。

 like what the fuck her parents for family everything。 So it shows you like who really matters。

 But but that just dissolvement of ego is huge。 And this is something pickup will actually teach you as well。

 You know it's like as soon as you place your identity on something external。

 like let's just say a girl's reaction。 know， it's like you go up， you're like okay。

 if she reacts well， I feel this way。 if she doesn't， I'll feel this way。 your fucked as well。 know。

 it's like it forces you to like just really let go of all that。

 And that's on a more micro level for me。 this is more on on a macro level。 you know。

 it's like remember this。 this is what I learned is soon。

Is you place your identity on something external in the physical world， if you will。

 if you want to get a little spiritual， you're bound to be crushed。 Okay， why。

 because the world we live in is a world of duality。 and this is huge。 O。

 we live in a world of duality。 There's up。 There's down。 There's hot。 There's cold。 There's daytime。

 there's nighttime。 There's a man。 There's a woman。 Okay， and in that world， you know。

 physical world of duality， if you will。What goes up must come down。That's the rule。 That's nature。

 Okay， so， for example， you approach a girl， you get good reactions。 You're feeling awesome。

 But guess what， at some point。😊，You're going to stop getting good reactions。 You know。

 things go well until they don't。 And that's what happened to me， too， On a bigger scale。 You know。

 it's like I was basing my ego on this public persona。

Reactions were awesome and so you they don't welcome to nature and you get crushed and you're like  oh shit。

Andless just let go of all that。 you know， it's the same as like drawing， stay from within。

 drawaw your identity from within。 you know， don't be defined by anything material， you know。

 never depend on anything that's outside of yourself。 that's outside of your control。

 Okay so that was a huge， huge， huge lesson for me。 And again， life will find a way。

 Life will find a way to slap you down。 You build certain and ego go you're gonna get slapped down。

So， so I went through that and I also went through， you know， all the phases of。Loss and grief。

 You know， there's like denial， anger， bargaining， depression， acceptance。

 And I remember denying it at first， like I sigh。 And I was like， you know， it'll just。

 it'll die down。 It'll die three days， Three days。 I remember my bud's like， yeah， I do three days。😔。

And。And it didn't die down。 So it was like， the denial quickly got just like like destroyed。

Then there was， there was anger。 you know， I was like， oh， shit， but。

 but there was never really anger。 Like people always asked me like， man。

 do you ever wonder what if you never put that video out。

 But but I was never like that that never really I never beat myself down because that because knowing me and the headspace I was in I was really just pushing the limits of that caricature of myself。

 And if it wasn't that video， I would have kept pushing it。 And， you know。

 one video would have eventually popped。So， so， no， there was no anger in terms of that。

 but it was just kind of like pised at the situation because it really was like。I mean。

 it really was like yeah， loss in grief。 It's like you'。

 you're driving a car and bang like one day that next another car hits you。

 and like you lose your legs。 You know， it' was the same as that。 I was like riding this wave。

 I was like， fuck， yeah， like ego base。 Yeah， but I was like killing it and then like too close to the sun。

So there was anger， then there was。Bargaining， you know。

 it was like trying to manipulate all the pieces， you know， for at least a couple months， it really。

 really felt like。Like an episode of House of Cars where， where there's all the different dynamics。

 the different groups It's like， okay， there's a social justice。

 Where's the mainstream PR guide lawyers。 Okay， how do I like get get everything through like that？

 Then there was， you know， depression And， and that was was big。 It was like。The way it hits you。

You start fixing it。 And there's hope。 And there's like， bah taken away， despair， hope， taken away。

 hope taken away。 And every time you think you've reached your lowest， it just gets worse， worse。

 worse。 like a new bullshit thing pops up。 New bullshit pops up。 And after a while， you're just like。

😔，you know， so it's like extremely depressed and stressed and。I learned a lot about that as well。

 know， if you want to build on that， too。 It's like there's。

 there's four ways people how to say deal with stress。 Okay， one is they， they try to run from it。

 but that'll never work。 It follows you。 Another is they medicate it。 Okay， so they either drink。

 They smoke， they do drugs。 they eat。 and that that was1 I did。

 Where like I don't know if you notice， I gained them quite some weight since this all happened。

 I'm back in the gym now losing it。 But that was one of the ways I dealt。 I was like。

 just like eating。And then there's the fourth way， and。

This is what I do now and I love having learned this is actually releasing it。

And I worked actually a few weeks with a， you know， spiritual energy teacher。 You know。

 you may not have to believe in the whole woo wu side of things。 But。

 but what he said really resonate with me。 He was like， you know， there's。

The only way to really like how to say， yeah， get rid of that pent up anxiousness or。

 you know that that rock or like stone in your stomach， that nod in your stomach is to move energy。

 if you will。 You know， nothing happens until energy moves。 you can meditate， you know， I meditate。

 and that'll temporarily help。 But what you're doing basically。

 is you have all these problems inside you。You meditate it's kind of like you rise above it。

Like you go on vacation and then you come back to it and still there。 So。

 he has this whole process of like just moving energy through breathing， focus。

 visualization It's very wooy。 But anyway， that that helped massly in terms of just releasing it all。

 And and the last phase was acceptance。 And this here was like the biggest one for me。

 where it was like after a while。Things have just gone like so low， like just hope despair。

 hope despair， hope despair that， you know， you you just like the ego， it's like you just let go。

 And I remember I was just like， you know what， whatever happens。I'm 100% fine with it。

And and this last， this feeling lasted for about a week where it literally felt like。

I was say enlightenment。 You know， I was just like for a whole week， I was just like。Fully at ease。

 like I've never been so peaceful。In my entire fucking life， you know。

 it was just like things could do amazing well。Awesome， things could go horribly。

 And I was really picturing like the the worst， worst scenarios。 And I was like。I I。

 I felt completely the same towards both， like just full acceptance going to the flow of things。

And that was huge。 You know， I， of course， I lost some of that feeling now。 That was like the peak。

 It was kind of like a probably like a bubble that just popped and I was like。Like， you know， in the。

 in the headlas are wild。 but， but that was， that was fucking huge， you know， and。

And this is like something I still hang on。 I mean， as much as I can to this day， which is like。

 except whatever happens。 like that doesn't mean don't hustle， like hustle to you know。

 make shit work， but never get latched onto anything and just learn how to navigate through life。

 you know， through all the changes you know， like even that feeling like there was the me before then this happened。

 then there's the me now， Like there was so much like I wish I could go back to how things were before。

 but you really have to accept like that is gone。 You know。

 it's like you're in a different phase of life。 You know， embrace the change。

 Russell Simmons actually another book。 If you want to check it out， talks about this in his book。

 super rich。 which。I highly recommend checking out as well。嗯。So another one is。Actually。

 another book， the Ob is the Way Also by Ryan Holiday， Great one。

 And this is kind of how I viewed it It's like， you know， at the bigger you get。

 the more obstacles you're going to encounter。 And， you know， my brand was growing。

 And then there was like this， It's like a test。 It's like one of life's test。 It's like， hey， bang。

 this throw in your faces。 you survive it yes or no。 And if you do， which you know。

 I have you come out a different person。 You come out having learned all this。 And I'll never like。

I would never want to unlearn this。 Let's just say， you know。

 as horrible as it was because it was it was horrible like。Traumatic， horrible。

I did get so much out of it。And very likely， you know， the bigger I get， like。

 there'll be some other obstacle throwing my way as well。 You， it's like bigger more bullshit。 And。

 I mean， this is probably， you know， not， not comparing myself like， what a lot of celebrities get。

 You know， it's like， you'll。You may have heard even of all this， this whole scandal。

 and you're just like， whatever， you know， it's like it's like reading about like the Kardashians in a scandal。

 You're like， oh of course， theyre having in a scandal。 It's the Kardashians。

 But when you're so close to it， it feels so weird， so。I don't know。 That was interesting。But anyway。

 it's like， yeah， it。The， the way I've viewed is really like a huge。Tramatic events。

 similar to like your first rejection where you need that for growth。

 there are tons of lessons stick out of it。And， I mean， those are， those were the， the big， big。

 big ones。And and as's a little bonus too， like in terms of， you know， turning shit into gold。

 like a game concept。I， I'll conclude the video of this。 It's like celebrity game， okay， so。

I remember it's like this all happened， I was like officially most hated man in the world。

 Time magazine， most hated man the world。Videos everywhere。And and I had two choices。 You know。

 I could be like， oh， fuck， you know， like how am'm ever gonna pick up a girl again。 or it's like。

 okay， get creative。 How can I make this good， Okay。

 so I really wanted to force myself to like just fully embrace this and find a way to use it to my advantage。

 you know， whatever I could use to my advantage。 So on a more macro scale， the product promotion。

 use it to my advantage there for shift。 And in terms of gaming girls。

 I used it as well to to increase value， let's just say， Okay， so if you want a progression too。

 actually， since this all happened。 it all hit。 And I had to go into like hiding for a little bit。

 because my life was literally in fucking danger。 Like there were like lawyers like dude。

 don't show your face in public。 these threats are legit。 like legit， fucking thread， I could。

 I could still die。 Okay， So I was like， shit。 So I didn't go out for a while。

 And then I remember I was in。It was in Freborg， Germany， and I was running a boot campamp there。And。

 and I， and I went out， and I remember the first night I was like， holy shit。 You know。

 it's like I was walking through the the bars， the clubs and like， everyone's looking at me。

 They all want to kill me。 Like， that was my reality， like super distorted， you know。

 especially when you're so close to it。And， and I remember it like the end of the first night。

 I go wing one of my students with this really， really ho， blond girl。

 like one of the hotest girls there。 And I'm talking to her and。😊。

We actually spent like 45 minutes an hour。 So like 45 minutes talking。Going awesome。

 The guy drops like， oh， Julian's a life coach。 And I'm like， gosh， she's gonna know。

 it's like Julian coach like that。 And she didn't know。 And， and after all， I'm like， you know what。

 fuck it， tell her， Tell her， see the reaction。😊，So I remember it like。

 I the same as like approaching that in the beginning。 I was like， okay， here we go。

Do and I asked her like， do you remember my name， She's like， yeah， Julian？Okay。

Do you remember what I do。 It's like， he you're a coach。 okay。

 and I'm like trying to see if there's any reaction。 So， well， my full name is Julian Block。Pause。

She's like， okay， and I'm like， B L AN C。Pause just like， really see if it， if it hits。

 And she's like， cool。😊，Okay， and I'm a dating coach。Still nothing。 And I'm like， well。

 I'm just going laid it out。 I was recently involved in a media scandal that pretty much attacked me and accused me of promoting sexual assault and rape culture。

And she's just like。Yeah， the media， whatever。And I was like。

 like that that was like the most like mind blowing。 I was like， oh， awesome。

 and it just shows you too， it's like。😊，You're so close to it and you're like， oh my God。

 everyone's thinking this been reality。No one， no one like。First of all， everyone forgets。 like。

 you'll read it back。 Yeah， whatever。 And， and secondly， it's like people know better than the trust。

 the fucking mainstream media， you know， And， and that's if there's one other lesson you should get from this is everything is a fucking tabloid。

 CNN is a tabloid。 All those legit。News sources are tabloids。They're calculated。

 They're put in place。 They're all framed。 Everything is just。Like puppets behind the scenes。

 You know， it's like my my， my lawyer was telling me this， too。 Like he。

 he works with a bunch of like high， high， high end celebs。

 And apart from being like a say an entertainment lawyer。

He also combines them in terms like building their brands in terms of dealing with crises。

 So like certain shows or collaborations， you see， you think it's oh， it's a collaboration。

 It's all calculated。 It's fully calculated。 So that was like behind the scenes like， oh， should。

 But anyway， I told this girl that。 And from there， I just started like solely pushing it。

 And I remember was in Miami Eastern sumummit。 That was like the peak of it all。

 where I was literally going up to girls。 And like my opener was like Google my name。

 And I make them Google it。 And they would see it。 And they would all fucking love it。

 Like not a single girl yet。Knock on wood has freaked out。 You know， no one。 they're always was like。

 oh my God， you are CNNca it's just tons of value。 Okay， and this is very important to understand。

 too。 And this is， I guess， the way my game kind of evolved in a way where before then you're going up and you're a stranger to the girl。

😊，So there's a lot of focus and pickup in terms of you know being a guy value displaying value and kind of focusing on that it's like you know。

Emanating confidence， if you will， emanating all those like valuable traits。And you qualify a bit。

 of course， but there's a lot of focus on the value side of things。 it's like value qualification。

 What happens here is when I go up and I tell them about this， there's a lot of value。

 But then my game has to be a little bit more focused on the qualifications。

 like I go in already having the value and I just see it。Qualifier her。

 not make her feel like a slut。 you know， make her feel special。 make her feel like this is awesome。

 make it relatable。 And then I get her， you know， And then I pretty much have it down now。

 Like I remember I was in clonelogne， Germany。😊，Recording shift。

 And I was going out with like the film crew。 And I had like my guy like with me like。

 I'd open the girl。 and you'd always wait like 10，20 seconds。

 Theyd just pull out his phone like this is him。 And you would see the girls like light up and my reaction was I was like。

 oh， no， don't show them。 No't show them。 And it was just fucking awesome。 know。

 it's like like girls love it。 It's like there's that saying I tweeted this。

 It doesn't matter why you're famous as long as you're famous。 so I mean。

 those would be like the big things to get out of his understand the whole dynamic behind it。

 check out the books I recommended。 really take it to heart when I'm saying。

 don't base your identity on anything external， like literally nothing， you know， not your job。

 not people's reactions not what people think of you nothing external。 you're in a world of duality。

 Life will find a way to slap you down。 know， life will find a way to humble you。

 life will find a way to just really like the same with pickup。Every time you taps the outcome。

 you never get the fucking girl where once in a blue moon， you may get her。

 but you will never keep her。So take that to hearts。You know。

 view every experience traumatic as they may be as。One of those growing experiences， like。

 that's how I viewed it。 Every obstacle is a chance to just。Move up in terms of the scale of things。

 Expable shit to be thrown at you as well， you know， the bigger you get。It's like， hey。

 you you wan to push the limits。 You want to see how far you can go。 Yeah。

 you're gonna deal with a lot of bullshit。Realize how fuck the media is。 and realize， too。

 it's like you， you can find a way to turnch into gold no matter what it is。 You know。

 there's always a way。To how to say use whatever's thrown at you， whatever you got。To your benefit。

