# 04、朱利安 《做个转变》：9.实战_Infields：内场1天比赛热身、进近和牵引（脱衣舞者）_Infield 1 - DayGame Warm Up, Approach And Pull (Stripper)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So what you're about to see right now is me and Miami。 Okay， this is on Lincoln Road。

 Probably the best place ever to do day game。 And this is the first time I ever recorded myself during the day。

 Okay， up until then， I'd always gone out at night。

 if you're hidden camera footage And just a lot more， I'd say relaxing。

 let's just say less stressful because it's dark。 You know， people don't notice as much。

 And here I'm kind of like， oh man， we're in the fucking middle of the day。

 there's the whole like team with the hidden cameras。 there's a lot of pressure。 And basically。

 I'm out of state if you will。 and you'll notice this， by the way， I talk。 I'm very jittery。

 I'm very choppy。 I'm like， oh hey， yeah， what's up。 know。

 a little bit rushed There's not that nice grounded flow to it。😊，And one thing I was like to do。

 you know， if I'm out of it is I always like to fuck around with the first open。 Okay。

 it's like the first set doesn't count。 You know， I used to joke。

 And I called it sacrificing the lamb。 where it's like， you know what。

 I'm gonna fuck up the first one。 I'm gonna have fun。 and then I'll be in the zone for the next。

 So here I'm with my buddy during the day。 I'm like， dude， know， I'm like， bring， bring the lamb。

 You know， bring the cow like the sacrificial animal。 and he jumps on this really。

 really hot girl and brings her over。 Okay， and I'll crack into it now and just notice， okay。

 the way I talk， it's like， oh hey， you know it's， it's really not。Let's just say fully sexworth yet。

You yanker， Yanker， bringer。Bring the cow， bring the lamb。😊，Yeah。Bring it， bring it。We were not。

 we were actually， okay， we were actually。How old are you。 I'm18。 Yeah， You can go。 No。

 we were actually， no， no， sorry。 I just got here。 my girlfriend broke out with me last week。

 So I was about to hit on girls， but I wasn't comfortable yet。

 So we were looking for like some like innocent nice girl who just take it and we could just break the fuck out of just to get yourself in the zone。

 And you seem innocent nice。So that's my open。 So notice I'm like， are you how old are you。 Yeah。

 And you know， it's a little choppy， whatever。 however。

 one thing I do here is I do embrace what I'm feeling what I'm thinking。 Okay， this is so key。

 when you're out of state。 Don't try to force yourself to be in state， if you will。

 embracece being out of state， embrace being choppy， embrace being imp perfectect。

 That's what I'm doing。 I'm like， you know what， Yeah， I'm gonna be choppy， fuck it。 You know。

 and I walk up and I embrace whatever I'm thinking and feeling。 And I tell her like， hey。

 I was looking for some girl to just brace so I can get myself in the zone。 know。

 I was looking for that sacrificial am。😊，Here you are。 You know。

 And then I kind of laugh at it and start self amusing that way。 Okay， every time you laugh。

 you do loosen up。 And what you're gonna to see here is instead of bouncing around and you know。

 talking to a bunch of girls， you know， merging sets， if you will。

 or getting all these different references to loosen up。 I'm just gonna stick on her。

 And I'm just gonna stick to doing the same exact things。 It's like embrace what I feel and laugh。

 Okay， and you'll notice that with time， it's a gradual process， you'll see me get into state。

 if you will。 so I open again， very congruence， at ease and embrace him to Choby this。😊。

That's why I'm a stripper。Not too innocent or you should move to LA I'm actually really， really nice。

 but maybe actually going in summer。I be there summer come to Vegas come to Vegas in summer where are you going Vegas。

I mean， it is but why， especially if you're a super。You do much better in Vegas， I'd be there。

 I'd be there。Fall in love。10 babies。 Why would you。Go to Vegas， soh I'm going there for work。

Why not where do you work， do public speaking conferences， seminars。I also dream of being a stripper。

Ever since I was a kid， great to talk to girls。A little bit you a public speaker Yeah well no okay well it well it's because I'm sorry know how contradictory that is contradicting contradicting No a little bit。

 but I just Nazi too actually know my English English is my second language。

 but's I'm very smart French。But no， it's true again。That's supposed sarcastically。Pizza， pestos。

 spaghetti。Do you see here Italian？He speak Spanish。 I know could I have see。 I was in Rome。

 actually， I know how do say how do you say dog in Italian。Okay， so again， what's happening here。

 I'm just slowly pretty much self amusing。 Okay， so I'm kind of saying things that I find funny。

 like， oh，10 babies。 you know， I've always dreamed of being a stripper。 It's not full。 you know。

 perfectly timed or perfectly， you know， let's just say funny。

 But it's still me just kind of just pushing my own buttons， if you will。

 And what you'll notice here， too， is you can really say， C too。

 like the way my mind operates where she's like。😊，She brings them the topic of Italy。 Okay。

 and the way your mind works is it's constantly associating。 You know， it's like when I'm in state。

 she'll mention Italy and it'll make me think of this of this of this。

 And I'll just flow through it all。 And it's very witty。

 It's very smooth here because I'm still a little bit out of it。

 You'll see my mind kind of race like， oh， Italy， pizza， pesto spaghetti。 actually， I was in Rome。

 actually， oh， can you speak Spanish how do you say a dog Italian boom like how do you say dog in Spanish。

 It's like my mind's kind of just like like racing。 It's pretty much like turning on the gears。

 if you will。 Okay， It's like if you wake up in the morning and you go for a fucking run in the beginning。

You're not like， hell， yeah， like in the zone， just soaring through the air。

 you're kind of like like choppy。 But you trust if you just keep doing it， you just keep sticking in。

 you embrace being congruent to how you feel at some point， it'll smoothen out。

 And that's what you'll notice in this video here。that I don't know better also。Bero。

 what do you do if a guy to walks to you and like betterro？Would you love it。

This is something I love to。 the whole， what would you do if Okay， it's like I'm like。

 what would you do if somebody guy just walked up to you and said Be， And that means dog。

 And what's cool about is if you say， what would you do if you take the responsibility or blame if you will off of yourself。

 And she still gets the same emotional reaction， You know， it's like you could walk up to a girl。

 I mean like， what would you do if some guy just walked up to you and said bitch。

 She still gets the spike from bitch， but she can't blame you， because it's hypothetical。

 What would you do if someone did that， So just little subtleties there， That's what I would do。

 Like if I saw a girl， like after braiding you， I just roll out and just be like， better like that。😊。

And then to throw up and like pretend to be all shy。

 I can actually go you really pretending to be shy how old are you How old do you think I am？

So much older and more mature。Could be like your dad， an old man talking。Actually， yeah， really。

 he really October 24， 88 really pointing to some other girl。I know there's a no earlier。

 she tried fucking me in the bathroom at HM hold， are you really 19， by the way？

Now she she's a straw。Really。So you can't even go out here。I wouldn't even get out neither。

WhatDid you mind。No drugs， just no alcohol perfection。喂hy。like a show something or you just no。

 I'm just slowly unwinding。 I'm sorry。 No， no no， it's cute。 Thanks for taking it。 Yeah。

 That's what she said。When you ever get those comments to like。

 oh is this for like a show or oh are you drunk or something， I remember we discussed and shift。

 It's just like signs of a little bit too much pressure。

 And this will happen a little bit more during the day because let's just say her emotions are affected a lot more let's just say strongly during the day in a club。

 you'd have to say something really obnoxious to say spike it during the day。

 know very fast is like a lot of pressure So you'll get comments like that。

 Like oh is this for like a show like what's happening and stuff。

 And when that happens just again just be very chill。's I'm like， no it's fine。

 I'm just slowly unwinding。 know just fucking around。 Just something to。😊，Take the pressure off。

Sorry， sorry， what the fuck girl。 You know， what it be， that's what he's said。

 We should be your best friends。I'm here for a month。 You can be like my little Miami tour guide。

 Okay， would you Sure really you didn't even know anything about me what's your name What become like some rapist What's my name。

 five Aids What if I have As I'd love even more we could totally I actually know a lot of my close friends in LR server。

 but that's how I got As So now I'm like。😊，We're part of the same club。Serious tripper two。

I'm not cool enough。That Aids club。What's your name Jesses actually my what's Morgan。

Can I call you Jesse is little better。 Yeah， I do like Jesse better。 I go by Jesse actually Morgan。

 not like Morgan I like Jesse Morgan， no。Can I just call you？It'll sound a little weird。

 can I call you Moin， Molin， Molin？I'm Malin， it's like some Swedish name Malin like Mallin acroman it sounds like I'm going to moll you like Malin somebody I take it Malin Morgan you into like BDSM or something totally。

I have likeduct take favorite cat never No， my real I was going to lie。

 but my real name is Julian Julia。Veryre sure about that one。10d%，Will you really be my BFF in Miami？

全开了。Okay， why is that interesting？This th。What are you doing tonight？

Don't say working Do you listen to electronic music Do you know who hydraulic is？I don't know。

 I'm hanging out with him。Ditching me like that。For a part of the night。

 I'm not doing the rest of the night。Whatever。This is your outfit， by the way。

 your shoe should be black。I know I try to it makes me more attain。Okay。

 so here I'm again getting a little bit more in the float in case you notice it's like a little bit smoother I not fully there yet。

 but you know， in the span of a few minutes， it got a hell of a lot better just by me doing the same thing。

 it's like I'm doing any techniques or stuff it just me kind of just going into the flow of things trying to make myself laugh and again。

 I was checking to be congruent to where I'm at。Now， what happens here is， you know， in her eyes。

 I become a little bit more attractive。 a little bit more on top of my shit。

 And one thing you'll get， too， is when girls start view and he's being like， oh， this guys actually。

 you know， sexworth。 as we talked about， she's gonna test you to make sure that you're that person。

 And that's what she does there。 She's like， nice outfit， by the way， Your shoe should be black。

 You know， just see how how I react。 And what I always do is I brace it and just build on it。

 I'm like， yeah， you know， it makes me more attainable。😊，You know， so she's like， oh。

 so I kind of use it like， oh， thanks for noticing。You know， and then you build on it。

 it's like whatever she's， she's like， oh what about this， you're like， yeah， you know， you know。

 you're hear here in a second， she's like you look very hipster or something like that I'm like yeah。

 you know， I listen to radio head， you know， is I cry in the shower。

 It's just like I build on it in a very self-ammused way and this is a skill you can develop as well。

Are you wearing a belt because belt？Why no， this is actually you on your style I have a horrible style today。

 actually usually I'm like much hotter but it's true， it does make me more attainable。

I'm too because I'm too beautiful otherwise。I'm like too my hair is too beautiful。

 never ever ever do that Why not because I'm too shy and too shy because I've never to strip before never talked to strip before yet you said a lot of your friends are strips。

Maybe。You did it。 You fucked on my hair。 girlfriend。 I hate you。 Okay。

 seriously like pulls my head band。 And I remember in my mind， I'm like， oh shit， you know。

 I kind messed up my hair， which is already messed up to begin with。 And again。

 I use this an excuse to to get closer。 here we hug。 I grab her glasses。

 And also notice too how you don't really see me react that much。 I'm like， oh shit。 I'm like。

 I can't believe you did that。 You know， everything's just keeping that nice solid flow。 Hi Lo。😊。

And I look like some dead dog So you look very hipster。I am a hipster， a hipster I listen to。

Radio head in the shower。 Okay， so again， oh yeah， this in radio head in the shower。

 just always ask yourself instead of taking it personally， take it further。

 like build on it and improvise on it。 I don't like to be called。😊，I know I used to be in Richmond。

 Virginia， everybody's a hipster kind like by me not being a hipster I love you if you were you look actually massively hipster。

 like untied ghetto shoes， dirty clothes， walking down the street。Like some lost dog lost dog。

OkayAnd here I kind of flip it around on her， I'm like。

 look on Tohetto shoes and because women are very， very aware of their social value and their appearance you know。

 it actually hits her and you'll see her open her back here and pull out high heels and actually change into the high heels because it's my little comment。

Do you still love me？You're kind of fun to talk to you your smart as， but I'm not smart as。

 I'm really not as smart as。What is that？What饭。change。I stripper up。I feel like ghetto now。

 I had it somewhat fixed and now I really feel like a dog。Wasた。I look hotter。

And I feel embarrassed and shy you embarrassedss and shy just because can't check yourself out in America？

I think you better tell her。I't even got a child to them。No joke down a little。

I never looked down on people， I actually had you only girls。So you。

 did you ever see the movie in the company of Men the movie in the company of men best movie I've ever seen ever。

No， I saw have sex or something。I got back to LA last week and I saw it and it's basically similar to like braiding you to get in the zone。

 It's basically two guys who goes six weeks using me to get in the saving charge Hunt girls saying I'm。

You're in the past。 I'm like， in the past， I would say this would be like my line to be like， girl。

 you're the type I'd only you're the type of girl I'd only fuck if I were drunk。

That's like the worst ever， but not， I think you're funny， I first I was kind like。

 but you're actually very quirky， so I got it。It's true， and you have intense eyes。

 usually people look away。I would usually look away because I'm so shy。So I'm not hot， I'm quirky。

 you're using me to get with other girls。You're using me to be your tour guide。

 you're using me to be basically your I know wing man but look at what you get in exchange What do I get the blessing of hanging out in my being in my presence of hanging out with me you're not that awesome。

I hate myself cry actually， do you ever watch the vampire Ar？It's my favorite show。

 I'm Damon Salvare。I cried during that show every single time。So even there in terms of like again。

 the way your mind associates things， it's like， you're not that awesome I'。

And then I'm like looking sad， trying to make myself cry for fun。 I think of that。

 then I think of vampire di。 I think of crying during the vampire di or how they mimic the emotions in the show。

 So I'm like， oh my God， do you ever watch the vampire Ar favorite show。 I cry every time。

 I'm this character。 So's like， now it's a lot smoother than before。😊，That's so random anyway。

 what are you doing right now， by the way， going back to where I'm saying， okay。

 don't go there why not hang out with me？Well， maybe I'm hanging out3 people fuck them。

 I'm your friend。You're so short。What's his racial background， where do you think he's from？And。

要不在旁边。It's worse， worse than Colombia Argentina I like Argentina。It let Mexico。Mexico he Win，y。

 this isn so gross。 like Winy never mind never mind Never mind。

 I was gonna say something really gross。 I' like， no， no， no， it's not relatable。I dude the。

 the the by the way， I'll tell you later the yesterday。What。I have interesting friends。How I。

suit no few I thought we were in love reparating Why do you like me， Why do you like me？

What do you mean， I never said I liked you， You don't， Why don't you like my mouth。

 Why don't you like trying to twist my mouth， Why don't you like me。嗯。You're using me。Okay。

 I've changed my mind， I've changed。Change change from a minute ago typical I'm trying to transform into a nice guy and you're like the missing piece to complete my transformation Are you a writer No what you should be。

I'm pretty smart getting like awkward really close to me does film。

How does this feel actually a little intimidating Like I would kiss you， but I'm afraid of the As。

 so I wouldn't。I can imagine it I'll think of it tonight when I'm with my。Sister or girlfriend。

 whatever you prefer。When I'm with my girlfriend， I'll think of you and be like。

 thank God more again。Oh the As， the herpes， oh my God， all over me， all over my mouth。

 oh my gosh videota right now why？Because this is funny as shit， because you love me so much。

Girlfriend， don't give me the dog that。 That's like the worst ever。What do you do this to me？

You are very interesting because I'm older and smarter。Oder and smarter。

I've been in college since I was 13， I almost had my bachelor's and I won be the 19 my bachelor'stime 18 my master's besttime I'm 20。

I love you even more。 actually I hated smart people。 I was just looking for some dumb piece of shit。

 Well，m sorry， I'm not dumb piece of shit so you can go fuck No。

 that's the why I should only be friends。That was joking， but I love to hit on those points。

 Don't take it seriously， I really don't mean that。I do't think you're smart。And even if you weren't。

 I wouldn't really care like I really don't smart well， there's two differences to smarts。

 there's two differences to smarts， there's academically smart and street smart。对。Academically smart。

 street smart and smart as smart。That's for。How much fun are you？

I'm all three to quote a girl to quote a girl。I'm the best kind of smarter。She going I don't know。

 I remember asking her。 I'm like she's like， I'm smart。 like really what kind of smart academic。

 like I' know， I said， all I said is like what kind of smart And she's like the best kind of smart。😊。

She was very smart。Yeah， he wants to go so with me。Tour guide， what's my name？I don't know。

 does it really matter？Call me Joe funny。Or call me， can you call me， can you say like daddy， daddy。

 can you give me one favorite， can you just like I mean， just super sexy say，Dady I'm 12？FW。

 why just daddy， I'm 12。Okay， so if you can notice here， I'm a lot more in the zone than before。

 and I didn't do anything different。 And I'm pretty much just doing the same thing as before。

 It's just time。 You know， it's like time following the process and trusting in the fucking process。

 And if you look at this video too， you'll never notice one point like where I was like out of state and then in state。

 you know， it's something that sneaks up on you。 like even in this interaction。

 It just gradually like 1%，1%，1% bang him in the fucking zone。 Okay， so you can do this。

 You don't have to bounce around on all these girls， just stick on one。

 and then focus on being congruent， embracing， laughing at yourself。 and time， know， simple as that。

 Now， if you want a little funny thing too in this video。 if you look at a drink right now。

 She's about to throw it aiming for the trash can。 but actually only hits some guy walking by behind it。

😊，And I'm sorry。You throw it on the guy。So heart。Wn。Okay。三。可。喂。什咩。That fucking dog， I don't judge。

 don't be fine， where's the love。不不他切歌。I'll make you walk that track。嗯。And notice too。

 like people are always like， oh， but it's during the day。 It's so different。 Not really， you know。

 it's like， I'm still physical during the day。 I'm still fucking around。

 I'm still saying obnoxious things during the day。 or're still hugging， you know， picking her up。

 It's the exact same thing。 Okay， as long as you're comfortable with it。

 You're not trying to force it。 as long as shes sucked into your reality。

 She forgets about the environment。 Like even watching this video here。

 I'm sure you got kind of sucked into the interaction。

 You weren't just looking at the people around like， wait a minute， what about the people around。

 you just get drawn into it。 Okay， your reality， your rules。😊，Don't worry about it。Fuck。Wait。

 when need。Ke。She's stupid and deaf car accident。I know。You're also smart as。

 you're a massive smart ass， you're worse than me。Way worse than me。Okay。反正。Way worse than me。

Are you where are you from originally， by the way？Bor in San Diego。

 grew up in Puerto Rico in Texas and Oklahoma place。S Antonio， are you a Rick Perry fan Rick Perry。

 Another little subtlety， too， is notice how I mix between fucking around saying bullshit。

 but also actually getting to know her like some sears。 like， oh， so what's your name。 Oh。

 so what you actually do。 You know， it's not just fucking around。 You have to balance it out。

I don't know who that governor of Texas， I don't know I have a smart。

years or soI don't know who he is either I just commercials do you're weird's a friend？

It was so sketchy he's right。He's my assistant。Look at sketchy。た好。喂。I do what。No what you say。

 Happ New hear。It's something like a dog， I wouldn't say that。So wait， women， Morgan。Okay。

 you want to know the one thing I really like about you， honestly。

Your reaction where I say something' super prorogcative， you're like this right？一在。

Like women wait what are you doing right now， can you hang out with me？

I don't think your friend really wants to fuck， my friend。 you can just walk around。

 We just got here yesterday。 That's why he's just walking around。 I got here yesterday， too。

 but he lived here。I told you I lived in eastern Virginia。 how long you here for until Friday？

That's it。What about us to， wait， woman。That way。Now。

What do we know now going to cemetery now what what is cemetery， don't worry about it。

's your imagination。Do you trust me？You shouldnt you shouldn't trust me， some massive。I do。

 what would you do by the number one？Okay， so what do I do there， Okay， basically up until now。

 I got myself in the zone。 Okay， I fucked around with the girl， she fucked around back。

 it's like it's clear we get along， it's clear that there's chemistry。 we've established that。

 you know we're a compatible match， let's just say。😊，Now from there， okay。

 you do have to move it towards you know making it happen。

 it's not just going to naturally happen like she's not just going to get on her knees and say start blowing you in the middle of the street。

So here I'm like， okay， we establish we get along。 How are we going to move this forward so we can both。

 you know， be comfortable and， you know， make cement this interaction， if you will。

 So what I do here is。😊，I've rented a condo， it's a few blocks， the direction we're going now。

 and then to the right and then to the left。And on the way。

 basically to go to my condo like a little further， there's this place called the Sanie。 Now。

 if I tell this girl， hey， let's go to my condo and fuck， obviously she's gonna say no。

 okay because you're putting her on the spot， you're making her feel like a slut。

So what do I do here， I give her logical excuses for her to do what she emotionally wants to do。

 So I suggest going to the sandwichie， which is like a sandwich the best sandwich place in Miami。

 if you ever go there， get a salad of br and forto。 But anyway， I'm like， let's go the sandwichie。

 And what I'm gonna do is's like， okay， I'm not a slu。

 we're in for sandwiches And as we're walking there。

 We're gonna walk in front of my fucking condo and then what do I have to do， just change my mind。

 It's like， oh you know what， let's just go inside。

 know there's a sandwich in my bed done you pull her or oh let me grab something real fast。

 you know what， come on in， you know what， fuck the sandwich tree， let's grab a drink here。

 let's go see that sandwich in my bed。 it's like whatever it is。

 that's how you pull you give her logical excuses。 you baby step it and you change your mind。

So I'm like Sananitary， and this here is just to get her starting to walk towards the sex location。

If you just try to sell into sex Yeah I'll take you to Vegas。

 you can make me a lot of money and I keep the same vibe going like the funs still going。

 it's all good， it's not like this huge shift in the vibe of the interaction。Very yes。

S Place cities where girls take kidnap nap all the time I know you're trusting me down some dark alley。

The middle of nowhere nobody around I totally just like。

It was the perfect fun if your friend is way behind us， fucking， just walk， just walk。

 just stitchitch him。He's fine， his girlfriend passed away last weekend brought him back out here trying to cheer him up。

No， but I would say that sometimes。He hugged me and spun me around as his girlfriend really passed away because he's drunk。

mHow you know， do you think I'm drunk？Iper in the club， I know what drunk is。

 your pupils are not that has nothing to do with drunkness， by the way。

 smell alcohol you likely likely not drunk。The pupils is kind of irrelevant， though because usually。

If you're just like really。P。Really， you'd be crazy girl。Make it right。Down the dark alley now。咁打我哋嘅。

Why。I thought it was like the beginning of some like。Ts super novel where。

Or I like the like the print。Gs in。It takes you to a better place。

She goes as beginning to go to chemistry Street because I wanted to grab some food。

 best food in all on in Miami， by the way。Or I have a shot。嗯。 you can't。3的是。你上吧。Gethetos right。

 my basement。喂，喂你 said几点问题。I ran the condo for a month。So what do I do here。

 I basically precede the pull。 Okay， And this is key。 If if I say， hey。

 let's go the sandwich tree and then we walk in front of my place。 I'm like， you know what fuck that。

 let's just go here。 It's a little too out of the blue。

 And even though it's still know enough logical excuses for her to not feel like a slut。

 She still won't fully feel at ease。 know because you aren't putting a lot of pressure on her。

 So what you want to do is you want to plant the seed beforehand。 So what do I do here。 I'm like。

 you know what， she's like， where we' going， I'm， sandwich tree。

 best sandwiches or we could go for a shot。 So I plant the seed of going for a shot。

 So that when we walk in front of my place， I'm like， hey， lets grab a shot real fast。

 So I say a shot。 And then she's like， well， I'm not 21。 I'm like， you know， we could do it。At。

 you know， like a ghetto joint like my place。 And she's like， wait， I thought you。

 you didn't live here。 I rented a condo for a month。

 So I planted the seed of a shot and condo that I live here。 so I can just。Bour in。

 and it's less out of the blue。 It's more expected， if you will。 Okay， preceding the pool。

 I'll do this， too， for example， if see you get in a car with a girl and you're going back to her place and you're like。

 oh， can I use your bathroom real fast to come up。 If you just say once you arrive there right when you're saying goodbye。

 it's most likely not gonna fly。 But if you plant that seatd say in the cab right over， you're like。

 oh， man， I really need to use the bathroom。 anyway， Cha cha， cha， cha chat。

 And then you call back to it once you're in front。 You know， it'll be more expected。

 it'll be preceded。 and more chances of it working。 So that's what I do here。

You dare walk to me there？Do you my friends seriously。Till Friday。So Friday。

T you bounce like we don't know each other after that， you're nothing to me。Never contact me again。

Never call my girlfriend never try to see my kids。 And then I just keep fucking around。 Okay。

 I'm not like， so， yes， you know， in this shot to my condo。

 I don't keep talking about it as long as we're moving there。 It's all good。

 Just keep the conversation lighthearted， fun。 and assume it's all good。I'm talking。

 you're very unimmusing， I try to be。I get bored otherwise。对啊。Sorry about you。

 why do you love me forever？W's my friend still following， by the way， no。

 I'm just some random amazing guy。系系。16th wait a。Yeah。Very， my basement。Are we really going to it。上方。

Okay， so once again at this video here， I mean， the lessons to really take out of it is one you can make it happen during the day。

 Okay， there is no difference at all。 You know， guys like， oh， during the day， you know。

 you must be very chill， very serious， It's a resume exchange。 You know， you must take her on a date。

 No， okay， as long as you can get yourself in that you know sex worthyy state。

 you don't have to bounce around and talk to a bunch of girls either as long as you don't force it as long as you embrace being in perfect in the beginning。

 trust in the process time and learn how to selfamuse。 learn how to establish a good connection。

 but then move the interaction forward， do that by giving her logical excuses to do what he emotionally wants to do。

 Okay， if she throws like any shit test or congruence test， let just say。

 don't take it personally instead， take it further and expand upon it。😊。

And precede the fucking pull and glory will fucking happen。

