# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：6.奖金：十大法则-内场教练 The 10 Laws- Infield Coaching【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Instead of resisting it， embrace it， tell the girl， oh I'm really in my head。

 Oh I feel like everyone's judging me right now， oh I'm really nervous about how I look right now in this club。

There you go， just by embracing it， suddenly a lot of those negative emotions are gone and you're being real and you're being congruent because it's trying to be cool when you're not feeling cool。

Or like again cool quote unquote it being cool it actually been congruent that's what fucks you up It's like you're in your head you're worried and you're like okay。

Hey， trying to be like， it's not real， to be like， oh hey， you know I'm really in my head right now。

 I feel like everyone's judging me。I haven't taken I haven't generated enough。

 I feel like I'm reacting the environment I probably gripped a little bit too arm like at that point I kind of like squeezed it a little bit too arm like I was like the second I was in my head like I did do the cogruence。

The gry thing。 That's actually when the girl came a bit。 And I walked up to him like I told her。

 I honestly think you're cute。 I don't know you too much further than that。

 I want to talk to you because but I'm really sad right now。 So I'll just do this anyway。

 So I was always talking。 And then she's like like all right， well， this is what we're gonna do。

 This is what she said to not was that fun she goes，You're going to， this our ultimatum。

 you're going to go get us some two drinks。And you're gonna come back with them or you're going to pop off。

 and I was like I was like， you just used to say that she goes yeah out was like。

 look I probably wouldn't mind buying a drink otherwise when you're cool。

But the fact said that actually made me a little sad， that' not。Why did make you sad？

Maybe I don't know because they were nice people first like the girls super nice actually I't even I wasn't coming from a game mindset should be happy in the habits。

 You determine very fast。 There's no chemistry。 It's not something someone you'd want to be with。

What if she didn't say that then it would have come out later。That's awesome again。

 it's like this is not about making all the girls like you。 it's sorting through the bullshit。

 finding the ones you're meant to be with there're going to be a lot you're not meant to be with。

 and there should be zero negativity should be like， okay， sorry， great night done。

I put pressure for myself because I feel like she reacted that way because I was acting a certain I thought was my faultep again for you it's as long as it's coming from good intentions as long as you're offering value you're being real trying to make yourself feel good like that the only other angle you could think is like okay。

 are the requirements met Can she hear me etca， etc cetera I it win win。Relatable and if so。

 all that is met。Let it go。我在这儿。There'll be a lot of girls thatll happen like you inside you' be like。

 hey and the' like， fuck off。Okay， and also accept too that these girls don't know you。

 It's not like this girl who knows your entire story where you're coming from is telling you to fuck off。

It could be anyone Imagine like again you're walking down the street。

 there's a bunch of homeless people and say it's like you get 10 in a row and next's like really pissy。

 but like， I'll be nice and after a while you just like， you know what fuck they strike fuck off。

It almost was like， why he knows my entire life， why would he do this？You know。

 finding what you generally find funny， but also lowering the fucking bar。

Guess what when I say like this will happen I like write down three things you said or did you found funny you're immediately thinking the best shit you said or like stand up comedy level it's like what are three things if I said it to joy to be like really smart it could just be I asked her how old she was。

That that's often one in my list like anyway hell are you it made me' not I made you feel good lower that bar you to have like fucking thousands of these I was literally just trying to come across as like I don't care if I sleep with you this is for me this is fun and I got caught in that and I never actually ended up executing like the cold。

Okay， I mean I think that's where I got that explains it。 But then getting deeper。

 It's asking yourself， okay， why did I get caught up in that。

 What was I fearing by not getting caught up in that Like you were fearing something which why you stay caught up in because otherwise the way things go。

 and everyone occasionally falls into this， it's like， remember expansion。

 if you actually playing the when you're talking that girl， you join the。

 you would naturally gravitate towards something more the fear is not always like obvious。

 but it's like was where was the blockage unconsciously that kept me in that safe because at some point I let her go because was like I'm doing really good at's So do you think it is go of what。

This is where it's tough， this is where you have to go full introspection mode and it's like it's can be tough to put into words but like go inside like so if I'm going to like take it off the list。

 I don't think it was like。like no because the room itself is like I'm pretty confident。

 I get it growing in a room it's going happen Yeah And so the room itself is in good shape。

 the issue they put a new A。I don't they gave you before the AC I mean events and stuff go into the。

So that's the thing to reflect on it。 Yeah， right， do you have any I don't know。

 like if you're going to speculate like what would you say。

I would probably link it to selfim away and to what you mentioned before。

 like what your criteria for success is where it's like gaming well， it's not to win。

 it's not to get the girl， it's not to bring the interaction to his climax， it's to do well I game。

And doing well a game is very different than mappingping it up。

You know so it could be that so then it's like okay identifying it and then kind of going deep inside be like hey。

 what is my goal what is my win here because the community would also condition you on it's not actually to get the girl it's to not fuck up it's to not get rejected It's pretty whack it's like you actually get good at this you have to step out。

OutOut of a lot of the community dogma， so it's like， okay， what's my win okay。

 in general your win is feeling good。In an interaction， feeling good。

 that'll translate into expansion that'll lead towards sex。 It's not gaming well。

 it's not looking cool， it's feeling good and havingping that with the girl。

So at least now it's like it's something to reflect on this just speculation that's like it's unique to everyone。

 whatever the fear is， but it's like kind of reflecting on that like， okay， why did that happen？

What was okay， what was I afraid of？What's so bad about that how am I going to try to fix it so kind of being aware of that goal tonight is okay my goal is feeling good and is keep on feeling good following expansion throughout the night。

You know， and that's what to make you feel better it's like at the end of the night。

 even if you get it or not， the fact you kind of stuck through and pushed it to how far it would go。

 then maintain Im like super fish like， okay， I did well。

 say whatever you want to say as long as overall you getre like okay this is good you say it。

Then observed is she relating or not and if not， pick another course of action that's still congruent that she can relate to now。

 except though， that at some point I mean with some girls。

 no matter what course of action you pick that congruent。

 it's not going to enter the win It's like your sphere， her sphere。

 there's not going to be a match where it's win win in that case it's like they have a great night But for a lot of girls is like finding that middle ground that's win win Okay kind of after the fact what's the most common thing that calibrating after the fact but never sacrificing the realness。

If you feel like the only way to make it relatable is to sacrifice your realness。Have a great night。

I know it's one thing like a lot of times you'll do stuff that's actually not doesn't click in the girls reality to kind of like is it kind shake up your own mentality like your mental state like when you feel like you're likere like a little more like because I know you'll do that like you your own states like for your own right。

 when then you cut it back。 Yeah， it's okay， it's a few things it's one。 remember right now。

 your only goal is make yourself feel fucking amazing。 That's it。 now beyond that， of course。

 you have to be relatable occasionally break those rules Like sometimes if I'm talking to a girl。😊。

And I have a choice like I say something and it's a little too out there。

 I could tone it down to something else that's congruent to make it click and that would feel good。

 but occasionally it would also feel good to just be like fuck it and say another thing two out there and just have a runoff。

I'll do that I'll fuck up some sets if I find it funny， not always， it's like the one%， two5%。

 let's just say。And mainly in the beginning of the night because this too。

 all these girls in the first part of the night， you reopen them later on you you leave with them like like run off All you have to do is go back to her later and open with a statement of empathy。

 Hey sorry Bob before I fucking around you're back in Plus she'll remember you。Okay you know。

 and with reopening as well， always get the habit of reopening because with that tempo of the night。

 all these girls， a lot of them are going to like you and they're going to be hoping for to see you later when you can kind of eate you know to the climax。

 but yeah so。Break the rule occasionally。 Sam for you， man。

 It's like if there's something you're like you know what， fuck it， go for it every once a all。

 just make don't make it your foundation。 Really take that pressure off in terms of like trying to do well fast。

 Okay， we，'s like the night's fucking long like it's long as fucking like literally everything we do now till。

On average midnight 30 it's all bullshit like we could talk to a bunch of girls here。

 get a bunch of even no numbers at midnight 30 we're all going to be here with no fucking girls。

Literally different like literally， we of you of no girls。

 however we're going to feel very differently if we just stand here and wait and talk to a bunch of girls and wait。

Thus value how you fucking and feel okay， now beyond that too。

 let's slowly try to add on a little bit of the logistics okay。

 the plane the paradox is where you guys asking those five questions。Who are you here with。

 how do you guys know each other， what area do you live in， how are you going home。

 do you have roommates， what are you doing later tonight， what are you doing tomorrow？

If you're not asking them， I suggest making it the habits and also realize that if you don't ask for the logistics。

 you're not playing to win， you're not actually thinking about winning because if you were。

It would be a byproduct， you'd just immediately be asking those logistics。

If I told you I now try to have sex with her， you would immediately start asking the logistics because that's your end goal。

If you don't ask for the logistics， it should be a huge warning sign， you're not playing to have sex。

 you're not playing to expand。You're playing to do well。

 you don't need the logistics to do well you only need the logistics if you're going to push it further。

So huge okay， let's start getting those logistics and start getting some numbers too okay。

 you don't always have to do it break this rule as well there's a lot of girls I fuck around with I'll just leave without getting the number。

 but if it's a girl you like get the logistics what's your phone number text your name so you got the lead so you can commit to her later in the night at midnight 30。

 I'm going to come up to you'd be like okay， where's the set to commit to。Ideally。

 you should be in a that should be like your set for the night， 45 minutes set， hour long set。

 two hour long set。Okay， midnight 30 now to kind of use this transition and if you're kind of aware you'll adapt to the tempo of the night。

 every interaction should be a little bit longer as than I progresses Okay and just in terms of your transition to if all your sets right now are like two minutes。

 two minutes， two minutes and then midnight 30 hits they' like hour and a half it just two drasticing So try to make every interaction a little bit longer and it doesn't matter with who just a little bit longer you kind of ease yourself in I open and you were there it' just like fuck around at the wine now funny enough when I open to there was a little bit of like frustration because like we just shoot off that bond girl or something and I was like God damn it。

 I'm like you two bought it like that she's like God like hook。It was real。

 slow it down then start fucking around， it's like， yeah， go da da da da。

 crack into that breaking bad shit。For me， that's still new enough in a way I basically created again it's like to check this out Yeah。

 it's like check this out what's my fun I'm having， check this out in real or in Okay。

 and this too should be the best way like you guys should view opening Okay。

 here's a great catch line The best way to open is to skip the open。Ac as if you're already opener。

 Hey， so anyway， this is a like that。 It assumes familiarity and it reinforces to check this out。

Okay， that's what I did。 I'm like， yeah， you know， she's like。

 what do you do And I'm like literally the breaking bad plotlight I got that from Luke。

 I find it fucking hilarious it goes hand in hand like stretching and I'm like， yeah。

 you know what I cook me。And she didn't catch on， which she made it even fucking awesome。

 like I kept pushing it to the point。 I'm like yeah， you know。

 myike student was with a junky girlfriend。 she was Od and I was watching her and I used to drink a lot of the time。

 That's why I don't drink now because she was kept running off from me drinking like no and I let her die like full straight up she's like。

 oh my God I even like showed her like my name's Heisenberg like breaking back and showed her like fucking the Heisenberg logo from breaking back like that's my brand She's like oh my God because she never saw it and I'm likes joke around a bit more then sew down get the logistics。

 like， yeah I'm having drink I'm going home right after I know she's going home early where do you live few blocks away fucking awesome she had some more meet you I grab you in。

And this too is like get those girls meeting your friends。 I remember you asked me where you left。

 she goes like too much eyes like。Im like， perfect， okay， but this whole being the producer is big。

The more you can kind of bring people in on the girls， the better。

Don't leave the set if you like the girl though and don't let the guy like fully take over like you're still in control but I'll use that a lot Oftentimes all I'll do is I'll just kind of open a bunch of girls around and throw you talk to her talk to her talk to her。

 talk to her like chs and I like use you guys to keep all the girls But because I'm the going to opens him and threw them on you who are they thinking about me who's your friend。

 what about your friend， what about your friend。So you can got like play that。

 you become the introducer， you guys should be the introduce， open girls。

 you should be throwing them on each other because that too it's like， sayy open to girl， hey。

 this is my friend。Why doesn't anyone want to talk to me？What I heard about that for summer。

 I heard he did that I do it all the time。 And again， then you find it funny and my mind like。

Makes me feel good and it plays on that optionality abundance takes a lot of pressure off because have all these girls think that plays a lot inse I like Well there's your scarcity there's the pressure scarcity。

If you knew you'd fuck a 1 at the end of the night， would you hear？你位啊。なで。You wouldn't mind。

 you' like go here。Okay， anything to reinforce that abundance。

 how would you act if like you're going to fuck a attend tonight？And this is another good rule。

 like it's all paradoxes like playing those paradoxes。

Until midnight 30 until the second part of the night， no one has a target。Still get the numbers。

 still get the leaves， that's a paradox， but no one has a target。

 you should not even be thinking about a target so midnight 30 kicks in this my friend Jordan。

Good now come on in。Now， a couple things。Fuck around， be congruent。

And be okay with their walking away。If any of you felt a little drop in the girl leaving like。

 oh wait， no。Where is the attachment doing well I game？All good， it's about how you feel after。

Do you feel better？Now， then before the open。The answer is yes you're on the right course。

 if it's wrong， they' doing it wrong。And that's the criteria for success。Fun expansion。

Succeed and get validation or get the girl。There's only upside for the girl and there's only upside for you right now and the check ups is like look around and。

Take it in。It sounds super cheey， but like look around and be like。Here we are in LA。Doing this。

Cool people。FuckAnd that'll immediately sapp you the fuck out of it， whatever the pity like oh。

 the girls。漂亮。Okay， down。Review a couple things， this is your big thinking point， think expansion。

 not alone but with other people。Notice a lot of who you are is kind of like isolated on the side。

You don't really participate that much， there's not like you're kind of like。Scanning on your own。

This is not something you turn on with the girls， you should be like gaming us。

 you should be participating here， you should be like。It's like that share and expressiveness。

And that's too， if you ever catch yourself scanning the environment， horrible。

Where's the best spot to sit at a table， where's the best seat？The one you're in。

You see yourself scanning to be somewhere else or it' telling your mind this such the values elsewhere now this is the place to be you're not doing what can you do here to inspire them to come。

Okay， and it's not you needing something external if you're doing it yourself and sharing with everyone。

Don't discriminate， don't only give it tohawk girls， don't only give it to girls。

 give it to everyone I game you guys。I'm sharing my fun right now you guys。I do with girls。

 I do with everyone， good on the girl where did they go south as soon as I try to pull her away from the f？

You turn into an obstacle literally like the bouncers like， hey， can you guys move。

 so I just picked up the mover。Now big one I felt her like pulling and I was like。

Try to like hold it， but it didn't work a things like she likes you but she doesn't want it to split from her friends right。

She doesn't look like a son front of her friends and her friends don't want to let her leave with someone they didn't talk to or get to know very well。

So that's things like she was down， she loved you。The and that's the thing too。We tend to think like。

 okay， I just see more attraction from her so she goes against her friends but in reality it's like she's good。

Let's take two minutes to like game all the friends how can you go with them Every girl here is going back to a bed at the end of the night how can you go back to their bed。

Really good set though， really good remind yourself。

 you're going in good intentions offering fucking value and realness。

What are these rows going to benefit from talking to you， what are they going to get out of it？

If you're actually focused on the giving， you'd be a fully at ease if I told you right now。

 walk up this girl give her a million dollars。Would you be like， oh， excuse me？

Would you like a million dollars？Would you feel confident interrupting your conversation？Yeah。

 you're like， hey， check this out， here's a million dollars。

It should be like that with your vibe right now it's midnight 30， officially 35。So officially。

 as a five minutes ago， the real game started。Up until then。

Not even the game it's just like fucking like practice run it's like you go to an NBA game that's like the practice shots the game starts now So what does that mean just in general too in terms of like managing your energy？

Big newbie mistake， they run around like crazy the first hour and a half trying to do well and they're exhausted now。

You know。You're just naturally going to be exhausted， imagine going like crazy。

So pace your night just is a general rule， it's a marathon。At the second part of the night。

 that's when you want to have fucking tons of energy and be ready to rock it。Now ideally。

 at this point you have a lot of energy， but you also have leaves。You have a bunch of numbers。

 you have a bunch of logistics， you remember the logistics of every single number and you remember how hot the girl is。

How many numbers do you have？1。Okay， so just this could be easily corrected with a little habit。Okay。

 and so it naturally happen if you're thinking about winning。

 plan to win because we discuss like you think about winning。

 you're going to naturally ask the logistics， if you think about winning。

 you're going to naturally try to expand it and if it stops。

 you're going to try different courses of action。If you can't pull her， you go with her。

 if you can't go with her， you get her number， you don't let her go。Okay， yeah。

 we will let her go because like， oh， I try to pull and if it didn't work， whatever good enough。

 I guess。Or then you're like， oh， I don't want to look weak getting her number， you get her number。

 it's like playing to win。🎼Okay， so the way to that Yeah。

 it's like driver the pull but also understand， too， that in the first part。

 it's rarely going happen。 So if you try， expect it not to necessarily go all the way through。 Okay。

 it can happen。 like if the girls down don't be like， oh， it's the first part I'm not gonna to pull。

 but a lot of those girls just way too early。 So the best you can hope for 95% the time and the first half is numbers。

So I'm going to be going for a ton of logistics， a ton of numbers。

 there's a really good app you can get as well if you have an iPhone it's called New digits。

 this little yellow one here， it's like a buck。And it shows you all the numbers you get on the date and time which you get them so all you have to do now is say you get like five。

10 numbers， you pop up new digits， you have all your numbers lined up。Now ideally。

 one thing I'd recommend doing too is every time you get a number until you can kind of remember very clearly who's who write down to five fucking logistical answers to those questions。

 every single girl。Like that's the key imagine now you have five numbers。 you remember all the girls。

 you text them your name already， you know their logistics right now I'm like， okay。

 let's come commit into to a set。Yeah， you can go to a new girl or you can go back to one of these and you can make a lot more of an educated decision。

 you know how quote unquote difficult the logistics are， you know how hot the girl is。You know。

 say hotness justifies difficult logistics， you know kind of which one to go for。

It's less up to chance。Okay， you always want to make things easy for yourself。

 you think now what can I do to make it easier later。

 what can you do in the first part of the night so that now you're in a good situation。

 manage your energy， get yourself into a great fucking mood and get a bunch of leads。Phone numbers。

And it's simple habits。Until the mentality of plane to wind kicks in。Okay。

 so for the next two nights it's like every fucking girl you have five minutes like this is the new rule next two nights every girl and starting now to the rest of the night and the first five minutes I want to answer to those five questions I'm be quizzing you on I'm gonna pull you out answer it like how do they know each other What are they doing tomorrow How are they going home You fail to answer one？

There'll be consequences， maybe a push up in front of the girl， something。

I want a full on habit okay， every single interaction as well that lasts longer than two or three minutes。

 you don't leave without asking for a number from now on。

 that doesn't mean ask for two three minutes in it means before it ends。

That applies for the first part of the night， starting now， no numbers。

Now you're going for the pull or the go with is starting now。

 pulling or going with the girl enters the wind win。Okay， now it's like relatable。

 now these girls guess what they're kind of reaching that climax。

 Now what you'll realize too is right now， your interactions fun little opens won't go as well as earlier in the night。

And you'll probably realize it's like throughout the night like in the beginning。

 you can kind of go into like， hey， what's up and the girl just arriveds， she's like oh new people。

 she's down to kind of chat to everyone， not anymore。Right now， the girl's hot， she's in approached。

 she's chatted to a lot of people， she's looking for that guy。You go up like， hey。

 a little fun thing， no time for that。You'll be dismissed okay， so keep that in mind。

 that's the importance of kind of getting yourself in that really good state now。

 but in terms of the opens now just keep it very casual， okay？

It's that climax where it's like pump per ses pumps。

Now let's find a guy casually build it up to the pull it's not pump pump pump pump pump times it's endurance go with the flow so a lot of my opens now they're still be congruent how I feel but they're usually kind of like hey how's it going Oh cool and I'm looking for that long set。

Okay， right now， what do you say your longest interactions are up until now？It means yeah。

 15 minutes， 10 minutes，10 minutes， max 15， 20 minutes。1 max 15。🎼Yeah，152 to same okay。

Not enough for a bull。Okay， cute， your game could be 10 out of 10。

If that's the length of your interaction， nothing will happen。

You got a double triple quadruple that length so even now in terms of how you act and how you go about it。

 how would you act to maintain it an hour， how would you act to maintain it an hour and a half？Yeah。

 you'd slow it down， has it out， the same as night， pacete it out， take your time。

 don't try to go too fast or you'll become an obstacle to her。Okay。

 this whole win win is like such a crucial fucking law， so much rejection is simply it's not win win。

You turn into an obstacle， there's a downside。Okay， so here we are in the second part。

 we're not ideals， we don't got leads。Whatever。But it doesn't mean it's over okay。

 now a trap you may fall into is now it's the second part of the night you're like， oh shit。

 it's the second part of the night time to commit and now you're attached to the outcome。

Now you're not going to want to talk to everyone， you talk to girl is' not high you're not going to want to commit either。

And that's usually as so sign note as I mentioned to you， get the logistics of every girl hot or not。

 get the number of every girl hot or not。You want to make it a fucking habit and guess what， even。

Until now you want to make it a habit and suit just thinking about it。 It's like every girl。

 So just who you are。 you're just always getting the logistics Okay。

 and even the number it's like get the girl's number if you don't like her， you can always delete it。

 But guess what a girl's not attractive。 What does she have Probably some attractive friends。

 You never know Maybe she's going to a party later Maybe you invite her around another night。

 you can use her as a mom to get a hot girl。That's the ideal。

 so you got three nights in a row like we're doing here， you get a bunch of leaves now。

You text them like all the numbers ideally and we'll do this tomorrow at midnight 30。

 you text them one by one where are you where are you where are you at the end of the night if you don't pull you call them tomorrow when you text them what are you doing tonight。

 you invite them out tomorrow the night after you invite the numbers from tonight from tomorrow night the night after you create this fucking ripipple effect you're always rolling with fucking girls。

This here is I playing the paradoxes the emotional。

 the logical it's stuff because this is what's so complicated about too。

 it's like it's these subtletiess。In the emotional layer and how to fuck you teach the emotional layer。

 you can only teach it really by experiencing it or seeing someone else experience it you can't fully put it into words that's why all the contents is right but it's only describing part of it or it's like it's pointing you in the direction will'll never encompass it。

You know， and it like like another one， like a good example is this， here's another good one。

Making a joke because you actually want to make a joke or making a joke when it's fake。

 Here's the two scenarios。 say you're with a friend。 You have a cool joke。

 you want to share with your friend， comes in the moment。 joke。 everyone laughs。😊。

Now say you're with a boss， you want a fucking promotion， you make a joke， same exact joke。

 you both laugh， the boss laughs too， subtlety in the line。It's those little nuances。That makes game。

 that's it， and it's like those little 0。1% tweaks you hear from nothing to everything。

It's super tough but once you get it then you fucking feel it but it's tough and it's like a lot of it's like finding balance too it's oh shit too much a little less little less like that Yeah we'll get a feel for it and there's a lot but those laws are like really good pillarers to gonna get a feel and like guide you to there。

Okay， but let's kind of wrap on this。欢迎 the。Where's the best seat at the table？

Here why you scanning the environment so a couple things so starting now don't get shoved in your head with that outcome still talk to everyone the only difference is you're talking everyone having equal much fun with everyone but once you fall on a girl you find attractive。

Com本。With logistics， you're not looking for easy logistics。

 you're just making sure it's not impossible， logistics are going to be fucked all the time。

 it's always going to be shitty logistics， okay？But you have to make that decision and when you make that decision。

 take your time， long sets and you're going to counter a lot of resistance wanting to bounce out early。

 it's going to be messy， you're gonna get maybe a little tired if you're like。

 do I really want to fucking see if I can walk this go back to a place。

 maybe I drive it back to Hollywood and pass out。No。You fucking commit， you commit， you go all out。

 you get that epic story of either poll or something crazy that happens。 you're trying for a poll。

 but I want a long set。 that's the mission now I want a 45 minute interaction but hopefully go somewhere another catch race to kind of keep in mind is when you open always match their reactions。

 So I'm going say you jump in。AndThe oven is good， you go up， but they're like kind of like tests。

 it's like kind of surprise like oh shit， and then you lean in more。If they lean back。

 lean back as well， oh let's just match it。From there。You were talking， it was good。

 it was a lot more gentle， but it was still a lot of doing。B boom， so you kind of acknowledge like。

 okay， they're out fully hooked， they're set back and then you're like。

Did it did did it did did it did。Doing， not inspiring。

So one thing you'll see me do and this is important for you too。

 is I'm talking to a girl and say doesn't look like that I'm like  he， da， da， and she's。

You'll kind of see me do this little jolt in way I' like。Like that。

Like I'll kind of just like laugh and like just like shake up those positive emotions within myself。

And then it draws them in so little challenge here。Make me laugh without doing。Make me laugh。个。

Now notice just in the eyes， like， you're trying to do。

How do you make me laugh to genuinely make yourself feel those emotions you want me to feel。

 So it's you doing to you。You can't do it to me， you have to do it to you and like actually summon it authentically。

哪个啦。I feel forced， you wouldn't be saying okay if you actually were like laughing。我。下午完没有啊？はい。回。可。い回。

You can also talk， you can do whatever， make me laugh whatever you want to do， make me laugh。

 give those emotions。Yeah。あよ。it's like， anything I say at this one， I feel like I'm going to try。

 so I'm trying to like not try。And you're still trying。How I it's likeNow with this one here。

 I'll do it sometimes。Putting you in this role here。

 it's most impossible you do it just straight up it's one of those like me laughing and like like that。

But what's good about it is that that question like that challenge brings fuck tons of awareness to the doing versus inspiring。

 but you're like， holy shit， how do it？It's like I'm doing it say it fuck with your head big time there's a guy in Vegas last week he's actually here tonight same thing like make me laugh。

And it's like actually like okay， how the fuck do I sum it is like really good emotions inside me and it's like you authentic。

 I can't even force like dis summoniting it like。It's like super tough。

 it's like that getting in touch with the eternals just for you。

Even letting go and this is how fucked is letting go of the outcome of me laughing。

Because that's who then you can feel good and then you're like， okay。

 you're laughing a bit and then you're looking like。一起来。You don't create perfection。

 but whenever it's like that it's like you would， be very aware of the doing and start associating the doing with like disgust。

I'm doing inspire okay take you can do tests as well， like you talk to the girl， take a step back。

See if she'll lean in， if not， she's out inspired enough。You want that magnetic effect。

That's really the value that's in a way too， if you see me do like sometimes these pushes and shit and the girls stay。

 it's just that magnetic vibe Yeah， you have the magnet underlying it。

It's not the pushes that make him do it， it's like， oh they want more of that。This is the foundation。

 So what happened So I mean I tried to outside the three different times in that case。

 plan B go let me ask you this。 He's your best friend。 Did you befriend him。 Did you win him over。

He likes you。 He wasn't talking to you there。 Why were you chatting him I wasn'ttting at a point where she stopped about was like here no game the guy even here walking。

 you should be talking to the fucking guys you walk。So if he likes you， that's your end。

Your goal gets to the bed。 Get to the bed。 if she's like， oh， you know。

 my guy keeps talking uncomfortable fucking。 he loves you。 It's awesome。

 And it just gives her like the opportunity for you to keep showcasing your personality。

 She sees her fucking best friend。 love you so much All you had to do is just stick on the fucking guy。

 She's talking to bouncer game the guy。 with the pull。

 and this is big you can be always just one on one with the girl。 especially the going with。

 It's like her whole group better fucking love you and you'd be better be like bounce off for a couple minutes here and there are a friends。

 Remember， energy has nothing to do with it。😊，Don't put all that energy in the first half。

 And a lot of your game is energy， by the way， be careful with that。 It's a lot about。

It's suckment with energy。It can work， but second and more like positivity because the energy let it burn you out。

Because yeah， it's like so much and I get like。And probably here you're thinking， okay。

 I got to open them and I got to bring that energy back， you know？

Just thinking just realizing that it's like so much， you don't have to be the energy hey what's up？

Okay， especially with Levi it's like hey， what's up。

 he's probably already in said you don't do anything， just's it going。

Till just cool yeah and think for the poll here， endurance plus logistics， endurance plus logistics。

 it's not doing anything， it's just enduring it till。

Either they go with you or you go back to their place， but I wanted a big story for tomorrow。

And remind yourself of this too you don't know what'll happen until you're in bed at the end of the night right now you could be like this。

 you go in， bang open the hottest scroll fuckcker。That'll happen a fuck time， you don't know。Okay。

 so epic story tomorrow。 Thanks， William appreciate it。Good shit， every story tomorrow， let it burn。

