# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战12-高级拉力（奖金） Infield 12 - Advanced Pull (Bonus)【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

This is in part two of the nights。However， like we beginning of part  two of the night。 However。

 I amplify the bind temperature faster than the course of the nights。 And when you do this。At times。

 you can pull earlier。Okay， however， this is something that you add on top of everything else。 Okay。

 so what I'm doing here is I'm on top of all the 10 laws。Going up。

 offering value and one little tool that should naturally happen here and there。

 But I kind of amplify it because I find it amusing。

 It makes me feel good is stripping the girl a validation for fun。

 It's like playfully challenging the girl being playfully provocative。 Let's just say， flirting。😊。

Now， the way flirting years ago is you challenge her。 She playfully challenges you back。

 You joke around。 You challenge her some more， playfully challenged you back。 so on and so forth。

 What I do here is I try to create a vacuum effect。 Okay， now。

 this will only work if you're on top of the 10 laws and you're already feeling good and are already offering value。

 Otherwise I shall'll walk away。 She like， well， fuck you dude and walk away。

 So what I do is I'm having a great time。 And then I do a little push。

 And instead of waiting for her to have a little push back。

 I cut the thread and lead to the next topic。😊，No。Yeah， in her mind， now it's like， oh。

 I didn't have my comeback。 So now she wants her come back。 And now she wants more and more and more。

 And you can create this vacuum effect。It's a little tool to sprinkle on top of everything if you do this standalone。

 you'll be a creeper。So。I'm talking these girls and with a buddy of mine。

 and this girl like stops him and he's like， da， da， da， da， this kid。I mean。

Why are you hating my friend？ So she's like， stop following me。 like， why you hating my friend？

 And it turns out as this girl we talked to a couple nights before。 So I'm like， oh shit， you again。

Oh。I forgot about you。How does you feel to see us again， But in a much hotter ghetto or attire。

 this came from the gym。 So again， the way my mind works。 Oh， how does it feel to see us again。

 But in a much hot ghetware attire because I'm wearing like a hoodie。 I just came from the gym。

 I didn't。 But the hoodie made me think of the gym go。

 I just came from the gym Did I actually out the gym。 No， do you go to the gym。 No。

 So it's a lot of these like playful challenges。 gym。 I go to the gym every。😊。

I have a where she's like my house。My gym's better。It doesn't have to make sense。

 It is like adding that playfully provocative vibe。yourself again。

 although I know her friends like just right here？You know， I'm here with him。All people over there。

The drama and the。I don't know who big。sitting on。Julian。

Another thing to notice is facial expressions。 A good amount of my game is in fucking facial expressions。

 I communicate a lot。 Like， look at the shit。 It's like。😊，I'm like， hi。Okay， observe the face。

I don't know who they。Every。Juulian。Booone just this subtle things gets her hooked in。

 and he has a lovely girl。大。有さ。What's the name of the singer。

 Lorden no I can't remember it's like I thought I was here last but like I knew the singer a year ago when I lived here。

香る。And just that too， it's like notice this like how hold are you， what do I do with my eyes。

 what facial expression？I look down like， old are， how old are you， Sub， like， how old are you。

Just that。 Okay， this is something you'll kind of naturally notice， like the more advanced you get。

You'll do a lot less。 But something you can practice to kind of get there faster is try to accomplish whatever you're trying to accomplish doing the bare minimum。

 So what does that mean say， you're trying to get a reaction like the girl's like， what the fuck。

 What are some ways of doing that， You could look at her clothes， be like， what is that， Nice dress。

 What's her reaction， what。That's the reaction you want。

 What's some other things you could do that you could like dumb down or simplify to get the same reaction。

 You could be like， e， what or。Just that。What， you get the same reaction doing a lot less。

I do that a lot in my game， it's like little things that get the same reaction。

 which most guys like have to do a lot for。Okay， that's the more advanced you get。 Actually。

 a lot of it for facial expressions， as cheesy as it sounds was from the TV show， the Vapire Airries。

I used to talk about that show all the time for you guys have been around for a while。 But no。

 that's like why I learned like a lot of subcomications because and a lot of drama。 It's like。

 so in that show， super cheesy show。 But there's every single dramatic plot line in the book on repeat。

 So all the characters at some point date each other fall in love with each other B up with each other It's the same emotions over and over and over again。

😊，And number two， the acting of these guys， especially this one actor， Ian Summerhalder。

 is so exaggerated。 It's ridiculous， but it， you can't help but zone in on the subcomations。

 like every little emotion。 It's like the eyes are amplified。 It's like。Like that。

 And were like this way he does is weird。 Like you could even go on YouTube。

 do like vampire dis I thing。 And there was like cops of all these little eye movements he does。

 So it's like your zone in。 you're like， whoa， so you can communicate different emotions and stuff through that。

 So that kind of got me in touch with it。 then you kind of amplified。 And we'll do some exercises。😊。

Yeah。What what was it quick， What was the thing you said in part 3 the night。

 you can speed up the poll by impifying something Oh， this is the one。 This is part 2， though。

 I amplified by doing that vacuum effect， basically， which I'm gonna start doing in a bit。

 But it all starts with these playful challenges that I then start stacking。Bres right there Mike。

So like this， wrinkles right there。Now， once again， the reason she doesn't get offended here is one。

 I'm not doing it to bring her down。 I'm doing it is a playful challenge。

 My challenges are pretty out there。 And number two， because I'm on top of the 10 laws。

 I'm offering a lot of value in the vibe。 That's what's keeping her there。

 If you're offering nothing and you're like wrinkles。 She'll be like。

 fuck you dude and you're done okay。对谢。And a lot in the eyes， Too。 And I'm like wrinkles right there。

 The eyes are like， what you're going to do。 But it's still like， I like you。

 what you're going to do。 that。Somemer girls like you have wrinkles。Sorry。People are like。

 I love your voice。 So this girl has the most annoying voice in the world， Heads up。😊。

So I call her out on it。 I'm like， man， if I had to listen you falling asleep， I kill myself。

 I hate your voice。 So if I had to listen to you falling asleep， I could kill myself。

And it goes you a bad。Like it's like a bird chirping over。over。

I kiddI just never talk to girls my French is perfect， my English is perfect。You're fresh spoil。

 say bo。Is not that bad actually that's not that bad most Americans like but I sure no we sure I mean I learned。

I studied French and high school and that was many years ago I had pro feet。Masssses。

 but it's so sexy I my here。I feel very pervy like。role play to my mom， a grandmother。No， you know I。

 So there's like one little example。 It's like， I do the push funny enough in a compliment。 So again。

 here you get really advanced。 So I'm like， you know， it's so awesome。 You're old。

 We could role play you're my mom。😊，So I'm complimenting her doing the backhanded thing。

Then before she has her comeback， she's like， what， What do you move to L。Dele， cut the thread。

 And now there's that little need where she needs to have her come back that gets her chasing。

My nonprofit。 I'm never going call you。 This is my nonprofit。 I'm never going call you。

 It's pretty much everything I'm doing is like a little playful challenge。

 a little playful push in a way。😊，I'm outside your league。

 She's like you don't have to go I'm outside your league， another stack it stack it。

 but thanks for trying， but thanks for trying You know what， it's all good but it'd be good my way。

If you goLi one， little one， little one， little one， like just cut it， little one， little one。

 little one， your mouth herere talking me let me you。Wait don't worry， I just want to see something。

Besidesさ願。Get on your knees and beg to talk to me。Go to the website， go to my face location。

And like it。やめいやめよ。今点やばい。Get on your。I don't get on my knees I know you very well。 you know me。

 I thought we had a special connection we do， but just do it now on the chair。

 it's not on floor the chair I don't get on my knees and as I know you。

Well get to know me Do you live in LA， what areas do you live in Oh wow。

 Im What's your address you are mother。Breise down the walls， get to that。Com， fuckox your address。

 Tell me now。I'm the mothercker， I'm gonna give you a gas pedal I'm for Billyly I like you。

 you know what， you're very fun like say you're old but you're fun。I like you。

 You're old but you're fun， dang。Win， win good them。I asking。Yeahのバ on my。のわが。

So other were like Californiaation。California， can？げ。Paedal shake mouth。

There is something really special about you， but I'm being serious。 There is。

 There is something very serious。 So mean。 it's like， there's something really special about you。

 Shut the fuck up。 Like， that's my answer。😊，That's how you would be I'm honest No what is it one you call me old。

 if anyone called me old， I'd be like fuck。That's a I can get away with anything Okay。

 so you call me old and then you set a bunch other stuff and I'm like， okay， only compliments。

But you have， there's something like magnetic about you。You have my looks， no， no， no， no。

 but you have like this energetic force。Welcome to Los Angeles how you kind of draw people in？

So you can speak and attract people and if you're saying something positive and you want to change the world。

 you're going to change the world。We should team up and change the world。 I'm so outside your league。

 I'm so it's your league。 Of course， come back time。NoEvery， professionally and personally。

 I'm outside your league， professionally， personally， I'm outside your league。

You might be alzim in league， I might have done a lot more。Thanks， thank you。 I got it。

I doubt it looking away。 So again， you start seeing the need just growing， the chasing， the chasing。

 the chasing。No， I don't doubt it， I started a nonprofit in Kenya， and Africa。

I'm on a snowble snowbo Nobo Yeah， little one， little one， little one。 like it's cute， It's cute。

 little one。 You might have influenced like 10 African children。 honey， I travel。

 I just searched my first tour。 I influence hundreds of thousands of people。😊。

udeMe too I think that's great that's why we're brought 10 African kids've changed lives。

I'm just fucking around no， no no no， it's okay though， but I've changed the lives of thousands。

 thousands， but I'm smarter， but I'm smarter， thanks， it's like stack， stack， stack。

 stack can tell me I'm smarter than you say you're smarter than me to say it say you're smarter than me。

You want me to say that I am say I'm smarter than you say you're smarter than me It's not this time Just do it。

 just do it。about love fuck love， I don't believe in love， I do。That's where we differ， Are ready？

I don't fake love I'm baby baby genuinely look at me look at me mortgage what's today name mortgage。

Is it mother don't kiss me there voice？I actually do， look at me。You're the worst kisser。 bangang。

 So make out， you're the worst kisser。 And before she has her challenge back。What is your name。

 what is your name， next topic？Tell me your name。I don't know。Don't worry about it。Okay， you just。

 what's your name？My name is not Morgan you get S try number two I thought it's hard than Emma I was like M something。

Oh I if you want to， I heard you have a girlfriend， I don't。I told her that last night。

When I was with the girl， there was a girl I just met， it was not my girlfriend。But I think no。

Actually， that's something okay。I fuck around。Li to be okay。

 I fuck around and I lie about a lot of things， so I will totally fuck around and you'd be like。

 oh this is this， but girlfriend and faithfulness and relationships I would never fuck around。

You're looking to the right that means you're lying， so tell me the truth。Girlfriends， relationships。

 I would never fuck around that because I was hardbreaking I was a kid。That's to the right again。

 tell me the truth， look at my eyes and don't look right。Girlfriends， relationships， marriage。

 all that stuff， I will never fuck around that because I was heartbroken when I was 15。

can't look okay， I can't feel de tension， okay， okay I was hard when I was 15。

And it was kind of my fault， but Whitleys， it was kind of my fault。We。

 it traumatized me so much emotionally that I never wanted anyone else to experience that and I will fuck around about everything except for that。

But everything else will lie and fuck around， but I would never fuck around in terms of like my girlfriend or anything like that I swear Okay not for you but for her if I was dating him。

 hey man， it's all good。There to my eyes。Thank you。So you trust me now。To a certain extent。

 I don't trust anyone but myself I only trust actions I only love myself I wish she loved me as much as I love myself You know what I think when we love ourselves。

That much， we can love everyone else。of How does it feel to know， though。

 that you're a horrible Bang interrupt， How does it feel your horrible linknk back to the kiss。

I'm just asking，m just saying， how does it feel， I be like， oh my God， shit"。

Maybe I'm the old way of kissing， I haven't learned the young way of kissing。No， I've never。

Your average， but I have low standards， it's fine， your average， but I have low standards， it's fine。

 Look away。I'm a great hiter， youre old。heartYou're old， Do want to break your heart， look away。

 And again， the need building。Well， we are。We are each other's mirror。

So what we see in each other we see in ourselves so if you're saying that I'm old you're seeing yourself I'm very old I wish I was older because for a guy older you get the better you are pro girl downhill。

And then， of course， next come Not for me， I just finished a 200 mile relay from Huntington Beach Sand。

 You don't have to yourself。 You don't have to try so hard。 You don't have to qualify yourself。

 you don't have to try so hard。 it's like stack and you see it building and building chasing and chasing's not that I'm trying that I know I just't have to prove yourself。

 I like you。 It's It's like baby baby I did something really young as a12 year old girl as I lovedy I'm 12。

😊，No， no， 12 is not good，12。Do you ever watch the vampireamp， I have never？喂。It has an entrance made。

I'm kind of afraid to kiss you again because it was so bang。

 kind of afraid to kiss you again because it was so bad。Allm， sorry。What's right name？

Your name is whatever I want you to be I forgot your name so it's fine but what's my name pull back again you just see that need building and building what's your name？

侧明亮。多いて。Please下 now。これで。な丈ね。So again， like youre gonna see like the tension built big time。

 chasing big time。 you have to have the bind temperature big time here。 she's a lot closer to you。

 Let's go fuck。年前か。知道没有？Start to fuck out some of your name。没有没有。Whatox your name。

Tell me your name now。Yeah。Prety sures Morgan。You're kind of sexy。

I'm not just saying the opposite whenever she compliments like， you're kind of sexy。 I'm not。

On like average， I just felt like something really powerful actually。It's reallyally hot。

I just felt like passion， desire， I felt bad about that because you're so。

Bank felt bad about that because you were sold back at it。I'm so old。Fuck you， you know， fuck you。

 go， leave me。If you have something going on， you're funny。Beautiful。Tell me I look like a Greek god。

say baby， you look like a Greek god I didn't you naked it。Tell me I look I Gr out first。

 I have the small penis as well。I'm like Korean。And the waist down。If you have a small penis。

 a large penis is all。It's like's like this faced like disindirected it doesn't matter the size of the penis I know all I hear from girls。

What I've heard。watch don't know how make ais listen， listen， baby baby when I watch porn。

 all I hear is oh yeah， baby。All here is baby use your hands。

 I don't feel anything I just settle for less， I always settle for less stop I know I should leave you right now。

Dude。た。对对。I like you honestly I don't kiss anyone dude。

 I don't even know you you makes it better you have no idea she is going to be like how fun？

You know that my sister？Not just sometimes comes of sweatlu。

Do you trust me enough to have a drink with me somewhere else？Somewhere else。Outside the venue。

If they come with me because I'm my right home。Hower。Santa Monica。My friend will do home。It's 1240。

 come have a drink， we'll come back here every40。P close。

you don't want to have a drink here but way better my legs are really sore the。

 we're not walking there we're cabinet。trustrust me。

Caer Rovel iss more shelters less' people I hate this place。

Why don't we just go in like a corner and have a drink have a drink in the first please we'll be right back。

 we'll be back in like an hour next Yeah， but here's the thing。

And I came'll be back in 20 minutes just change my mind No we'll back in 20 minutes then just walk me out。

 trust me， just walk me out， just walk me out， bang， just， me out。啊。😮，What。Oh，Okay。

 so you don't have to wait necessarily till the end。 This is more advanced。

 You don't need to do this。 But it's an interesting dynamic to kind of play around with。

 And that's my advice。 Like， get the 10 things down， get that fun vibe down。

 And then it just keeps you engaged。 Like， do these little tweaks。

 Play around some dynamics for the fun of it built on these good emotions overall。😊。

Where it's not going to work and your results will be very poor。

