# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：0.导言：0. 10大戒律介绍 0. Introduction To The 10 Laws【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

🎼爱了多久。🎼Before I laid my eyes， I laid my eyes on you can eyes This is Julian and welcome to10 game。

 I hope you're ready。 I hope you're excited for what you're about to experience。

 But before we jump into the content here， I just want to introduce it all for you to really maximize the value You're gonna be getting out of it。

 this product is a little different than some of the previous products I released in the past。

 focus more on the doing side of things， This product here is really designed to reconnect with the being Okay。

 so what does this mean， There are basically three different paradigms。

 There is having doing and being Most people live in the having paradigm where they identify and value what they have。

 This is someone who's you know， going up to girls and drawing his sense of confidence from his looks。

 his money his status。 it's like， how good looking am I。

 do I look really good in my very world groomed。 How much looks do I have how much。😊。

do I have how much status do I have and tries to go about it that way。

 Okay now this here does not work。 It's also unsustainable。 And you know。

 when you get into this whole success with women community。

 you quickly move past that and graduate to the doing paradigm。

 And this is where 95% of know the guys in the community。

 know reside where they identify with what they do and it's no longer looks。

 money status now it's the things you say the actions you take if you want to do a little quick test here to see if you're in this doing paradigm Just be aware of next time you're out。

 how do you feel when you're interacting with a girl when you stop talking。You know， if you're just。

 you know， say you're talking to a girl and son， you just shut the fuck up。

 do you kind of feel a little bit anxious。 Like she's gonna leave。 if I stop talking， she may leave。

 if I stop talking。She may lose attraction if that's you and that's what you feel at that moment in time。

 you're in the doing paradigm because what are you really thinking， if I stop doing。

 I'm going to lose the girl。Because that's where you draw your confidence。

 Okay if you're looking at some footage， let's just say， you， you jump on YouTube。

 you see some infield footage。 you're probably looking at the words that are being said in the actions。

 Oh he said this。 she did this。 He said that he did that。 this is what I'm learning。

 you're in the doing paradigm。 If you're looking at videos and you're looking for new technical things to do。

 new tactics， you're in the doing paradigm。 and it's a lot easy。 you know， you're like， well。

 if I just do this， I do this， it's very comforting， it's very logical。 when I first started out。

 I started looking up all these different openers， which are memorized lines and I was in the doing paradigm as well。

 I'm like， well， if I say this。 and it's more interesting than what this person said。

 if it's more captivating， I'll get the girl。 I'm trying to top someone in the doing paradigm。 Now。

 this year does not work。 on one hand is just unsustainable because it's just so much fucking effort。

 you're gonna burn yourself out。 know every time you go out。 It's not gonna be fun。

 It's really gonna stifle you from express。That being， Okay。

 and this is what I want this product to get you back in touch with the being。

 which is the place the doing is coming from。 Okay， graduate past the doing to the being。

 So let's take an opener as an example。 Okay， as I said， when I started。

 I was looking up all these openers trying to top guys with their openers。

But let's just take we a simple one like how's it going and you walk up to a girl。

 how's it going has she heard that before， yes？But has she heard you say before？The answer is no。

 and that there， that little subtlety， that U version of how's it going。

 which you can't really put into words or logically explain。 That is the being。

 That is the value you have to offer。 That is also the value that no one else can really top you in。

You know，And once you understand that and you really understand who this is where I should base my confidence。

 you know on it's like not the things I have， not the things I do。

 but the place it's all coming from。 now， there's a real sense of comfort where you'll be able to take a break during your interactions。

 You'll be able to relax。 things will just be a lot more effortless when out and attraction will be fucking automatic。

 and this applies to just your general vibe， just who you are。 Okay。

 but it also applies to different subtleties within the interaction。 For example， you know。

 you may hear offering value taking value。And we think very you know surface layer well offering value is you know sharing a story。

 taking value is asking a question， but that's wrong okay that's the doing。

 it's about the place it's coming from everything that matters in game。

 it's all about the place it's coming from so understand this。

 you can offer value while asking a question。Okay， here's the difference。 Here's asking a question。

 taking value。 Hey， do， you know where， you know， this， the train station is。

 Do you know where the train station is。You're taking in the vibe。Hey。

 do you know where the train station is？You're offering in divide vibe。

Those are the little subtleties。 And this is the reason a lot of guys just don't succeed with women。

 You understand the doing。 It's logical。 You're like， well， if you say this， this is。

 this is the line， This is the action。 This is the doing。

But the being is the stuff that you can only emotionally recognize。

 The being is all about the nuances。 And this is what I designed this product around。 Okay。

 so you're gonna to see here， there are four modules， there is a content module。

 And this is the first module you're gonna go through right after this video here。

 Now with the content module， the way I designed it as I focused on quality of content。

 not quantity of content。 Okay because once you're in this doing paradigm。

 it's very easy to compensate for know your lack of success， rationalizing， you know。

 it's just that I'm not doing enough。 So you compensate by doing more and more and more。

 and you may be caught in this here where you're like， well， if the girl doesn't like me。

 it's because I'm not doing enough。 what are some other things I need to do to get the girl。

 not realizing that it's not about the things you do， it's all about the place they come from。

 and then from there， you could do more if you want to。

 but you don't have to and until you get to the cause until you get to the being。

 the doing will always suffer。 Okay， and this is why maybe right now。Now， you know。

 you may feel a little bit frustrated。 You're going out and you're like。

 how much more things I need to do。 It's like， I'm going out and I'm doing this right。

 I'm doing this right， I'm doing this right。 You may have some friends who go out and they don't even know about game。

 and they just effortlessly get the girl。 Youre like how the fuck I the girl going for this guy。

 Like， he didn't do all this。 No， but he understood the being。And that's the focus here。 Okay。

 so I want you to get out of this paradigm of looking for more and more doing because oftentimes。

 it's based on the wrong being。 If you take motivation， for example。You know， a lot of guys are like。

 well， how do I find motivation to go out and they look for all these different ways to be motivated。

And that's a lot of doing based on the wrong being。

The right being is why do you need motivation in the first place， you should not need motivation。

It's getting to the cause， not working on the effects。

If you're someone who's coming from a taking value frame of mind， it doesn't matter what you do。

You got to fix that。Okay， it's not like， okay， well I'm taking value and I'm doing this。

 coming from taking value。 It's not working。 So what are some other techniques So what are some more things I could do to compensate for this。

 That's not gonna to help。 You got to get to the source， get to the cause， get to the being。

 So the way I designed the content section here is I focus on the macros。

 these are the macro concepts not the micro concepts。

 these are the key concepts that really cover all of the little details。 Okay。

 when I go out I'm not even thinking about all this content， why because I don't want to reinforce。

 I need to do all this and I don't want to feel stifled。 Okay。

 for you to really unleash that being that's you， okay And once again， when I say being。

 this applies to little subtleties within the interaction， but also you， know again。

 the place everything is coming from all of your actions。

 everything you say the whole interaction should be coming from you。

 And if you're stifled by trying to do everything right or stifled by too much content。

It's just not going to be unique。 You there's not enough room for that to come out。

 So what I designed here are these 10 laws。 O， these 10 macro concepts。For you to focus on one out。

 And that's all you have to remember when you're out because no matter what you do。

 no matter what I do， even like no matter how advanced it is。

 it always falls under one of these 10 laws。 So this here is all the content you need。

 This is what I recommend focusing on。 Okay， nothing more。 Don't get lost in the details。

 Don't get stifled。 Focus on these 10 laws。 When something isn't working。

 you will be able to trace it back to one of these。

 And this will give you that flexibility to really express yourself。 And also just make game fun。

 You know， it's not this test where you have to remember all these details or everything right or judge yourself by every little thing you forget to do right。

 This here will give you that nice fun flexibility and sustainability that you're looking for while out。

 Okay， it's not going out and beating yourself up every time you forget to do one little thing。

 you gotta break the rules a little bit。 It's value， that uniqueness。

 value that soul over doing everything right logically。So that's the content portion。 Okay。

 you're going to start with that。 Then we're going to jump to module 2。

 and that's where we jump into the in field portion。 Okay， where you're going to see these 10 laws。

 these 10 macro concepts in action。Now， with the infield， okay， of course。

 you're gonna to be aware of the doing， as I talked about before the things I say the things I do。

 but really make an effort here to focus， okay， to shift your focus on the being okay and I'm going to guide you through this as I break down the footage。

 but observe really the little subtleties， the nuances。

 the stuff you can only emotionally recognize for example， what we talked about before， know。

 offering value， taking value， you can't fully put this into words。

And you can test yourself when you watch some of the infield， you'll see me doing well。

 offering value， you'll see me not do so well， taking value。

 If you had to describe the difference to a friend who didn't see this footage。

You wouldn't fully be able to logically put it into words。 Okay。

 this is where you really got to tap into your emotional senses， if you will。

 and just really emotionally grasp what game is。 And this is what'll give you that goal。

 That's what you got to aim for。 Okay， and you'll probably be surprised because it's not what you thought it would be。

 You know， when you're watching， you know， some of the free content online or， you know。

 logically readinging about it。You're like， oh， maybe it's this。 Maybe it's that。

 But you have no fucking idea here， you'll know exactly what it is。 You know。

 I compare it to if you play an instrument， you know， most people when learning game。

 what are they doing， if we take guitar as an example。 I play guitar since the age of8。

 They're trying to learn how to play the guitar， without ever having heard a song before。You know。

 so you're reading these articles on how to play the guitar。

 you're watching videos and how to play the guitar。

 you may see a couple little flashes of infield footage。 Okay， hidden camera footage。

 that's like listening to a couple seconds of a song， but you've never really heard a full song。

 Okay，re like well， I wonder I wonder what it is。 And then you know。

 it's a lot easier to take comfort in the doing， which are， you know like。

 well let me let me practice this riff。 know， let me focus on the technical side of playing the guitar。

 But what's missing the soul。And it doesn't matter how good you are at the technical at the doing。

 If you don't have the soul。 it's just not gonna fucking happen。 Okay。

 so with the infield with these laws in action， I will point out the soul。

 You will hear the songs for the first time， You will hear a good song。 You will hear a bad song。

 And once again， It's not logically describing it， Like how do you logically explain what the soul is。

 if you hear a song。 How do you logically explain a song that has soul versus song that doesn't have soul。

 You can't but you'll emotionally recognize it， and now you'll know what to aim for。 Okay。

 you'll have the 10 laws， So you know what to focus on。 you'll understand what's going on。

 Then you'll see it， you'll emotionally recognize it。 then we'll jump to module 3。

 And I've added interactive exercises there for you to actually experience it before going out。 Okay。

 and these exercises， I recommend doing them daily。

 I recommend doing them as soon as you watch them like in front of your computer。

 if you have a friend to pair up with awesome， do it with your friend， but start noticing。

The difference inside， Okay， and you'll those little flashes of it。 So you'll not only understand it。

 you recognize it， experience it。 you'll then go implement it out in the field with module 4。

 which are the infield missions。 Okay， and this will give you a clear direction while out。

 instead of just dabbling around while still focusing on those 10 laws linked to those 10 laws and linked。

 of course， to that fund sustainability and flexibility。 But this is the product。 Okay。

 and the entire time。😊，You're going through this。 the entire time you're watching the footage。

 I want you to ask yourself， what is your uniqueness。

 How can you get yourself feeling the way I'm feeling when interacting with women。

 This is not about replicating my words。 This is not about replicating my actions。

 This is about seeing the dynamics behind the words and actions， The place it's all coming from。

And then， you。Have to do that。 That's what you have to identify within yourself and then bring out through these 10 laws。

 these 10 macro concepts every time you're out interacting with girls。

 This is not about becoming a copy of me。 This is about you know bringing the real you。

 your being your uniqueness， your value out into the world and the way of designs products is further you to know get in touch with it。

 probably for you know the first time。 you've probably been disconnected from that for a long time。

 and this will force you to shift your focus on what matters with the exercises and missions to actually experience it and the way that this will affect your life even beyond just women will you know just absolutely blow your mind。

 I'm hoping， again， this is one of those like life-chan moments for you when you go through this。

 you'll just come out a different person。 it'll finally click all those videos you've seen about game so far。

 everything that's confusing maybe different paradox is。

 all of that will finally click and you will finally have a direction and just unknowing because that's game。

It's a fucking like a knowing。 like you'll now know what it is。 it's not logical understanding。

 It's not guessing it's you will know。 Okay， so enjoy the experience that is 10 game。

 your first time through。 Okay， like this video is gonna end here。A little like a minute。

 maybe when you jump to the next video， just go through it the first time without even taking notes。

 That'd be my advice to you。 Like actually， just enjoy it， You know。

 too often do we jump on the product We're like， okay， analyze every detail of my notes ready。

 writing down every little fucking line。 It's like， no， simply enjoy it。😊，Go through it， have fun。

 Watch the infield。 Just notice the internal changes happen。

 Not how your focus starts shifting on what really matters。 Not the being。 Not the fun。 Okay。

 notice every single video， just how light and fun it is。 go through the exercises， have a blast。

 And then on your second time through， Take down notes。 And remember that every time you go out。

 though。 Just focus on those 10 things。 Those 10 laws。

 That's what'll get you where you want to go where you need to go and on that note。😊，Jump in and now。

 I'll see you on the other side， a different person back in touch with you or being back in touch with your uniqueness。

 back in touch with who you truly are。Enjoy。