# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：3.练习：练习2 — 连续通话2分钟【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Another good exercise you guys can do to really get out of your own weight。

 And I love this one is what I call the two minute talking exercise。 So this one's groups of two。

 So if you're in4， just per in 2。😊，And what we you're going to do is one guy is going to turn his back to the other guy。

 And for two minutes， I'm going to time this。 You're going to game us back。Now， here are the rules。

 When you game is back， It's nonstop talking。 You can tell stories。 You can ask questions。

 but you don't take even a one second break。 Okay， it's two minutes of。

 So I'm talking you back right now I say I' doing this example in front of everyone。

 I think everyone I'm， I'm talking really fast。 I'm even taking a break。 And this is what I'm doing。

 I'm thinking' going out tonight。 I'm the boot camp。 We're going to teach tonight。

 don for the lots time。 I hope I got this lesson that fast， Two minutes。 No break。 You listen。

 you make sure you doesn't take a break。And it'll be repercussions if you do。Decided goes first。

 pair up in groups of two。 again， I don't care what you say。 You can fucking make up a story。

 You keep talking。😡，Groups of two。Cool， everyone partner，3，2，1。 Go two minutes straight。 Go， faster。

 faster， faster faster。😡，You guys should be like rapping， fucking fast， go。

I like to buy come get soon easy get a on know to get hate my way for getting over。Even faster。

 you can do it You can do faster。 even faster， faster， faster。 See how fast you can go。 Sam Ra it。

 Ra it。 stuck in my head， not being able fully express。😊，runningunning out of things to say。

 you know。You can do faster dude come up。I don't have take。Yeah。Yeah。You faster man， last 10 seconds。

 come on， last 10 seconds， come on fast。I was right。Yeah。Alli， stop， good。没 there。Probably。はとりえ。Hi。

 first of all， who here did not make it all the way through。 Who here took a second break minimum。

Be honest， yeah。Everyone else went all the way through。All right。Now。

 this one I like is it's challenging。 Two minutes sounds like， just two minutes。

 It feels like a fucking long time。 And the only way you can survive this one is shutting off your fucking mind。

那's这。If you have any kind of image， if you're judging yourself in any way。

 you won't be able to flow fast。 You could flow slowly， but if you really want to go fast。

 you can't even be thinking or analyzing what you say。

It should just flow out because everything logically about every word you're saying， like。

 does this make sense， Is this good enough to say， you will never be able to go fast。 Okay。

 this one you can do like every day。 I recommend do it every day。 You wake up in the morning。

 Look in the mirror。 So I just go on my bed tom the mirror。 looking in the mirror。

 But like that non stop。 Once you manage 2 minutes， do 5， do 10 do 15。

 If you do 15 minutes and on stop like that。Your nights out will must massively increase。 Okay。

 in results。 let's switch。2 minutes。Go as fast as you can go， like a fucking rap song，3，2， one。

 go go。