# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战7-热身 Infield 7 - Warming Up【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

What we'll crack into here is we'll kind of combine the opening and the merging。

 This is me in Canada。 the beginning， the beginning of one of the nights。I kind of cut it short。

 It's like3 and a half minutes， but you'll see me kind of the way I go about it， Okay， so。

Couple of things。 Okay， combining the two， ideally。

 try to find like a little area of the venue where you're gonna stay in and you're gonna talk to everyone there。

 Okay， And then as the night goes on， you kind of move around， you talk to everyone there。

 One question I get sometimes is， you know， how do you talk to all these girls without standing out as being the pickup guy。

You guys ever have that where you don't want to stand out。

 And I never stand out as being the pickup guy unless you know me from my YouTube videos than I will。

 But most， I won't stand out。 And the reason being is。I will do occasionally those opens。

 where I just walk up straight to the girl， like those girls sitting down and stuff。

 But most of the time， I don't do those walk through opens。 And I don't really scan the environment。

 Okay， if you're looking around the environment。For a girl， what is it communicating。

 What's the assumption。I'm not good enough right now。 I'm not having fun right now。

 This is not the place to be。 Somewhere else is better。Coming from scarcity， trying to take。

Whenever you're scanning the environment， that's bad。Okay， instead， generate so much fun here。

 that you'll attract people。 You should feel fucking awesome wherever you're at。

 It's like that expression like or that saying， what's the best， you know， spot to sit at a table。

 The fucking seat you're in。Okay， so the same with a club。 I always assume that wherever I'm at。

 it's the best place from there。I assume， and this is like basic requirements。

 I know I'm going talk to a lot of girls。 That's assumed。 Number  two。

 I know I'm going to move around the environment。 That's assumed。If I do those two things。

 if there is a really hot girl there， eventually， I'm going to talk to her as a byproduct of that。No。

 so I don't have to scan the environment。 I dont have to worry。I just operate like that。

 I'm just gonna like go arm's length。 Whoever's in my little vicinity。 I bring them in。

 That's my opens。 It's mainly bringing them in。 It's like， check this out， bring them in。

 bring them in， bring them in， move around。 and then you fall a girl you like， bang， stick on her。

Okay， that's the way to go about it。 And from an outsider's perspective。

 if someone sees you instead of being this weird guy doing like， open， open， open。

I do a lot me and it just seems like I'm this social dude who knows everyone。O。

 and you'll see it here。 What you're going to see here is be talking to all these girls。

 I don't stand out as being a pickup guy。If you're standing out as a pickup guy， you're taking。

🎼Right now， we're not very social。 Well， unless you actually feel social。 I don't。

 we're going to build up to supported。 Don't force it。😊，see you guys。🎼嘿，对对对。😊。

You want to be just slow and just casual right， so for example。あ。🎼没说强。🎼你。

This is my friend from New York。🎼好球。Now， this here， that little open is like my default open。

 usually in the beginning of the night。 Like like， oh， excuse Mary from L A。 Oh， nice to meet you。😊。

It's kind of whatever。It's not like like over the top。 It's not the crazy she's like， how's it going。

Okay， and this is pretty important to to understand， especially with energy。

 energy has nothing to do。With。Bin。Attracted。There's no energy in here。

Energy does not matter you don't need energy。Okay， even in the value that you offer。

 feeling good doesn't mean energy。 It means fun， carefree passion。 You can be passionate low energy。

😊，If I'm talking。Right now。With very。Low energy。There's still passion。Versus talking like this。Okay。

 energy doesn't matter。In reality， too， if you go to an environment there's a lot of energy like a dance floor。

 it's even better to be low energy。Okay。You think of it this way。 remember。

 you want her to get drawn in。 You want her to react to you。Most people react to the environment。

Okay， and this is actually pretty subtle and key to understand。 If you go into an environment。

 there's a default。Let's just say frequency。 Everyone kind of adapts to that。

 If you go on a dance tour， there's a default frequency。 Everyone's dancing at this energy here。

Human reef just adapt on。If you want to draw her in， you need to operate at a different frequency。

 either above or below。 And then she gets drawn in and adapts on and reacts to you instead of the environment。

So if everyone's like fucking dancing like crazy。The guy who stands out in the dance floor is the guy who's walking through the dance floor slow motion。

Operating at his own frequency。Hes guy like， what the fuck， who's that？

If it's a place that's a little bit more quiet， the guy is like generating more fun。

 being a little louder， he'll stand out more。Those are the guys of value。

 and it's also the guy who's grounded enough in himself that he doesn't get sucked into to the environment or to the chaos。

He's not reacting。 He's generating。 He's at the cause， not at the effect in terms of the girl。

 but the environment as well。Okay， so if a girls dancing， you can draw and be like。Ass it going。

And she'll stop dancing， really。Hello， in the middle of the fucking dancewi。Not for 40 minutes。

 obviously， no girl wants to be in the danceur bumped around。

 but she will stop for a couple minutes to talk to you while everyone else is dancing。

If you're grounded in it， if there's that passion， though， the passion， the carefree， the fun。

 that matters。Energy doesn't。Okay， lie open there， was it like massively like？🎼エですね。I was like， hey。

 are you from Montreal？Matter like I'm still conruent， right？I keep doing just why out any girl。

 do like。谢谢谢谢。🎼发治饶。🎼下ば。来告诉。Now， I'm not comfortable yet。al way to be like this。

I am cookers to be like this。Motion just kind of like with me。Anyway。Like that， that's open grid。Hey。

What do you do if you were like fingering yourself and you're like， oh， what is that。

 There's like war like So again， I say weird shit。 I'm like， yeah。

 what do you if you're fingering yourself。 And it's like， you feel warts like like weird。 I'm weird。

 But anyway， so bad。😊，But I find it funny。 I find it funny。

 the fact that's so out there and like unexpected， like shocking， like shock humors。

 like I love shock humor。 But that's what makes me feel good。 That's what draws her in。

 And notice here， I'm just gonna be kind of all over the place。 Just bringing all these girls in。

 And it doesn't seem like I'm doing these little opens。 It seems like I'm social。

 And I just know everyone。 And I'm bringing everyone into my party。

 I think you should tell this story。😊，Well， it's my daughter， actually。Are you from Canada？So。

 do you want to hear a disgusting story？What does that look like。

 Does that look like I just opened her No， it's like I brought her into the fun。

JAre you fucking Kibeic was， this's my friend？Yeah。We're very close， my friend。How old are you？

Don't emrass me in front of my bodyguard now。 and it's tons of merging， tons of merging。No， no， no。

 no， no。Supid know。あの。Im from a small town， I took the midnight train going anywhere and here I am。

🎼How do you think my friend is again， that skill set of embracing。 She's like。

 I'm you think I'm a stupid girl。 Like I'm a stupid boy。 embrace。It sometimes you found a kidbic。

什么意思吧？🎼On we。😊，When I call here， I called you thank。Wd of heart。Is it bad， is it good。

 that's like my invitation of the Kimick。There is。My bodyguard。My bodyguard。

 I just want to hear smiling and naughty。so awesome。I'm the coolest mother from this student。

It this fucking race。That's my sister。It's like open， it's like mech。

 like that does that stand out no， it seems like I know everyone I'm just like bringing everyone in the party。

 check this out， check this out。はの？Just tell me your money。This is my sister。sorry。

Yeah she just moved here， so she's trying to get in school， but she's not smart enough yet。

 but she's flying。ける。I I get around。 I just got to Quebec。 I have to around。 Nice to meet you。 bang。

 nice to meet you。 It's like， I'm all over the place。 Nice to meet you。

 And it's like like that should be your game。 Your arms should be moving like crazy。

 Just pulling people in， bringing people in。😊，How shall it。You just arrived in Quebec， okay？

That's usually how I go about it。 I cut it down short， but it's likem， ba。Go about it that way。

 and you bring everyone in。 Ho or not， everyone， it doesn't matter。 Bring them into your party。

 Bring them into the fun。