# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战9 - 深夜号码 Infield 9 - Late Night Number【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

This is a late night number， you'll see me up there go on the street， bouncer to a food place。

 and unfortunately this one do to logistics， it's just a phone number。But。Assuming it plays。

All right。So here's some boot campamp and two the guys in。

And it will kind of break down the dynamic short， but also notice in this one， the self amusement。

 same type of vibe。Jo。Britanys Brinies or's actually my cousin's hate for ruin like Britany Murphy。

I get that though right like Brittany Donovan， that's like Brittany Donovan， Yeah。

 like everyone born in the 80s like Brittany Cooper。

But all of our moms thought they were created by adding our some are you from San Diego？New York。

New York aren't New York Oh Jersey。Now， a couple little subtleties here。

 notice difference soon him and me。He's very okay， well， not just at the end， but all throughout。

 It's like， why is it that every time I say something， her attention goes off him towards me。

 So I walk up like Bri Sp like Sp fuck That she my cousin。 That's your name。

I fucking hate fory my name。 So starting now your name like Britany Murphy， Why does she look at me。

 like Brittany Murphy， cause I'm giving he's taking。Like By Murphy， like this， like that。

 like this him。I get that's good， though。 She's good， though， right， She's good。 Give me。

 She's good Like Brittany Donovan boom on me， like Brittany Donovan， Brittany Donovan， Yeah。

 like everyone born in the 80s。 like Brittany Cooper。 Yeah。

 all of our mom thought they were created by adding her with some。 from San Diego No。😊，New York。

York's like， oh aren't like taking， needing her to acknowledge him。

 can't be at ease without it couldn to talk。I thought it was talking the middle， really。Yeah。

's not engaging。 Yeah， it's。 It's like on the sidelines like hey， like that。 don't even exist。

 Pierce through。 and even that little challenge like jersey。 nice to meet you， by the way。

 let's jump on the middle girl Wingham。 So I'm like oh nice to you on the front。

 I'm trying to look nicer with the shirt。 It's not mine check this out。

 I'm trying to look nicer with the shirt。 It's not mine。 So I don't take anything。

 I don't ask anything。 I'm like whatever is the inside joke myself。 I'm wearing this pink shirt。

'm like to you。 I'm look nicer with the shirt。 So always check this out type of open。

 waiter hit on me today。 guys horrible horrible experience。 I was eating I' not I'm not。

 I'm confused。 I'm lost and confused。 I don't know what's happening。 you are from Jersey。😊。

I'm from the shore。 I was in the shore。 My hand was in the shore， waving in the background。

 my hand at this one scene。 It's like not from the。 that be't because you have by the way，'s。😊。

so I'm like， okay， it's cool。 Everyone talking。 but it's like fucking yelling everywhere。

 So I'm like， oh， little isolation。 pullll her not away from the group completely。 but here， Gu what。

 Group nott even in field of vision。😊，Just me。Are you intimidated talking to a man Can't tell you about the waiter story。

 So notice that， too。 And this is pretty cute with making yourself feel good。

 You see me laugh at a lot of the shit I say all the time。 You should be doing that， too， know。

 It's like you should be making yourself like being giddy like a little kid。

 I I tell you about the waiter story。 like genuine laughter。 It cant be forced。

 It cant be laughing to try to get the girl to laugh as to be genuine。 like Tower 23。

 the guy was likeo the whole time was what you want to eat And like trying signal And the fucking passion。

 too。 like how do you not get drawn in that story。 know what he's doing this this's like。😊。

You sound like nothing over me not really enough。 I look like around。

 was the first thing I do when ingium。 know a little bit beautiful So very confident with your mousecu I'm very I talk to women。

 It It's a problem a disease。 liar。 my。 I'm sober too。 like worse。 But anyway。

 I was at the waiter he looks at me。 And then at one point I go to the bathroom And this is exact moment I go to the bathroom he walks in the bathroom right next to like that。

 but he doesn't say word because I guess he works He's waiting for me to make you move and。😊。

And things happened and things went down。 It was sweaty。 And that's why start word I't know。 my。

 you are a brilliant storyeller。 I'm a public speaker。 I good。 Yes，'s how I'm。

 Why what do you do I give speech on personal self help。 better yourself as a person。

 I got have the Im just such a great person that I my。😊，And I'm very modest。 I'm very modest。

 I'm very。 modest very。trover。 You don't talk to people。 I was aist as a child。's true my dad。

 used to drink a lot when I was a kid and he would come in every night drunk and started beating me and just beating and beating and And the worst part like I'm over it now。

 But the worst part is I just never knew why。 he would never tell me why it like leave me confused。

 corner of your house crying I would And then then I had this little cat that would come me And then one day he took the cat like that horrible。

 actually did。 And he didn do it like extreme。 He was like slowly petting it and then It was just like thats It's my life。

 My life is a movie。 My life is a movie。 So wait， So you all work together。 bang。

 so you all work together。 now that's established。 So you all work together。 Okay， But notice like。

 how can you not get drawn in to this vibe。😊，And it's not necessarily what I'm saying。 It's like。

 it's just so fun， carefree， passionate。😊，There's so much passion。 It's like。

 I'm so into what I'm saying。 I'm having been such a blast saying it。 I'm so loose Carefree。

 He's just sharing it。 like， I need absolutely nothing。😊，You can't help but be drawn in。

All these stories you come up in that moment。 or usually what'll happen is I'll say something in the moment。

 And then I'm like， fuck， that was funny。 And then I'll say it a few times after that because it's still congruent to say it。

 And then I'll kind of get bored of it。 And then something else will pop up。 and I'll say that。

 Then I'll get bored of it。 something else will pop up， so on and so forth， yeah。Yeah。

 because pushing buttons is the。I' feel that way。や構。Who had the most opposite style。

Still do the same。In principle， of pushing。I wouldn't take a student。

 I would say maybe someone like Todd。😀Not in a bad way， no， Todd， it's like。Okay， so Todd。

Here's what he finds as good as me talking about this， being very technical。

That the reason being so technical works for Todd is that that's what makes him feel this way。

You know， for me， if I get like too technical， you know， just kind of kills it。 I'm like。

 I just want more like what freedom for him。 That's what turns them on。You know。

 so I'd say probably yeah， guy like Todd like that'd be the furthest out。 Some guys。

 like one thing I don't ever do is like dance。 I never dance with a girl。 Some guys find it really。

 they feel really good dancing。 You know， and they do that or they。

 they bring the girl in the dance floor for a little while。 So stuff like that， yeah。😊。

Those would be like two more contrast examples。And Jeffrey， like what would you？

Jeffy is very similar to me。 Actually。 Yeah， we kind of go， if we game together like Jeffie， for me。

 the ones are most similar to me would be Jeffy and Brad for fun too。

 it's like any kind of inside joke。 a good example for that is。😊，You know。

 one thing I would make sometimes like clients do back in the day is there was like a challenge to see how many times they could slip in like a dog without the girl noticing。

 So it's like， so he how's going。 what's your name。 She's like， Jessica，' like， oh， that's cool。

 Like a dog。 What do you do， And she's like， what do you say， Nothing like a dog。

 like something like that， You know， like that inside joke。 It's like that kind of sparks it up。

 You could even like find it funny to go boring， You know， It's like， here you go。 It's like。

 see how boring you can get。 And then you can find it amusing that the girls even listening to something so boring。

 And then that makes it fun， And that makes it even interesting to her。😊，You know。

 so all these different ways。 Like the possibilities are endless。 And you know。

 what you'll notice too is like the more you go out。

 the more you like fine tune in your unique style。 But then also， the more you go out。

 you may start getting a little bit more bored of some stuff。 So you may have to start slowly amb。

 So it's continuously evolving， too， know， like that open where I found it funny at the time be like。

 oh my God， oh， hey， I kind of grew past that。 So it kind of still changes every few months。

 And sometimes I'll go back to it if you haven't touch on it in a while。 Then it's exciting again。

 But yeah。😊，Those would be some examples。For me， I like stretching it。

 whatever I can do to stretch things or make it awkward。 She's like， how old are you'm like， I'm 38。

Like straight face。 She's like， what， I'm 18。 straight face， you know， we like， yeah， I'm 38。

 My daughter's at the bar。 She's 21。 It's a birthday。 She's like seriouslyious， I'm like， yeah， what。

 what are you saying， It's Botox。 You'll learn about it when you're older。😊，She's shit like that。

 It's so out there that it's not believable yet the way I say it makes it sound believable。

 And that kind of like， is he fucking with me or not like riding that edge。

 I find that hilarious and。This is pretty key， too with what you find funny。

The more you can find the themes behind what you do， the better。

 So instead of having specific lines or specific things you say or actions， find the themes。

But after a while，Or whatever， you're kind of like getting numb to the sets if you're going out every day because you're like。

Another question。I noticed that sometimes if you like take a time off to account of like and then like I would say like if you go all five days a week。

 you kind of get recentcentered。You reflect on your game。

 I actually like feel more like passionate about going out more because。Another。Maybe， yeah， Id say。

You don't necessarily have to cut off the dough now， but like taking breaks， nothing wrong with it。

 But I would say is like， change what those 30 minutes mean to you。 if it's like 30 minutes of like。

 let's do this and plow through。Then that's pretty bad for me，30 minutes， is like even casual。 Like。

 I'll split it out throughout the day。 same matter at the groceryoc store， hey what's up。

 How's it going， There's like 5 minutes。Then later in the day， what's up， I' going5 minutes。

 Then I do a date。 I count for the rest。 Ds count as well。 It's like just viewed as like 30 minutes。

 ideally or not you't have to say 30 minutes。 just like， ideally。

 make it a part of your life that you're a guy who just interacts with girls。

 It's more like that versus game time， go。😊，Because that'll kind of burn you out like it's a chore then。

You know， so I'd say do that。 And then it's not so much you're getting numb to the sets because if you're getting numb to the sets。

 it's still a byproduct of you trying to take。For me。

 it's like those 30 minutes where interacting girls is like fucking fun because like that's me expressing who。

You can never get bored of expressing who you are。That's what makes you feel good。 It's like。

 fuck yeah。You know， when， where else in life can you do that， I'd grow bored if I couldn't do that。

 If I'm just stuck in my like a job all day and then I'd just go home and go through those same old motions。

 And I can't put myself out there and share and give。 That's what made me grow bored and unhappy。

 The going out should be like， fuck it。Versus a。You know， but that's also something you build up to。

 It's like fucking working out。You know， for a lot of guys， including me in the past， I it's like。

 here we go to the gym， plow through versus fuck yeah， let's go exert some energy。

Instead of being all complacent， let's do it。 I'm doing a lot of flat line talk and not。

 not the nas and teasing。 So I'm like trying to work。

 How would I physically like actually consciously put my effort on it and work write it on your arm。

Like for real。It's basically， you just need to remind yourself a lot。If you had someone。

Revisiting the conversation。 Oh， this is what I said。 This is boring。

 But how could I like reinterpreted I went like again。

 I went't through those recordings because it's like it'll give you too focus on every little detail and you'll have zero float to your interactions。

You know， I would like just focus on the main lessons from all sets， and then it's like。

 if you got to fix， for example， being less flat lined，You know， ideally。

 it should come from getting out of your own way， but you can also just act as if。

 how do you act as if anyone can talk louder， anyone can be less flatlined。

 but you get into old habits。So you just need something to constantly remind you to not be flat lined。

 Thus， writing it on your arm。 Ho， oh yeah， hello， oh yeah， hello， oh yeah。

 And then time and awareness will fix it。 It's like break and report tonality。

 You guys can all talk break and rapport except that every time you go out。

 the habit is hello to the girl。The habit takes over。 If every time it's ring down on your arm。

 B or pour， break or pour， break her pour， you'll get good。 Whatever your big stickinging point is。

 you' wonder like some kind of reminder throughout the night。 A lot of this is time and awareness。

 If you're not manle women， you keep holding that back mantle women Oh yeah， manle women。

 mantle women Play to win。 Think logistics， Los。 Oh yeah， logistics。 Oh yeah。

 You need reminders all the time。 Like that writing on your arm is like crucial。

 It'll like cut out cut off like tons off your running curve。 So once again。

 it's like bring her in with the fun。 And usually I'll do that too， like that's the 910，90% here。

 me expressing reeler in 10。 So anyway， what do you do， Then I'll still keep the fun of it。

 But slow down， she best friend work hold are you。😊，没有吧。

I Nebrasity that funny or how did think I am2？But I was going to say 37 I'm kidding。

 I'm kidding How do you think2。Oler， better， more mature。

 smarter' the name of every great man in America George what are you guys doing right now？

Come food Bur Lou So it's like chat， what are you doing right now。

 don't just hope for something magically happen boom， come to burger Lou ever Bur Lou。

So mean to me fuck mean， what the fuck did I do I put you on the fucking track dont step up I am from Switzerland though。

For why dont and raised I moved to three years ago accent You cannot have lost your mom's American and two almost like beat the shit out of each other obnious for my number。

Can you bank where and I'll add you on Facebook， bank。Say please。 Okay， okay， okay。

What's your phone number？H are youじ。And then when you give it back to me， like say here， master。おい。

I'm kidding， I'm kidding。You're too intimidating。I'm just some loser to pink shirt。

With some necklace。Where here。It was very nice to meet you。 It wasn't。Okay，' just simple。

 It's I got a fun， fun fun。 logistics， unfortunately， didn't happen。 So I wass like， oh， whatever。

 go for the number。 But that's it， fun， bounce， bang。😊。

