# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：1.十戒：戒律5 — 明确传达 第二部分 Law 5 - Communicate Clearly part 1Law 5 - Communicate Clearly part 2【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

you can have the vibe down， you can get out of your own way， start offering value。

 start making yourself feel good， start being real。But。

If you don't have these basic requirements down， it's not even an interaction。 Okay， without these。

 the interaction is not possible and they sound so simple。 They seem so simple。

 You're not on top of these。 You're not even in the game。 Let's just say， okay， so the first one。

And you should ask yourself this question all the time if things are not going that well。

Can she hear me。As simple as that。 can she fucking hear me， It happens so often。

 I'll see you guys go out。They're making themselves feel good。 They're fucking real。

 They got out of their own way。The girl doesn't fucking hear them。Okay， now。

 obviously getting out of your own way， being a little bit less stifled will affect how loud you are。

 But if you're stifled， you know in every other area of your life， you've been stifled for years。

The way your， I call it your internals are adjusted， you talking this loud。

 Feel like you're talking really loud。 And if she goes like what， it's not make you feel good。 Yeah。

 then it just reinforces it。 And a lot of rejections are simply because the girl doesn't hear you。

 I've seen guys like on program like quite often like， hey。😊，She didn't even notice you。Yeah。

 it's like， can she hear me？ And to kind of correct this and correct the next ones， too。

 you want to really swing the pendulum。 Okay， so what does that mean， exaggerate it for a bit。

 If you're someone who gets that a lot like what or the girl can't hear you。Start in a way。

 talking as if you're almost yelling。Okay， now you're going to think you're almost yelling。

Internally， but externally， you're going to be talking normal。Okay， and this is big。

 Your internals have adjusted to this。 So for you， whatever your default level is。

 that sounds normal。 You exaggerate it。For the real world。

 that's the new normal because you're talking quietly in your mind， it's yelling。

 But you do this long enough。 It'll readjust to the new normal。Okay。

 so you kind of swing the pendulum that way， exaggerate it for a bit So it becomes normal。 Okay。

 and a lot of this， too， is just habits you want to change。

 And the only way to really fix them is time and awareness。That's it。 Like， everyone can speak loud。

 but。You need to do it over time。 It takes time and awareness where you catch yourself not being loud enough and you change the habit。

 Yeah， so what I'd even do is。I'd recommend writing shit down on your arm。 You know， it's like。

 say you're not loud enough。 be like loud。 Every  time a straight girl said， oh yeah loud。

 oh yeah loud。 Keep reminding yourself。 It'll accelerate that process。You know。

 a lot of game could be that。 It's like， say it's， you know， being real， being man woman。

 being man woman， being man woman， Anything to remind yourself。 Okay。

 but this is the first requirements。 The other one is， am I smiling。Simple as that。 Okay， like。

 ideally， you should be smiling， but a lot of people。They're not so not used to feeling good。

 that even when they feel good， they don't show it in， you know， through their facial expressions。

 They kind of block it off。You know， I had this even last weekend。 A guy was like。

 I'm feeling really good。😊，News like that。 It's like， no， it's like。Change it。 Okay。

 Learn to be expressive with your face。 Learn to be like a lot of my game is in the facial expressions。

Huge， okay， doing some。Silence opens could help with this。 Okay。

 that's another little exercise you can do is go up And for the first 10 seconds， don't talk。

 That's you start the interaction。Now， what will that force you to do on one hand？

You'll kind of see the vibe you're putting off。 That's a good way to kind of check up， hey。

 am I being real， am I offering value， am I making myself feel good。

 Just see how the girls react you being silent。😊，If they don't react well。

 you got to change that shit internally。 And number two， it'll get you in touch with these。Subcomics。

Now， you'll kind of get in touch in harness。 Okay， how do I project this without talking。

 How do I project this through my facial expressions， How do I project this through my body language。

How can I kind of amplify these emotions， and this is a skill set you can develop。 When I go out。

 I amplify a lot。You know， even say I contact。 I can be like， hey， we're like。Hey， I can amplify。

 I can project different emotions。But you want to project fun， Just like smile。 if you like。

 where you like， smile， can she hear me， eye contact， Are you looking at her？ That's the third one。

 numberumb 4。😊，Are you facing her， We call this like squaring up。

A lot of guys guess what they're talking like this to the girl。

 or they're gaming the girl's shoulder。You do that， you cut the flow。Of communication。

 you cut the channel of communication。You want her to like look at you get sucked in， look at her。

 it's like square up。Okay， and number five。Proximity， getting closer。The closer you are。

 the stronger she experiences you。Okay， you can be talking like this。 You get a lot closer。

 gets a lot more intense。You wanted to get a feel for who you are， get closer。Now， obviously。

 you want to go， you know， in and out。 Don't just stay close。 But these are like the five basic。

 basic fucking requirements。 Can she hear me， Am I smiling， square up eye contact proximity。Yeah。

 can she hear me？ Am I smiling， laser eye contact， square up proximity。 And again。

 to change all of these， a lot of it's kind of like just changing the habit。

 time and awareness exaggerated a bit。 know， one thing I say is whenever you're talking。

 say you're someone who doesn't have this， imagine you're delivering fucking Shakespeare on stage。

Okay， and a big one here， too that I really want to mention is these requirements。

And what we talked about before in terms of being real and making yourself feel good have nothing to do with energy。

Big， we all associate feeling good with having a lot of energy。Yeah， or basic requirements。

 having energy。 I just noticed that actually it has nothing to do with energy。 energy means shit。

 Actually， I would say that times when because I deal with a lot of anxiety in my life。

 times when I'm anxious or close to panic。 I have a lot of energy。

 but it does not feel good Yeah energy is doesn't matter。 even if the 300 buttons。

 you don't need energy。 you can look something energy。 Yeah。

 like even this like the way I'm talking here， Hey。Fun， carefully。

 There's a little passion because be like， hey。Here， how's it going。That there。

 You don't need the energy。 like oh that obsession with energy。Becauseuse that， too， it's a label。

 must be in the zone。 It must be super happy， super high energy。 energy means nothing。 weird。

 Yeah You don't need energy。 Even a girl say on the dance floor， and not about the energy。😊。

More so about the intensity。