# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：2.任务：4.6任务6 4.6 Mission 6【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

🎼爱多久。Before I laid my eyes laid my eyes on you and welcome to mission number six now this one we're going to the going out every single day what does this mean for You're out the next seven straights minimum of 2030 minutes every single day the last weeks to center yourself a little recuperate this week you're hitting the field hard again so I hope you're ready be sure to post daily in the Facebook group as well to hold yourself accountable and keep in mind that I read that group every single day so do not。

Okay， so that's the first thing're going out seven days straight number two。

 I want us to keep working on these longer interactions okay。

 last week you had to do this during the day where you had to hold an interaction for a minimum of 20 minutes this week。

 I want you to do this at night。Okay so during the night。

 one of these days you're going out and you need to hold an interaction for 20 minutes minimum okay now bear in mind this will most likely be in the second part of the night after 1230 so aim most likely to do this say Friday or Saturday unless you go to a bar that closes early or it's happy hour okay but I want a 20 minute interaction minimum not during the day but at night okay and ideally it lasts longer than 20 minutes and ideally it lasts as long as you and her going to a bed and really taking things further okay that's the second thing the third thing this week is I want us to keep working on social pressure okay like being used to it。

 getting used to it， feeling comfortable with people staring at you and judging you you had to do last week the awkward Starbucks opens this week we're gonna take it up a notch and what I want you to do is during the day。

Okay， one of these days you're gonna have to go out during the day。

 find a crowded area in your city like where a lot of people are like walking by or maybe even hanging out and you're gonna to walk into that crowded area okay like public property like somewhere outside stand in the middle of the crowd and for one minute straight。

 you're going to time yourself， I want you to talk loudly about you know some of the biggest lessons you learned since watching 1ga and applying10 game。

so this is gonna be a little awkward， extremely scary。

 you're literally gonna walk out into you know crowded area like say it' during the day people kind of hanging out there's like a thousand in a park you're gonna walk there stand in the middle of the crowd and just out loud so people can hear for one minute straight just talk about the lessons be like know so when I started watching10 game the first thing I really learned was you know the getting out of your own way so one thing I was had is I'm extremely introverted and like。

Okay， like you're delivering some fucking speech and I want it to be loud enough so that people are looking at you like with the fuck is guy to what。

 like I want pressure and I want you to talk loudly and hold it for one minute straight。Okay。

 so that's your social pressure exercise and the last thing this week is I want you to do three silent openers okay。

 so what does that mean you can do this during the day or at night just walk up and for the first 10 seconds of the interaction you can't say a word okay this will force you to。

Get in touch with the different channels or layers， you know communication。

 you're going to have to use facial expressions a lot okay a silent opener isn't just you walk up and be like。

For like 10 seconds， you need to have an interaction， but without using。Okay， so it's like。

 for example， tap tap。So look at you and you're like。Most likely shall' shake your hand Okay。

 like actually a lot of my opens right now just tap out handshake， so tap out handshake and then。

It's all facial，'。Ex what？Okay， like I want you to play around with it。

 play around with facial expressions， play around with holding again。

 the interaction just without words for the first 10 seconds and then obviously talk， Okay。

 otherwise， going be like what the fuck is this， it's not window。Okay， so to recap。

You're out for the next seven day straight minimum of 2 to 30 minutes daily。

 I want a long interaction at night， okay minimum 20 minute interaction ideally longer， number three。

 you're going go to a public area and for one minute straight talk about the lessons you learned since watching an applying10 game okay loud so everyone can hear and learn to be comfortable with that social pressure and number four。

 three silent openings。Good luck。