# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：3.练习：练习5 -单词联想【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

This one here， Okay， and you probably realize， like， this happens a lot of my interactions。

 I say something makes me think of this makes me think of this。 Remember， it's like the， the butter。

 It's like you're smooth。 like but， I'm smoother， like butter without the fad。 Good it like that。😊。

This is how your mind kind of works when there's a lot of pressure off。

 You can also kind of grease the process here。 Okay， this is a popular exercise in improv。

 It's word association。 So what you're going to do is groups of two for these。30 seconds each。

 You're going to give him， for example， a word。Whatever that word is， and here's the exercise。

He's going to build a sentence from that word， around that word。Depending on whatever you say。

 you're gonna pick another word from that sentence，Develop a second sentence。

Develop a word from that sentence，Develop another sentence， so on and so forth。 So， for example。

 it's like bottle， say it's like bottle。 Your sentence could be。

 I'm holding a bottle of water in my hand。There's the sentence。Now。

 depending on what I just said here， now I， you keep picking the words after that。

 So I have to pick the word。 Holding。 Holding is a word that starts with a letter H letter。

Could be a letter in the alphabet， but also made out of paper。Made is a song I made you by Emine M。

M and M， you to keep on fucking flowing like this。 Okay， now， when you do this。

 don't make your as sentences too long or you lose the purpose of the exercise。 Don't be like。

 I'm holding a bottle of water in my hand。 and there's a blue thing here。 and there's a cap on it。

 And I don't really know what kind of what no。And don't make it too short either。 Don't be like。

 bottles are cool。 There's no words to pick from。So make it a good length and you can't pick the last word。

Okay， it's kind of like a mind fuck type of exercise。 You're like， oh。

 and then try to keep it going in as smooth as fuck impossible。 If you get a good hang of it。

 try to go faster。Okay， and this is not one sentence each。 It's one guy for 30 seconds to a minute。

Gope， does it have to begin with the He gives you the first word。 And then it's you're on your own。

 fucking flowing。哎，有。All are things like down bowling cut。 Pick another word。 Go next sentence。 Well。

 no， that you keep going now from the sentence you just said now you pick a word。

 you go with the second sentence from that word。Ali Alley is a dangerous place for women to be night。

Winn is the reason why I've actually come down for a nastyn， Julian is a French name。

France is a place near where England is， which where I'm from。

 England is a place I don't like and then try to go faster。 It's tough。

 But it's like faster like that。What is。Yeah then with a flower it can be fairly really good if with。

Smell， faster。All sorts of things。Green， green colour on my lawn。 unless I forget to watch it。

Water is awesome。 I love drinking water。 Good。 Try to go faster。😊，feeling bad， doing bad。 Okay， bad。

 don't bad。 Maybe going is the state of the earth at this moment in time。

 the earth has go five continents do5， Keep it flow。 Keep it one。 you keep going。 you keep going。

 It's one person allright， good， get good。 Just to demo this。 Okay， cause I and get it。

 It's one person。 So say， I'm doing it with you。 let's just do shoe。😊，Everybody buys brand new shoes。

 cut， keep going， pick a word now from what you said and keep going。Everybody likes new things。

 They buy new things。A lot of people try to think of things when they're trying to create a sentence right now。

 People use different sentences that express how they feel and what they do and what they love。

 Some people think love is real。 Some people love is vague but it all matters what it means to you means。

Keep going faster， meat。People think one thing can mean one thing， but it's one。1，2，3。

 those are different letters different different。这边啊。Options， options1 or3。

 which one choose which faster， faster， which vampire vampire vampire good， really。

 So that's where you kind of go about it。 Now， obviously， here as given the other words。

 you come up with those words。 It's like， you say the sentence。 And depending on what you say。

 you gotta pick a word in the middle for the next sentence。 Then pick a word the middle for the next。

 It's you solo flowing and try to get it smooth and fast。😊，All right。

 let's keep it going 10 more seconds。 then we'll switch 10 more seconds， go。

