# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战1-提供价值 Infield 1 - Offering Value【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

I like starting with these because it really shows the difference between。

Someone who's in their own way or not， someone who's offering value or taking value。

 someone who's making themselves feel good or depending on someone else to feel good and someone who's real or someone who's not real。

Okay， and then beyond that， too， you can kind of see the communication and the win win mentality at play。

 I'm gonna play it。 I'm like， okay， what did you learn from this。

 And you're all gonna point out actions。 You're like， well， you did this。 You said this。

 This happened。 She said this。 She did this。 And there's all this that you did。Fuck that。

 That's like 10% of it。 What about the 90%， How am I feeling。What's the vibe。

 how did you feel watching it， what's the girl feeling interacting with me？That's。What matters here。

 Okay， these four fucking laws， it's all about how you feel。

It's all about the sub communicationations， the actions really。It's not what the girl's looking at。

 I mean， you self like talk a it。 the paradox is is， yeah， there is a bit of logical， but that's it。

The rest is zoning on the subcomications。 So we're going to play through the first one here。

Then the second one， and then the second one is's the opposite to really kind of get you zoned in。

 And then we're just gonna start building on it。 from Hu。怎么个さ？I grew up in Schchweitz。

 this generation is labor in America。😊，我就你的吗。🎼バスバスお was that。Oh， no， my sister doesn't allow me。

 she's actually my girlfriend pregnant so he cant drink。She's my girl， well。

 little our little son Gabar Gaspa， so she can't drink science supporters。

Don't why you cockfucking me， Why you cockfucking me， You're the worst Huck you。

You my girlfriend is pregnant。🎼Mine finding mind my be some No no and you fine。Caren， Carlen。

 Carolen， clean point he has the hunts， begins hunts。 Yeah， this smonatin pregnant。 little baby。

 Yeah， my baby， What are you saying， What are you saying， it's special。 It's special vitamins。

 It's vitamin water。 the。 How are you。😊，New young little baby accent。I， it's my birthday yesterday。

 S M I， first time in a nightclub。' so excited。 Oh my God， I love it。 How old are you。

 Why are you so small。 Why are you so small。😊，What happened， What happened are your parents small？

Maybe you have a different dad， maybe your moms cheated with a mail mail。🎼ダめゃん。Are you from Minchin？

Come closer， closer， closer， closer， closer， I just want to， I've never hugged a small little midge。

Do you know the movie the Hobbit that could be I'm going to call you Frodo Can you do me one favor。

 can you look at me maybe like Gandollf if I love you？Same down off this libertyerty Bo。

Sa say fuck me Gandndalf， I'm a hobbit， say it， say it。Say it。 It's super fun grand I'm a Good girl。

 good girl。 I like her。 I love you。 Do you want to get married， F this one。

 I want to put a baby right here in you。 I think you're old enough to legal have a baby。I'm 18。

 so I can't get a baby know， are you still a merchant？Yeah you are I would do like this。

 I'd be like then the blood would go and I'd be like。Oh yeah。I'd be a vampire， get you out。

I love everywhere， What do you do if you date a guy？

Say you on your period and say he's like oh I love it and he just goes down on you would you let him go down on you You'd be like no no。

 if he' like no， I like it if you love me let me do it。

And then you hear them do like this sucking gas。Glf after golf， what what do you do。

 would it be weird？And so he pulls out a little straw and he's like。はい。Now。

 let's kind of break it down through the loss here。 Okay， first of all， describe the vibe。

 then' give a fuck， fun， playful， Carefree。 Yeah， and nonreactive self amusement， leading， yep。

 playful， yep。😊，What else， more， I want more。 Like， say。

 you had to describe this vibe to your friend who was not here。 How do you put it into words。

 He's like， so how was the vibe in that Julia clip， Your phone was transferring to them。

 You could tell by their reaction。Be more precise。 Imagine someone didn't see that。 like。

 what do you mean， Like， it's transferring into the， the reactions。 What do you mean。Like I。

 I would say even if they didn't speak the language。

 just like your energy coming off them would be like good understanding。Okay， so this is big。

Realize the game is preverbal。You can it's impossible to fully put this in words。

 If you had to explain this。 your friend who didn't see it， who didn't emotionally recognize it。

 you can only cover a bit of it like， you know， like， oh， you know， it was fun。

 It was free from the outcome。 That makes sense logically。

 but it's something you have to emotionally recognize。 And it's something that， as you said。

 the girl tunes into as well。 It's the same as if， say you're sitting next to each other and say you're super upset。

 You could probably feel that。 or he's super stressed。 You could probably feel that stress。

The girl feels if you're being， if you're feeling good。

 if you're being real and if you're offering value or not。

 if you're coming from abundance or scarcity， she'll sense that immediately。

 So that's like the state transfer the law of state transference。 Not only will she feel that。

 her friends will feel that。 And even you when watching Infield will feel that。

And you'll see that by the next video。 It's like bringing a plane to the opposite where I'm not offering value。

 but taking value。 And it's not gonna be as fun to watch。 You're not gonna feel as good watching it。

 What I want to say is， say， for example， the period blood。

 That's what's congruent to me is' a little out there。 Okay， or like the photoro。

 Like that type of humor that's a little fucked up。 That's my humor。 That's just who I am。

 This doesn't mean， by the way， that you guys need to say or do this。And that's big， too。

 And that's one of the， the problems like guys have when you're only focused on the doing is like。

 you see this And you're like， okay， well， what gets the girl。

 The fact that he's saying this and he's doing that。Wrong， because then you say and do that。

 but when you say or do it。You won't feel the same as when I'm saying or doing it。

That's what's important。 Like the girl， as you mentioned， she's not looking at the actions。

 but at the vibe。So your question here should actually be， what's the vibe。And what can I say or do？

 So I have this vibe。 So I feel just as good。😊，As Julian， when he's talking about period late。

But there is also the fact that I am aware of the girl and interactions to people。

 So notice how I don't just jump to period blood， I might say the fuck me frodo thing first。

 if when I say， hey， say fuck me， you know， I'm frodo or fuck me Galf or something like that。

 And she's like， like she doesn't say with a huge smile。 like this girl did here。 She's like， e。

 I'm not gonna stack on period blood。😡，That's a sign like， oh， okay。

 anything more than that won't be relatable。 I'm still gonna be real。

 But being real is not just one thing。 There's many things I could say or do that are real congruent and that make me feel good。

 not It's not like I'm stuck on like， I have to say the period blood。😊。

So I'll just pick another course of action。It's kind of like， I'm jing my fun。 And at all times。

 It's like， you do a bit of fun。 You look， is she's still part of it。 More fun。 you look。

 she's still part of it， and you can generally tell by the tenseness。

 If there's any kind of tenseness saying her body language， or eyes。 She's kind like like that。

 Maybe take some steps back， nervous little giggle， she may say stuff like， oh， are you。

 are you drunk， Are you on drugs，'s what's up with you， shit like that means you got to slow it down。

 you're approaching that limit where you could be too far out that it's unrelatable。

 It doesn't mean that the interactions over。 just like， you got some warning signs。😊。

And this is actually important to understand with rejections。 too。

 guys tend to think the girl loves you or hates you。

 and she could switch from loving you to hating you like that。And that's what stifles you。 Like。

 that's what gets in your own way is you're expressing yourself and you're like。

 if I do one little fuck up。说 hate你。It's black and white。No， rejections gradual。 If a girl loves you。

 she's not going switch to hating you。 She'll give you。Those signs beforehand。

 she'll signal you' like too much pressure， too much pressure， Too much pressure。

 And if you just keep blindly doing your thing， then yeah， you could get the a。 okay。

 have a great night。 You're like， with that came out of nowhere。 No。

 there were all the signs beforehand that you just didn't see The same as if you're a little too boring。

What are the signs of too boring， too loose she。嗯hu。

That's when you got to maybe amp it up with some period blood talk or something。 Now。

 amp it up with something。 And she'll give you more signs， like too boring， too boring， too boring。

 Okay， bye。Oh， the rejection came out nowhere。 It's like， no， there's always the signs beforehand。

 Okay， and this is actually something that once you cultivate it。

 like still being aware of the girl while expressing yourself， you should not get quote unquote。

 bad rejections。You know， we're gonna get into a rejection compilation。 They're really not bad。

 Most rejections like， I meet you。 guysy's like， well。

 what are the crazy rejections where she's like throwing her drink。 It's like， what the fuck like。

 that should never happen。 Like， never happen。As long as you're aware of this。Okay， social awareness。

 big， okay， and it communicates a lot of value。 The fact that you are aware that you are able to change courses of action and。

That you don't lose unquote state over it because that'll happen， too。

 guysys get stuck on this one thing。 It's like I gotta say the period blood。 And if I don't say it。

I'll feel horrible， or I'll feel like I compromise who I am， where I'll feel weak。And they'll say。

 for example， Froto and say she's like， fuck， I can't say the period blood。 whatever。

 And they lose state。's not into a plan It's having your。

 it's having your identity or your ego like invest in this one thing。

 It's like you got to be fucking flexible。 And she'll see that like， oh。

 he's flexible and he's socially aware。Becauseuse thats too。

 if you're not socially aware And the fact you just keep doing that one thing。

 And when she's not relating to you， like she's not relating to it， you'll lose massive value。

 She's like， well， this guy can't tell that I'm not feeling comfortable if he can't tell he's going too far out there。

 then I'm not relating。 how can I trust this guy。How can this guy， like be my fucking rock。

 How can I say if we have a kid together， How can I trust him to provide for us and the kid in the world if he can't be this aware of like。

 if he has no social awareness， he'll go out and get himself killed or something。😡。

I can't depend on him at all。You know， I'd have to do everything。 He'd only depend on me。

And no girl wants to be around a guy like that。Okay， it's extremely low value。 Yes。

 what are the better signs to look for the nonverbal or。Like like her body language。

 like what are the the more general tenseness， tenseness， You'll sense it in the vibe。

 but it'll be communicated in body language and what she says and how she says it。

 And that's stronger than like the subcom those are subcomications。Yeah， yeah。

 it's like oh yeah yeah， yeah， like that。 It's like， okay， slow down。Yeah， okay， amp it up。 For now。

 I just want you guys to kind of be aware of that vibe。 that's what you have to aim for。

 And once again， it's not what I'm doing。 what it should be like which should get your mind spinning now is what the fuck you do。

 What can you say to be that excited because I can guarantee you no one else in that environment。

 that venue is offering that much value。 Like no one is feeling better is you know。

 fucked as it sounds is me talking about those that period blood shit。

 No one's offering more fun is more carefree and more passionate and giddy about it as me talking about that。

And that's why she gets attracted。Other guys， they go up。 They're like， hey。

 trying to be cool or trying to take。 And I was like， ha， pi of v here。 Check this out。

 No one does that。