# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：1.十戒：戒律4 - 真实 第一部分 Law 4 - Be Real part 1【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

The next one here is just in terms of being real。This year applies to however you feel。 So。

 for example， if you're out of states， don't fake， be an end state。 embrace it。

Ebrace being out of state， being real in terms of your of your vibe， being authentic。

Being real in terms of being man to women。That's real if you're not man's a woman。

If you feel guilty about your intentions， you're not real。And realness is so much value。

 the same as like fun carefree passion because no one's fucking real。

 especially if they're talking to a hot girl。Every guy who's talking to hotg girl wants either the approval or wants to fuckcker。

 if they're nice， they'll be nice to get the approval if they're be mean。

 they're be mean to get the approval because they heard ashole assholes gay girls。

 they're never fucking real。 and I talk about this in my manifesto if you've seen it online。

 a girl's like a millionaire in a club surrounded by poor people。😡。

And everyone's going up and they're acting different ways， but there's always that hidden agenda。

Get rid of the agenda。It's a breath of fucking fresh air。

 and she will love you and fuck you for it with realness， by the way。Couple things。 Okay。

 this clarity of intent mean man to women。Is something that should naturally happen in the vibe。

And this is huge。 Okay， so things like push pull， you all heard of push pull， right， I love you。

 I hate you。 push pull， things like statements of intent。 You all heard that。😊。

It're telling them to go， hey， I like you， he， you're beautiful。嗯。Being physical， laser eye contact。

 stuff like that。We all tend to think this is what makes it man to woman。Yes。😊，It can amplify it。

 but the way you should view all those things， anything that you do is like training wheels to unlock the man to woman。

Big， okay， so most of us we go out and we're not real because we're afraid that if we are real。

 we'll get rejected if something bad will happen so you hold back parts of your personality。

Now see you learn about push pull。Okay and one thing I'll sometimes make guys do if they need to work on this is like go been a girl like hows it going on are you from San Francisco and whatever she says。

 if she's like yes， or if she says she's from somewhere else， wherever she's from， fuck that place。

Just tell her like， oh， you're from San Fran。 No， where are you from， New York， F， New York。

 like that。With a smile。Basically， creating a little bit of playful friction。

 something that most of us fear。 And what you'll realize is that nothing bad will happen。In reality。

 if you do it right， her reaction to be like， what， why？Now。

 does that mean you should do it every single time。 No， Does that mean you should use a technique。

 No， but that was basically the training wheel to prove to your mind nothing bad happens。Which now。

Gives you permission to bring some more realness out。That's the way it works。

 The same with statement 7 intentts。 Most guys are so fucking scared of letting the girls know that they like them。

 So they hold it back。They come up with excuses， they justify their intentions。They're like， oh。

 I was looking around and I saw， oh， hello， are you looking for the place too。

Why are you talking or like coming up with reasons for why they're talking to her， no。

 you're talking to her because you're a guy， she's a girl。Shameless。Okay， but it's tough to do。

 So saying those statements of intent can desensitize you to actually being okay。

With letting that out in the vibe。Same with being physical， the same with laser eye contact。

 There are the training wheels。 Once you unconsciously give yourself permission。

 then it should just naturally come up。 I can talk to a girl。 I don't have to tell her。

 I like her for her to know。 I don't have to be physical for her to know。

 I don't have to consciously think about push pulls。

 They'll naturally happen as a consequence of me being real。 Some shit shall love。 Some She'll hate。

 so think of all those techniques as unlocking that realness。

