# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战8-长定拉力 Infield 8 - Long Set Pull【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

And we're going to crack into a longer interaction here。Okay， some key things to understand。 Okay。

  building on these laws here is。First of all， the plane win win， it's very rare。Thatdy girl。

 especially in the first part of the night。Wants to spend her entire night talking to one guy。

It's not her goal。So there's a certain time and place throughout a night out， okay。

In the first part of the night， what's the first part of the night。

 Just take the night divided by two。 Usually here in L A， it'll be till midnight 30。

 That's the first part of the night。 During that time， for most girls。It's not time for sex。

 it's just too early。The girl gets dresseded up。 She wants to have a fun night out。

 Sex is the climax at the end。 She doesn't want to just jump to the end。

So you're not going to pull a girl in that first part of the night。Number two。

No girl wants to spend her whole night talking with the same dude。

 She may love you in that first part of the night。But it's going to end at some point。Okay。

 and this kind of freaks guyses out。 It's like you're talking to a girl。

 Everything's going really well。 And then you just kind of see a fizzle out。

Do you guys ever have that in the first part， you' like what the fuck's happening？Yeah。

 you didn't do anything wrong。 It's supposed to fizzle out。Cause it's an obstacle to her goal。

 And that first part of the night， it's like， okay， you're really cool。

 I hope I see you later so we can take things further。😊，But I just got here。

And if you could try to keep her there。Now you become more and more an obstacle and stillll lose attraction traction in you're done。

Okay， so first part， it's usually a lot of shorter interactions。

 That doesn't mean make them short purposely。 I'll see guys kind of rush。

 like just purposely keep their interaction short。 No， if things are going well。

 keep writing that way。 But once you kind of sense it dying down。

 it just kind of makes sense to be like， okay， what's your number listenings hang out later。

So you' be talking a lot of those girls， getting logistics， okay。

 finding how what her situation is and getting numbers， that's the first part of the night。

Once midnight，30 hits， that's when girls are more receptive to having those longer interactions。

 They already talk to a bunch of people。 Now they're like， hey， well。

 where's someone where I can kind of take things a little bit further。Okay。

 and this is where you need to commit to a set。 You need to commit to a girl and spend a good 45 minutes。

 an hour and a half， and then potentially lead it towards sex。

But if you don't spend 45 minutes an hour and a half， it's usually not going to go to sex。

So what does that mean in terms of your game？Okay， just with the think when win。

If your interactions are shorter than 45 minutes， it doesn't matter how good your game is。

 you'll never have consistent results。啊。It's kind of weird。 Most guys like it。 They go out。

 Their average interactions is like 5 to 10 minutes。

If you keep having five to 10 minute interactions， your game could be fucking 100 out of 10。

Nothing will happen。Nothing because it's a basic requirement。Okay。

 and you should focus on reaching that 45 minute mark or an hour and a half mark。

And then focus maybe on amping up your game if nothing's happening in that case there。Okay， because。

 you know， it can be frustrating。 I made a video about this with Todd recently where it's like。

 you have like amazing 5 to 10 minute game。 And in your mind。

 if you look back at some of your interactions where it didn't go anywhere， you're like。😊。

I can't see how I could possibly get better in terms of my game。And your game was perfect。

You didn't reach the 45 minute line。Okay， so committing to a set is big。

 having that long set and also sticking to that commitment because what will happen as soon as you pick a girl and you guys probably all experience this。

 A million better options appear。😊，You know， it's like the grass is always greener on the other side。

 You talk to her you're like， fuck， there's her。 And then guys just kind of bounce between at the end。

 You're left nothing。 you know， or you kind of head here you're like。

 I don't know which one to commit to， Which is the right one to commit to。You know。

 just commit to one。You may have committed to the right one。

 You may have committed to the wrong girl， and nothing will happen。 But if you don't commit。

 nothing will happen either way。So around midnight 30， you need to stick to a girl。

 It could be a new girl， you could text your numbers and like commit to one of those but you need to have a long set。

 and the skill set here is to build the muscle of endurance。A lot of pulling is endurance。

 It's holding that interaction for 45 minutes to an hour and a half。And it's tough。Okay。

 it's tough because we're so used to the short sets。That is kind of weird。 Like， well， now what。

 that'll pop in。And。It's harder to endure good reactions than bad reactions。Counterintuitively。

Cause we kind of go in and it's like， yeah， if you get rejected whatever。 But if things go well。

 now what。You freak out。 Gu panic， and you might have experienced this。 You open。

 something that's going well。And some of your mind's like， oh， shit， it's going well。 Now what。

 What do I do， It's going well， I'm so used to the rejections。 What's happening。 It's going well。

And then you'll either freak out and do something a little too far out there。 like， make out。

 And she's like， no， it's over or you'll eject for no reason at all。Every guy does this。

 you reject for no reason。Why it's a success barrier。

 It's like you're scared of it actually going well。 It's going well。 You panic。In the muscle。

 where skills that you need to build is endurance。Learn to be with good reactions and to endure it going well。

Which is harder than it seems。Okay， so we're going to crack into a longer interaction here。

 I'll play this one all the way through。It's boom， okay。It's 24 minutes，40 seconds。

 When this actually happened， I'd cut this one down。 It was an hour and 10 minutes。

 So this is an hour and 10 minute interaction cut down to 25 minutes。

The reason I cut it down is you'd be bored out of your mind if we just play through an hour in 10 minutes and you may even feel bored after 25 minutes。

 like this will feel like an hour long video to you watching it。😊。

But the lesson here is you need to start。Aiming for this。 And if this feels long if this feels long。

 there is like the little red light， the blinking light， like you're too focused on these short sets。

If this feels long。 That's a big saving point you need to fix。 Now is's like。

 get those long sets going。Okay， and what you'll realize too。

 is that when you get that little question， like， what do I do next， try to think more of the same。

And the way I kind of go about it is my game's little bursts have everything on repeat。

A little bit of fun， little bit of push， little bit of pull， a little physicality， lean in。

 lean back， comfort， fun through it。 And I just keep that going。 And it's like building a muscle。

 just keep enduring it 45 minutes， hour and a half。😊，And then you pull。Okay。

 but this here and this interaction here， this is your ideal situation for polling。

 Most polls or results from interactions like this。It's not in the first part of the night。

 and it's not in the third part of the night。 That's when the club closes， and it's on the streets。

And it's chaotic。You can pull third part of the night， and you will。But it's chaotic。

 and it's kind of out of your control。 The buying temperature is high。 like the girls ready for sex。

 So you have that on your side， but it's too chaotic， unpredictable。This is the predictable method。

 This is where most results will come from。 It's around midnight，30 or1。 boom， you stick on a girl。

 You spend a nice hour with her。 You get all the logistics， You win her friends over。

 You build that vibe to the point where it's it's logical to take things further to sex。

 And it's a smooth， fucking pull。That's most results。 This is the ideal。 So here I am。

 I open the girl， These are two friends。 She's there， and I'll play through it。What， nice lap。

Nice luck。You guys want each other。F fell in love years ago。

 and I've been waiting for the opportunity to pop back in。Why the hatey girls？I'm actually shocked。

 I was just stumbling in。Are you from LA？I'm Canadian。Thank。How do you know？Canadiantawa。

I hate it though， I try to lose my accent， otherwise like when I moved here I runs like。

 you sound like an American leprechaun。Like especially if you're from back to， Vancouver。

 your groceries， how is it going today？What do you actually do if I just like put my back in the lap is like。

 duh。dream about it， having nightmares about it， like that guy oh my god。

 no I'm I lost every sense of self that I had。I realized that I are you How do you think I am？7。

Really。I'm younger， im' mature。Yes， nobody。Baby toilet， know I'm。Not a version。

 version still naxious， if I said。I'm Korean from the waist down， that'd be good enough。

That'd be believable and good enough。What was Thanksgiving here here。What if I cried？

Stay or like we you just walk away okay， imagine right now， imagine right now。

 I'm like just like just cried for no reason。Would you walk away embarrasseds like what the fuck that everyone starts staring like I'm sobbing and everything？

こ。I would just pretend like I do。Know why you're crying。We're fun respond at you though time Mr。 Bob。

没没 sure没。Juian，'s the。Interesting， as a sign note。Do you hate me or do you love me right now？Okay。

 because I lied， I'm not from Canada。Are you from Paris？Switzerland， Switzerlanditzer。

But my best friend model way。I could have liked more。おっぱい。the people that you know make well。

 I also travel lots I can keep alive like I'm from Toronto you know， I used to go to the Maddie。

You know what that is， the bar， the Madison and the college kids together。

I's the Madison girl I that So what do you are you？还会解这两。No， I am。I wish you。No。

 I do public speaking。Crystal development shop out。Really， I wouldn enough。I'm an icon， idol。

 I look at myself， what do you do？Pa。How does it feel to not have a soul？I'm really good at。そべ。

You move back here to LA to be a real estate broker？Do you have kids？回だ回。When did you move out here？

About a year ago。We saw New later。You're still on new to LA are you intimidating？

So I'd been here my whole life。Are you wondering right now if I like you're not？

Other times say something super obnoxious。I use， okay， no， try。

I use like I'm only here actually for a month， I got travel right now。

 but I used to live here and I had the whole LA vi down so I'm getting you。niceいす。IBe too nice about。

nice usually had to roll up and be like grab grab my hair something on me or something。

 like grab you like that and be like， until you want to fucking track and shit like that。

Is that work？Yes行。already did， you'd like push me off。Yeah， actually， I know come true。Really。

 I would just like pick you down your total action。I'm seven，8。对。Thank you。down。ごいか。You're short。

 actually。This isHave you ever talked to guys to talk to？Yes。

I think once or twice you can talk to guys beautiful， is me mean， why I have beautiful？

Ha your mother and father made you that way？I never had a problem。The second coming up。So wait。

 where do you live and staying next to the Rona？Where are you live in Valley？你。

Oh way over there far away I like should be my friend。 you hang off me in LA。 you work 95。

 I work for myself。So wait where do you， but you don't live in I'm here until May 7 7th and？开始吃别。

As of now it's nowhere， I'm traveling constantly but。はよ。

Why are you on the ready to say Im exactly Well I consider LA right now the place is the most learned to me。

 but otherwise here in Switzerland， depending on which size the worldland。My mom's sorry。

So French with my daddy。I French？まざこ。53。ItSo bad， do you ever say like Ta Ta that's super na。

In white trash French。Probably it's Montreal， you ever been to Montreal。You' ever been in New York。

 have you ever been outside of America or Canada？These young ladies need to ride home over。

That's what they told me they come。Just leave me， leave me to your friend， who my girlfriend。

This is a my girlfriend。I should introduced this with you' like， he's my friend for years。

where are you going up in May？You're up again。Yeah， yeah， seven weeks in Europe。

Then I'm back in America for a couple weeks。Then。Canada， Australia， Asia。

 why are you doing on this traveling， are you just trying to find yourself？I give conferences。

Still don't believe I'm quite What are you talking about them more like no。

 personal development like self out like how to better yourself as a person？う。It's too late for you。

 you're too old， but some if you have kids， send them to me， send them to your kids in their team。I。

got two hours you？You do real estate program。Also go。All you do is like sell people houses。

 it's not like you're doing anything more。Pucking house for sale。ItsThe man they want to buy。

Go out of form。We you ever made。What was your like relationship？My years。

Moved in together and everything。Why did it end？I mean， why did？

He was never really like my boyfriend， just wouldn't go away。We friends together'。

Your parents are they still together。Okay。I love your smile like that。What's your name already？

For me。That's the most racist thing I've ever heard in my life。So racist。

 you think it's friends you're like believe。It's Gerardo。It's gaston。

I sort of got his gas on and every time I laugh like thehu haul haul。My name is Guton。

 I swear on my mother's right。今な今。Your girlfriend well no。

 my girlfriend's too naive even know it's happening。

What would you do if I actually had a girlfriend that was just talking to you？Oh。I would be her。

Really。No as a sign， you should hang out with， honestly。I have like no more friends here。

 so I'm all sad， I dont think can be my card and then you're probably going to mock me because it's a real estate。

I probably will。そ。the mocking has already occurred don't even know my name。猪演猪演猪演猪。I don't see name。

II know that's what makes it better。I do names about the Lightness in my mind。

You don't mu gay at all。不い。唔见。です。这。So he wanted to。Would you like Manny's Hety night？Well。

 I thought we could go watch。But I we to go watch Os together。

Well what am I you to do with you' going to be gone month？reallyて。Thousands of properties， oh my god。

That is the courtest thing you should just put like if you want to give even corn。

 be like if you dream it。And this is my life。あ。died。I'm quiet mean。二。No， actually。

 I don't have a card on me。You'll never。I know what I do more detail than that You hope there's no for what you do anybody ever told you that you're a very？

In senseense， am I really in a good way or bad way？Aer all is something No。

 I don't even drink well I do occasionally if I haven' been drink tonight night yet。あの。

Why why am you're just really intense intense。I'm an in too not really， I am。You're too nice。

 you're Canadian。起码要走。member。Thanks for it。SaSa， can I please as your？Sa daddy， magic fun。

And just phone number now。这位。Can I have your phone number？AndI love you。Yeah。I don't know how。你。で最後だ。

アメアメリカい。Introduce to your absolutely do it we've known each other the freaks。机会。What。啊是。Let's not。

Whatever， I'll just give you a fake night。Nice see Nice to meet you， shy Gu， I'm super nice。

 nice and， nice， my god。Look my going， look at her， she's already good not yet。I'm like。

 go saveor' my。な。That' that's a backwards compliment， Are you in real estate as well？对啊。You are。

 are you serious， they all are？お前な。She trying。She's like，Am I in real estate？

This is like the night out trying to recruit you。And I just show up this。

We've known each other for years， so I hope about making a great impression on the company。

I even know what' happening anymore。 Who does， who does。 I know that's how it should be。

 It's just a dream。 that your imagination might loose。Where。you were there。

I actually am quite manipulative I can tell really。烦死。No here not。They're not。you are。

 but you're not。I am。I'm manipulate feel like myself。I know all about it here。Come me thank。

I'm curious， honestly， I'm curious， three points， three points。あか。Perth you laugh again。Gin and bed。

もの。All there is the size doesn matter。I'm actually after， look small hands。

You have small handss like I know its good， like it's perfect you have small hands。小毙 love me。Okay。

 it's the point one， what's point two？ああ。Like I went like the same。

Have you ever met a guy like say you？Sa you like you're about to sleep with them and you take your path off and what is it？

When you say something it's like oh I can ass happened to， what did you do？I have sexYou did it。

Did you say use your hands I'm not feeling anything？He was so sweet， can you tell like sitting？No。

 I get that all I put ways I couldn't why why So you were like， oh， it's so big baby。 Oh my god。

 Oh my god， baby， I've never seen such I didn't say Did Did you see him again pretend pretend it was normal when they never call it again。

That's super neat， that's really， really neat， was he Canadianian probably。rich， she's fine。

Canadianad。No， he's weird。嗯系你可。It was like a rock star kid。

That's what I got to do I become a rock star kid。It's the only way you're allowed to have a thing I know they should add like size doesn't matter if you're a rock。

And you're good， it's like done。It's like a T shirt do you believe in God？Interesting。

 what if I'm like a massive Christian？And I I pray every time before sex。How。I'm like。

 thank you God for the deep angel you brought upon me this evening on。Or if I'm like God。

 give me the strength to sleep with this wretched tree。I'm just trying to use you to get to。ちっとなって。

It's unicorn。Senior business tell you this。Pretty cool。I道照我。こ。It's the。It's the。

They're used to seeing me ripping people。T。Really。Really。有明 me咩。People make me fucking。

It's supposed to be on my side am on your side。中意就系。She'd be like， saying your name， I know。

It's because I'm very limited。I'm a stupid。I'm in B。I。I'm interested in myself。What can I watch？

Only a you beg。咁有。2。Okay explain this。That's not you friend， No， we don't know him。

I thought it was like your friend and you， like got this something。I can get you for。あり do。

That's so mean， that's so mean， like the poor guy spending like all was my like， here's friends。

we're hard get anything no， and you're making him think he can， you shouldnt say no。

 you feel bad but him do say？here he is， you cornered all this the three beautiful girls。

 you cornered them all， anymore。Before he did， he's good， before I did， I'llvosh for him。

 you're good。そ吧的。そです。It's kind of an entertainment。My it was。Whoa， what are you watch？

I think you need a drink I'm going to buy you a drink before them the three。

 it's probably better investment， what do you want？What do you drink？Anyways。

 I mean goes bed what do you dream I don't drink not tonight。Good thing， that's why you're。Yeah。

 way ahead of me。か。They don't drink either ever。Ever， ever， ever。Im trying。I gave a drink。

You gave up drinking it tonight。She gave you the speech， she gave you the ramp up what do you？

He's like， don't drink。那个し。be， there's a guy here with you that didn't did that for me for like three months every single day so I'm I used to drink a lot now I'm just like。

I know， but I'm all shy now。I vacation you， it's not I didn't know。usually like just once a while。

Usually just once in a while。りしたら。So。I no new。No， not tonight， No， you're fine。

 don't answer that question。The thing is， baby， you know， I just do all the things I do drink sober。

 so does are thing do。The only reason， like as I told you before。

 if I do drink I'm just not as on top of my shit as I should be。

 but I got to be like instead of being like full moment is like manipulative， I'm doing it。

I think you should do some shots。I'm actually Dar。I like。

What if I did and I just changed this like horrible person what I came to him？好几这。

So you go home with a guy and you're about to sleep with them and right before su he gets a phone call。

ItT out his ans had just passed away and he starts crying at everything and then he's like you're like。

 oh I go he's no stay safe because I'll get really lonely and then he starts kissing and he's like listen。

I want you to pretend that you're my ass right now。じで有一て。Okay， wait a minute。

 what do you do it Are you。でま回。Sa you love that。I just want to hear it over and over。

 like all you have to do is definitely go， just repeat love。让们。I would。Wow， shall。

This's just little creature， isn't he， oh we growing upstairss？Fuck表。No， I think we are fuck no。

 food or drinks， I want to drink。that thought you know， anding the way of Jesus。Ting of the past。

He's lost in a big city now。This不谢。Yeah。She's just solid violationolet。あ快。どしし。coming。

ActuallyI saw B Cook last night La factory so good。I really love myself。

It'sJust this constant mix like da， little push。 I'm just kidding chat。

 And you really got to harness like what you find funny。 You know。

 I know exactly what pushes my own buttons。 For me， it's like my humor is very out there。

 I love doing like those hypothetical situations。😊，Like， what would you do with do， to do。

That intrigues me。 I'm curious。 like like， I'm interested in social dynamics。 Like。

 what would you do if this happened， What if I made it more ridiculous， What if this happened。

 What would you do， What would you do， What would did you do。It's not the content， really。

 It's the fact that I find it exciting。Whatever you find exciting， people will find exciting， too。

 because of the vibe， whatever makes you feel good， that'll make people feel good。

 whatever makes you feel carefree。 It's the same thing。😊，So I just do that， get to know each other。

 And then you just let the natural course of the interaction happen。 These are most interactions。

 This is where you get most of your polls from。Sound magical， just like you just doing your thing。

Enduring it， enduring it to the point where sex is a possibility。Okay， another thing too。

 is sex is you got to get to a place where it's a possibility， say your apartment or her apartment。

 If you're not able to get her to that place， now's going to happen either。

Your game can be 10 out of 10。 if you don't know how to pull her or go with her， you're fucked。

I'll talk about that a bit， too。 But this here should really open your eyes to holy fuck。

 I need to do way longer sets。 If you do not reach the 45 minute line。

 that should be your number one priority Now。 when you go out， your challenge is like tonight。

Get one long set。See what happens If you don't have that long set in the second part of the night。

 Don't try to do it in the first part of the night。 You're not even in the game， if you。

Have the long set where you can do all this。You don't need to do that much for logistics。

 You just have to suggest shots， but it's so assumed it's like you're just both pulled together。

The times you need to really like precede that shit and like boom boom boom give her those like logical reasons like。

 oh， we're going after parting this is usually if you don't have time to do all this。

 Like it's towards the end of the night， it's kind of chaotic。

 That's when you go like the car make out。 ba， ba， ba， ba， ba， ba， bam。

 If you have your time and you play the tempo of the night correctly。Give your long set。

And it's smooth。 you know， I mean， there's ups and downs。 obviously， boom guy comes in。 It's like。

 it's like， hey， let's go， it makes sense。 It'd be weird not to go all the way through。Now， again。

 not all girls， Some girls no matter what they just won't。 But if you play it right like this。

 there's nothing more you can really do。Yeah， so I guess like you work the group really well。

 sometimes I guess like the girls， other other friends actually come and draw out。

 not necessarily to talk me just because they want to talk to her。

 they're like sometimes you get like get locked out of the conversation。

 So how should I reengage and should I wait stand or like walk around。

 talk to other girls come back reopens Well， no， if it's second part of the night You're glued to that girl。

 It's not time to do more opens。 Second part of the night is no more opens。 It's you and her。Now。

 what does that mean if the friends are coming in to pull her out to talk to her them。

 It means laughing something It's because you're not engaging the friends。

 You're an obstacle to the friends now and her。 It's like her friends are there talking to her。

 If you're blocking her off at some point。 They're like， give us our friend back。

 We came here to have a blast together。 So you always have to keep the friends in mind。 It's like。

 game the girl， prioritize the one on one。But keep the friends there。 No， here it's like。

 I'm talking to the friends， too。 However， when I'm talking to the friends。

 it's also clear this is the girl I like。The friend should know this is your target。

 This is the one you like。 And then you're all kind of having to blast together。

 And isolation doesn't mean I always pull her away。 It just， it could just be facing her。 now youre。

 the friends are there and you're just talking 1 on1。 That's isolation。

real quick regarding eye contact I saw that you broke eye contact quite a bit but also I was just wondering what is the optimal should I always be doing piercing eye contact Press on pressure off if you pierce the whole way through it's too much pressure。

 it'll be weird So it's like you kind of ride that it's a feel you develop。

I'll do eye contactact if I want to build the tension a bit or communicate a certain viory motion。

Yeah。You know， if I'm like， do do do， I'll hold it and then。Let go。

It's kind of like say something obnoxious。 I'm just kidding。 Do that with the eyes。

So like youre like， look away stuff like that。 Yeah， if you're all the way like this， super creep。

And if you're looking away all the time， it's weird too。

 projecting sexuality isn't something you build up to。

 It's something that happens when you get out of your own way without even thought。

 It's like if the girl's there， it's just something that'll naturally happen。

 you don't even have to think about it。 So the only things I'm thinking of when out is like how to get that blockage out of there。

From there， it's like here， the blockage we'll go a little bit more deep in terms of getting the blockage out there with the exercises。

 too。 But here it's like there is no more blockage。It's just default。

 I don't have to think it just kind of comes out。 the only thing i'm really thinking in this said is。

呃。At the time kind of like， okay， what's， what's the situation where， what's the， the end goal here。

 I'm gonna try to take things further to sex。 say my place。 That's what I did it's like， hey。

 come to my place for friends there， too， perfect with Owen。And then all I'm thinking is， like。

What can I do to feel good。 It's kind of like assumed。

 It's like the more you can act based on positive assumptions， the better。

 So I assume we're going to sleep together。I assume she likes me。And then I act accordingly。

I think my phone's really fucking enough like Siri。So what does that mean。

 is's like even the way you go about your night， the way you should go about your night is assume you're gonna get that really attractive girl at the end of the night。

 How would you act。If you're talking to a girl， assume。You are gonna have sex，45 minutes。

 an hour and a half from now。 There's like a contract from God。 How would you act。

Assume she already loves you。No matter what you do she'll love you， how would you act？

There wouldn't be that same， like， oh， I need to do this。 I need to do this。

 And there's nothing you really need to do。 It's like， what do I want to do， It's already good。What。

 what could I do， Like， I'm， I， it's already good。 I'm still stuck here 45 minutes。

 What can I do to make at least 45 minutes fucking fun and enjoyable。😊。

And from there is the inspiration behind all my actions。

 Like me in this set is really me gaming myself。 It's me pushing my own buttons。 I'm like。

 I could say this。 I could say that。 I could say this。 It's kind of like you're stuck into deten。

 How can you feel that time。 The actions here， That's just me。 It's like you。

 if you did exactly this。 You would feel very different than me。The same as if you did it。

 It's like what you guys need to harness here is like， look at the vibe。 like。

 look how I feel when I say and do this。And then find out what you can say or do to feel that same way。

 It could be like boom touching your hand a wrist。 and you feel just as good。

Now what's going to get her attracted is not necessarily the touching hand or risk is how you feel when doing that。

But also， keep in mind that some girls may not necessarily be cool with that。 In which case。

 it's not just one thing that makes you feel this way。 It's like， I could do this， this。

 this is this。 I feel good。 Let's find the one where it's like a win win。

 And then you can just switch it up。 But the priority is feeling this way。

 Whatever you guys can do to feel this way。 Yeah，100%。😊，That's game。 It's like cool。

 And that's why it's so hard to learn， too， because you can't put this like， it's not logical。

 It's emotional。 It's like someone told you， like， you gotta feel this way。 It's like， what way。

You know， and that's why people can't really learn。' it's really tough to learn。

 It's like you have to emotionally recognize it。Which you guys see here。

 then you have to kind of experience it with in yourself。

And then you need to find ways to keep experiencing it。 It becomes your default。That's。

 that's the game。And then once you reach that point。All the game really is。 It's a game of logistics。

 You might have heard that。 It's like that vibe there， like at this point， when I go out。All of this。

Is like taken care of pretty much。I don't have to think about it so much because， I mean。

9 and a half years it's just default。 And all I think is， okay， what are the logistics。

 How can I move it there。What's the situation， Okay， win friends， do this， do this。

 Sometimes it's impossible to do logistics， but it's just a game of logistics after a while。Yeah。

 it's pretty fun。 It's pretty fun。But， but yeah， prioritize feeling good。

 And that's why you even break it down in these 10 laws。 It's like whatever you can do to feel good。

 because if you're not feeling good， you can be doing all the perfect techniques。😊。

You're not feeling good。 That'll transform the girl。 She's not gonna feel good。 It's not a win。

 win because when she goes out， her goal is to have an abundance of fun。Okay。Yes。

 you were saying earlier about when you get the foundation。Ton you filled。LikeYeah， thats a problem。

 I wonder how you deal with use。Moivate yourself to stay in set for that long。 you know， you like。

 she likes you and you know， Okay， I like that。 Well， first of all。

 just realize like the absurdity of it all。 Okay， because what is it like。

What's the reasoning behind it？It's your view of yourself is so low。That in your mind。

 like not necessarily consciously， this is all like subconscious beliefs。 And， you， you know。

 most people actually have them， and you have to work out of it。 But subconsciously。

 it's like your view of yourself is so low。That if someone likes you。

 there must be something really wrong with them， or they must be really low， too。

 because no normal person would like someone so low as you。That's that's really the reasoning。

 It's like， oh， she likes me。 What's wrong with her， Why would she like me。Yeah。

 you wanted her like you。 But as soon as she does， you're like， w， that's weird。

 So it's like you're always kind of caught in the middle where it's like， you don't have her。

 no matter what。So kind of realizing the absurdity behind it。And from there。

 also realizing that it is coming from pure taking because that's your main motivation is going up。

 trying to take。 And then once you got it， you're like， well， now what， I got everything。

So it's fully kind of。You have to go through the process of like， you know。

 sobering up from that addiction to validation and getting used to or reicting yourself to like that giving vibe。

 So one challenge I， I make almost every guy do， at least they do a boot camp after the boot camp is go out。

One night， at least， if not more， if this is something you encounter a lot。

 I would even do it more often where do you have a wingman， someone you go out with where you give。

 say，1 thousand00 bucks to your wing and you tell them no numbers， no pulls tonight。No numbers。

 no pulls。 So this is more like general， say， sex outcome， but there's no。

 you basically eliminate everything you can take。You can still get the validation， I guess。

 but you're now stuck there。Where there's nothing to accomplish。You know。

 and you still have to go out。 And then it's like， okay， well， now， what do I want to do。

 no matter what you do， you're not gonna get the girl。

 And now it's no longer doing something to get the girl。

 That motivation will come from a different place。You know。

 and that's kind of what everyone has to discover。 Like when I'm going out， it's not to get the girl。

 It's like what I genuinely want to do。 And we're so conditioned I us looking at the girl。 like。

 what is a girl like， What can I do to get the girl。

 Get the girl that you never really take the time to ask yourself， what do you like。

What can you do to make yourself feel good？And you may encounter that blank， too， where it's like。

 you give the money and you're there， and you're like。I don't know， you know。

 And that should be our realizations。 Like， that's gaming yourself。 Like you need to figure it out。

 And if you don't know， stick it out and do a few more nights like that till it finally kind of clicks in。

 You're like， oh， maybe I could do this。 Maybe I could do that。What else could I do。

 And then that's when you start getting creative， like， what do I find funny？

Apart from the girl's validation， what could I do？You know， another one's also。

Another little one is like you can try。Having genuine fun like interacting with unattractive girls。

Because that， too， if you can't have genuine fun of contract girls， you're taking。

And because there's nothing to take， your mind's like， well， why waste energy， why waste time？

So it's like forcing yourself to do that。 Like， you're not gonna to like it at first。

 or you may be like， oh， I'm doing this to get to the hot girls eventually。 But at some point。

 if you do it long enough， it'll click。And then you'll be kind of。

 that'll be like the joy of like giving， if you will。And it'll help you with the Hawk girls。

 because the reason you have trouble with Hawkg girls， too。

 is that pressure of like labeling them as a hog girl。

Once you have genuine fun with the girls you label is unattractive， that means the labels gone。

That's how you can have a general font。 And once label is gone with the unattractive。

 it also is gone with attractive。 So get rid of it on one side， It it goes off on the other。

So some little technical stuff to do。Yeah， yeah， kind of a subtle question。

If you're very caught up in having fun for the moment， shes being attractive。

But are you ever feeling traction back towards oh okay I was going to say？

It seemed kind of strange like you pick up that your has had fun But Well， I say fun。 think。

 think more how I wrote it here。 I might， I say fun a lot in the way I talk。 Think more， Feel good。😊。

I like， feel good。It's more feel good， like fun， carefree， passion， being attracted， you know。

 anything that feels good， that's your goal。😊，Yeah， so it's not so much necessarily fun。

 Fun's part of it。 But it's like， what would make you feel good。

 That's what you prioritize the way you should even judge like how successful you're doing throughout the night。

 because guyss like， well， how how well am I doing And they look at their interactions。

 Your only criteria is like， how good do you feel If you're continuously feeling better and better and better。

😊，You're on track as long as it's feeling better and involving women。You know， you're on track。

 But yeah， I know， definitely feel traction。 But the difference is， it's like， oh。

 it's cool if she's there。 But if she leaves， there's no longer that dip。

 It's like you're already feel awesome。 What would make you feel better。 Sha now with a girl。

 What would' make both of you feel better sleeping together。😊，You know， kind of writing that there。

Yes， I just walked， I don't know if I missed it， but how do you cultivate that you know。

 like getting yourself in that position where you're really not worried about the outcome， you know。

 like even with the chick， you were really grounded in the video and like shit tests and things like that。

 How do you cultivate staying grounded。I'll give you the ideal and then the practical ideally。

You just kind of realize like。You don't need like you are。 It's like you're enough。

 and then you just get there and you don't give a fuck practically。

Find a way find a way to achieve that outcome you think shell give you without her。

That's how you do it。 It's like， I want her to feel good。

This is why law three is make yourself feel good。How can I feel good without her。

Because if you want her to feel good and you know how to make herself feel good。

 you don't need her to feel good。Now you're in abundance。Does that make sense？It's a head truth。

 Okay， You want the girl to feel good。That's why you're attached to it。 So the assumption is。

 I don't feel good。 I need her to feel good。 If I don't get her， I don't feel good。

So you're coming from scarcity taking。So the question then becomes on a practical level， okay。

 how can I come from abundance so I don't need her to feel good。Make yourself feel good without her。

Once you reach feeling good， there's no longer that need for the girl to feel good because you're already there。

And then you can talk to her coming from abundance。That's why law 3 is like， how can I have fun。

 How can I make myself more carefree， How can I be more excited， passionateate。

 How can I do this to me versus how can I get the girl to give this to me like accepting losing her。

😊，No， it's directing your actions to yourself。Most guys take up to the girls likeTo the girl。

Then her reaction comes back。 It's good。 It's bad。 me， It's to myself， good to myself， good。

 And then that transfers on the girl。Are you constantly asking yourself would this like。

 feel good to say this or at this point， no， because it's just。I mean。

 that's what you should naturally just be doing at all times。 Like。

 you would never really choose something that doesn't feel good。

 but temporarily kind of condition your mind to be like。

 what's next thing to do or if you're in an interaction， What do I do next， What would feel good。

Maybe you can do something。Then you get creative。 Do mean， like feel good isn't like。

 isn't like feels like。Just good。 Anything good。Anything that feels good。

 And notice how it's like the fact that your something Okay， well。

 that there is like the red light that you haven't ever even brought attention to that。 It's like。

 if you don't know it feels good， how do you want to bring the girl in。😊。

What feels good is like that's step one is like， now just keep bringing awareness to what feels good。

There's no logical answer， like， it's this。 It's only this。It's， it's just like a general feeling。

 Just start being more aware of how you feel。 Don't get so obsessed with the girl。 Like。

 is she investing。 Is she qualifying。 What about the girl， What about the girl， What about you。

How do you feel while out， Start bringing some awareness inside。

And then you'll kind of notice sometimes it's tense。 Sometimes there's a no on your stomach。

 sometimes it's stress， worry， torment， judgment。 That doesn't feel good。You know。

 being carefree at ease。 That feels good。 laughinging feels good。 Being passionate feels good。

 Shaing， giving feels good。😊，Anything that just， it just feels good in general。

But just start bringing for you， It's like a lot of attention inside。 And for all you guys， like。

 focus more on you。You know。Don't sacrifice that just to get the girl。 If you sacrifice feeling good。

 she won't feel good either because she feels what you feel。 So it's ultimately like youre yourself。

10%， yeah so。This here is the long set the ideal。 We are gonna crack into some of the late night game。

 though， because that is still part of it。 So throughout the first part， getting phone numbers。

 getting logistics。😊，Part two， midnight 30 hits， time to commit。If the girl you committed to。

 say it fails。Now what。Now， you're in part 3。Now， guys sometimes give up at part 3。

 And this is also a different way of kind of viewing the night。

Most guys view the beginning of the night is more important than the second part。

 The second part is where the game is played。 By the way， there' a little sign notes。 Okay。

 the first part until midnight 30， that's practice。 The game didn't even start。

I'd rather you guys do poorly in the first half than in the second half。

Because nothing will happen in the first half no matter what you do。Okay， guys give up。 It's like。

 oh， you know， second part， I'm tired now。 No， maintain energy。 So you're awake in this second part。

 If you burn out in the fucking first part， that's retarded。Okay， so second part when it played。

 say the committed set goes to ship。 Now you're part 3。 that's when the club's kind of closing。

 People are out on the street。Buying temperature is high。 So that's on your side。

 But people also going home。 Okay， and you don't have enough time now to really spend say 45 minutes talking to a girl because no girl is gonna stand in the fucking street for an hour talking to you。

So you got to think open。 and then either pull or go with。 But you got to go somewhere with the girl。

 And you better know where you're going。 I see a lot of guys do like these opens at the end of the night。

 and they're like， hey， what's。 And the girls's like， oh。

 so the club closed kind of looking for a place to go。 And they're like， oh， so I don't know either。

It's like， have a place to fucking go。Okay， it could be your place。

 It could be going to their place if they're going home， It could be bouncing for food。

 have a place to go。Okay， and realize too， that part three of the nights。

 a lot of your results are going to come from going with the girl。Instead of pulling。

AK walking her home， accompanying her home， go with her。

