# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：2.任务：4.10任务10 4.10 Mission 10【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

🎼爱了多久。Before I laid my eyes I laid my eyes on you off Julia and welcome to mission number 10 your final mission Okay and first of all here congratulations you've made it this far you've made it through nine weeks straight of going out taking action following you know my instructions doing the crazy challenges that I've been giving you posting in the Facebook group holding yourself accountable I mean。

 really props congratulations you have my。My fucking respect， okay， 100%， you know。

 if you made it this far， there's no reason you can't just absolutely crush it at this okay。

 and for this last and final mission， what I thought I'd do， you know。

 is this is kind of me setting you free like fly a little one fly is give you a little bit more。

you know authority over yourself and I'm not going to tell you how many days or how many times you have to go out or for how long that's up to you okay I'm going to give this one to you where you have to come up with your own mission you know it's like go out as much as you feel like going out this week。

I hope the past nine weeks have conditioned you to want to go out a lot to really make this part of your life。

 so it's up to you how many nights days for how long you want to go out this week。

 the one thing that I do require is that you go out and experience at least one night where you really apply all the principles you know in terms of playing the paradoxes。

Loawt number nine where you know you have the first part where you're getting leads， phone numbers。

 you're getting the logistics， try to get like three to five numbers at least at you know second part of the night you're texting all those numbers you have a long set that ideally you blossoms into sex and if not you're calling all your numbers at the end of the night okay try to have one of those experiences where you p all of that all together in one night and otherwise I mean it's really up to you I do want a report though at the end of this week in the Facebook group I want to know。

What kind of mission you've given yourself， what you were inspired to do and that's what I'll leave you with here Okay so for this week try to have that one full night where you're really playing the different parts of the night Part one logistics phone numbers。

 part two longet and texting your phone numbers part three poll or calling phone numbers and then make your own mission post it in the Facebook group you know either daily or at the end of this week I want to know what you've been up to and keep this going Okay。

 you're on your own now。Again， if you've made it this far， there's no reason you can't keep going。

 you can't keep killing it， there are a lot。More epic， you know， adventures， epic experiences。To get。

 I mean， this is just like the you know， the beginning， this is just like the little taste of it。

 so keep going strong and。Congratulations。