# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：1.十戒：戒律6 - 认为双赢Law 6 - Think Win-Win【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Pink when win is asking yourself， what's my goal， What's the girl school， How can I make it win win。

Every time it's not win， win， you get rejected。Huge， okay。

 And this could apply on a general level and on on a macro level and on a micro level。

 on a macro level， it's， you know， no girl wants to feel like a s。

You could be fucking offering value， making yourself feel really good， being real。

 You make her feel like a slut。You will get rejected。You're done。

 You're an obstacle to her goal of not seeming like a slut。 You're done。

 Every time you're in an obstacle， you're done。Okay， another one is。You know， a girl。

 like as we talked about before， a girl in the first part of the night， like when she goes out。

 she wants to have an abundance of fun and maybe sleep with someone at the end of the night is a climax of that emotional buildup。

 not in the beginning。You try to pull her early on， you're an obstacle to her goal。

 you'll get rejected。You try to maintain and keep that interaction going for four hours。

 you'll get rejected。 That's not our goal to talk to one guy for four hours。

You say something that's too far out there that you can't relate to， you're an obstacle。

And this is the most important one。You go up， you offer value。 You make yourself feel good。

 You're real。 throw that shit out there。Look at how she responds。Is it too far out there？

Or is it like too extreme or too boring and calibrate after the fact？Huge because otherwise。

As you said， you'll get a lot of these comments sometimes like， are you drunk， are you on drugs？

You're crazy。All those things are basically signals of slow at the fuck down。

I like to view it as pressure on pressure off。And you kind of just basically look for tenseness or looseness。

 that's what you're looking for。Say something。 I she tensing up。

 and you'll see it usually in the eyes， tensing up in the eyes， looking side to side， nervous laughs。

 steps back。 Anything like that means slow it the fuck down。 You're too far out there。

 You slow it down too much。 She's too loose， bored， not engaged。 And you got to find that sweet spot。

 Yes ri。😊，theres a thing。We too much value。那。So I always like to view it like this。嗯。This is。You。

This is the girl。Anything in this circle？It's congruent to you。 So understand。

 you being real and being congruent and doing something that you genuinely find funnier that makes you feel good isn't just one action。

There are many things you could do when I'm talking to that girl and I'm mentioning， for example。

 the say fuck me on proto。After that， I could talk about the period blood。

 but I could also talk about something else and feel just as good。Basically， anything in this circle。

 I'll feel good。Her， anything in this circle。She's okay with， she'll be able to relate to。

So I'll go up， and I'm always being real to me。 So I'll try something。 I may try this。

And then I'll look at her response。Because this is not in her circle。She's not going to relate。

 she'll probably tense up or get too bored。Then I'll try something else， maybe this。Still not enough。

 It's like keep calibrating switching things up， but still staying in my circle until I hit this sweet spot here。

That's when you got it。This is called， sometimes you'll hit it off the bat， sometimes not。

That's when you calibrate after the fact。And then the more time you spend is a little sign notes。

 the more these two overlap。And the bigger the sweet spot。 However， as we mentioned before。

 some girls。No matter what。You're not meant。To be with them， and there will be zero overlapping。

So I'll try a couple things。And then realize that there's no overlapping， have a great night。

YesYou do more from left field like later in the night？Yeah， I mean， yeah， later in the night。

 it'll be a little different。 And also， the more time you spend。 You know。

 it's like the more comfort like you have， the more togetherness。The bigger the sweet spot。Okay， yes。

This seems like it's a lot more related to what you're saying， not what you're doing。Doing as well。

What if like you're talking to multiple girls and some girls are like slowing down and other girls are like。

 yes， like they're all friends and you're like， what the do I do with all youall game your target？

Okay， win the friends over？We'll get to that with this one here， win the friends over。

 but it's like you should be gaming the fucking target， prioritizing the target。And beyond that。

 you should be able to switch in between the two。You know， it's like， I'm kidding on her。

 but that means I should also hit on the friend。 No You switch the vibe up when you talk to the friend。

Every girl is very different。And you'll just develop a feel for it， just look at any tenseness。

 any type of op， you know and yeah， every girl is unique。

Some they'll be like totally down the extreme thing off the bat。 Some not at all。

But your job is to find that。And you find it how like fucking there's a game what like battleship is at it。

 where you like sink the ship。 That's it。 You try， try， try， bang， and you find the sweet spot。

You know， sometimes off the bat bang， you sink the ship， you got it。ThatThat's game， okay。

 but this is big because if there is no relatability。It's not going to work。

And you have to accept too， that some girls。There is none。Some girls， matter。

 I'll try keep trying and calibrate。 And the only way to make it relatable is to do something that's outside。

Of what's authentic and congruent to me。Faking， manipulating， if you will。Okay。

And this is one of the most important ones， so yeah， if you have a question yeah。

talk about something for。The more general it the bigger， basically the spot and the furil。

So if they're like， yes and no， because it could be so general and boring that it's not fitting her excitement。

Yout know， what， I mean， if it's like in general no。Part filleded overlap overlap。

 could you be like more general in those questions at the beginning and then become more specific when you begin to know for？

The mutual interest？You could， but I'd say just。It doesnn't matter。

 It's like as long as you calibrate after， it's like， it's pretty rip。 Okay， think it this way。

 Don't do anything too far extreme。 I rarely do anything extreme。 Like one thing Ill。

That's a good question。Here's 99% of my opens。 And actually， this brings up a good point。

 90% of the time， I tap tap。If the girl's facing away from me， I tap tap so she looks at me。

If she's walking towards me， I'll see it， and I'll get a feel before I even talk。

So what does that mean， Most guys like the girls say she's facing away， they're like， hey。

And that can immediately like spike up way far out there and she' just like， fuck you dude。However。

 if I wake up tap tapap and she turns， sometimes she'll be like。Or someone's like。

And you can get like， oh， assess， and then you can your first action could be。More relatable。

So try that one。 tap， tap。 usually I'll do a handshake， to。 tapap tap， how' it going， bang。

And then you get a feel， and then you can either。 And you can also see how she shakes your hand。

 Some girls gonna be like hesitant。 Some will be like happy。 Some will squeeze hard。 Some won't。

 Some will hang on for a while。 Some will try to pull away。😊，You can kind of assess it that way。

 but don't let it stifle you either。 You know， it's just like。

 be aware and make sure that you don't compromise what's congruent and authentic to you。

Does anyone have any questions on this one here because this is big， yeah。We can it。

Because you were not relating with her。Or was it because you buy the commission。Overall relating。

 because remember， what's your goal？To have fun It's not to have some leeach you dude。

 if you're not doing any of this， you're not。Going to hit the sweet spot anyway。 However。

 when you do this， you still have to be aware of that。 Otherwise， again。

 you can turn into the drunk guy at the bar， pouring beers over his head。Is he congruent， Yeah。

 iss he making himself feel good， yeah。It's not relatable。 And interaction is always two people。

 It's like， you having your fun， but still always keeping an eye on her。 Are you still part of it。

 Are you still part of it。Slowing down is' like emotional masturbation， you jump in。

If you're going too fast， you're going to have to slow it down sometimes。If you're going too slow。

 you have to go to speed it up， finding that sweet spot where you can both match your speed。Yeah。

indicators of signal。Tense， tense， loose， tense， loose。Just that。 yeah so。Be real thing。

That book right to go honestly how like massively would it affect being real， I be。

Did you agree that be to。It's good， however。Think win， win， being reals too。Like being real。

 you could also be like， well， I'm going to be real and tell about all my fucking baggage。

That is not going to be relatable， and it's not going to be win win。Combine the two。Yeah。

 it's been like socially aware。 It's realizing you're not alone。 And there's two people。

 being aware of the girl and make sure she's part of it。 And you don't go against any of her goals。

 Her goal is not to listen to all your life problems。At least early on in the interaction。Yeah。

It's just like a side question， but having game for so long do you think your circle has like gone out like really big or you really know what you want' just like。

The more you get out of your own way。It is true that。

The more there's relatability is just a cool dude overall。Yeah。So it does expand over time too。

But there's still a lot of girls where。就是呢。You ever feel that you have to like realline your emotional power because I do a lot of money around with people so I'm like fucking out there crazy。

And sometimes that's not relatable or she's just like， whoa。Y， don't think reel it in， think。

 control it。 Think if do you see the blueprint？Owenens Tyler's program。

 he talks about the brush fire versus the hot searing cool。

There's like two there's like usually like the three phases you'll go through guys。

 the stereotype is guy shy， guy you know， holds it all it。Then you realize you can unleash that shit。

 So you're like like over the top。 But then you're too far out there。 So then it's like。

Controlling it instead of being like beaming everywhere like。

Like fucking a lot more subtle and stronger and powerful。

Or another way Brad talks about this is like， don't be the wolf， be the gorilla。

Two ways of being alpha。 The wolves like like barking in your face。 The girl is like， hey。You know。

 there's that book too by David Hawkins， like power versus Force。You're using force， use power。

You know， the same here I could talk， and I'm like very grounded。

 I can reel you in or I can like overdo to try to dominate。So it's like。Being more controlled。

 not holding back， controlling it。And realizing too， it's like。Be careful down， too。

 because you realize you can unleash it。 And then there's also that belief。

If I'm not always doing all this， it's bad。And this is actually a good one， too。

 a good point you brought up。When you see me doing all this shit with the fun and the jokes and stuff。

 I'm doing it because I want to do it Its not because I need to do it。Big。Okay。

 another challenge you guys all want to do at some point is。See how。Quote unquote。

 boring you can get。While still making yourself feel good。

 being real offering value and still get the girl。 What's the minimum to get the girl。

That's the baseline。And then from there。You can app it up and do whatever you want to do because you want to。

 not because you think you need to。 Otherwise， it's a lot of pressure。 If you're like， oh。

 I better be joking around。 And I mean as much fun as Julia I'm like， so fucking carefree。

 It's too much pressure。 Then you're always like the bar is too high。

The reason I'm able to do that is the bar is low for me。

So all the pressures off and then that naturally comes out because I want to。

 not because I think I need to。Does that make sense？Yeah。え这ど。How you我 did。我到。我是没得是。こ。啊可以有啲咩。搞边嘅嚟个范围佢。

我位。The words of matter， Fo on the vibe you're giving。 say， yes， where do you live？

So where do you live， where do you live？I just have fun saying whatever because I'm saying it。

 It's like check me out， check my vibe out， check how awesome I feel check how awesome I am。Again。

 the less youre going get caught up in the surface shit， the better， yeah。You don't how you said it。

Being real， don't want to go too far like the baggage or will be relatable。啊，So问有没有。我。

F that you know I ran out of things to say。点一下就。is that没有看过。No， because it's like small things。

 It's like little spikes。 Yeah， when I'm saying baggage， it's more like， you know。

 I was like abused as a child。 and then this happened。 And my mom left me like all that shit。

 It's like， like being aware of the context。 Yeah， But otherwise， little things like， oh。

 I ran out things to say。It won't affect the bigger picture。

 anything that could affect the bigger picture。And， you know。Some， but at the same time。

 sometimes it may。 sometimes it was like， yeah。Which is also why it's important is a little side note。

 if you say the random out things to say， keep talking after that。 Don't be like。

 I ran out things to say。Try to re feel good and provide that right after。 Yeah， actually。

 one last thing too， I did want to mention with the win win。 This also applies to small scenarios。

 A big 1 I point out a lot here on boot camp is if the girl's walking。

Stop always trying to just stop her。Because guess what， you could be the shit。

 if she's going from point A to point B， sometimes she'll stop。

 but oftentimes she wants to keep going to point B。 You try to keep her there。 You're an obstacle。

 You're done。Walk with her。And keep in mind。That you want to get as far away from the place you open her as possible。

 You don't want to stay where you open her because you're not going to fuck her there。😡。

The further way you get， the better。Okay， so keep that in mind。 and the same with poll。

 which we'll get to， most guys， they just keep trying to pull instead of going with the girl。

 Try to pull， but if not， you become an obstacle very fast if you keep persisting。Okay。Has to be win。

 win。