# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：6.奖金：02.朱利安和泰勒虚拟晚餐 02. Julien & Tyler Virtual Dinner【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

How's it going？You're live filling the audience。Anyone on the other side？How many people？One person。

Who's on the other side， three people yo， if you're listening three people and you have a question。

 this is the time to squeak it in there， so squeak it in。Nine people。Was good， start typing。Sorry。

 you have a question。This is the time before the screen gets bombarded with too many questionss。

 12 people come on， what do you want to know， spit it out， this is a chance， think fast。

 think quickly， come on， think fast。Don't s， don't fuck this up， don't fuck up your chance。

 this is it。Any questions？Com on。Now if you have any questions feel free to post them here the big goal with this virtual dinner which we're walking to right now is mainly just kind of hang out and fuck around you know I wanted to show the more like behind the scenes type of vibe versus the VB delivering information vibe so。

This is kind of a hangout vibe don't be alarmed while we bang midget interns behind while they brew kombucha for us。

 it is behind the scenes， it's not something that we promote in a regular thing but it's from a like it's behind the scenes so and as long as we're having fun that's what matters don't judge is's a great lesson。

Don't fucking judge us， man。V呀。How are you all doing who I'm just curious here。

 who hears on the other side on their computer right now sitting down with their dinner。

 waiting to virtually eat？That's the I would do， I'd be on the other side like my dinner is ready I'm like for seven。

 like here we go， you need a bib， RSD bib。Where are you guys at LA， yep， we're walking on。

Some that want to show？been to LA， there's the rainbow room。This is the west side of sunsets。

We're all the old。Bandans used to play。Okay， so if you want to know this is the part of the Hollywood that like in the 90s was like the shit Gus and roses would be out here。

 all the little hip people if you remember that who's that kid that died outside the Viper room are you about to walk by the viper is the vi room even Silloan I don't even know think so I think it might be further up on the it was river Phoenix there is a kid kidding this kid walking Phoenix' brother yeah is that really walking Phoenix brother you're fucking kidding so think so I might be wrong don't that so this is behind this is where it used to be the shit now weirdly in LA shit just kind it kind of just falls off like different areas of town get better right now Santa Monica is actually getting a little bit better I mean I still take Hollywood over Santa Monica for going out but Santa Monica is definitely improving particularly because easy to get in know if you're in your inner circle for example。

 this used to be popping back during the game period it was more popping but it was the most popping in the90s but it was definitely more popping out way more than is now now it's just like kind。

I don't even know what happened or even how they make money at this point。Yeah。

 I don't remember the last time I came out here on sunset， we're here to eat though。

 that's why we're here。They do have bomb restaurants， and if you ever walk around during in the day。

 it is definitely one of the nicer places of。LA。Which， by the way， where you at Houston， Charlotte？

Houston best restaurant is Rugggles Green if you're from Houston go to Ruggs Greens that's the only place to eat in Houston as far as I'm concerned when I do boot camp in Houston。

 I just go to Rugggles ideally once twice a day and I stuff myself so I don't have to eat anywhere else as my ideal world。

Rugs green。Manchester。New York。New York， you know my favorite late night spots in New York okay。

 theska is really good for late night in New York， look up theska cafeteria。Express Buuchhan。

 like lessspress， like L apostrophe， express Buuchhan。Coellia is decent。And oh。

 little Miss Korean barbecue is also very good。There's a French place I really like in New York。

 it was called。Let's press for Sean， No， it was like a smaller one if it was like a wine bar French place。

 it was palm food like。She's Ju Juliet or something it might have been to Juliet， I don't know。

I have to look it up I forgot the name those places I mentioned are open 24 hours or at least still very late so they're good for extracting that's why we mentioned that。

Gy time， there's like it's like limitless。London， Copenhagen， Dallas， here's the viper room。

 so if you guys want to know where。River Phoenix， you always push it a little too yeah there you go。

 if you want to see where River Phoenix passed away， you want to be morbid and weird。It's right。Here。

At the vi。 So this again， we're in Ba No that's the vibrant there。 so okay。

 so that's like your morbid。Can you see it？You're morbid。Moment。

The days of the 90s when West Hollywood shit， did we pass Bla， by the way？Oh， we long past bow。

 didn't we， so maybe we'll do like claput tea or something。Do来开速。Or set up the seats。

Sushi or something？Or do you want to walk back to Boa， I'm done for cl。Do you prefer that。

 Yeah what not actually。Some we could knock out a steak， but then when we go out today， we're full。

Up to you one of well wait， no， no， sunsetset Towers is both for the work。We are lost。

 we just pretended like we knew Hollywood in sunset I think this is a Viper room video but we're now lost。

We should do it because then we get steaks somewhere we're full for tonight， which， by the way。

 whiskey of Gogo is right there。at least I have a cool video walking through。

So we're going to walk back we're walking back this was actually all intentional it was we're pretending we didn't know Boa was back there but really we did we're humanizing ourselves。

 you know？To make us more attainable， more relatable， you know， we're too high value otherwise。

This is。This is my girlfriend。Com here， baby。阿狗。It's my girlfriend。

He likes to say that a very hairy girlfriend sounds like you've got there She's the new Caitn Jenner。

 her name is Aaron used to be with two A's now it's an E again'll say that E Evie say hello to the people I don't know who Rob this some fan。

Just some fahawk dude。Just some photos guys。He just got back from a night out。

I feel like I can be a PUA now。Good， good， good luck。嗯。

I'd like one of you to come out here for a night。Where do you live？Hi， thiss for you。

 I often feel like I need to impress right off the bats。

 what steps should I be taking to feel more at ease？I mean， look the， I gotn okay。

What you're talking about is self qualification。You're at 19 people， by the way， just so you know。

 okay， so this is a private chat， that's why you have so few people so take advantage with the questions。

 so self quality to the dinner that we're walking to。Very intimate。Okay， here's the deal。Selfqu。

 I want you to think of it like ras。Automating ground where they bash each other in the head。

So selfqu， what it is fundamentally is you are showing low status as soon as you self qualify。

 the girl is like oh boo where a self amusement and just expression at not giving a fuck or even doing things to。

嗯。Disqualify yourself。Like oh you know， I'm the size of a little wet carrot would be an example。

 you know， I'm shy， what are some other disqualifiers you have anything that you like。

 I like the ones I got。I like， I'm shy。I actually use them differently， I say I'm shy。

What it allows her to do， especially if you go in extremely confidently is it allows her to brag for you little side tangent here so when I say like I'm shy to the girl immediately her focus goes on no he's not shy。

 he approached me Yes contrast contrast with you which highlights so I say I'm shy I never talk to girls I'm from a small town you know middle of nowhere。

From North Carolina it's like the midnight train going anywhere， here I am。

 I'm a waiter at Applebee's。I'm， know， very innocent。

I can just go on forever like a whole list like that it's a way of drawing attention to your positive attributes without self-qualifying because it's funny because anyone who tries too hard or anyone who cares too much like they would never be able to laugh at it like being able to laugh at yourself is the ultimate form of just like true confidence and full selfacceptance at least until you go too far and then it becomes a visible gimmick as soon as it becomes a visible gimmick then it's done it no longer works Yeah that's's like if you're actually like like try to joke about stuff you do feel confident about if you're someone for example who's overweight and let's just say that's a big insecurity or you're someone who's short it's a huge insecurity don't be like you know what I'm so short do you see how short I am I'm so fat see how fat I am it's like oh my god。

Then it's bad。Yeah， too much self deprecation， maybe have another question here， pull the girl。

On the toilet last night made out before。Made out in the toilet， but she didn't want to have sex。

 she said something about she doesn't do that anymore。Doesn't open up to guys that quickly。

 it was still fun and was hyped I even tried， okay， well， it's nice。

 thank you opening up quite a lot if she's out on the toilet。Yeah dude。Other questions？

What does out of state game look like？U， it just， it's like there's this weird black energy emanating off of you and everyone runs away。

 but then you just try to game anyway， please come back， I am the hungry ghost from Buddhist stories。

And then they just run away and then you go home and you post a negative field report about how game could never work for you and you've been let down a path of false hope and the world is ending so I mean that's a good question because that probably means you're never out of state if you don't know what it looks like like yeah I'm always in state what does it look like to not be in state？

It's good to point at an optimistic outlook。Yeah。do you do if you go too far with the teasing and she walks away you have a video that you shot in Kau in Nepoly Coast Yeah it's like be aware of like pressure on pressure off。

I mean， that's a big one too， by the way， with rejection。

We tend to think that it's like black and white like a light switch she loves you and then you do one little thing and it's over and that's not true it's like she'll give you many signals before that that you might be teasing a little too much you know and you can usually look for it in terms of tenseness you know it's like。

She could be like really engaged and's like she's like， like tenses up bit like okay， I got it。

 maybe it doesn't laugh as much， you know， might lean back a bit。

 might start looking to the side like then it's like a。Slow it down， you know。

 if you do too much of anything， it always turns into an insecurity teasing can be awesome at first if you do too much of it。

In security the same with。You know， like joking around it's like hey， this guy can't be serious。

 he can't slow down too much of one thing always turns into insecurity and lower value because it's like why can't you just be normal and just talk like like it's like this like weird energy pulling at you to do this one social aspect as opposed to you being yourself as they would say even though that's kind of a vague term but I think you had the idea。

See， how far is Boa， by the way？Adventure。I'm being babystepped and pulled to Boa。Next question。I。

 thank you， thank you。Is transformation mastery live going to be worth it if I buy the online product big differences yeah definitely。

Benefits to both。Online product the cool thing is you own it。

 you can rewatch it as many times as possible you know as you want， you can like really。

 for example take notes on the content there are guided releases you can listen to every day。

 there's broken down examples of people during the live event but at the same time the live event is cool too because you're there in person I take people up on stage。

 I guide you and make you blast through different layers of resistance。

 I customize the content and releases to you， I use the crowd to add some pressure and support I mean。

It's a crazy experience， I mean both are really good， I'd recommend though。

But there's different benefits to teach one its been with the live versus the video at home。

 there's pros and cons to both with whatever program that it is and they're like obviously we're aware that you may do both so we want to make sure that you're happy even if you do both so it's never you know it's not like you just like just get the exact same experience it's gonna be pros and cons so each are excellent you go either way youd be good let's get on your questions though let me get your questions。

Let me see， take advantage， like listen， let let me be very clear， okay？Me and Julian， we do live。

 Instagram live， Facebook live， but there's going to be a lot of people on there。

 this is a small group so you can actually get your question answered so。

Sometimes one question could change your life。Go into your mind right now and ask yourself if I could actually get my question answered right now。

What question would I answer so these strange men through my telephone would give me the answer and then my life would move in a better direction。

 what is it okay？What are your favorite silent openers， I stare and I go？

Just like that kind of in and out， hold the tension and then sometimes I'll kind of like dance them like like dance them like that。

 sometimes I'll turn around and put their hands on my tits and then say and then and like look good it in the ice it's like a backwards thing。

 move her around， make faces those are all very good sidedoomer is revolutionary if you've never done it。

 really takes the pressure off you。Now my favorite one， by the way， she is just this。

Just the wave Okay， so so Jeff， New York here， I seriously need help with one of you guys put for 500 a night is the best I can do who is Jeff。

 we love you， but。Are you meant to， is this the right conferences but I don't understand Jeff how God is Yes like what is this everyone。

 500 a night Jeff？You need to clarify her we're here to help I'm not sure if that's an open is that an open is that what you're doing you go should we try as an opener I seriously need help with one of you guys to put 500 night is the best thing that's what we should have open with tell Yeah is that your're open Okay。

 we could open with that？I need like just walk up to your say， I need 500 bucks。

 just to fuck with her。Julian quickly talk German。Life changing。I don't speak， why no little German。

 I have a French accentut。Spe I put my swine， whats your be my pigs， sideine swine。

 house iss all open。Yeah， I mean， my Germans quite whack。I grew up speaking French and English。

I don't have an accent， but as soon as I speak German， there's a huge French accent that kicks in。

 which is actually fun in Germany because。They always get like confused， they're like， wait a minute。

 hey， we're American， I'm like， nine， fine。Just German， sounds so funny something。In your opinion。

 what are the pros and cons of general friendly game versus more direct high status game？Well。

 I mean， look。For friendly game it's like it works until it doesn't so my default is friendly right so you want to think of it like you go the fastest way from point A to point B is straight line but then if that's not working。

 then you can start teasing or being playful or know pulling the rug out a little bit from under them so you always default to friendly because that's the point A to point B and then from there if it's getting kind of funky or you can even tell going in that that's just not gonna to hook just from your intuition then you go to either different ways okay how to build confidence。

There's different ways confidence come a you live up to societal Sanders， you look good。

 you got a good haircut， a good shirt， you're confident， B。

 you have a lot of money or you have a lot of assets or you have things people want from you build confidence C。

 you've got a lot of friends around you're surrounded by。

Friends and whatnot right so all these things build confidence and the last one is just internal value internal value is you're just confident because you are it's a sense of self worth that comes from within and also you can build confidence in the moment by engaging with people realizing it's okay and getting momentum so that that's your general ways of doing it okay。

And of course accomplishment in life builds general stable confidence dance floor game I think that's a great one for you actually because you're really good at the dance floor I dance all the time I took many salce lessons Oliver。

 how's it going？Dance floor game， basically got have a dance floor game。

I don't dance all the time actually。I never I actually don't remember the last time I really danced。

 which is quite。It that no， I never really danced like with dance floor game open on the dance floor。

 obviously， the best way in my experience is。Walking up and just not dancing but like hey as' it going and you can use it the live music is an excuse to get close to her ear and then the whole goal with the dance floor is bounce her off the dance floor。

 get her somewhere where you can get to work get her somewhere you can talk don't just stay there on the dance floor unless you're someone who just loves to dance but realize that you just dancing with the girl apart from maybe turning her on a bit if you're gonna pull her in the bathroom for example is kind of wasting time it's not accomplishing much so usually on the dance floor I'll talk to a bunch of girls。

 maybe bounce them to the bar like let's grab water。

 get some numbers and then talk to them at the end of the night when they be bouncing。系。What else？

Will transformation mass free help with game fuck yeah big time， it's not a game product。

 but it'll definitely fucking help。For me， I mean， transformation mastery is the shit that changed my life in my game。

It's cool it makes shit if you like how 10 game kind of steered things in a more effortless direction。

 that's what transformation master will do， not just with game but with life in general it's like。

You know， you can finally just relax， it's not on that effort anymore。

 you want you guys get even dump your gear？嗯。Let's go somewhere else because there's yes。

I feel like I don't have any particular question to ask， is that my sticking points？Um， no， I mean。

 for me， honestly， like if I。How to say it if I was on this call。Here's an honest answer。

 if I was on this call， I mean， yeah， I might have like。A couple small questions， but。

My main focus would be focusing on you know the person on the other side me their character like it wouldn't be a specific question would just be kind of taking in the vibe that's really it like this call here I mean this Facebook Live whatever you want to call it is an opportunity for you to just kind of hang out with us you know see what it's like take in the character take in the vibe that's really where the value is at。

And we got a spot at the bar。What are the books that change your life。

 check out my book club on YouTube。Hi， one second。We're at me？still，'s still going， my boy。Yeah。

 perfect。Q。嗯。准备。We be back。There you go。 Phil Julian go back to the old Julian。

 I'd say the Julian is the old Julian。 It's just that it's like a Russian doll one layers into the next。

 You're never really different。 You just have new elements to you。 You have new。

New sides to you that you evolve， but that other side of you is always there it's just that。

You evolved to the next paradigm， but that part of you are always there。

 Z Lincoln still came the exact same as he always could。

That's why I not that big of a challenge anymore， yeah， it's like you lose that。はでし。给哪れ。Yeah。

 going back to that。Be sad， I'd be like reverting back。Marcel， join， how's it going， Marc。

 what's your relationship to coffee and caffeine？I drink coffee。I'd I don't know。

 I'd say for now I still drink it， I mean it is still stimulus you do everything you'd want to stay with no no。

 no no， coffee I got hooked on it in Australia actually。I know it was like I had such bad jet light。

I was like，F you know what， I'm just going to take a coffee and it was right before a free tour and I took it and I was like。

 like wide awake， I'm like this is amazing。So I occasionally still take it but。I don't know。

 it wouldn't be something that Id want to do every day if you drink it every single day。

I'd recommend staying away from it， you won't see anything in the short term but in the long run like I remember to you remember like in our buddy air in this back in the and it's crazy Nepali。

 we went hiking in Hawaii and he didn't have his coffee and you could just see in the morning like he just got so bitter and actually carry out throughout the day too。

🎼It was he was like I need my fix， I need my fix， I was like。

 whoa so be careful you know as soon as you don't forget and you feel a little weird， just cut it。

 Yeah， I've heard mix things about it because I know that green tea has loads of antioxidants they say the coffee does too。

 I don't even know it might be more than green tea might be the aspects lot and yet you don' funny about certain things including like say keffer would be an example where where when you're a kid。

 there's kind of like healthy foods and unhealthy foods whereas as part of being an adult is maybe starting to realize there's foods that have healthy aspects and unhealthy aspects like say something like keffer。

 if you're not if dairy doesn' doesn't。Mix well with you， doesn't mix with your system well。

 then say he for the dairy in it might even though it's fermented might you know add mucus to your system or promote candida I'm not really clear on all this actually but then from there it has the probiotics which might help you so it's kind of funny to think like there's certain foods that have things that help you and mess you up so it kind of depends I don know green tea I can use it before I do a video shoot if I'm tired and that's wonderful but if I use it every day I start to wake up tired until I've had it which I think sucks so。

You know Eric Gverman says if you just take the same amount every day you get acclimated to that same amount。

 but then you get the antioxidants， I think that could be cool。

 that's his view Eric Braverman is a longevity doctor who wrote younger you and other books which are amazing they're really really good so you might want to check them out he recommends hormone replacement which I don't do I don't have any immediate intentions to do that and I don't know if fiberberwood currently I'd say no but maybe that research would change but it's really good antiaging stuff so。

It depends， but he recommend to do it。Just be aware of how you feel。Go from that again。

 just suddenly like there's that little craving， maybe cut it。Marcel。

 you have the real asbles in Brazil， take advantage。

Should you watch no no no Well depends where you go every asble in Brazil not to this Brazil was extremely sugary the best one I've had so far ever in my life is still Hawaii got it you got to give them something for Brazil So Brazil you got to assign in asses I actually have the best sushi in my life in Brazil for some reason better than Japan better than you're not confused of sushi saba No no no it was。

No， actually Brazil， I had the best sushi in my life， forgot the name it was in。Ro， actually。Okay。

 so。Okay， so top three books。And by the way， the thing of the bulletproof coffee okay so I've had the bulletproof coffee ice cream at Er1。

 which is a health food restaurant here in LA they have an ice cream。

 I will get one third of the coffee dose in it that they would normally put and then I'll split it with two or three my friends so I'm getting about 160 amount of bulletproof coffee and I'm like I mean you think I talk a lot now I'm like the world you know until I'm burnt out so。

So it's pretty hardcore and then as far as like top three books， so the question I would ask you is。

🎼And I'm just looking at other questions here biggest epiphanies so far。 Okay so well。

 I was gonna to do books and then we do epiphanies。 So for books。

 you have the books that I recommend to everybody and then you have the books that I would read behind the scenes。

 Now the books that I recommend to everybody would be like David David Way Superor man Ehartoll powered now newer Outla by An ranand awake in the giant within by Tony Robins。

 these are kind of that get you going Stephen Covey something that as highly effective people。

 then you've got the more esoteric books。 Frederick Doawson wrote levels of energy But again。

 you've got to be discerning to read that because a lot of aspects of it I wouldn't agree with at all。

 So youve got to be very discerning the Elilogy by J McKenna is amazing。 But again。

 if you take that the wrong way， you're gonna like kill yourself。

 And I'm not kidding when I say that So you've got to be very discerning。 books like Hannibal and me。

 I love Hannibal and me I don't know if that's like the first book I' recommend someone something more in the middle would be like mastery by Robert Green or Hannibal and me is amazing。

 I love Hannibal and me Hannibal and me。Similar to a Robert Green book called Hannibal and Meat。

Really like that one， but against a bit more handsome， maybe more in the middle would be。

On the War of arts and turninging pro by Stephen Presfield。

And then you've got whatever books are' kind of coming up at the moment that help you， you know。

 scaling up for scaling a business I've been studying that a lot。

 it just depends on what you're trying to do in particular， you know't prim a blueprint by Marx。

 you know if you're getarian maybe do the China study it just whatever suits your interest you't matter from Arizonaz from Venus if you're being too much of a pimp and you're not getting along with your girlfriend maybe pimp by iceberry S if you're not piimp enough it just depends know what you're reading Mitro epipiphanienes I'd say for this year it's not so much what you do iss what you don't do just be cool don't act like an idiot like selfquing。

 desperate meaty， try hard a lot of time girls do with you just for that。

Bgest epiphany in general is approach a lot which most guys don't do open a lot and close a lot。

 open a lot and close a lot in other words open open open open and then of the ones who do well convert them to close I think most people don't open enough and then those who do aren't craft enough in their clothes and don't parlay those into closes or give up to it's like if you look in your phone right now can guarantee you there's a ton of numbers you didn't follow up on you tried one text and this something I say all the time by the way expect the first suggestion of a meetup to fail like people are busy don't expect every girl like what are you doing today for her to be like let's do it you know expect to be like I'm busy and keep on fucking trying。

🎼Yeahang。Jay Christianna Mercy School。She probably studying more。

 but it' cool you stick with one instructor or try to learn from everyone only me。

And then you have to say only me， only me， only never listen to anyone else。Only one。U no， with that。

 by the way， just watch the latest video I put out what we put out on the Julian himself channel on creating a council。

嗯m。How do you stop being in a daytime show look， here's the thing with daytime Okay。

 I've got a great explanation for you've for the daytime okay so。In a business。

 you want to have lead generation， lead conversion， and lead retention， lead generation。

 lead conversion lead retention。And now to generate leads。

 you've got to get out there and do outreach。🎼Now you want to be hitting up qualified leads So for example。

 if I do say a mainstream interview， I probably get very few leads from that。

 but if I did say Elliot Holls or Ty Lopez I tend to get a lot of leads from that because they're qualified leads What a nightclub is it's an environment where they're bringing in qualified leads of girls for you to meet now they're gonna be getting hit up by guys and whatnot。

 but it is very qualified leads girls that are going to clubs tend to be open to talking。

 meeting people some are not， but many are so you want to think of like the club they're creating this highs venue where girls can get free drink from guys where girls are getting ushers through the v Velvet robes and getting treated like little prissy princesses to get those really hot women there so if I'm here in LA yeah。

 I can go out to the grove， I can go to Thirdry promenade I can do day game and it's great and you should know how to do it and that's why we promote day。

 It's phenomenal and learn it at the same time you don't want to be ignoring large beds of qualified leads。

🎼Otherwise， it'd be like， you know if Elliot Hol says to me or to say Tony Robbins says to you do you want to email out to my email list and you're saying no that's madness so the club is handling the leadss for you yes they're being hit up a lot' be like if your're emailing into Tony Robins list and Tony Robins is getting hit up a lot but it's still qualified lead so you gotta take advantage of nighttime there's a comment I heard Naolellon Hill say the only I'll ever read need to read was his I stop reading him then and there mate learn discernment discernment that's your stick point it's fine S over that if you don't agree with that skip over but guess what that book is a huge fucking classic and I can guarantee you you will find nuggets in there just because you don't agree with one thing doesn't mean just cut it off completely Dis sort through the bullshit Yeah or what is he trying to say。

 I mean there's probably some why did he say if you could answer on here why did he say to only read his book because I think that's quite stunning that's basically saying to be in litter is So was there a larger contact。

不しいだ。You always get called a player or have girls talk shit about me when we hook up。

 I'm terrible getting into relationships I feel like I have a abundances of lay but relationships not so much I would say that like。

You have attraction and then you have trust so the girl has to feel that you're really engaging with her and indoors so you've got to learn how to qualify her properly Also sometimes I found like in my experience I don't know if you found this but my game was like intermediate I get called player lot whereas once you get to this like ultra high level like I don't make like Jared Derek Jeter when before he was engaged or' married or like Leo de Cari're getting called a player I think when you're the highest level they just don't even go there with you they're not even going risk pissing you off but then again maybe they do I don't know but that's just like my experience was it went down So what was first new they're like you're a player whereas now they just kind of roll it it sort of just accepted I don't know what you get though well I think you have the player thing too is when you come off as a little too try hard or gimmicky like they can't see the person beneath it so it's I can't player。

So ideally。Add some more authenticity to your interactions， try slowing it down。

 try switching things up。Cyirrus， please respond。Are you going a game forever I mean。

 how do you take that socialized meet people， yes， of course。

You don't need to make this big distinction。You'll always want to keep engaging with people and learning social dynamics Game itself is just a word from the Neils Str of the game。

 it's meant to be relatable， but in fact the word we use it because it's relatable to a wide audience。

 but you know you could argue that the word game itself is actually a loaded word with loaded negative connotations。

 but we don't know you need to be so like highb that we can't just use the word。So the word's fine。

 but it has a connotation that it's like a manipulation or you' gaming as opposed to just it's being you and engaging with people。

So。Just keep that in mind。When I approach her， they stop at first and she rejects me。

 I have a boyfriend or something I always try applying， I think dude try just like being polite。

Just try approaching an a polite manner， you shouldn't not just be getting hammered like that。

You guys look very similar， it's true， you know， what， we look exactly the same。

 but I just diverge your certain。Subtttleties that just。Trew me off。

 maybe you're trying to say instinctively， I trust my intuition more than historical people sometimes cool。

Goodit of both， bit of both。Is Transform Mastery live coming to London this year， no？

Speak to your government how to hang out with people that like to get drunk are these toxic friends that's how you look at it what's your relationship to alcohol like for me it's fine I'm not going be like oh I can't take it anymore right if you're doing that then get away from it just how phone to make them feel unjudged。

Do you use a lot of attraction， yes， but we're not like ignoring hard work for the law of attraction。

 it absurd。Julie， can you please comment on being？Because of the new product。

 how can you just be happy without skill？Xing。嗯。Okay， basically。

I think they didn't compare it to the certain way， let me answer this one。Okay。

 Julie can please comment on being because of your new product。

 how can you just be happy without skill as an example。

 how can you be a surgeon without working on your skill you can't compare being a surgeon with just being。

 you know， it's like happiness or abundance or whatever you want to call it。

doesnn't have to depend on anything， It shouldn't depend on anything。

 a surgeon is different surgeon is a skill happy， you don't need a skill to be happy。

 you don't need to do anything to be happy。 Why do you need to meet certain conditions to be happy。

You can't compare the two。If that makes sense。Happiness isn't a skill。What else， what else？

How do you game till 3 am， but you solve a nine to five job， don't game till 3 am。You know。

 game early on， like go home early or go out later。Nap it after work。And。

Go out like 12 to3 or one to three。Being good with girls。

 same thing you can't really compare it like yeah， there's a skill set when it comes to picking up girls。

 but you being confident you being attractive， that's not a skill， that's you being a dude。

You can't compare it。What are your goals for the next year？

Well my big goal now is launching transformationation mastery， that really。Lays down。I mean。

 my whole philosophy， I' really say， like my whole philosophy is laid down in transformation mastery。

The program。That took the longest to create， like two years just nonstop working on this。

 like even while launching 10 game。I've already had the ideas of transformation mastery。

A bunch of them even came through in1 game。嗯。So I want to get that out。

 I want to get the live events out beyond that I also want to start doing Skype coaching。

 but it'll only be available to people who go through transformation mastery so they know。

The fundamentals， they know the philosophy and then probably end of this year。Release。

I'd say a cheaper product， but mainly that's for like reach with building a list like to cover Facebook ads。

 YouTube ads， so on and so forth。对呀。Are you sometimes in such a bad mood that you feel ugly unworthy and disgusting whereas most of the time you're happy with yourself as you are yeah I'm in a bad mood at times of course again this is not about。

Like。The key here， by the way， in this kind of links into transformation mastery。

 it's not about always being happy or always being positive because trying to always be happier or positive is escaping not being happier or positive。

 The key is to fix your foundation beneath it all So you don't get carried away by the ups and downs。

 You still have emotions。 They just don't affect you don't get carried away by them So yeah。

 I still have a bad mood but it doesn't spiral out of control as much as it used to But the key here is when you do get in a bad mood don't beat yourself up and don't feel even worse about yourself because you're in a bad mood because that's how it starts。

 you're in a bad mood and then you're like stupid I'm in a bad mood。

 dump fucking idiot and it just goes down。Be okay with being in a bad mood。

Let it run its core Yeah Ehart will call that putting space around it so first thing is acceptance and that puts space around the mood so it doesn't start going into a feeding frenzy of low vibration energy。

The reason you get a pain body attack when someone has a comment you don't agree with。

Is because your ego is invested in your。Opinion as your sense of self。

 so an upcoming video with Julie and I on Hollywood， we I'm wearing an orange dress shirt。

 what were you wearing that video？UWas it like a je jacket maybe yeah I think it was and I'm wearing like an orange bike and a Coke tshirt yeah so that's coming out and do you know what the title's going to be yet because that's going break that down in detail like for like an hour Yeah I don't know the title yet。

 but it'll be out this Monday。Making fun of yourself。

 your question Jasper is really key because otherwise people you can make fun of yourself or people will make fun of you for you so you can have fun with it and be part of it or you can be in a collaborative frame or in a competitive frame and then just hide it people who can't make fun of themselves。

It's really bad that's why if you watch this new Saturday Live ski with Sean Spicer he can' make fun of himself so he just massive a target for Saturday Night Live and they are just roasting him it's incredibly funny you seen Sean Sper there's a woman making fun of Donald Schz McCarthy yeah very。

 very very， very funny because he takes himself too seriously as soon as I saw him doing that I was like oh man this guy's gonna get mocked into the ground it's almost like there's an energy around yourself and if you can't loosen up and make fun of yourself other people will handle it for you and it' like it's like open season so you got to do it for yourself。

Uing techniques such as pushbu and disqualifications and begin our immediate versus free flowing just making yourself feel good。

 I think I go either way play with it just see what results you get some people use pushbu and disqualifiers and you're new and it comes across so whack and so wrong just try alerting just general politeness and relating at first for other people it can sometimes jumpstart interactions and allow them to hang in there longer so just try to detect which one you are through experimentation over a week or two that you'll know。

How to not run out of things say， look up my videos on that， there's many on my channel。

 the most popular video I have on our Ttter channel is not how to run out things to say。

I could answer， but it's just flesh out there in detail。Make sense there's ego there。

 I seem to have unknowingly got these traits from my parents， always wanted to be right。

 work convering I dude。You feel like you'll be kicked out the tribe if you're wrong。

 so it gets you cortisol。Learn to accept yourself without that watch a video How do you display more masculine energy。

 feel more masculine and not It's coming from a space where your awareness rests within the void within as opposed to your environment so women are the recipients they're yielding like as you fuck them whereas men are giving so you want to be within the void if you're always。

Within your environment it makes you more feminine game just about wanting anywhere beer sex Yes the only purpose in anything that we teach ever is just this continual stream of ego gratification where you just all that you did is just stimulus and ego gratification it's no deeper than that it's just like stuffing your face into a pizza and a cake。

 no deeper nothing else to see here folks that's it that's all we learned in our 25 years of combined experience in this just stimulate ego stimulate ego that's all we got out of this nothing nothing else because we're just rets because the world's filled with idiots and we're idiots。

Oh that's cool， give a little smiley pop yeah give us a smile for that one。

 give us a little smiley pop up。Eating pizza right how often do you feel like you're existing in a state of complete presence completely without say to yourself I don't know like 10 20% of the time if that it' but it's just you're having peak experiences when you're fully engaged or not it's different levels of it。

President Zeortto describes it as acceptance。Excitement and enthusiasm。

 so it depends what level you're at。Get it， I just want to say all the time。All the time。

 David Roman， thank you and don't worry about it， it'll all work out perfectly I'm starting a project。

Where I will help people who are struggling with learning and studying， I have skills do so。

 I've experienced with the topic with the problems I don't feel very confident talking in public。

 I feel scary and because that the delivery sounds good， do a lot of public speaking man， a lot。

A lot of public speaking if you're going to make videos practice talking in a camera just about anything like oh here at a restaurant。

 oh， zipper， like give a 10 minute speech on a fucking zipper just like，Repetition， repetition。

 repetition， and remember too that although the delivery helps a lot。

 it's really about your message and the content， just focus on that。

Is it a good message you believe in the message？And if it is and it connects with people。

 they will give you a pass on a delivery and come a frame of sharing you're there to share and help if you do that it's really good like if I'm speaking to you now and I'm just there to share and help you my energy is expensiveansive if I'm like how do I look on this camera then my energy becomes contracted？

UhJeff Eco， do you still have off nights well， you know， sometimes man。

 you just you need like 500 bucks， you don't have it and shit is a bad dude like。う。You all right。

You got to roll the punches。Will you do will you guys do a day game， what does that question mean？

A day game Well you do a day game boot camp well if you can to Miami we do a lot of the programming in the mall in the day because there's a lot of girls there it's just about volume it's not like day game or night game it's just is there enough volume to keep the students happy Student if you just take them around someplace where it's very sparse they maybe become unhappy because they don't have enough people to go socialize with So we do like that。

And that limits us final questions we're going to be logging off at a moment。You have us right here。

Just suck。Your big。Throbbing。Rain。And we will answer your questions When are you guys gonna do a hotse in Free Detroit。

 Detroit Okay a deal with that is any city if it's a city that's not gonna stack up for us， help us。

 we would love to come you want to get you will get me out in Detroit for sure if you get involved in inner circle and get a hots seat crowd together get some people coming。

 you handle maybe half we handle half we' come smaller cities we do it but the reason we don't you should put them on the schedules so they don't fill in the smaller cities they'll get some students but not have to cover airfa flightlight hotel so we just do' need your help they're happy to do it otherwise we just do the major cities we normally do in this stackco。

Final。Quion。Are you going upload this video to the group I believe the answer is yes and I moving to LA in two weeks' hottest first place to go maybe you just start off in Santa Monica both Santa Monica Boulard and Santaica just real fast he says no inner circle in Detroit there is an inner circle in Ann Arbor join that one Yeah or start like it's like yeah start take initiative it's game you're a gamer start。

Uh， and then in saying touch with your baby， maybe we'll raple this okay， Detroit， Detroit， I don't。

Okay， that's the best part of this thing Jeff， we do， want before we log off。

 we are supportive of your quest for the 500 bucks。okay， we believe in you to get the powder。

That made my night。Thank you so in terms of saying this we'll wrapapp with this one， okay。

 so in terms of staying in touch with your being， being grounded and and saying positive。

 how do you handle？UNegative people in your life， especially someone close like family or people who are trying to bring you down when you're building your business now all ra of this and you could wrap it is。

🎼They say Ehartll says if you ever want to test if you're enlighten or not spend the weekend with your family so any other thoughts that will wrapping up and thank you guys so much for being here and for being a part of this private webinar we really appreciated the cool thing with this is you get to ask in a smaller group setting specific to Julia's program so that was what's cool about this we do live webinars but this is nice to do a very small intimate one year so thank you for supporting Julian's program and that's why it's cool to answer your question specifically and maybe you could wrap up the question I just want to say thank you you wrap the question and we're going grab a bite。

Yeah， no， thanks so much and just to quickly add a couple things on that。Yeah， as you said。

Hanging out with your family will always trigger shit inside of you so it's a great opportunity to dive into that and let go of it And beyond that。

 I mean， if people are trying to bring you down realize that has nothing necessarily to do with you but everything to do with them and be more empathetic towards them because what you're really doing is like say you're building a business here you're shining this spotlight on their shortcomings you know like if they're maybe they want to build a bit is their little piss like that's probably why they're trying to bring you down。

That's their issue， you know， it's like you're shoving it in their face that you're steppinging it up and they aren't the same with someone who's like again trying to be confident you're shoving in the face of your friends who don't work on themselves that they are not confident so be empathetic。

 don't get pissed off and then just limit maybe your time spend with them or only spend time with them in certain contexts。

Yeah。All right， any last， last， last， last one。B way to know we master 10 game。

 the best way to know is when you don't ask a question like that when you stop asking。

So I'll wrap it here， thanks so much for supporting the program。

 saying thanks so much for attending this， I hope you enjoyed the intimate setting and also kind of see the vibe behind the scenes you know this is us literally just hanging out grabbing a bite。

And yeah， I'll post this。In the program。Just trying to see if there's any last ones。

1en game is the first part。IBut。1en game was my start， fuck yeah。就。All right。

 on that note getting head out， thank you so much， go kill it tonight。And yeah。

 I'll see you in the group。Rewatch the video， it'll be uploaded soon。And。Paイ死。Nice guys。

