# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：2.任务：4.8任务8 4.8 Mission 8【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

🎼Before I laid my eyes laid my eyes on This is Julian and welcome to mission number 8。

 Now this one here。 we're still going out every single day。

 So that means for the next seven days straight。 You're going out for 20 to 30 minutes minimum daily but don't worry this is the last stretch you'll be able to slow down a little more to go and to be honest here this。

 we've done seven weeks of。 is eighth。 it shouldn't be that hard going out every should not that big of a deal should much be desensitized to it。

 should be chill so that's the first thing for the next seven days。

20 to 30 minutes every single day and I mentioned this in the last mission video。

 we're gonna work on merging sets so in last one did the mass。Challenge for this one here。

 I want you to do a series of merging of five sets minimum。 Okay， so what does this mean， Okay。

 merging sets is basically introducing two groups of people to each other， two girls to each other。

 two people who don't know each other。 just say to each other。 Okay， and I do this a lot。

 especially in the first part of the night when getting myself into a very social mood。 Okay。

 so I'll go out， and this is what I want you to basically do this week。 open a girl。 how's it going。

 And now instead of just being stuck on this one girl and then end your interaction。

 go to the next girl and your interaction， you're gonna go pretty much like Tarzan branch to branch girl to girl。

 So I'm talking to the first girl。 How's it going blah， b， b， Hey， come， my friends。

And then I'm going to go with her and open the next set。Okay。

 and I'm going introduce them to each other。 Then when I'm in the next set。

 I can either stay with her。Or just fully focus on the next set or go back to her。

 But the mission here is you cannot open another girl without the previous girl in hand。

And try to do this for five sets minimum。Okay， so how's it going to the first goal。 Hey。

 come my friends。 boom， hey， this is open the next set。 Then take your girl from that set。

 go to the next one。 Hey， come meet my friends on and so forth。5 sets。 Okay， if you get up to3。

 and then it just somewhat ends and you let youre left to know girls start back to ground 0 and try to get those five girls。

5 branches。 Okay， now with merg sets， you can make it fun as well。 You can be like， hey。

 come me my girlfriend。 This is my girlfriend。 Okay。

 it really doesn't matter as long as it's part of the fun。 be sure to keep leading。 Okay。

 big mistake I see you guys make when merg sets as they're like， hey， come my friend。😊。

And they opened the other girl， Hey， me， my friend。 And you're always gonna get like， you know。

 this look where it's like， what's， what's happening And like， do， do we know each other。

 And if you're just like。Hey meet each other。 And then you just shut the fuck up。

 It's gonna fizzle out。 So be sure to lead with a smile。 like， hey， me， my friend， shake her hand。

 Yeah， this is Susie。 yeah， this is like shake her hand。

 leading with a smile tell them what to do when I merge sets， I'm pretty much coaching boot camp。

 Im like hey， I contact shake her hand eye contact like that and I'll make it ridiculous。

 I'll like do little role plays like hey no this is Susie I was telling you about she's the waitress like just random shit to make it and understand too that it doesn't matter if it doesn't really stick。

 it's like you don't expect them to spend the next fucking 30 minutes talking to each other。

 sometimes they'll just say hi， it'll fizzle out。 and then you have to choose are you gonna stick on the first girl or jump to the next and even if it does fizz out。

 can always just bounce in between the two sets。 and don't oversell it either。

 just think leading with a smile。 plus it's not a big deal。 if you're like， hey， so meet my friends。

 It's like this huge。Deal they' be like with the fuck， What's the catch。 You would not overdo it。

 You know， if it was just meeting your friends。 Okay， realize it's not a big fucking deal。 Hey。

 can be my friends。Comees just right over here， you know。

 and even if she won't say go meet the friends， what you can do is just walk to the next set。

 tap tap her， hey， come meet my friends and then introduce her to the first girl。 Okay。

 but I want you to start being the introducer and I want five introductions in a row minimum。Okay。

 so that's the second thing for this week。 N3， I want you to practice moving girls around。

 And this kind of goes hand in hand with merging sets。 you know， okay， come me， my friends。

 like move the girl。 A lot of guys have trouble doing this。 So I want you to do it when merging。

 But I also want you to do it with three girls moving them outside of the bar or club。 Okay。

 is you're gonna have to go out at night this week， at least you know， one of the nights。

 And it's basically walking them out of the club。 That's your mission。

 I want you to walk three girls out of the club。 Now with this， okay。

 that doesn't mean you have to like pull them morning anything thing。

 I just want you to get some reference moving them out of the club。 you can say whatever you want。

 You can be like， hey， my friends in front， Come， my friend。You can say， hey。

 let's go for some fresh air。 You can say， hey， you can literally say， hey。

 can you just walk me out in front。 And then we can walk back in It's just a little fucking challenge。

 Okay， whatever the fucking takes， try walking three girls out of the bar or club。

 and when doing this too， Okay， remember baby stepping and remember how much compliance you're asking for。

 If you're just like， say the girls sitting down， Hey， walk out of the club， you're asking for a lot。

 But if you're like， hey， shake my hand， you know， stand up one second。 You know。

 can I see something， Hey， just take a step over here。 take another step， take another step。 Oh。

 let's go grab some water。 Oh， let's go for some fresh air。 like baby step it。

 your chances of success at this will be much higher。 Okay， you'll be surprised。

 Like just doing this， like shaking the girl's hand first before be like， and don't rush it。

 It'll be like out of the club be like， hey， how's it going， you know， just come one sec。

 come one sec， if you just do that， Hey how's it going， shake hand， Come on sec come sec， come sec。

 come one sec， you literally almost。You know， pretty much walk into the fucking door， okay。

 as long as there's a fucking smile， so that's the third thing Okay。

 walk three girls out of the bar or club or venue。And number 4。This is the last one。

 It's getting over any superficial insecurities。 So this one here on one of the days what I want you to do is you know pick your most embarrassing set of clothes or it might be like some old clothes you have just don't want to wear whatever you really feel insecure wearing or whatever way you're makes you feel kind of insecure like oh shit I'll stand out people will mock me I don't feel comfortable wearing this don't do your hair at all。

 it's like if you're a person who uses hair gel or hairysp。

 you're not allowed to use it if you're person who doesn't。

 then you have to use a lot of it but I want you to basically hit on all those superficial look insecurities so wear clothes that's embarrassing where your hair in a way that's kind of embarrassing or then you're not accustomed to doing that kind of gets you in your head and go out and game that way there。

 and you'll realize it doesn't matter at all and just one of those little challenges to kind of get over those dumb little insecurities that after。

just like， oh， it just never was a big deal in the first place。 Okay。

 so to recap next seven days straight for 20 to 3 minutes， minimum every single day。 number two。

 merging sets。 Okay， I want five merges in a row。 If you fail， start over ground zero。

 but try to get five in a row。 Numb three， Walk three girls out of the venue and number four。

 one of the days dress in an embarrassing way and get over those insecurities。 Good luck。

