# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战10-深夜拉（壮举）。（布拉德） Infield 10 - Late Night Pull (Feat. Brad)【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

We're going to crack into late night polls， first one here。Okay。

 this will kind of build on that self amusement and。Okay， so this ones with Brad。

 Then you'll see the next one， it's。First one's with Brad。 next one's with Owen。 But basically。

 what you'll see here is。We tend to think， okay， late night polls。Crazy times。 Okay， In a reality。

 the later you get in the night， the more you tone down the crazy。Interesting。Okay。It's， it's true。

 It's like we tend to think， okay， the night's a buildup。 Yeah， it is。

 But it's like the girls will be more open to kind of like fun or crazier in the beginning。

 like first part of the night than the second。 The second it's like， okay， we had our fun。

 Let's look at a little serious。 Like have that long 45 minute set。 Then end of the night。

 All kind of crazy on the street。 It's better to instead of being like， like that。 Just be like， hey。

 how's it going。 and just kind of go with the flow。 That's how like， go with her。

 You're gonna get a lot more planned bees going with the girl at the end of the night。😊，Okay。

 and another reason is you don't have to do that much because the bind temperature is already high。

You just have to be there。Okay， so here's an example。 me and Brad end of the night。

 as you'll see who you're asking his type of humor， kind of like full retard humor。 And yeah。

 you'll see me pull this girl like kind of play through it And just notice。

 like I'm not really doing that much。 It's a lot of it high bind temperature at the end of the night。

 just not doing anything wrong， providing more value than taking， moving things forward。 That's it。

 I have a disease。 I have a。 That's like his things like like yelling。 I have a disease like that。

 And then his version of acting as if he has a disease is to like act super weird and jody。 Like。

 like you'll see him walking this girl like weird。 I have a disease。😊，Right。Oh we got。Yeah。Yeah。

I just wallowing over， follow。他。Crazy one。Yeah。It's got to be over by now time。

 like you see it some time。🎼I'm having the worst night of my life。 lost。 Oh my。 I lost。

 we are no longer friends。 It like I'm having the worst night of my life。

 And what I like about this one is。It is。 we， we genuinely find this funny。

 but it's so awkward at the same time。 It's like the awkwardness is what makes us feel good。😊，Okay。

 and it kind of goes against every norm that you would expect and pick up。 It's like。

 don't be awkward。 But if you're awkward and you find it good， funny， it makes you feel good。

 It's good。 Okay， so it's like， moving the worst sign of my life in't mind。 We're like。😊。

We are friends at the side of the island。But。But yeah， it's like super awkward。

What what do you think about guy Oh great I want that's why I'm standing X this car。

I think he wants you to get there。I'll give you a if get I actually will give you a though I'' You should snapcha me in front of car get。

I will get it really I'm a fragile figure。Where are you from Northern New Jersey？I'm really sure。

A littleIt's like a small town， a little， it's like Hampton， Sal Hampton， out to Hampton， Hampton。

 where are you from？It's like really north。The market。Have you been to the store？same way。So wait。

 what do you do Fash PR？🎼that intern economic， though， are you intern we do public speaking actually。

 that'。Yeah。So Alman， we're in southern D。We're in a self development， self development。

 like like the weird look。s like personal development。 we help people。

 We don't look like public speakers。 I that saying。 Yeah， what's wrong with us。 Why you gotta hate。😊。

Do we not that。To young。How do you think we are right now true， how do you think we are？

Don't throw away your premiers on the wrong guy， I'm old， I'm 37。I'm 49。

 I wear oil la every day put that shit on。 Thank you。H antioxidant check this out。

The jawline of a boxer。Chhiselelleed by the gods。Let's two of you works out。feel it。

If my heart are we be this one， its like so awkward。

 like what the fuck look at this I can make it sexy。That's significant this year。Yeah。对。Exly。

Let's it。come on it's fine， it's fine good， it's good。I that's been it's been my。

 I cleaned up all the disease in my mouth。Do it， okay， do it。And then like Brad's going for it。

But like think of it this this is the girl's reality。 It's like， who the fuck are these two dudes。

's just like rolling up like how we I having the worst night of our lives， Look。

 suck on the finger and shit。 And then we pull her in。 and then it's like， do it。 come closer。

Comos I won't do the finger， just hug me up。Have you ever hugged two men at once。

 have you ever hugged two men at once， then Brad's like we share everything， we share everything。

It's like， who the fuck are these dudes， But we find it funny。 It makes us feel good。 It's congruent。

 It's us check this out。 We're not taking anything。 She could take it or leave it。

 We'd feel fucking awesome either way。 She gets sucked in。😊。

Have you at a balloonlogna sandwich and ask yourself why can't be balloonlog Look at you little kid everything everything We're looking for the ultimate experience're just saya whoare preuous' just you've never met real。

re young to the boys。 back to the little18。Wait， I'm 22。 Why would I like。

You're batting way outside your league right now。There you are。Are you intimidated？

If you're you say it's great， are you wondering if you like you or not？You seemed very。

I think you'reThey're harmlessly gay。Youre bro cock a little here cock cock ignore。

We should have a look closer it。Ohは。Okay， you're a little too stiff。You。We' it's like full retard。

 like what can we do that's so dumb， we go and say we're fish， it's like do the fish fish。

You're doing you're doing， you're just set up， you got to be like front back like you're wiggling on the floor。

Fish， fish leaving on the floor。This guy's not moving。I'm a ballet dancert big enough。

I hide him he have legs。He doesn have help。Yes， little too big legs and those little lung I hide them at the big。

 I've hide them， but I can go like really skinny like an elf。医点さ。

Your lot tall us shorter than that No I'm actually。you know if you're like four nine。

 you're considered a midget seven my mom's taller than you。

Just say that's rude started out there you took that too far too far hold on。

 he can joke about that and you cant。You're a little too cocky for a 22 year old。Very modestNo。

 you're not。No， no， put it up like that。为这家是系卖。I know I like this。Me too。Size doesn't matter。

 a lot of girls are like say it's like sitting on a chewing gum。

🎼I also hear like during sex and of like， oh yeah baby like my girlfriend I was just like baby your hands。

 I can't anything your hands。 I'm like all my sex is always like like that And I'm usually just a three pump guy。

 like And then it's just a drop。 I don't if it's just me it's like。😊，It's true。Cock block。

 cock cock cock cock sorry sorry is sorry I just feel like we know each other you massive。

 didn't like that He just brings out cock springs out He's gonna go cry in the corner No he's probably gonna come back know him know he's though he's actually my dad。

He's like too sad and shit now。Can you just say like point coin point and'm a little piggy？我不有。

At first of the fish， now that beauty seriously， it's fun， fun。And here's my snap。おちろ。

Can you say else say the dirt road is long？And I'm here because of Jesus。

 you should come for check this out by the way my tattoo。Oh yeah， mine too。Now， okay， again。

 keep that awkward vibe going。 Another thing to be aware of， too is。The same is， you know。

 the girl's like focused on the emotional air。 She's getting attracted by the emotional air。

 the vibe， The same in terms of say comfort。 You know。

 it's like a girl gets to know you not logically by your resume exchange。

 but how she feels about you in the bond that you create emotionally。

It's the more time you spend together， the more environments you're in together。

 the more topics you cover together， the more emotions you go through。 That's what creates comforts。

 here， Loly， does she know anything about us。New， but there's a lot more comfort than before。

Comfort isn't you switching your discussion to O。 Now， let's get to a resume exchange。

 Who are you exactly， What about your family tree or lineage。 It's not about that。

 It's about the vibe。 The same as here。 us。 we have more comfort together now as a group than when we started this event。

Not as sick as we know more about each other。 We' just been through a lot more together。 No， no。

 no here。 my real tattoo。 American art， real tattoo it's。

That's walk with me over here to the corner you find。Com不たす。Come。I dontWe must find。

The old guy here you just cock lot。Unbelievable。あ对。谢常。谁 I love边。We're going for food， No。

 we're not going for。We are。Adventure。So wait， what's your name？Yes， actually。

Would you like to see my ID My name is O Oswald。What do you think my name is？Jian you guys。

It's a guys。Have you ever talked to a guy just is tall and beautiful and so outside your leave？

Really， have you ever had a boyfriend？Are your parents divorced are your parents divorced No。

Do you like New York？I hate it。W。Because I can。Do you know have any good diners now？I'm never。

I eat a lot though， I think so。Soは。You one。H me。You just ditched everyone， put your here back。

Nice snow in you。Any。Come wait。We're making movement。Fluck this area。Stay。いんです。Little girl。Fock。

 New York。You should come to LA， by the way。Yeah，Way better。No， why， no。关。Don。Have you ever been？

Really， why I toured a few schools in California。Oh。You just didn't make it in like 10 years old， no。

 I did。Not smart enough for LA。Not smart enough for LA， what's my name？Julia。Drinks。Thanks。

 come with here。I' mean， like three blocks away。In。Now。And dishitch the friends。I'm going to sorry。

Fifth Avenue eighthth Street。5ifth abb and 8th Street all you know。It was。系。So with that one there。

 too， let's turn off for one second。It's like， why don't she go with me。

 It's like the end of the night。 Her friends are gone。 No one's there to judge her。

There's nothing to lose is only upside。You know， it's like， remember， girls like sex。

When there's no repercussions。AndA lot of guys aren't aware of that。

 A lot of guys don't know how to make a girl feel comfortable going for it。 Why。

 because they're like， oh， you know， come to， let's go back to my place and fuck making her feel like a sledt。

Of course， she's gonna say no， she could love you if you don't create a situation where she can feel comfortable and nothing will happen。

