# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：2.任务：4.7任务7 4.7 Mission 7【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

🎼爱了多久。🎼Before I laid my eyes， I laid my eyes on you。 Let me to truth。

I just can't take my eyest take my eyes off This is Julian and welcome to mission number seven Okay now this one here。

 first of all， we're keeping as always the going out every single day so for the next seven day straight you're out for a minimum of 20 to 30 minutes daily okay this could be during the day it could be at night you can split it up five minutes here there it doesn't really matter I just want you interacting with women every single day okay now we're gonna build our way up here to merging sets and not having such a tunnel vision just view of the night out you know where I see this a lot guys go up to girls and just like there's the girl know and it's like this one interaction just tunnel vision everything's blocked off friends are blocked off other opportunities socializing blocked off it just you and her and then it ends and you walk up to the next room and you and her and then you walk up to the next one it's you and her okay it kind of reinforces that you know jaws like' the target it amplifies you know。

that attachment to the outcome because it's only you and her like there's the targets and I want us to move away from that be a little bit more ADD and really come from that frame mind of hey let's bring everyone into the fun you know it's like of course there's the girl and your focus on the girl and it's you and her but involver friends you know or involve other girls and start merging sets okay so to build our way there what I want to do this week is one of the you know times you go out。

During that session for 10 minutes and I want you to time yourself with this if you have a wing。

 have your wing come out with you because it kind of helps but for 10 minutes straight。

 you're gonna time yourself， you're not allowed to be out of set for more than five seconds and you're not allowed to be inet for more than 30 seconds so this will get you pretty much mass approaching you know and thinking80 because you don't have time to have that long interaction which is you and hurts quickly okay next one。

 next one， next one， it's also a great way to you know turn off your thinking mind like if you go out and you're kind of in your head you're like oh I'm in my head if you just take so much action your mind will just shut off okay so the way this works is you start so you time yourself 10 minutes starting now and as soon as you start it's five4321 for you to open a girl okay you're not allowed to be out of set for more than five seconds。

 it's not slow5 seconds like you mosing around it's hey。

 let's go54 you got to be oh shit like quickly next one。If you open。

And say you get rejected she's like oh I'm not interested， it's back to five。

 four you're like fuck next one okay if it goes well you can say for 30 seconds but no longer so after 30 seconds it's back to the five。

4，3 okay so you're pretty much like bang bang， bang bang bang ADD where's the next girl it also gets rid of that judgment like oh is it an easy set oh is there guys in there just like jump in？

Okay， so that's something I want you to do during 10 minutes straight okay you're not allowed to be out of set for more than five seconds you're not allowed to be in set for more than 30 seconds and again if you have a wing who literally comes up to you every time you leave it's like he's like five。

 four， three or he times the 30 seconds pulls you out of set five。

 four three that helps a lot okay and you can come up if you want to for extra leverage is。You know。

 some kind of like consequence if you take longer than five seconds。

 like maybe it's push up in the club or something。So that's the second thing， okay， 7 eight straight。

 20， 30 minutes。For 10 minutes， okay on one of the sessions， this mass approach Now building on that。

 the third thing I want to do this week is to work on getting ourselves out of a quote unquote statecra okay you just embrace how you feel and it's like oh statecra game and let it arrives again So when you're out。

 say one of the nights and you got yourself in this very nice you state as soon as you're like oh I'm in state I want you to stop talking to everyone and just kind of go in the corner of the venue and wait until it just kind of drops And then when it's back to ground zero。

 I want you to practice rebuilding that okay then once you're in the zone again。

 go back in the corner， wait till it drops back to ground zero build it up。

 So it's like building a fucking muscle doing the reps rewatch 1 game to know how to go about this。

 but it's really embracing it， it's not trying to force things。

 it's not panicking it's just really wherever I'm at whatever I'm feeling it's all good。

Okay and the more you do this， the easier it'll be the less you'll freak out obviously so just kind of practice that Okay when you're out and you're in state。

 you know for a few times just go in the corner and let it drop until you're really in your head in the corner it's like you're not even having fun you're just kind of static until the environment kind of overwhelms you and then you rebuild it and the last thing here what I want you to do is one of the days or nights you go out I want you to find the hottest girl hottest girl in the venue and walk up to her and get a picture with her and post it in the Facebook group okay of course。

 blur her face， you can blur your face too if you want。

 but I want this on one hand to make sure you're going the fuck out and you're just not typing from your computer so'll force you to get out of the house and secondly you hear me talk about you have to talk to everyone girls you find attractive。

 not attractive it should be the same thing but this can sometimes turn into an excuse where。

You just don't go up to know attractive girls at all and you just kind of rationalize your way hey I'm talking everyone so what I want you to do here is say you're in a club it's literally find you know the most attractive girl okay or you can even say by superficial standards it's the most attractive girl and I don't care where she is she could be at a fucking VIP table she can be surrounded by guys you need to walk up and get a fucking picture with her and post it in the group okay so it's that no excuse go to the hot girl to make sure this talk to everyone is not you know some form of rationalization for just staying in your comfort zone okay so seven days straight 2030 minutes。

10 minutes mass approach， getting yourself from out of state to in state， building that muscle。

 and lastly picture with the hottest girl in the venue， good luck。

