# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战6-合并集 Infield 6 - Merging Sets【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Some ways to kind of get out of your own way。 And this should be， okay。

 the ideal is to reach the state of being where you're just always out of your own way and you just kind of embrace everything and nothing matters。

 But one technical thing you can do in the doing to get to the being is merging sets。 This is big。

 part of you getting your own way is that pressure where there's scarce opportunities。For example。

 if you only talk tohawk girls， it'll be very hard bringing that fun personality out because your options are limited。

 you fuck it up with two or three hot girls there， you're done。

So you need to find ways to place yourself in abundance， One way to learn have fun。

 genuineine fun talking to every girl。 Ho or not， it doesn't matter。On top of that， too。

 if you're only talking tohawk girls and you can't have fun talking to girls you don't find attractive。

 you're taking。You're trying to take。 You're like， oh， she's not attractive。 There's nothing to take。

 If you already had everything， it didn't matter。 If you're coming from abundance， you wouldn't care。

You know。Ideally， too， you should have just as much fun talking to a girl as no girl。

By the mere fact that you need a girl there， you're also taking。Okay。

 but merging sets helps with that because。Basically。

 instead of going up and having these unique interactions where you're like you open， it ends。

 you open， it ends。 you introduce the girls to each other。Okay， and by doing that。

You are now talking to a lot of girls at the same time。 And if one rejects you。

 you still have all the other girls there。Okay， and a lot of that pressure is off。

 Now you're a abundance。 The more options you have， the more mistakes you can make。

 the more you allow that realness to come out。 You're not obsessing over not making mistakes。Okay。

 you can also play off the social proof。 Or if there's a girl with you， another girl is gonna。

 you know， it's gonna to be way easier to open another girl。Like that's the ideal。

 It's like you never open a new girl without another girl in hand。And you can create a nice。

 fun vibe with them。 And that little vibe you created with a girl， check this out to the new girl。

Okay， and it's easy to do guys over read， complicate this just like， hey， me， my friend。

 me my girlfriend， me my sister， whatever it is。That's it。Okay。

 and usually what I'll do to kind of get myself into a very social state fast is whenever I go to a venue。

Understand this， how you feel。Okay， in the beginning。

 until you can really achieve this state of just being where it doesn't matter where you're at。

 It's very dependent on the environment。 So you probably realize this。

 Sometimes you'll get into a very social mood where you're very carefree and at ease in this part of the venue。

Or or in a bar， let's just say， if you go out in the street， it kind of resets。

There's always a reset in a new environment， the same if you're out of it。

 if you're feeling horrible and stressed out in a bar。

 you got it on the street Feel a little bit better。 Not good。 It's just reset。

This applies to different venues， like in a venue outside of a venue， but also parts of the venue。

So you could feel better being near a bar area than near a dance floor area。Okay。

 and to kind of gear yourself in that zone very fast。The smaller， the surface。

 the faster you'll get in the zone。 So usually what I'll do is I'll go out。

 I'll pick a little area of the venue where there's like。

 a good amount of traffic or some people to talk to。And I'll just stay in that little area。

 that little small surface。 and I'll just merge everyone together。

 That skyrockets me in the fucking zone。And then I kind of just let that expand throughout the entire venue。

Okay， something to keep in mind and we'll crack into some。Ways to merge。Okay， now this one here。

I basically opened this girl。 Like， I heard it just opened her。 I know nothing about her。

 and I go from her and her friend within like a minute or so to having all these girls around me。

 Okay， don't overthink merging。 guysy are like， oh， I must do it。 It's just me， my friend。

On top of that， too， if you overdo the introductions， the girl will be hesitant。

Because it seems like you're trying to trick。Understand that if even if you introduce a girl to your friend。

 most guys are like， hey， so come meet my friend。 He's really cool。

 The fact you're putting in so much efforts for something as simple as her meeting your friend seems like there's a catch。

 It's like， why is he trying so hard。 What's off here versus， hey， come me， my friend。😊，Okay。

 so I'm walking out with her nice to go， nice to meet you。 just opened。Julian。

 it sounds kind of girlish， but it's amazings。Well， I feel bad because every time I say it。

 everyone's like，Ju。So I always feel that， so I justify myself because I'm insecure。てまし。

But you don't you don't like， how do you say it or you don't。When you say it。

 you don't pronounce the A。I should be like Julia As， my friend Ryan， he's getting engaged。Bang。

 my friend， Ryan， he's getting engaged。 So I go from me and two girls。 I introduce him to my buddy。

 Ryan。 He's with a girl。 He's not getting engaged。 But again。

 that's like the inside joke I kind of create。 I do a lot of role plays when merging。

 It's kind of like check this out。 He's getting engaged。 It's what makes me feel good。

 Introduce the two girls to Ryan and the girl。 So it goes from me and two girls to me。

 Ryan and three girls。😊，And that's it hey he's getting engaged， say hi。It's fun。 It's offering value。

 but it's simple。 I don't oversell it。 I don't overdo it。😊，She緒。This is my other friend by the way。

はい。Bang， bringing in my other friend， Matt， like， oh， this is my other friend。 Okay。

 I merged with girls。 I merge with my wings。 I merge with everyone。 I'm always like。

 bring more people into the fun。 Okay， oh， this is my other friend。😊，She's in Connecticut， though。

はいはい。Bang， open this girl， hey， come。Yeah。Now， why does she come immediately， too。

 Becauseuse I'm in the center of all this party with all these fucking girls around me versus some random dude。

 like， hello， you know。Are you coming？This my friend he's getting engaged and introduce to Ryan and the girl。

That's me too。Bang， open her。Great。I don't judge， wait， come here， my girlfriend， girlfriend。

This is my girlfriend， So I'm like， come meet my girlfriend。

 I tell the other one this is my girlfriend， introduce them to each other。She Southern Connecticut。

This is our friend。They're my friends of my life。いな。Lucia， just surrounded by all these girls。

One minute， 32 seconds。Yeah， come open another one。 Come just in the circle。 It's my other friend。

 say my girlfriend。 It's my girlfriend。 girlfriend。 Sa my other friend。And look at this like yeah。

 minute， 41 seconds。In this small little environment out here， surround by these girls。

It's very easy to not get in your own way in a situation like this。 Say I fuck up with one。

 I'm starting with all the rest of the girls。 And every girl I open。

 she's more open to experiencing me versus， oh wait， who is this guy。

 Cause I already have girls with me。 There's a social proof。It eases the process。 Merrging is huge。

 Okay， and you can also do this during the day。 Have you been to Europe。Yes， they have。

 used to live in Germany。 No way， as Dutch you speak German。Excuse me。 Are you from Miami or no。

 bangang， that's it。All you have to do is whenever you're talking to a girl， start thinking more fun。

 more fun， more fun， and more girls。And I'll do this， too。

 if you're talking to a girl and say you're kind of bored where you're like， you know。

 I don't really like this girl。 instead of just leaving talk to another girl。

Start looking around and bring in more girls， bring girls into the fun。Really， yeah。

 nice to meet you。 Oh too。 No， I'm from LA。 Oh's my friend from Vienna。 Nice to meet you。

 Nice to meet you， Julian。😊，What are you guys here in Miami She lives there already Yeah I got in a few days ago like。

Humidity， humidity here。I'm scaring me to sunburn like so pale， so pale， what are you doing tonight？

Going to Delano， I think。You don't go to live， Do you like to live or no？I like cold。She hates slave。

 actually come， my friends。Come me， my friend。That's the line。 Come me， my friend。 Come me。

 my friend。my friend， she also hates live and notes boom， introduce them。 He jumps in on that girl。

 This girls coming in been to story within like seconds What are you doing。😊。

Hes also permission Michigan's。Nowm originally from Switzerland。

 but I live in LA Michigan I dated a go from Michigan。

 Traverse City I' been to I've been to Tra City I've been the dunes Are you from Michigan Are you Michigan to Michigan State else。

😊，that your nice to You know if you're49， you're considered age boomrging merging it's like all this merging3。

😊，系你个个明。翻个刘派 how are you。Do you remember name' horrible remember everything else boom on these girls。

I。Get get。Let' let's go we're meeting with Jen over there。With your mother， did you see your mother。

 how old are you？So young little baby， I'm 21' way more mature introducing to your mother as your merge to the right。

 merge to the right。 So I'm like open， move as they're walking， I see another two set walking。

 I'm like merge to the right， merge to the right again。

 It's like your tarzan branch to branch Girl to girl Open these two。

 use them to bounce off to the next two。Oh， excuse me。

 open this girl and you already have the other girl in hand。I'll just say hi's her birthday。

 nice to meet you as well， are you from Borasil？Then I opened the friend of the other one like， oh。

 are you from Brazil。 And again， it's like， I have fun kind of taking on the accent。

 It's like me making myself feel good。 check this out， giving， offering value Sal Brazil。😊。

Mi and Mi do you live in Miami now do you love it or hate it。

 I hate it I live in Los Angeles now it's too humid， I'm like。Just can't deal。

My friend either either is too pale。Yeah， no I mean， I mean you go it's her birthday。

 so we're just fucking around， she just turned 18。How old are you，nttoos？Go对。Lets start this。

How old do you think I am？Very25。34。My friends call me onton like AntonI used to have a mustache here。

It's like， check this out。 It's like， here's some fun。 It's like， that's what reels are in。

 All right， come and say hi， come hold my N yo。😊，没点没点。🎼My friend is from Hung， Budapest。

 This is Jut Mimi。 I think that we should have more of like a mothers son relationship personally Like if you would like。

 I'll get married if my in bed， you're like， son， this is so inappropriate your father will be home any minute。

 I'm like yes， so。😊，🎼You don't have to say what I'm saying， Okay。

 she's not getting get attracted by that。 She's getting by how I feel saying that， which， again。

 makes things worse。 But we got this little fun vibe going。 And with merging。 it's like， hey。

 let's share this with everyone else。 So he actually brings up these other girls。 like hey。

 this is Julia， Julian， Hey How's going。 Julian this is my mother， Leah， like， oh， this is my mother。

s further merging。 It's like keep the fun going， involving more girls。 Yeah boots。😊。

She just got we live in Los Angeles a lot of plastic surgery my mother and I were very close super close honestly ever since the day I was born。

 all I wanted is to just crawl back up inside I know we're a weird little family don't judge us it's natural we're pure our bloodline is pure we keep it in the family。

Yeah， there's no inter link。Oh， you're Brazilian Cassoho。🎼You look like a Cassoho， Cassoho， Cassoho。

🎼do I。I'm such a God。 If you have wings， too， it's like， that's an awesome way to just build fun。

 It's like， say it's two or three of you， you'll split out each bring girls back and introduce them。

 And then you can can make it fun。 create these awkward plot lines like my mother， my sister。

 random shit， but merging。 you got to add that to your game。😊。

