# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：6.奖金：问责电话会议2 Accountability Teleconference 2【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

This is the accountability call。 It's meant to check up on you where you're at how things are going。

 If you have any like big sticking points are just really banging your head against the wall。 Okay。

 not any little question， really maximize the value， you get from this call。

 asking the questions where it's the thing that you've just tried everything and you just can't figure it out。

 you've tried this， you've tried that and you're it's just eating you up inside。

 if that's your big sticking point， ask it。 if it's a little question， don't ask it。

 And if you have trouble， say staying motivated。 if you're in a rut where you may be beating yourself up。

 you may be conceptualizing， you may be feeling a little bit negative， post that as well。

 And let's kind of dive into that get you back on track。 One of the biggest takeaways of 10 game。

 which absolutely bocing me up to another level is that everything is okay out of stay game is okay。

 chilling for five minutes to focus is okay， I'm using myself without going for a clothes every time is okay。

 Yeah， dude， I mean that linkss exactly what I was talking about if you're just beating yourself up。

 you think it's gonna motivate you and it。The beginning， but if you keep doing it。

 you reach that point where you just stop you know being motivated and you start feeling depressed。

 you start getting negative， you worry so much and it hinders your game you know it's like a lot of these questions that I see too like even in the1 game Facebook group those are questions that me personally like if I look back on my journey I would never even ask myself those questions and I don't think many people in the community back then would you know I think it's probably one of those。

You know， it's just there's so much content out now that， you know， one。

 it's very easy to beat yourself up because you're not living up to every little bit of theory。

 but it also kind of， it's very easy to get lost conceptualizing and thinking about all this content and then trying to reconcile it。

 And then if you're out， you're like， oh， everything's going well。

 But what about this and obsessing over the content back in the day like。No， I mean。

 you wouldn't even think about all those things。 You know， stuff like， oh。

 was I offering value today， you wouldn't think about that。 You know， if you're out。

 it's like go but the out of state in this iss like， you wouldn't really think about that。 You know。

 a lot of these questions that I see， I'm like， wow， I ask myself those questions。 again。

 I probably wouldn't be where I'm at now。 know， overthinking every little detail。 now。

 it's like have fun。 And also like stop aiming for。

 I can't stress this grand theory of game or making game perfect。

 There is no such thing is making game perfect game should be human And that's what makes it perfect。

 The fact that it is human slash imperfect。 The fact that you do fuck up at times。

 The fact that you forget to be real， okay， be real for like two minutes。 who gives a fuck。

 it's fine。 Okay， if you hear like offer value。 that doesn't mean like every single fucking second of the interaction。

 you have to be thinking， oh， I'm offering value， I'm offering value， I'm offering value， guess what。

 there are times， Even now in an interaction where I take value。There are times where guess what。

 I get high off the girl's validation。I kid you not。 There are times where I got right now and。

This is not the majority of the times， but I might open a girl and off the bat， she just loves it。

 And what do I do。I do a little poke to get a good reaction。W。

 I do a little pokeke to get a good reaction。 and I feel good。 Okay， and that bounces me。 Oh。

 to be a little bit more social and to reach a point where now I'm in the zone。

 And now I'm actually offering value and I don't care about the validation。 But guess what？

 I used the little poke to get there。 I didn't play perfect offer value game。 I took value。 Oh。

 big deal。 Okay， who gives a fuck again。😊，These ideas， okay， they point you in the right direction。

 and it's what you should strive for overall。Are you going to be perfect，100% of the time， never。

Okay， are you going to be grounded 100% of the time。

 Never Are you going to be out of your head in the moment having a blast， feeling good。

100% of the time， never。Okay， but you can be more than yesterday and more than the day before。

 so on and so forth。 Okay， it's stuff you just， it's like these values or these ideals you just strive for throughout the years of your life。

 Okay， but if I went out， for example， and I saw this， I'm like， okay， I must offer value。

And say I did do that first。 Like， I'll see you guys do this。 That first interaction where， you know。

 they get the validation and they feel good instead of just riding that wave and， you know。

 just continuing to get themselves into a very nice， fun， you know， feeling good mood。

 What do they do， They come back to me， and they're like， fuck。😊，And I'm like， what's， what's wrong。

 Like the girl was happy as fuck， I mean， it was going well。 What's wrong。 He's like， dad。

 I took the fucking value。And the guy starts beating himself up because he took the fucking value and his nis goes to shit。

And I'm like， whoa， dude youre like， you know， since win is game trying to be perfect like this。

 since win is game beating yourself up for this， the little1 percent， okay， don't sweat it。You know。

 like， I kid you not。 if you watch Star Wars like the old ones。 It's like that O B1。

 like the ghost appears。 I wish I could invent a product where。

Maybe I will do like a little video and post in like the Facebook group for your iPhone。

Like the whole product would be， it's okay， You know， kind of link into your question。

 Whatever it is， like you're out in the field， You're fucking freaking out。 You're out of state。

 like， I could appear like， O B1 and be like，h。It's okay。Ebrace it。Out of state game， baby。

 out of state is okay。 You take the value。It's okay。 You took the value。 It's okay。

 Don't beat yourself up。 It's okay， You know， maybe like， yeah， video like you just watch it。

 Like which just me like sh。It's okay。Okay， just that， like you get rejected。It's okay。

Like if you can condition yourself to that， I mean， your results will explode。

 your nights will explode。 and guess what your motivation will explode。 Now， obviously。

 just to quickly wrap this point here， you know， you also have to play it smart。

 you can't use this as an excuse not to take action。 Okay， this is not you sitting at home。

 not doing anything and just looking at the video like it's okay。 Maybe I should go out。 it's okay。

 no， use your brain use common sense， the same as if you're not plain to win all the time。

 you can't rationalize， it's okay。 but I can guarantee you a good 50% of the time， if not more。

 it's you beating yourself up for things where there's no need to do so and you think it's helping you。

 but in reality， it's hindering your results， hindering your motivation and hindering your progress。

 so something to keep in mind。Next one。How to not Okay， And just to make it clear here again。

 I'm reading through some questions。 I don't want these to be just any little question that comes to mind Okay。

 like。This should be your big sticking point。 Like。

 just think of it if you only had one question to ask this entire conference call， you only have one。

 What would be like the most important question you would ask versus like any question， you know。

 like here， any tips on amusing yourself while solo。 Is that really your big one。 If it is。

 that's cool。 But is like your big one， You have one question。That you can ask me right now。

Are you sure you want to use。Any tips onmusing yourself Solo， Is that really the big one。

 The big thing that's really holding you back。 If there's one answer you could get， I it that。Okay。

And again， it might be。 And I'll just answer this now because it makes me think of something I saw in the Facebook group。

 too。 It's like， how do you amuse yourself in your solo， like。

 do you just laugh alone And just to make it clear here， Se amusement solo。 Okay。

 And this is why I call the law， make yourself feel good more so than self ause is you're not just standing there like a weird clown laughing out loud by yourself。

 Okay， like when I go out by myself。 I'm not just like， like clapping my hands and laughing。

 And everyone's like what the fuck。 And I'm like， I'm self amusing by myself。

 Self amusing solo or feeling good by yourself。 It just means feeling good inside。 Like again。

 the whole like， it's okay， You know， maybe me feeling good solo is just kind of me just standing there。

 maybe kind of Bob in my head with。😊，A bit of a smile just like。That's it。You know。

 the whole idea is make yourself feel good。 Give yourself the result。 you're hoping again。

 when you're in a lower state of mind， the girl will give you。As long as you're like， a， all is good。

That's it。 It's not clap， clap self ause， clap， clap， little clown， little cl。 Now it's just like。

All is good。 Hey， how's it going versus I need something。All is good。I feel good， you know。

 and you can have some little sayings。 You know， you can tell yourself like。Alex， okay。

 used to work with RSD， he would just say good Alex all the time。

That that would be like one little saying that would just kind of get him in that good mood where whatever he was doing。

 he's like， good， Alex， good。Just that， you know， he's in a club。 He orders a drink like， oh。

 here's me go drink。 Good， Alex， good， good drink。You know。

 he would say hi to someone's like good Alex， you do a little edit， good Alex。You can do that。

 you know， a little s， but doesn't have to be like over the top weird standout。 You know。

 use common sense。 obviously， I find it very hard to speak with someone in the metro， for example。

 if I plan to do day game or go to a public place like a mall or something， it's fine。

 But just randomly in the metro or bus， I find myself getting stifled。 Why is that。

 And what would you recommend。Now， once again， is that really your number one question？

You want to ask me， is that really the one thing that's missing， Okay。

 because I can guarantee you here， although you may think it is。Okay maybe not， maybe you're like。

 oh fuck， I should have asked that， but you may think it is that's not your number one fucking question。

 dude。You know， it's like。You know， think of where you're already doing well， it's like。

 how could you be doing better versus， well what about this one situation on the metro？

I just feel a little bit more stifled on the metro， why。That's your question。Like。Again。

 anything here you want to ask me you can， but for you it's just like this one little situation。

 that's like me saying you know what I have an awesome blast。

 I kill it except if I go to a bookstore， how do I do that？Fuck the bookstore。

 just focus on where you're doing Well， Like， do you need like on one hand， and I'll answer this。

 But on one hand， you need to always be opening on the bus or metro。

 if you just feel a little bit more stifled。1， you could just get more references and realize it doesn't matterca that's really what it is。

 like it's just in your head like， oh， people will stare at me more。 It's a lot more social pressure。

 So just progressively desensitize yourself to it or just don't game on the metro or bus。That's。

 that's it。 Like， why do you need the game on the metro or bus if you're doing fine during the day。

Go elsewhere。You know。Like， again， it has to be a mix like if it's someone who's not going out who's like。

 oh， I just don still feel comfortable。 it's like shut the fuck up， do it for you。

 if you're already doing well at day game， you can shut the fuck up。

 do it for the bus or train or just don't do it。 You know， for me， there are different venues。

 like maybe some bars around here I don't like。😡，I don't go there。 That's fine。Okay， but again。

 you got to be careful if it's an excuse。 like， oh， I don't like it because it's scary It's like， no。

 in that case， you have to expand or not。 But if you're already killing it during the day。

 it's like you don't need to master the bus or metro。 And if not， if you do。

 like the answer and this is why it's it kind of baffles me。

 This is like your number one question is。Why。Because there's a lot more social pressure you'll stand out and how。

 what do you recommend？Repetition， progressive sensitization。 That's it。

Those are the two things that's your number one question。Next one。

 my number one sticking point is that I waste time。 I don't make the most out of my game sessions。

 I go out mostly and spend 30 to 40 minutes before doing my first approach。 I end up approaching yes。

 but I wait relatively long before starting day or night， both situation have this problem。Okay。

 so this one here， well， first of all。Don't beat yourself up because of it。 Okay， it's like， again。

 that obsession with the negative。 This is like a guy who， you know。

 you could go out right now and like pull your perfect 10。

 But because you didn't maximize the first 30 minutes， you're gonna to beat yourself up。

So be careful there， okay， it's like， yeah， you can fix this so you don't keep wasting all that time。

 obviously， but don't think that you know your game is shit and you suck because you take 30 to 45 minutes before doing your first approach。

You know， of course not。 That's like someone who's like， I need to warm up before approaching。

 I need to warm up。 I'm wasting time warming up。 It's like。Now， it's like， think bigger picture。

 The whole night's one big set。 it's fine。 You know， if you get your girl at the end。

Who gives a shit about this 30 to 40 minutes wasted， now。If you do want to fix it and you should。

The the easiest way is get a wing， you know， it's like do you have a wing if not get one。

 join one of the Facebook groups and give your wing cash do like the old school technique Here's 100 bucks。

For every open， I get 10 back。 or in your case， here' is 100 bucks。

 If I don't open within the first 30 seconds， you keep them。You're not gonna waste 30 minutes。Okay。

 or you can even tell your friend， like if you don't have a wing at all so you live in the middle of nowhere。

 tell your friend， don't tell him about game but say， hey， I'm doing this little social challenge。

I'm going out。 So text him when you go out and say， hey。

 I'm gonna to text you a picture of me and a girl in the next five minutes。 if I don't。

 you keep the money and like you give them 100 bucks and Ill force you。

 you have five minutes to do fucking open， get a picture and send it to your friend or he keeps the00 bucks。

 you know， it's kind of getting creative that way。 Like learning how to create these situations where you just don't have a choice。

 like that's a lot of accountability。 Okay， obviously not beating yourself up。

 ammpping up the positive。 But in terms of you kicking your own ass。

 it's think if you wanted to quote unquote， fuck yourself over。 what would you do。That's really。

 If you wanted to throw yourself under the bus， what would you do。Knowing， obviously。

 that you'll thank the you who threw yourself under the bus yet later。 if that makes sense， you know。

 because the hard part there is it's not really the open。 It makes sense。

 It's just the hard part is giving the money to a buddy and telling him about the picture。

 It's like 30 seconds。 Here's the money。 I'm going to send you a picture。That's all you have to do。

 And now you're in that situation where you don't have， you know， you don't have a choice。

 That's the you throwing yourself under the bus is giving him the fucking money。

So a lot of accountability is those little moments where you throw yourself into the bus。

 and it's usually a few seconds。The hardest part， its those few seconds。 It's like。

 you give them the money， and you're like， I'll thank myself later for this。 And now now you're fuck。

 Now， there's no choice。 Now you're there。So start thinking that way， you know， whatever it is。

 it's like， h， how can I create this situation where I don't have a choice？You know。

 how can I quote unquote throw myself under the bus and thank myself for it later。

 I recently started trying to merge sets。 Awesome。 That's really good。

 That's actually gonna to be the next mission that comes out tomorrow。

They help me get even more in state because the abundance yep。

 merging sets is like one of the the chi codes like I do it all the time。

 Like if you want to get yourself in that very nice fun social state fast merge sets。

 It's like you're there。 its it's crazy。However， and this is the question when I merge and others。

 give me a judgmental look and sentences for doing that。

 How do I get myself and not let those looks affect me， Well， first of all。

They're probably always gonna be a little bit of a look like when I were just like， hey， come me。

 my friend， there was like， kind of like confused。 like what， Ca no one fucking do it does that。

 It's not bad。 totally fine。 Just realize， hey， it's not they're just not used to it。 You know。

 it's like if you open a girl during the day，99% of the time。

 you're always gonna to get that look like in the beginning， like。

what's what's what's going on because no one fucking does that。 No one merges sets。 No one's like。

 hey， come meet this person。 They're like， what's going on。 So realize it's nothing bad against you。

 One thing I'll do when I merge sets is with this。 well， first of all， Ill keep it super fucking fun。

 That'll help you。 if you keep it really fun。 no one will question it because it's all part of the fun。

 You know， it's not like， so come meet my friend。If you do that， and' be like， what the fuck。

 if you're like， I mean， my friend， a like very smooth， very fun。 They won't。

 It'll be all good and assertive。 That's the important part。 Fun plus assertive。Okay， so I'll like。

 literally tell them like cause they're a little confused like， what's going on， It's fun。

 but what's going on， I'll tell them what to do。 So if I like open a girl。 I'm like， hey。

 come me my girlfriend and I open another girl and introduce them to each other。

 I'm literally telling both them what to do because they're both going be like， what's going on。

 I like， shake her hand。 Hey， I contact。😊，Okay， I literally coach girls when merging sets。

 The way I'll coach a student on boot camp。 That's， that's my friend。 It's like， hey， Meter。

 shake her hand， shake her hand。 This is my other friend。 shake his hand。 This is my other friend。

 Oh， and that's her。 Sa hi， this is do。 Like， I'm like the boss。 Always with a smile。

 Always adding to the fun。 But I boss a fuck out of that。 I'm like， do this， do this。 do this。

 do this。 do this。 I'm a coach。😡，It's like， shake your hand， don't shake your hand with a smile。Okay。

 and then also， you know， remember that the goal is not to make them stick and stay there and talk for hours。

 It's fine even if they walk off and split。 the goal is you just keep involving people into your fun。

 Okay， to get that nice sense of abundance and you know， then you can just bounce between them all。

 but it's fine if they just you know， don't talk after and don't expect them to either。 know。

 just because you merge and this is a mistake。 I see a lot of guys do。 they merge。

 And then they're like， hands off， hoping the girls are just gonna take over。 it's like， no。

 it's still your set。 your set just got bigger but you're still the fucking like you move it forward。

Okay， so I would say that and then。Yeah， it's like be assertive with a smile。

 don't half acid or you'll get weird looks too like， and don't oversell it。 if you' like， oh。

 my friend， my friend， my friend， then then it looks weird。 It's like wait a minute。

 well what's the catch。Casual fun plus assertive。And then it's still your set， Lely。

 lead congruence and night venues。 I don't drink， and honestly would rather be in bed。

I don't know what drinking has to do with it unless you're referring to energy levels。

 following up with the bed part， my advice to you， if you want to go out at night， do a nap。

 you know， have a nap before going out， you can drink coffee before going out or just you know go out for a shorter amount of time and then just slowly build your way up to it you know when I first went out to my first club fuck this is like 10 years ago now almost 10 years ago。

I was scared chillless。I hated it， I didn't talk to a single girl and I couldn't go home because I was waiting for the the way it was in Switzerland I hadd wait for a train the next morning so I was just sitting there next to a fucking loudspe just like my whole body when you're in a club it's like and I just did that the whole night it was absolute hell and I was tired I didn't want to be there I didn't drink either it was hell okay but guess what？

I kept putting myself in those situations， and I still didn't like it for a long period of time。

 and I would still get exhausted。 I would still get drained。 I'd still feel completely disconnected。

Until I did it。Again， progressive sensitization until now it's your home。 So again， it's like。Here。

 you know， if you get really tired， do the obvious things， coffee。

 nap or go out for a short period of time and then from there just start building your way up and embrace it you know it's you know。

 if you're going to go out at night make that commitment beforehand and then just don't let like this would be the other one just don't let those little excuses like I'd rather be in bed sneak in。

You know， it's like you're out， maximize the time。You're either going to go out and go all out。

 or you going to stay in。But make a choice， don't stay in between where you're out。

 but you want to be in。If you really want to be in， then just don't go out。

 if you really want to go out， go out， but then shut the fuck up about wanting to be in bed。You know。

And trust me， you can learn to enjoy and then absolutely love clubs。Okay， absolutely love him。

 And I don't care like how old you are here it's like， I'd rather be in bed， you maybe be like 40，50。

 even fucking 60， Okay， avid clients are like 60 going to clubs， loving it。

You're never too old for a club。So yeah and take my word on it。

 I hated clubs for you know the whole beginning I love them now I'm currently in college and approach girls on campus on a regular basis。

 what are your thoughts on burning sets to the ground with people I meet in college do not do that Okay。

 I mean， this is just very common sense if you're at a fucking college why would you burn a set to the ground。

you know， you're going to get a horrible reputation if you're doing a lot of approaches in college too。

 you're probably going to stand out and get a bad reputation and your college years are going to fucking suck Okay。

 do not， do not。Cold approach in college。 Okay， the way this works is you go out and even cold approach。

 that means cold approach strangers。 Okay， you go out to a club to a bar during the day where there are no。

Social repercussions on， say your reputation， you know， unless you're very advanced。

 if you're advanced。They all means killed in college， but if you're new。

 you're obviously going to get those interactions where you run out of things to say。

 those interactions where it's embarrassing those interactions where you make a fool of yourself。

 and guess what？In college， those interactions， the word's gonna fucking spread。

 That's gonna be a rep。 and you're done。 It's like， oh， there's that guy who， you know。

 is like super weird， runs out things to say， does these uncalibrated things。

 He isn't very socially aware。 And he talks to every fucking girl。Horrible， okay， do not do that。

 Go and get your references with strangers。And then once you get a feel for it all let those， again。

 let the internal changes kind of naturally seep into your day to day college life okay。

 that still means you can approach obviously in college。

 but play it safe and be very aware of the reputational impact because I mean college dude。

 you know reputation is huge you don't want to ruin that okay this applies to social circle as well Col approach strangers。

Let the changes naturally seep into your day to day life。

 What books or book would you recommend to help you change your perspective， Watch 10 game。

 Are you looking for a book， Don't get in this trap of looking for more and more information to conceptualize 10 game。

10 game，10 game。Zone in on that。 What is the best mindset to adopt before going out to loud clubs play the tempo of the night like that's a big one and in very loud clubs。

 depending on the layout， realize that you're not going to have that long set。

In in the loud parts of it， you know， so if there's like maybe a little smoking area or an area that's quiet in the second part of the night。

 you can have that girl you commit to where you have that long interaction otherwise in the loud club。

 there's not really that part two of the night it's pretty much part one and part three。

When everyone's leaving， you know and this will especially happen too。

 if it's like a big DJ or a concert or something， just you know expect a lot of short interactions just because it's loud and most people came to actually see the DJ or the person playing and try to set up your leads。

 get some fucking numbers so that part three of the night you can like walk or grow loud and hopefully make something happen or call your numbers but don't expect that long 45 minute to an hour and a half set that's just not going to happen when those really loud venues unless there are some quiet spots in it。

So locate those for sure when I gain girls， I feel a little anxious inside this is happening very often did I sexually hook the girl is she feeling attracted to me sooner or later I feel like I want to look cool in front of the girl so she can feel attracted to me and I can take her number or pull her how can I let go of that outcome？

Stop thinking about game in the field。 Just don't allow those thoughts to enter your mind and dumb down the theory。

 Like Ri dumb it down。 It's like， what is， you know， did she hook， Did I sexually hook her， What is。

 okay， social hook points， She's acknowledging your existence。 So you quit like that first question。

 you have the answer。 Okay， She's acknowledging your existence。 You've hooked。

 She doesn't have to acknowled your existence。Okay， she doesn't have to listen to a fucking word。

 you have to say she doesn't have to look at you。 She doesn't even have to like acknowledge that you exist。

😡，If she is。Okay， even if she's not talking back， if she's looking at you， like there's a person。

You have passed the social hook point。What is the sexual hook point？Does she care。

That's the sexual hook point it goes from aha， that's really cool to what and you can usually see it in the eyes in the tonality of bit。

 does she care， would she feel a little different， a little sad。

 maybe a little disappointed if I just left。If that's the case。

 you've sexually hooked the girl and she is getting attracted。 Anything beyond that is bonus。

That's it。That's all you're looking for。 She'scknowledging my existence。 Social hook point。 Oh。

 she'd probably be a little sad if I left。 She look looks like she cares。 Oh， she's she's there and。

 and caring， by the way， doesn't even mean talking。 Some girls。

 just depending on how they express that， like they may be shy， they may be a little bit introverted。

 They may just not talk a lot。 They may not know what the fuck to say。

 They're still sexually hooked and getting attracted。Okay， quite an attentive if she goes from。

Like that。You're good。Okay， and then beyond that， anything else， like if she's like， oh。

 touching you and laughing and all this stuff， that's all bonus。 You don't need all that。Okay。

 that is all bonus， so just lower， dumb it down and now you're good。That's it。 Next time。

 What does she carry up。 even it's just 1% depends on the girl。 they express it differently。

 If you tell a joke to 1 thousand00 girls， they're not all going to laugh the same。

The same was showing attraction。And then just don't worry about it。Okay， then it's like。

 I am having fun。 Yeah， she' there。 She's park here。 She's having fun， too， awesome。😊，You know。

 again， staying in your head， trying to conceptualize， it's the worst thing when it comes to game。

 like that'll kill your progress。 It'll kill even what an interaction is。 You know， like the。

 the big reason， like guys have trouble having those longer interactions where you're vibing is because they're thinking logical game。

You know， they're conceptualizing and you can survive like a first， you know。

 a few minutes conceptualizing。That's what most people did back in the day with the routines。

 They do like these 510 minutes set of routines。 It like da， da， like that conceptualizing。

But there's no actual emotional connection， and there's no vibing。 And if you're just thinking。

Next step， next step， next step， those 45 minutes arere like。

 whats whats stacks are going to freak out？Those 45 minutes。

 like that's you got to really like to hold that long set。You got to get 100% out of your head。

 you can't otherwise。It's like the feeling that you should have when you have that long 45 minutes。

 an hour and a half set is the same feeling you have when you're just hanging out with a really good fucking friend。

You know， it's like if you have like a really close friend And， you know。

 let's just like just just paint the picture here。 say you have a really close friend。

 you go out one night and you know， like the typical American thing here is like， you know。

 you have a couple beers。 have a couple beers with your friend。 You're sitting down。

 You're just talking about life and shit。 You know， you might have dinner。

 A couple drinks just chatting about life。 just really vibing。 I highly doubt。

You're in your head thinking about all the little details like，oo， am I， am I， you know。

 are we in the vibing stage now， I it my turn to talk， Curry to do， What did we cover so far。

 You're not conceptualizing shit。 You're just there in the moment。

 And that's what makes the dinner or the drinks fun and worth it with a person。

That's kind of like the mental state you should be in， Okay， and the same here with girls。

 and it's even better with girls it's a fucking girl。But that's it。

 it's like when I have those long sets of girls I pull， it doesn't like one。

 I'm not in my head at all， and two， it doesn't feel like she's a stranger at all。

And actually this little nuance here is huge for those long sets。

 It doesn't feel like she's a stranger。 It feels like we've known each other for fucking ever and it feels like we're just sharing our lives with each other。

 just having an awesome like really deep personal you conversation and it's not deep personalsonal in terms of we have to get super serious most of the time it's us just laughing back and forth。

 know it's not serious at all but emotionally it's like that it's like two really good friends like know each other for a while for a very long time。

 It's not like we just met at all and then that just kind of gravitates towards sex but but to reach that like you' got to turn off that know you're thinking mind and of course there are many ways of doing that you can take a lot of action point where you don't think。

My advice is like kind of dumb it down， focus on like the fundamentals like， okay， does she care。

 boom， Yes， done and then just don't like set up that personal boundary。

 Like don't allow those thoughts to enter your mind。 That's it。 You know， don't。

 because it's the more you do it， the more it becomes a habit。

 And then the harder is to let go of it。 know， and you have to decide right now， done。 you know。

 stop over thinking shit。 And this is in the field。 But it's also out of the field。You know。

 of course， you have to break down your nights。 You have to get the lessons out of it。

 But if you're just like always thinking， always thinking， always thinking。

 like the guys obsessed about game， Those are the guys who just can't get those long sets who can't vibe。

 You can't get those emotional connections with girls。 There's just no death to them。You know。

 and you can know all the theory， you can know even all the right moves。

 there's just no fucking depth because you're not fully there。

 you're in your head viewing reality through all these concepts。Little rants on that。

 I guess how many people asking that many questions。 So it's fine， but dude。

 it's like these questions like。If I was like here's another， like just a hammer on even more here。

 if I was asking myself all the questions you're asking right now。

 I wouldn't be successful with women。Okay， again， if I was just sitting like， okay。

 well how do I open her if she's on the phone， how do I open her if she's with a friend or friends。

 But during the day， What about this， What about this， What about this， What about this。

 Like thinking like this shit， like thinking about all those little details that just don't matter at all and they just really take care of themselves like you go up If a girl's her friend。

 of course， acknowledgeled her friend， Why the fuck would you ignore her friend。You know， it's like。

 how would you act if you're with a friend and some， you know， someone comes and opens。

 your friend and just ignores the fuck out of you。You'd be like， well， fuck this。 It's not a win。

 win。 Of course， acknowledgeled the fucking friend， obvious。Okay， but these are the details。

 like it kind of takes care of itself。 Like you go， hey。Hey。Don't think so much。Do more。 It's like。

Again， get those references during the day if you're actually going out during the day。

 you would know very fast that you have to acknowledge the friend because every time you don't。

 you'll get rejected。Okay， but thinking about this without taking action about all the little details。

 that's what's going fuck you up。 Is it right to understand that you can't be unattractive if you are coming from a place of being and are unreactive as long as you are somehow socially calibrated。

See from living Lucary standpointpoints， yeah， I mean that's those are traits that are definitely attractive however。

 don't think in terms of you can， you know you can't be unattractive because like again。

 like what's the place that's coming from it's other you're just trying to make everyone like you。

 you know， and that's just thinking that way that's going to prevent you from actually。

Being unreactive and being grounded。 So the the solution here for you is don't aim to not ever be unattractive。

Okay， and you are going to be unattractive to girls， no matter what， like the way nature designs。

 you're not meant to like everybody。And not everybody's mental like you。You know。

 and the goal here is like。This is like it's funny about game the goal is not to make。

Everyone fucking like you， the goal is to stop giving a fuck。That's how you get there。You know。啊。

The the more， and it's so funny。 Like someone was mentioning like John Lawell。

 like the more you just stop giving a fuck， the better you'll get at this。 But it's paradoxical。

 And again， you got to see the nuances。 people will hear this like， stop giving a fuck。

 And then they just don't care。 like， why am I doing this。 Why am I even doing game。

 Don't give a fuck， But now it's like。There are times。

 and there are different paradigms in different stages where you need different things。 You know。

 in the beginning， I mean， obviously， you have to give a fuck。 Obviously。

 you have to start field testing everything。 But once you pass that point where you're like so obsessed these little details。

The next stage is stop giving a fuck about all the details。 That's how you get there。

Do have to master the open， then the hook and on and so forth。 Nope， Nope， nope， nope， aim for pull。

 even if you're new。 get out of social conditioning。 Okay， get out of this view that women hate sex。

They love it， you know， and they're hoping like a lot of those girls。And this is actually huge。

 A lot of the girls you talk to are hoping for you to move things forward and create a situation where they can feel comfortable taking things further as well。

Okay， they love sex and they're hoping for you to do it。 Okay， they're hoping for you like， hey。

 please， you know， let let's take things further。It's not like， oh。

 sex or when you move things forward， oh， she's going to know， I want to fuck her， it's like， no。

It's fine。 Get out of social conditioning。 You know， the same with date。 you know。

 a friend of mine actually was。Texed me a couple days ago， so he's like， hey， I need help with this。

This girl， I'm trying to set up the day two， and he's texting her to go on on this romantic beach date。

 okay， like a date on the beach。And the first thing I tell him， Kate sounds good。 It's like， oh。

 you know， a date on the beach。 Awesome。 soundss very romantic。 I'm like， dude。😊。

First thing I tell them， why are you picking all these shitty day two locations。Okay。

 and there's nothing technically wrong with the beach， but logistically。

 and you have to understand the day two this way， a day two is a continuation of the initial interaction。

 It's not a date time where you go in this romantic thing。The beach。

 he lives like fucking 45 minutes away from the beach。It's a logistical nightmare。

 It's not smart to set up your fucking date there。Okay， and then he's like， well， maybe well。

 she lives nearby， it could always bounce to her place。 like， what are her logistics。 Oh。

 she has a roommate that's， you know， kind of like cockg blocky。

 So you're not gonna to pull to her place。 So why are you picking the beach。

The best day two location is the bar that's closest to your bed。Okay。

 create logistics that are easier， like the reason you're seeing her again for a day two。

It's because you couldn't sleep with her the first time。

 So now you're picking things up where you left off to take things further with better logistics。

 createate better logistics。 And just in terms of socially conditioned beliefs here， he was like， oh。

 but that's boring。 that's boring。 Just drinks and then sex。 I'm like， no dude。

 That's what the girl wants。Okay， and in terms of dates here。

 this is another just socially conditioned thing。 It's like， you have to realize。

A girl really doesn't give a fuck about like the fancy date or， you know， the awesome plans。 Again。

 that's really cool to do them for you。 And technically， I do this after sex。

 But what does she really want， She wants to spend time with you and take things further and play to win。

 which is playing for that like sex。 That's what she loves。 And just hanging out with you。

 having drinks with you and then go maybe her sex。 That's enough。 Just mean at the shitty bar。

 That's enough。 That's an awesome date for her。😊，Okay。

 and not like one thinking the contrary is like binding social conditioning。

 And what is thinking the contrary reinforcing the fact that that's not enough。

 the fact that you're not enough。If you think you need the fancy date， what does that say about you。

 What's the assumption， Oh， I'm totally boring otherwise， Oh， that's boring。 I'm a piece of shit。

 Otherwise， I need the date to compensate for be being a piece of shit。 The date is the bribery。No。

Okay， so just， you know， kind of snap out of that girls love sex， they love spending time with you。

 they want to spend more time with you， They want the interaction to move forward。

 it's boring otherwise， you know， if you just stagnate it。It's completely boring。

 and you'll see that like usually like not always， but sometimes there's like a window。

 if you're on a date for when you should kiss the girls。's like the window makes， you know。

 now makes sense to kiss her。 if you don't kiss her， you watch， you will see girls very fast。

 Just lose attraction。Okay， I experienced this when I first started out like I was too scared to kiss and the girl's just there and I'm like。

I I just one't kiss and maybe after like 10 minutes， 20 minutes， they're like， oh。

 he's not going to kiss me w， w w， and they would just lose attraction and someone get even a little piss frustrated they' never see me again。

You maybe even experience this when you're out when you instead of going for the poll。

 you get that fucking number at the end of the night， they're like， oh。

 I thought we' were going to take things with Oh he's asking for the number，Okay， so some。

 some things to keep in mind in terms of moving things forward。 How does one pull on the day 2。

 the same as the day 1， that actually goes hand in hand with what I was talking about before。

 Don't view the day 2 is It's day 2 Now。 day 2 is， oh， imagine。You know。

 imagine there was not even a day two Imagine the day two is like back to the first time you met Okay what do I do on a day two one set logistics are in your favor when you see her never expect her to pick up where you left off emotionally but you know in the interaction yes。

 but emotionally don't you know just because you were making out doesn't mean you're gonna open with a fucking makeout。

 she's feeling very differently So open again， get a feel where she's at。Boom， have a seat。

 and then what do you do？Logistics that are now easier。

 And then the same process of pulling baby step her back to your place or her place。

 or where you're going to take things further。 But that's a date， too。 It's not date， time。

 And if I do an amazing date， she'll fuck me， it's oh。

 continuation of the initial interaction with better logistics。 That's a day， too。

 How to convince myself to emotionally invest in closing。 Like how to convince myself I should close。

 It's not so much convince myself I need to close。 It's。

Find the fear in terms of why you're not closing。Because the way an interaction works is it kind of just blossoms into sex。

You know， it's like we're having fun， fun， fun， fun。

 eventually you reach that point where what's more fun sex。

It's not you necessarily need to do anything。 It's like if you just don't not do， you're gonna。

 it's gonna to blossom in the sex。 So there's some fear somewhere where you kind of stagnnate it。

 It's like if the window of kissings there for me back in the day， there was fear。

 I didn't go for the kiss。 It's not about convincing myself。 I need to go for the kiss。 It's okay。

 Where is the fear。 And how can I get rid of that。 Okay， Where's the blockage。

 There are some girls who do not want to fog until the fifth date。 Do you always have to have sex。

To know someone。You always have to have sex to know someone。 Yeah， I mean， with that there。 Okay。

 yeah， there are some girls， Yeah， who are not going fuck you till literally at the fifth date。

 What I'd say there is。I'd have to see the situation。 Okay， it's like， again。

 every every interaction is fucking unique。 It could be that you know you're kind of chody or you fuck some shit up or she's just not that into。

 know it's like it could just be you And if it was some other guy she'd fuck him a lot sooner。

 but it could also be that you're doing everything fucking right And that's just the girl know there's some girls。

 you do everything right， they're not gonna fuck you that same night。

 there's just like no one night stands。 no matter what your game sounds1' like no one night stands and some other girls。

 yeah， it's like they're like， no， just you know X amount of dates。

You know it's like I'm not like that， maybe they'll fool around but they're not going fuck you and you know as long as it's not every girl or then it's for sure something you're doing that's wrong。

But every once in a while， you'll get those quote unquote flukes。 Yeah， don't don't don't freak out。

 It's like and just ask yourself like it doesn't mean it's over。

 It doesn't mean necessarily you're like， oh I'm a now， it's how much do you like the girl。You know。

 do you like her enough to go on all these date before sleeping with her？And if so， go for it。

You know， there's one gra I did back in the day where， yeah， it took four dates。

Four dates until we had sex。I just really liked her a lot。 So I was like， fuck。 I don't mind。

 How are you going for day twos。 Yeah， I mean， yeah， it's like understand。

 it's like a one night stand， like for a one night stand of work。 And there's a lot of hype again。

The way it always works。 And I talk about this in 10 game is aim for sex。 Don't delay things。

 Don't make things more complicated than they need be。 Okay， the girl wants to spend time with you。

Build the interaction together and then climax into sex。

So if the possibility for that climax is there， why are you setting up a fucking day too？

now due to logistics， however， due to the time of the night due to all these other circumstances。

And due to the girls， too， like some girls again， they're not down to fuck that night。

 you're not going be able toloss them into sex during the initial meet。 So in that case。

 set up the day too and for sure go for the day too。 Otherwise you're gonna to miss out on a lot。

 a lot of opportunities。 A lot of hype about club game。 Yeah。

 the reason there's just a lot hype like the big benefits of like going to a clubs。

 Hey versus the day is one， there's a lot of social pressure。 Now there's a lot of pressure in both。

 but it's different。 You know， it's like during the day， it's more chill。 You'll stand out more。

 So people judging you。 That's a little bit higher。 However。

 it's a lot easier in terms of the interaction itself during the day。At night。

 there's a lot of social pressure because there's just so much shit， you know， like so much chaos。

 and you're also like competing against， you know， like for the girl's attention。

 like there's all the music， the dance floor these， it's just a lot more chaotic。

It's like you're you know instead of swimming in the swimming pool。

 like you're in the fucking ocean in a storm so that like you'll learn very fast to remain fucking grounded。

 so huge benefits there And the other big one is there's a lot of girls。

 there's a lot of opportunities to get reference experiences versus wasting time you know walking around during the day to just get like three opens done。

You know， so you'll get a lot faster。Going where the girls are。 Now。

 that doesn't mean clubs necessarily better than the day either。 Like if there's， if you live in。

 you know， say there's like a festival during the day and there's a lot of girls。

 then fucking go there because there's a lot of girls。 It's basically， where are the girls。Go there。

 What's the one thing that I was motivated me to keep going out and gaming on the beginning of the journey。

For me， it was freedom， actually。Yeah， it's I talk about this。Yeah， I mean。

 it was for like it was that first， the first open， you know， that first open that I did。

 it was like a sense of freedom， like literally all those years kind of leading up to it where I kept kind of。

 you know， suppressing who I was。Boom， I could finally。

 it was like I finally broke free with that first open so that feeling there。

That's that's what got me hooked， you know， and as soon as I experienced that， I'm like， whoa。

 and as soon as I even physically proved myself， hey， I can do this， you've done it once。

 there's no reason you can't do it again， that's what got me hooked and I didn't care how long it would take I didn't care what it would take。

I didn't want to live a life where， you know， I wasn't free。 so that's really what got me hooked。

 And that's what motivated me。Even to this day， for me， it's all yeah。

 being able to put yourself out there， get out of conditioning， get out of the fucking shackles。

You know， of a society or the shackles you impose on yourself and be free， sounds so cheesy。

 like be free， but that's that's really it。You know。

 it's like that that feeling most of us have when we have to like sing in public， you know。

 it's like you kind of freeze， you're like， you know， you can't do it that feeling there。

That's what I had， not just with singing， but in every you know， area of life I was like I。

Like I just couldn't， it's like I wanted to， I just couldn't， you， it's like you know how to sing。

 you just can't I knew I wanted to。Partarake in life again， as cheey as it sounds。

 It's like with friends， I want to fucking say something。 I want to be part of it。

 And I just couldn't。 And that was my whole life。 It was like I just couldn't do it and reading。

 you know， finding about the game and reading the book the game was like the first thing was like。

 holy shit I can do something about this。Because I was ready to be like， well。

 that's just who I am fuck it， you know。That's life， so it shows me like， shit。

 I can do something about this。And then， you know， it took like， yeah。

 a couple months of me just going out where I still couldn't do that。

 And then that first open it was like。It was like such a high， and such a relief。you know。

 like comparing it to sing and like you can't sing it song you finally do， you just get hooked。

 you want more and more of it， so for me it was like shit I kind of I had that glimpse of breaking through on the other side。

And that's what got me hooked and in terms of motivation。

 like of course there are times where you want to kind of like you know， whip yourself in the shape。

 but most of the time it's just like，I'm just focusing on that， that's what got me there。You know。

 focusing on the positive focusing on。What game is。

 what would you ask if you were us right now seriously？嗯。To be honest， like。

If like if I went back like to to。It it the。I like that question。

 what would you ask if you were asked right now？It depends on which part of the journey I'm in。

If it was in the very beginning in terms of like accountability motivation。

 I would probably ask like， hey。I have a theory like this is me， say before that first open。

 I have the theory， I've been going out， I'm literally roaming the fucking streets。

I just can't do a fucking open。What do I do， do you have any advice， you know， and this is you know。

 where the advice like get a fucking wing， which I did。Get a wing， try to babys step your way there。

 create that situation where you don't have a choice， give money to your wing。

 give money to a fucking friend， do whatever the fuck it takes。 That's the advice that I would give。

 That's where all this comes from。Then， later on。I'd probably focus on if I have like a huge sticking point。

 kind of what I said in the beginning of this call， if like whatever my sticking point was。

 if it's just one where I'm really banging my head against the wall。

 I'd be sure to ask that question。And then later， I'd probably ask。Yeah。

 kind of just more personal questions， you know about。About the person， like。

 I'd want to see more behind the scenes more so than any specific content question。

 I just want to get a。The vibe of the person。Yeah， that that's mainly in a way what I do now。

 you know， if I meet anyone， I don't really talk like specific content like most specific content questions you can find like in a product。

 you know like。Here we explored， of course， a lot of other things， but you know， technically。

 if you actually dug through 10 game， you could find the answers your questions。

 So I'd just mainly get a feel for the vibe。 you know。

 just kind of try to vibe with the person be like a you know。

 and just kind of get some more on the emotional air。Yeah， I like that question though。

 but that's why I'd say， yeah， bring down your nights。

 I would say make it sustainable so you should always。

I'd recommend always breaking down every single time you go out， by the way。

 like write down some notes， if you have like a journal。

 like that's why I keep saying posted in the Facebook group if you're following the missions。

 I'd recommend doing it every single time。How I'd say the basic one。

 I make guys do this on boot campamp and I talked about this in shift is three sets， three lessons。

 and you can even add three things you said or did you found funny， three sets， three lessons。

 three things you said or did you found funny you know this will。Three sets。

 it could be a good one or bad one， the three main ones that stood out and why three lessons。

 you know that's like oh I learned this， I learned I should do this。

 three things you said or did you found funny and what's cool with this format is so you go out seven days straight if you write down three lessons every single day you know some of the days the lesson is gonna be the same you know and the lesson that stands out the most that's your big stick point。

 fix it and then keep going that way there。So I do that technically you know。

 if you have more time do more than three， but I like the three because even if you're busy like it takes fucking five minutes。

 you know， it's five minutes like write it out just gets you kind of reflecting on。On this session。

 So I'd say do that one there。How long do I usually take again depends if I have time。

 I'll write it down in depth， otherwise it could just be like literally a few notes on my phone。

You know， it depends。 Just make it sustainable。 There's one thing you live by in game like。

Youre enough what it be。嗯，嗯。Fuck， there's mini， man。There's Ted。

There's one thing you live by in the game， it's 10， it's the 1 laws， live by that， live by those。

Live by those。 and。Overall， like， again， it's so cheesy。

 But and we kind of talked about this in the beginning。 it's all good。Like that little mantra。

 it's all good。what叫 you。Ahead， big time。You know， if you think about it too like it's all good。

 if you can actually think of everything as being all good， you would still take action。

 It'd be tough to kind of rationalize your way out of it because you'd be like。

 oh because what's preventing you from taking action， it could be like fear oh。

 I'm scared about people think it's all good Oh okay。

 and then you do it So it's all good whatever you're at like next time you're out remember this call next time you're fucking freaking out of or something。

It's all good。 The last thing I just say here。 And I heard this somewhere forgot was if you think about like kind of just ending on an inspirational note。

 again， next time you're freaking out， just remember the all good。 And the other one is。you know。

 your biggest regret， if you think about it， no matter how bad things could get。

 like in terms of you say getting rejected， you ego being destroyed。

 the biggest regret you should have is not doing this。

 So as long as you're doing this as long as you' moving in the right direction。

 you're all good know and then keep it fun。 Okay， it's like you got to view like the different like paraise to this where it's like you got to hustle but overall。

 keep it fun。 know， it's like here， we're kind of diving into different aspects of game。

 we're diving into motivation。 like you know be very serious break your nights。

 but don't get so sucked into all of this as we talked about in the beginning。

 where you start overthinking and it'll get so sucked into this， the game becomes such a big deal。

Remember， it's all good， Okay， you're just going out， having fun， chatting girls， having a blast。

 having those epic moments， enjoying the freedom that his game that's。Really what it's all about。

 like never forget that big picture there， that's what I've conclude。

