# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：2.任务：4.4任务4 4.4 Mission 4【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

🎼爱多久。🎼Before I laid my eyes I laid my eyes on you take this is Julian and welcome to mission number four Now this one here。

 don't worry you can finally slow it down。 you can finally relax a bit。

 there's no longer the go out seven days a week for a minimum of 30 minutes daily rule okay for this week here。

 you only have to go out twice this is your take a little breath。

 You've been hustling hard for three weeks this week just slow it down， go down twice。

 but for a minimum of one hour each time and it has to be at night at a bar or club So ideally try to do this on Friday and Saturday go out for one hour each night it can't be during the day。

 it has to be ideally in a fucking club one of those hectic environments and you can relax the five other days。

 let's just say okay so that's the structure for this week and the other。

Challenges basically is you're gonna to have to read this book here。

 This is the way of the superior man by David data。 This is， you know apart from you know。

 finding out about the game for me when it comes to success with women。

 one of the most influential books I've read， it's a must you know in terms of being a guy if you haven't read this book。

You know， you're missing out。 okay， it's the way of the superior man by David data。

 especially to when it comes to relationships， okay more so than just the initial interaction。

 what happens after that， understanding you know your masculine energy， or feminine energy。

 how that all works。 you have to read this book so you have a week to read it。 get a hard copy。

 get on Kindle， you can probably find some Pdf， but or maybe even audiobook。

 but you have to read this book that's your other mission mission number three is I want you to post report of your first three weeks going out and applying 10 game in the Facebook group。

 so instead of posting every single day since it's only twice this week。

 I want you to kind of zoom out a bit and look at the bigger picture。

 and this is important to do every three weeks every month or so。

 just zoom out and look at your progress over that month。 because if you just look day to day。

 It's usually these little one% and it kind of sneakinks up on you And it's only when you take a bigger chunk of time。

 you're likea that's where it was。 This is where I'm。

Now that's crazy okay you have to acknowledge that， acknowledge your success。

 acknowledge the progress and just take it all in you know it's like you did it you fucking hustle like three weeks straight going out seven days a week you know applying this fucking props you know congratulations really congratulations so that's the third assignment and the fourth one。

Is I want you to text some of the numbers that you got last week and we're gonna dive deeper in terms of texting。

 But I want you to see if you can maybe set up a date okay or set up a day two。 And for now。

 just kind of mess around with it。 just kind of freestyle it。

 You can post some screen caps of the exchanges in the Facebook group。

 I'll be basically scrolling through the group and I'll kind of look at them and I'll structure next week's video and mission based on that。

 So just text your numbers。 remember， you had to get five numbers last week。 text them。

 see if you can meet up with them， suggest a meet， post some of the screen caps。

 obviously blur out the name， the phone number， keep you know the person's privacy。

 and we'll build on that。 Okay so this is week  four mission number four， take a deep breath。

 You only have to go out twice。 two times this week at a bar or club。

 ideal a club for one hour minimum。Read this book， The Way of the Superior Man by David Dataa。

 post a long report of your first three weeks in the game， okay not daily， but more of like oh。

Big overview and text your numbers and post some of the screen caps of the exchanges of you trying to set up a day two or date with those five girls。

 Good luck。