# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战11-深夜拉（壮举）。（欧文） Infield 11 - Late Night Pull (Feat. Owen)【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Says me and On， end of the night。Two girls rock up。And we'll kind of break down to dynamic。Hi。

 who are you are Julia nice to meet you。 sorry hi。you No I just saw you。

 Id say hello hi Are you guys leaving dont Now I'm waiting for my friends are coming out right now。

 your parents， my friends my parents I'm sorry， I'm sorry， but don't go yeah。😊，Where what's going on？

Or几 go。Come this way。瞌睡瞌睡瞌睡。Now， this is one just to kind of like introduce this video。

 This is one where I'm actually feeling kind of out of it。 Okay。

 if you kind of recognize the location， this is where we shot this introduction for the hot seat 2 back in the day。

 The first video I kind of ever put out with infield。

 And I was extremely in my head when we actually shot that。 So we just shot it now。 And it's like。

 oh， last set open。 And I'm like， oh， hello， don't go。

 And some of the stuff I'll point out that I should have been more on top of is， for example。

 this girl's like， well， wait， what's going on then。😊，When she's like， what's going on。

 you have a fucking plan。Oh， this is going on。 Let's go。 I'm like， I don't know， but just don't go。

You know， so， so it's not extremely on points。 However， it's good enough。And I like to show this too。

 just to show how you don't have to be perfect。Just be good enough。 You know。

 And that's a fine line you just want to find where， you know， it's like。

 what's the good enough line where you can be boring enough， F up enough and still get the girl。

Once you see that the lot， the bar is pretty fucking low。Then all the pressures off。

 and then you can do all this other stuff because you want to， not because you need to。Guys。

 for example， see me do this crazy self amusement。 They're like， fuck， I need to do all this。

But by thinking you need to do all this， there's all that pressure put on it。It's like， no。

 all you need to do is this。 And then you can do this because you want to。

 It's all about the place it's coming from。 So this will be one of those interactions。

 kind of out of it， but still pull。No。They're pretty thinky， though， Oh， it's not for going。Just。

 I like that boom， a pretty slick move， like this。I can't。出来。All right。

 you want to smell it here I got this for you I saw you really smooth is so smooth thank you I try to No I know。

I'm sorry， I'm sorry， I know you guys， I try to be slick。I try to be smooth， I do wear contacts。

 I do， but they're not color interesting wait。Thank见。Yeah。

 that's all I got I'm all in my head right now。 I'm like I'm all in my head right now。 I embrace it。

 I'm all in my head right now I'm waiting outside by my， I'm just like oh I what's going on Well。

 I left the club earlier and I still like fuck I should stayed in longer That was it basically So why that's all I got。

I I think we're going home， we're kind after party next to Roosevelt， you should come。

Don't embarrass me， though， where is it next to the Roosevelt Hotel on Hollywood。You don't have to。

 I'm not like come to the afterctor it's like just after party， they'll be there， she's in love。

Go after party。A are you going you Tell her？Weass rec and weas hotel that's kind of fucking starving。

 I have an idea。 They have 25 degrees of。 have pizza。 Another big fuck up。 I'm kind of starving。

 I have an idea。 Do you have pizza。If a girl says， do you have pizza， what do you say， Yeah。

 I have every kind of pizza， you know， in my bed， every pizza， let's go。 I'm like， no。We need pizza。

 we can grab it on the way。 We can grab it on the way。 Like， no， like， yes， it's like stupid。

 It's Friday。 It's pizza Saturday deal， grab it on the way。 We'll stop out， Yeah。

 We'll stop at Ralphs pizza， the ghettos pizza。 We'll stop at Ralphs。😊，Like what the fuck。

 Let's go to a grocery store， get pizza and then go。 It's like， no。

 it's like she basically set it up。 like you guys a pizza。 Like， understand，2， with part 3。

 A lot of these girls want to keep partying。 They want to keep that fun going。

 They don't want to go home。 You just need to give them a reason to keep that fun going。😊，Pizza。

 party， whatever it is， let's go。Why do you eat pizza， by the way， perfection。

 And then I fucking call her out。 I mean pizza like， why do you even eat pizza， You fatass。

 like little just。So bad Although LA pizza is nots where you from Ohio。Now， here's what happens too。

 me and this girl starts off Okay， and it kind of dies down in the vibe。 Okay if you guys noticed。

 And here we're all talking。 suddenly this girl starts responding a little bit more to me。

 She starts responding more to Owen。 And you'll sometimes have to do this。 You know， it's like hey。

 if you want to make it happen。 yeah， switch。 So you'll see us like quickly go for a switch。

 This is something you kind of feel in the vibe。 Okay。

 it's like here it's not probably gonna happen to me and her。 mean still could。

 but it's not off to an ideal start and just kind of reading by the vibe here。

 They connect a little more。 We connect a little bit more be willing to switch。

 I'm from Ottawa So notice she's like， oh no， to me， is they're talking through that way。

 exceptries is actually pretty cool。's about two blocks third third in Li。

 It's like down two blocks Yeah， it's like after our pizza have a。😊。

And don't watcht be like bang switch。 don't judge。 You're right， You're right。 I'm good。 I' good。

 I'm good。 I Yeah Nothing happened me tonight That was。 Nothing happened here。 dream suck tonight。

 Why are you visiting or you live here bangang， We just switched。😊，Okay。

 and another important dynamic， if it's like four of you。

There are times we're going to want to talk all four of you， but maximize like one on one。

 one on one。 fucking We don't a lot of totally。We're held 29。Well， nice Rose， you're welcome。

 you're welcome。I actually predicted you coming out so I was like just give it to that girl I know I'm romantic like that I try to be and I'm not a bullsh okay not anymore my attraction went from this。

No， I'm， I'm joking， joking， what's your name exactly？주mer。ulian okay， I did know I do know because。

 you did say that to me when I out I I appreciate the forgetting my name after party You don't have to You guys don't have to come waiting you should come。

You guys older， younger。佢啲声。Youre exactly I love you I'll kill you。Such a I'm sorry。 I'm not a take。

 I'm I just tell the truth。 I never lie。 I never lie。 I never lie I never lie， of course I won。

 I know I the meanest I love you' I I just the day the rose。😊。

I just want to be the only girl in the world。那。AnywayOkay， goodbye， never。Ohio， all right。

 you're a di move I'm not you are ever time I say every time over my mouth。

 you're like got to rip me down。Well， good for you。 Okay， okay。

 one last last chance bang pushed a little too far in terms of pressure on。Slow it down。 She's like。

 oh， you， you're a little too far。 You're di too much pressure。 It's not bad。

 It's just like still playful。 It's like that's a little too much。 Can I say something though。

 I know it doesn't。 No， you and I， no， we're not compatible， but I get it。 Here's the thing。

 if I can give you some maybe No tip。 No， no tips。 one last chance。 inside the tips。Trust me。

 there's always one last chance。 like in the movies。 One last chance。 Okay， so she's like， okay。

 she's like， yeah， okay， all I have to do here is just slow it down。

 use what we call a statement of empathy。 Like， hey， sorry。 I was fucking around。

And keep show some realness。The self' using it， if I just keep like pushing it like I was before。

 if you do too much of one action， it can turn into insecurity。

It's like those guys I said before who keep acting if they didn't hook。Okay， so here's like， okay。

 too much， slow it down， high again， start high I'm actually really not a di。

 I'm sorry listen nice to meet you I love your。on my head now。 you got me stuck in my head。

 I like shit shit fucked hard。 I didn't。 I didnt。 Yeah， you did。 Youre me twice I second I was like。

 ass you don't even know me and you already fucked。 No， I'm sorry。 Yeah， you did that hard。

 I was for the pizza。 I'm all down for the pizza。 Well I didn't taste the pizza。

He is delicious my favorite if you don't here's the problem girls， if you want to wait。

 you don't like tips， no tips， no tips， no tips， no tips I'm a man， a real man， a true man。

Maybe you should bite your pride in 2012 I'm not I I'm sorry， I actually I'm sorry I'm not。I just。

 I want to speak my mind in 2012， so actually good for you， you go with your plan。

 you rip it hardcore， and I wish you best。Hey， something like that just I'm sorry No。

 I'm just saying since you said one last chance， I said I said I was sorry 2012， okay，Hey。

 this is my view。And here I crack into my Academy Award winning speech。

Oh you guys are that just flips it around。 It's like slow it down。 bang。

 I'm sorry about before I was intimidated。 I was an asshole。 I apologize。

 I'm really sorry I did not mean it。 It just came out， and I am actually a really cool guy。

 and I do actually like you。 very。I want to say quirky even though it sounds mean it's a compliment trust so I really I'm sorry and I don't mean it like that I out I I got got。

So you guys are going to。So you're going to。Yes。Where you extra as well？

That's just not really convenient Why， what area do you live in' like're bang。

 so that was the resistance to the after party before。 I'm saying Roosevelt。 And here she's like。

 well， that's not really convenient for us。 I'm like， why where do you live right up the street。Oh。

 in that case， F the Roosevelt， Let's go to yours。 Do you have pizza。 Do you have pizza， Wait。

 do you have drinks， Do you have drinks， like  any0 fucking reason to get there， Do you have drinks。

 Let's go for drinks。 I occasionally drink。 I didn't drink tonight， though， but this was sad。

 Do you have pizza。It this。Yeah。You know it's crazy， TV can get wiped out， it's obvious。

It'll be'll beAnyways， thank you but after party after party， yes， of course。

 come whatever area left。Just so embarrassedverse。 I'm sorry。 No sorry， that's another line。

 I'm sorry， I'm sorry。 I caught myself before I Ive said it。 I fucked up before。

 I'm actually being completely honest and nice right now。y I stopped happening。

 There you go me actually a gentleman。And the cool thing， too。

 if you're going to a girl' space is like you can have the logical excuses， like drinks， pizza。

 whatever， but you don't need that much because those girls are going home anyway。

 she was like going home， going home。right。We got right there。太下。I didn smell some street。Streamme。

 you call itStme。I love it， it's the compliment。Sweet， what do you do？

Sounds very cliche about what you do，Okay， so again。Pick up is messy， to keep in mind。

 don't need to be on top of that， but you do need to be smart at those occasional little moments there。

 and you have bind temperature on your side。 And with go with when you're going with the girl and it's like the end of the night。

 you also have to trust in the fact that it doesn't have to be that on。

And trust that once you're in a bedroom， there's a shift thatll happen in her mind。

