# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：2.任务：4.3任务3 4.3 Mission 3【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Before I laid my eyes laid eyes This is Julian and welcome to mission number three Now with this mission here we're going keep the going out every single day meaning you've been doing 14 days straight so far we're going extend that to 21 days straight so for the next seven days go out every single day for a minimum of 30 minutes daily don't worry next week we're going slow it down a little bit you may be thinking like every fucking mission he's going keep tricking us and extending it seven days mission number four that's going be our recuperation so you just have seven more days just pllow through and hold yourself accountable by posting in the Facebook group every single day post reports Now in terms of the mindset here last week we worked on not disapproving ourselves seeing our successes and every interaction giving ourselves approval for this week。

 we're gonna work on building。Pal authority over ourselves and really cultivating that self- trustt because one thing that I've noticed scrolling through the Facebook threads and know they're awesome threads。

 And if you're posting in their congratulations。 one thing that I did' notice is that there' are a lot of fucking questions that really communicate a lack of personal authority and lack of selftrust in terms of the person who posted that question。

 so these questions are often times you know pretty simple。

 pretty common sense or would require just a little bit of research to get the answer。

 but instead of trusting that you already know the answer， be like， it's common sense。

 It's this or doing that research， you just ask away。

 and this is something that a lot of people are falling into now that there's more and more resources。

 it's like we just keep giving our authority externally and we stop listening to that little voice inside of our heads。

 for example， I'm sure a lot of the questions you have here。 It's like you know the answer。

 but you're not sure and you always want that external validation to believe it what does that do。

 It kills self-trust。 So my challenge here。That I'm giving you for this week is no questions。

 You're not allowed to ask a single fucking question。 Okay。

 you're gonna have to learn to figure out the answers on your own and start building once again。

 that personal authority over yourself。 Okay that means trusting the answers you come up with and learning how to find those answers instead of constantly giving your power away externally waiting for someone external to give you the answer or to confirm it or to figure it out for you。

 Okay， so this does mean to questions。 You're still gonna have a lot of questions。 It just means。

Figure it out Okay， so let's just see you go out this week。And something happens， you're like， oh。

 you know， this happened instead of just jumping on the forum。

 like any little question that comes to mind and posting your question， like what do you think。

 what's the answer， ask yourself， what would I do right now if I knew no one would ever give me the answer？

Fun。And then act accordingly。 O， you'd probably go online line and look up different resources。

 You'd probably go through the product， try to find， maybe this， maybe this。

 you probably field test different things or you probably have the answer And you're like， oh。

 I guess I trust that it's this。No one will ever confirm it。

 It's up to me to confirm it and start building that authority。 So no fucking questions。 Okay。

 instead， I want you to write the question that you have and comment below how you figured it out。

 That's your challenge。 Okay， it's like how to answer your own fucking questions and build that personal authority。

 That's the mindset I want us to work on。 Okay， Now on top of that。😡，Going out  seven days a week。

30 minutes every single day。 I want you to get five phone numbers this week。 Okay。

 we focused on logistics last week， try to keep that going。 keep the logistic habit going。

 but we're gonna add the phone numbers， meaning that I want you to try to get five numbers。

 Now when getting a number， there are five steps。 step 1， talk about the day2。

 make sure you talk about when you're hanging out again if it's gonna be later that night。

 the next day， it's like hey， when are you free， Let's hang out。

 you want to be clear in your intentions here。 let her know why you're getting her number。

 It's not just a pity number。 It's not because someone told you in a video to do it as a challenge。

 It's because you want to see her again。 That's step 1。 Step 2， make sure she remembers your name。

 A lot of girls were forget。 Step 3， pull your phone out during or before， Don't be like。

 can I have your number。 Okay， thank you and then take your phone out。 assume Sha said yes， Hey。

 what's your phone number。 try to keep it casual as well。 Step 4， try to be disc。

 don't put on the spot in front of all her friends and become an obstacle to her goal of not seem like a slut。

And step 5 text your name immediately after。 Okay， I want you to do this minimum five times this week。

 Okay， that's your challenge on top of that。 Okay， there's two more things I want you to do every single day。

 try to open a mix set。 what's a mix set。 That's a group of guys and girls or one guy， one girl。

 There has to be a guy in the group。 Okay， I want you to train yourself to not look for those easier opportunities where you're just looking for like a girl by yourself。

 a girl and her friends or like these situations that seem like， oh。

 nothing can go wrong here and just avoiding scarier situations。 Okay。

 I just want you to learn how to feel at ease in every fucking situation。

 And that means going up to groups where there's a fucking guy。

 and I want you to get some references that nothing bad will happen。Okay。

 we tend to overg things in our mind。 We're like， oh my God， there's a guy。 Most of the time。

 a guys just like you or me。 Okay， it's like， how would you act if some guy came up and talk to you。

 would you fucking freak out， No， Okay， so the challenge is every single day， open a mix set。

 but don't actively hit on the girl。 Just open with small talk。 That's your goal。

 I just want small talk with a mix set。 Okay， Just like fucking 30 seconds like， hey。

Venue' is pretty cool right， yeah， cool Anyway， hope you're having a great night bye。Just like that。

 okay， just getting those references， baby stepping your way there and just proving to yourself， hey。

 nothing fucking bad happened okay， and the last thing I want you to do and this is more on the self amusement side is try to see in an interaction how many times you can say like a dog。

Okay， suddenlytly without say the person noticing。 So if you go up to a girl， you're like。

 how's it going， What's your name， She's like， oh， my name is Jessica I're like， oh。

 that's cool like a dog。 What do you do See if you can just subtly， Oh， yeah， like a dog。

 What do you do， Oh， that's awesome， like a dog。😊，What do you say， Oh， nothing like a dog。 Okay。

 just see how many times you can slip that in。 The whole purpose here is again。

 to kind of bring that fun to the interaction。 It's not the like a dog that's gonna get the girl。

 The whole purpose is you kind of just learn to laugh at it。 You laugh at yourself。

 It's this inside joke with yourself。 So just give yourself a little challenge。 Like。

 how many times can you subtly slip in the words Like a dog in an interaction。 That's mission 3。

 Good luck。😊。