# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战4-步行组 Infield 4 - Walking Sets【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

You're also going to encounter a lot of walking sets。And as I said before。

 what's the girl's goal when walking to go from point A to point B？Most guys just try to stop them。

 And although they're a perfect match for a lot of those girls。

 because they're an obstacle to her goal， she'll reject them。Okay。

 you don't have to game a girl where you open her。 Go with her， make it win， win。Okay。

 on top of that too， remember this， you want to get as far away from the place you open a girl as possible。

Because you're not going to fuck her there。 Nothing will ever happen where you open a girl。

 But somehow， we always try to keep a girl there。😡，Hey， let me go over here。 No， no， stay here。 Hey。

 let me go see my friends。 Oh， stay here。 Let's go for this the refresh。 No， stay here。

 Why are you trying to keep her here。 That's not plain to win。Okay。

 so let's crack into a few examples here。Don't ever So girls walking。And said to me， like， come。

 I'm like， check this out， don't ever stare， don't ever stare。That's it。 Don't ever stare。

 Don't ever stare。 She's like， what。How can you inspire her to get drawn in， Thr something out there。

 Don't ever stare。 Don't ever stare。Okay， a little challenge， too。 add some like passion。

 some engagement。Are you from Miami？And then I have my arm out， are you from Miami。

 where are you from？Nice to meet you。Come here， my friend。

From Norway Chicago Oh what are you doing in Miami， I' was just here on vacation。Aification as well。

 I just got here。Not from Chicago， I live in LA。Yeah， he's from Norway， my friend from Norway， Oslo。

I've been to Nor No， my family's Swedish， do you speak it。Really。

So this is an example where you can draw her in。 Okay。

 I'll start with a few examples where you can stop them。 But as you notice with this girl。

 she's walking by herself， and she's also kind of walking somewhat slow， aimlessly。

 And you can kind of tell beforehand the girls you can stop or not。

 The girls are kind of walking like on a mission。 Like。

 It's better to immediately just start walking with them。 Okay， and make it casual。 Like yours。

 so anyway， how's going。 as you're walking with her。 If the girls kind of like。😊。

You'd probably be like， a， stop， and she'll stop。However， understand， too。

 that if she is going somewhere。 Okay， get the logistics like where are you going。

 realize that even though she stops， she'll probably just stop for 2，3 minutes。

 She's still at some point going want to keep going to point B。

 in which case you're gonna to have to go with her。 Yeah。

 So which way do they think it is better to stop。Bronport。It doesn't matter。But yeah。

 it's like tap tap。Yeah， a lot of my opens are tap tap she's walking like tap tap， excusecus me。

 thing， or just like， walk with again， your only goal is like。

It really doesn't matter if you stop her or not。 Your only goal is like keep the interaction going。

 Whatever will keep the interaction going。 That's it。You' like， are you Miami， are you from Miami。

 are you from Miami， are you from Miami？Where are you from， Michigan？Russia。

Are you really from Serbia， Wait， one second，1 second， bang。

 So I'm like telling anyone like tell them， are you from Miami。 Like these two girls are walking by。

 And then they keep walking， And they're like， wait， are you from this， This， This is like。

 check it out， check it out， check it out。 solelyly reeling them in。 I just got no， no， no， no， no。

 one second fuck。And then I walk up。' time。't You don't have time。 What does it even mean。

 So he doesn't have to make logical sense。 Just starts spitting shit。

 It's like the words don't matter。 You just want to communicate as effectively and as fast as possible。

 the type of guy you are through the vibe。That's it。 That's what reaching that hook point is。

 The words， don't worry about it。 It's better if you just mumble shit。

 So she gets to experience you then say nothing。Big on the open。 where you like， hey， stop。

 what does that mean， Miami Su， what fish， Hey， shit like that。 That is better than， hey。

Are in running out of shit to say， fucking machine gun that shit， by the way。Live in the now。

 by the way， glasses， live in the now， something I find funny， reel her in。Nice to meet。

Are you really from Serbia。I'm from Moscow。That。Last night F lived though， it's quite shit。 Yeah。

 it was shit。You don't live here， huh？Yeah， here。Why would you not live as social， No。

 tonight I'm probably going to do story， I think。This is my sister。My saakca。Saak I know my subba，ba。

Wait， so what was your name， like Sabaca's dog， I know。Are you from New York？S down， 25 social。

 I am from there。So come back， come back， come back， come back。Offer， check this out， check this out。

 And then you still have to like， notice a little common theme between these。

 You still have to be like， come back。Like tell her， because otherwise， you know。

 you take that responsibility offer of it for her and say me like， hey， Chinatown， come back。

 come back， come back。Come back， I'll tell you if you come back。

you I live right next to the 25 social。I live in Westlo so this is good。

 boom he starts walking with her。Since guy， really。よくてボル game。Tryries to stop her。

She does actually a bit。But you can sense eventually， shes she's not going stay here。

 It's kind of like， it's better to just walk with。Do you live in Miami right now？

But you are from Sweden？Re， my friends's from Alaska and today， ice cream。It's the ice cream。Thanks。

 I remember you。Little little dove， little dove。Li du。You would never。这算你的。吧。It's like， boom。

 girls walking with her friend， Walk right。 So you from Miami， by the way。

 Is it really you from Miami， by the way。Are you from Miami or France？

Just shaking my hand and then have to go， where where are you from？Ft， Brazil。So发了 where。Wei。Me too。

 friends。Now， once again， when you're walking。You gotta give it time for her to like one。

 realize she's been opened and get drawn in。 She doesn't know that I'm cool yet。Okay。

And it's also important to understand with like walking sets， like。

 let them know why you're stopping them either in the vibe， if you want to amplify。

 like shake her hand because Lo goes like， who' the fuckest guy， What does he want， Oh。

 he wants to meet me， Co。 Let her know why you're there versus just like mum， you know。

 rambling shit。 So you're like， shake my hand。 where are you from， France。啊，说那糜烂。

Nice to meet as what are you telling to。Asia。喂。St。No。

 where are you from just two minutes stop's up two minutes， I just got here yesterday。

 do you guys live here or no？No， I don't fucking something Also every time like two minutes stop。

 I keep it talking。 I'm like， two minutes stop silence。Like if I realized you wouldn't。Re why'。

 you're opening her。Most girls， like guys get rejected when they stop walking sets because they think the guy's homeless or trying to solicit her for something。

It's like， what does he want， It's like if you're walking down the street and someone stops you。

 our defaults like。Keep walking。Unless you guys stop and talk to everyone who stops you。

 like because most guys just stop you，'s like， do you want to sign this？ do you have money， I'm here。

 I'm opening you to meet you， not to sell you on something， not to ask you for money， to meet you。

 And the handshake kind of helps consolidate that， too you。I don't want something。

 I'm not like some little restaurant guy。That's why I even heard her。 She's like。

 well what do you want， I'm like， I don't want something with the fuck girl no。I I'm visiting。

 I just got here yesterday， so I was wondering you live here now？We are kind vacation。

But long vacation， we have some stuff in here。 We're not from Rome， right。

Good because I was the only place I've been in Italy and everyone was too short。And Brown。

Where is she from Russia I'm from Kiyiv。I'm not。But I know a little bit。Swiss， originally Jeanff。

So the French part。But but I have a perfect American accent， usually I'm like George Bush。

 is not Russia I know it's Ukraine。But I'm just too American， I'm really not that smart。

What are you guys doing right now？Did you ever go to that bar？

Someone said it's up there or something。It's not， it's not like a building。

You don't know if it's good then what do you recommend for an afterwork bar on the street so sketch like you know that building there is there's a bar I think of there？

If you're old enough。She's not。How old are you， really？Really wide，18。Easy， are you。No。

 little bit older。I just turned 18。 It's my birthday。

 Why are you fucking Why are you never believing。 I'm serious。 I'm 18。 And look， slowly。

 they start boom reacting， reeling in， especially this one where I kind of do like that inside joke。

 like I'm 18。 She's like， no， he's。 I like， why are you doing this。

 Like Targ But plowing through once again， it's not this way you doing something different or more。

 It's just pretty much endurance And in like stay through that awkward phase because even in this open。

 theres a little awkward phase where we stop。 And it's like。😊，So。And they're giving you nothing。

And they will block it off at times， too， to see how you react。 It's like。

 what if I block it off and give him nothing， Does he squirm， Does he freak out。

 Does he need something from me， Is he trying to take something from me。And if you're truly not。

 then you will't mind it。 if you're trying to take， then you will squirm and freak out。

So they will do that， just keep fuckinging making yourself feel good， law three。还人な。

You can be younger than me。I am 18， I don't have it on me because I forgot my wallet。He， look。

 I can do it。 It's true。 Okay， my birthday is not today， but it was yesterday， I'm 18。I。

 that's why I'm here for my birthday。 This is my friend， by the way。

 You really don't believe me when I need much。 What your name Put。 I am Giovanni。😊，The open。

 I live in the now， check this out。I live in the now。Where are you from New York New Jersey， sure。

No big deal。 again， me just doing my thing。 She's like， New York， New York makes me think of Jersey。

 I'm like， Jersey， shore， no big deal。 sit in 98。 How do you guys know each other。

 I'm actually in L you from L cool But I love this like。😊，It's not， its。 Are you a spring break。

It's my first time like on a vacation without my parents they mean my uncle come me Are you serious then little joke Yeah。

 it's my first on vacation without my parents， my uncle came with me， like to Owen how old are you？

Really， you2 What's your name Julia Really， my name is Bernard Bernard。It's not Japan a lot。

 I don't believe thats。No， my real name is actually Julian， Julian， that's true。So much in common。

 We both have iPhones。 Oh my god， do you guys just get here no No I don' How long you sing for speak。

What about yell near。I leave Monday， actually。Yeah， I hate Miami though so far。

 minutes really from I like the dry weather originally Switzerland by the vanilla。in New York。

 so there was like a floor vort yeah， yeah， not as bad as Chicago though。I know about that。

 but you guys came here and it's like， yeah， it's amazing。

How do you know each since we were like's we're from the same town I put peanut butterry。

For someone else。Delano tonight Delano Oh we heard about that That's our It's super cool。

 There's like a nice pool area with like a bar end That's really， really good。

 The guide our hotel was like you should go there。Delanno， yeah， it's cool or SlS。

I never heard any of these voice。You would probably not get into SLS so you should go to Deo。

It's hard to get。He's like， why I'm like。Yeah。It's not that you're not cool enough。

 just not socially advanced。What的な。this right。It's like， walk this way then。Ins traffic， Ins traffic。

 adventurous。没 sure。A。P welcome to Miami。你거。what is what's her name Okay so some examples of walking sets。

 you can stop them。 You can walk with them， just be aware。 And again。

 your goal is not to keep them where you open them。 Get in the habit of walking with。

 if you're only trying to stop you're missing out a lot of opportunity and remember to。

 the concept of plowing。 Just keep expressing who you are。 Keep the check this out。 So at one point。

 there'll be enough data for her to get drawn in。 And your goal is to inspire her to get drawn in。

 not to pull her in。😊。