# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：3.练习：练习4 - 更善于表达【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

We're going to app up a little bit the range of expressiveness here。 as you heard me say。

 a lot of my game is in subcommunics， facial expressions。 and in this exercise， okay。

 we're going to do let's do groups of four again。I'm going to go， we're going to go one by one。 Okay。

 just like switch， and I'm going to give you a situation， something to communicate。

And you're going to have to communicate that to the three other guys without talking。Okay， so。

Say right now as an example， I could have you do it， communicate to the group without talking。

You went to the grocery store and they were out of carrots and you're now upset about that。Go。Okay。

They're out of carrots， you're upset。O。Out of carrots， you're upset。Okay。

 now what I like about this exercise is it really shows you。Like your range of expressiveness。 Okay。

 because there are two， let's say， channels of communication。 There's the words。

 and then there's this shit。A lot of my game is focused on this。 Okay。

 and you can kind of see like right now， if you all do it， most of you are probably gonna be。

You were okay。 You were pretty good。 You guys were kind of okay。 It's like most of you are just like。

Carrots。Instead of being like。Like feel like that， there's a lot more range。

I want you guys to kind of expand that range。 You know said just be like。 it's like。Like that。

 I want the fucking range， you combine that with the words golden。😡，Okay。

 so I'm going to give you some of these situations。 And I really want you to go all out。

 You can't talk， but I want range。 I want passion， emotion in。That underlying layer of communication。

Okay， so groups of four， when you do it， you'll express it to the group。

You'll do this like 10 seconds。 Then I yell the next situation， and you switch guys。

 You switch guys every time。 Okay， so first one。😊，啊。

You're walking down a street and an old lady just spat on you。Go 10 seconds， communicate it。Okay。

 now just pause with you， notice， all you're doing is this。 Instead， it's like a like。

😀Like shit like that。 It's like， come on， man， make it fun， make it expressive。

 Make the guys like sucked into it， go。😊，Okay， try again。 She's just spat on you， making good。Okay。

 full out like mine shit。 exaggerate at all。Good next one。 Sw， guys。 You're at the airport。

 You missed your plane and you're crying， you're upset。 You'll never see your girlfriend again。

For some reason。ここと。Okay。Good。Next one， you just realized you lost all your money。 communicate it。

All your money gone。Put your body into it more。 It's like， you should be moving like fucking crazy。

 like all out。😡，You lost the money， right。Next one， you just had sex with Jessica Alba， go。こち。す。

😀Yeah。Yeah like。😀Yeah。Hi， next one。You're playing a really cool video game。And you're really into it。

 like full nerd into it。Next one， you're working out。 You're really into your workout， go。

Like really into it， like the most intense work you've done in your life。嗯。Next one。

 you're falling in love。Whatever it is， you're falling in love right now。

 the feelings of loves taken over。All right， last one。

 you pick it and you make the other three guys find out what the fuck it is， Go。😡，II think。Frain。

And you guys guess it， the three guys have to fucking guess what it is。老歌。まね。one。で要。Yeah。Your work。

Hey， okay。😊，Good。😊，So this one here， I just like bringing attention to that。 Okay。

 when I'm talking to girls， I'm operating on both。