# 06、朱利安 《满分游戏》：4.实战分解：实战2-索取价值 Infield 2 - Taking Value【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

What about taking value， What if you're not on top of it， And this here。It's probably。You know。

95% of most guys' interactions。And what you'll see is it's not。I mean， I don't succeed。

 but it's not an immediate rejection either。Okay， so I'll play through this one and just be aware of the difference in the vibe。

 And same as before， I'll question you on like， what did you notice， What did you feel。

 Don't zoned in so much on the doing。Well you'll notice about the doing is funny enough。

 It's pretty similar to the shit I would do in that previous interaction or stuff that I would do when I'm in the zone。

Except it's different。🎼In what way it's coming from a different place。 I think I have one more one。

No。🎼你这样的。だ。🎼And， why。Why are you not coming？Make I better know you are you from Olo？🎼Are you a tro。

🎼Are you a fucking girl。🎼아끄러워요。Control。Hello。I saw that movie today， Pearl Hunter。

 so I'm all inspired。I'm looking for trolls。 I'm a troll motor。要来跟早。好个。So what's your name？

给你 me Julia。Are you really from Ozo a B again？Are you from Brigen or Oslo？人。Do you love it， hate it。

Does you love it or hate it？🎼So you are this Swedish。🎼啊8了。🎼So you are far w science come。

🎼I know a little bit。 Okay， I know。Hi， let me know if you understand it how good the answer is。

🎼But else the next weekend。 that was great。🎼It good I it bad or bad。🎼Is it betterfa or spider。

🎼Bford and since the picture Victor Bri。🎼I love it。 Have you ever been to Saong。🎼Maybe other two。W。

If you added choose include like Sweden or Norway， what would you choose？

Have you ever traveled to America？Have you ever traveled anywhere outside of Scandinavia？

Where Africa。Are you a， are you a fan of Alexanderscot？🎼Are you a fan of the actor， Alexander Spsco。

🎼How old are you？What if， okay， what if。Just so far， what are you gonna notice any difference。

Even in terms of watching it， it's not that engaging。 You don't feel like as part of it is before。

 And here's what's interesting of the 15 minutes。 This girl doesn't reject me。Pretty weird。

 She tolerates me for 15 minutes， why。Because I'm not doing horribly。Like， what's our alternative。

 She's there with a friend who's talking some dude。

 She could be a third wheel to her female friend with that guy or listen to me。Not that bad， but。

Not enough for her to say， w to fuck me。 Those are those interactions where you'll talk to a girl。

 and you probably all experienced them。 He talked to them for like a bit。 And they're like。

 so can I have your number， no。I have to go to bathroom。 Oh， I have a boyfriend。I don't have a phone。

 And it just goes nowhere。This is like the hell。 And that's I'm saying。

95% of the interactions of most guys。 You're putting all this effort。 You're holding the set。

 but nothing's happening。Let's just say you had to choose。

You can either say there's like a gun to your head if you have to either kill a cow or a fish。

 what's somebody really killed？The cow of the fish。W's order to kill power fish。

Which one's life is more valuable？🎼我们赚。🎼The atmosphere is car。Nice little Instagram。It's like a pony。

🎼You have a dog。I hate dogs。Is that your dog what's his name？No， else， this supposed to fight。

 you's supposed to fight for me， but。🎼Yeahah fuck。What's different？I'll come pen it What else。

 describe it。 Okay， the questions I like you pointed out， But how be careful， though。

 because that's on the doing。 Okay， another little subtlety to keep in mind is I can ask questions while offering value。

My whole game could be asking questions and offering value how。In the sub communicationmunations。

 Okay， notice the difference。 Where are you from， What do you do， What about this。

 I'm trying to take。 like， so where are you from。reallyally， what do you do？Oh， awesome。

 Where what do you， What's up， How's it going。Giving in the vibe。Although superficially， logically。

 it's a question。Okay， so， yeah， there's a lot of questions。

 And the big key here is all those questions we're trying to take。 I'm like， do you speak Sw。

 What about this， What about this， What about this。Okay， I'm trying to get those good reactions to。

You know， validate or prove that I'm not down here。 I can be up here becauseuse in this interaction。

 I feel down here。 I'm in scarcity。 I'm trying to take。 I'm like。

 give me those good give me versus the other one。 I'm already abundant。 And the other one。

 if that blonde girl， like the photo girl left， would I feel any difference。No， in this situation。

 the girl leaves， how do I feel fuck。That's how you can tell if you're really coming from offering value or taking value。

If you feel a dip。Youre expecting to get something and you didn't get it。

 If you already have everything， it doesn't matter。What else。You're asking questions。

 trying to get her to invest more than you're investing why I'm investing a lot。

 but it's more like I'm just trying to take。 you know， it's like， what else？I like this kind。Yeah。

Yep， that's very important， too， is all this stuff in this interaction。

 It'd be stuff that I would actually say when I'm in the zone。 You know， like I'd love like saying。

 oh， you know， I this in Swedish。 But here it's like， there's a different agenda behind it。

 It's a little bit forced us。 And yeah， I'm trying to like。

 use what I would say in the zone It like a technique。😊，To get those reactions。

 So it's no longer pure expression。 It's manipulative。What else。I saw that。

 I think it was the girl who hugged her later was her friend。 When you walked by her。

 that even the look on her face， it was kind of weird toward you。 and just like energy wise。

 like feeling something off you。 Yeah， kind like， like just agenda based。It seemed like a more rigid。

 not like carefree。 Y， a lot more tense in the body language， a little bit more jittery。

 little bit more reactive， a lot less at ease and grounded， not carefree at all。Yeah。Yeah。

 just kind of off balance， I'd say。 And the other one is's like。At ease， hey， mess it around。

 It's fun。 It's real。 It's authentic here。 It's kind of like。

 I like I'm off balance trying to take feeling down here。 It's rigid。 It's a little bit forced。

 And again， this is just， it doesn't go anywhere。😊，Okay， and these are the little subtleties。

 These are the nuances that the girls look at while you're talking to them。 They。

 They care more about this than the words or the actions。And you can really really， like。

 see it in the video。 It's like the actions and words。

 the shit I say all the time when I'm in the zone。But it's something else is different。

 It's the vibe。 What'll get in your way。 Well you just point out the fact that we think that guys who are advanced at this are never in their heads either。

So then as soon as you're in your head， you feel like shit， you're like， fuck。

 I'm sucking compared the advanced guys who never get in their head。You know。Mi， yeah，Exactly。Yeah。

 it's like all these like high standards。 we played like， I need to do all this， this， This。

 It's like， no， it's like， I'm still in my head every once in a while。 I still。

 I'd get rejected all the time。 And with rejection， you should get rejected becauseuse， you know。

 if you're authentically putting yourself out there， not every girl is gonna relate。You know。

 that's just the way things are。 That's nature。 It's weird If you get along with every girl。

 The only way to do that would be to put on a front and compromise。

Realness and feeling good because you're putting on a front。So， yeah， again。

 you have to be realistic here。 It's like。I fuck up。 I get shoved in my head。

The goal here is not to reach this， you know， fantasy reality of just perfection at all times。It's。

To go out。 And like， again， this one makes it human， too。

 The fact you do fuck up an interaction I fuck up as well， like， say some shit。 And the girl's like。

 yeah， or I'll say some I' something boring。 It goes kind of a little bit boring。

 That makes it fun overall。 Like the girlss always looking at the bigger picture。😊，That's it。 Well。

 the big thing blocking me in that one was attachment to the outcome。

That's usually attachment to the outcome in general。 Those will kind of block you again。

 where you' just really needing something。 So if you take the first interaction。

 I'm like merging girls。 So what does that mean， I have like a few girls I'm talking to。

 even if one leaves。I still got to。 So I'm mean， you know。

 I created a situation of abundance to outside of myself， but。Beyond that， too。I didn't really care。

 You know， I didn't need the girl to stay there。 It was also the beginning of the night。

 which helped this one here。 It's the end of the night。

 The situation with this girl is it's the end of boot camp。

 the way I end boot camp is I end it before the clubs close。

 So it gives guys the opportunity to pull。 And then we debrief the next day。

 So two of the guys pulled。 one guy still there。 I'm there。 I got the camera on me。 And suddenly。

 instead of being like， yeah， fun throughout the night。 I'm like， you know what。😊。

What do I want to do， Do want to stay out， Do I want to get a pull。

I got the camera out this is in Oslo。 Girl are fucking stunning。

I guess I could get a little pull on infield。 I'd be pretty sick。Yeah， a little pull infield。

 You know what， I probably feel。Better about tonight。

 if I got this pool on infield than if I didn't get the pool on infield。That's when you're done。

 I'd feel better if。Then。Oh， you know， I， I kind of。

Kind of need this pool on infield now to make this night a success。

