# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：04、执行：2.量测与校对【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Welcome back。 It's me and Alicia again。 And in this section here。

 I want to show you one of the most important things that you need to know when you start interacting with girls。

 It's called calibration because if you don't know how to do this thing。

 or how to be a person that can pretty much do the right thing at the right time。

 You usually will end up having extremely fluff interactions。

 There's not gonna to be any polarity in there or you're gonna be on the other spectrum where you just doing way too much。

 you look like a try hard。 you alienating people。 and the girls like， look。

 I thought this guy was cool， but why is he like pushinging so hard。

 kind of like trying to accelerate the interaction way too fast。

 doesn't have any empathy And it comes across in a way that you're actually a guy who was pretty insecure。

😊，Because you're trying to move things forward way too fast。Now。I want to give you a quick analogy。

 because the way that。Calibration works is that you do two things。

 You either are putting pressure on or you putting or taking pressure off。 So pressure on。

Pressure off。Now imagine you have a car and you want to drive from wherever you are through the supermarket。

And in this car， you only have an accelerator， really you be able to like get to the destination that you want to get to in the most effective and efficient way。

 If you only have an accelerator without crashing， pretty much impossible。

What if you only had a break though， Like the only thing you could do is just like。

 press the brake or like， put your foot on the brake。 You just wouldn't even move anywhere。

 and you're gonna end up in the friend zone regarding girls， right。

 So that's not really the way to do it either。 You need to have that balance。

 when you're standing still and there's a lot of room。 you want to go and accelerate。

 If you're about to hit a wall。 Maybe it's the best thing to just， you know， press the brake。

 Put your foot on the brake for a second。So the girl can relax and see that。

 this guy actually has empathy。 He doesn't just want to do what he wants to do。 Plus。

 he understands how I feel， which makes me feel much more safe than if he's just trying to accelerate。

 especially when it's about to hit a wall。 And that's what he see happen with a lot of guys when it's like。

 it's kind of like going well。 Like they're doing one thing， right， like the comment or having fun。

 They might be a little bit challenging。 They might be teasing you。😊，And then after a while。

 the girl's like， oh yeah， this is cool。 But then after a while， she's like， whoa，'。

 it's getting too much。 and he's like， whoa， shit。It's not working anymore。

 well I guess I got to add it up。I guess like how to do more of this one thing instead of actually just doing the opposite because you might you start getting trained that you do one thing。

 you get a good reaction now you're not getting the good reaction im more thing you need to just do more of this one thing that has given you a good reaction at that point but no no no no no。

 you need to understand where the interaction is at and then at another point you want to take that pressure off okay and teaching seminars all around the world the one thing。

That has really had the biggest impact on most guys interactions with girls was this concept of actually taking the pressure off at the right moment。

 Okay， that pretty much can make an interaction that would just go and burn after five minutes。

 go into a relationship that is intimate with a girl or you can keep seeing her that can actually lead。

You into a place where you don't have that feeling of fuck， I don't know what to do anymore。

 and it can be that one little add on that can change everything。So how do we actually do this。

 how do we put the pressure on and the pressure off， there's basically two ways of doing that。

 one is verbal， the other one is nonverbal。Verbal means what do you say。

 like what's the content of your words， taking the pressure off will be saying something like， hey。

 don't I interrupt you or。One of my favorites。Because it kind of like puts the ball in her court to then tell you if something is too much。

 is telling her that， oh you know， people from my country they're really confident。

 so if I'm being too much， you just got to let me know because I want to make sure that you feel comfortable。

And I mean that like genuinely， like if a girl would like feel uncomfortable， right。

 I'm not just like saying that as a line。 I truly believe and feel that。

 And she can feel if I feel this， right， girls are like the biggest like B S fucking detectors in the world。

 I genuinely actually feel that because I want to make her feel comfortable And I want to give her that easy way out if something's too much for her because some girls might be much more comfortable with a lot of things and other girls that just kind of like started going out or have never met a guy before。

 They're like， whoa， what's happening and they're still kind of like in this phase where they're very new to this。

So I want to make sure that every girl that I meet feels comfortable as I give it that kind of like。

That little way out when she also knows that even if she says something。

 I'm not gonna be pissed and I'm not gonna be annoyed by her， right， if I don't say anything。

 and she's like， oh， that's a little bit too much， I'm like， what do you mean is too much， right。

 She might feel that a guy could do that， even though that you should never do that。

 becauses like that's。Something that only a guy would do is insecure and overcompated。Now。

 a way to kind of like put the pressure on in a verbal way is talking about something more sexual。

 talking about something that's a little bit more polarizing。 Like she， for example。

 she she said that she might be from Byron Bay， right， And then do you like Byron Bay。So rightYes。

 yes。Like I actually do like a Byron Bay since it's like。It's an amazing place to like go surf。

 And it's like a hippie town。 And the barbe is very chill。 But if I want to like， you know。

 teaseer a little it， I'm like， really， I hate that place， which then。😊，She's like， fucky。

Which then polarizes the interaction a little bit。 And it makes it a little bit more interesting as if I'm just like agreeing with everything that you's saying。

 right， And you can literally do that with anything。 Which color do you like。Pink， pink。嗯。

Well I like pinknk too， that's the problem。Or like even that way。

 you can also like put the pressure on if you kind of like have the fun still going and make itself amusing。

 So with the pressure on， it's pretty much like pushing and pulling， like pushing her away。

 pulling her in， that's pressure on and just giving all the room that she needs to breathe。

 that is taking the pressure off。 Now， there's a couple of ways to also do it in a nonverbal way。

 First thing is， where are you squaring up。 like what's the position like， like right now。

 we were like both facing this way， squaring up means where are you shoulders pointing towards words。

 Now， if I'm turning my。😊，Oper body like this。I'm actually just sit like this。

Do you feel like slightly more pressure？But I didn't actually get closer。

 Like all I did is I just turn my body。Like this， because we all know wherever like we're pointing to words。

 that's we're kind of like。Your interest lies so even if you look at a guy in a club and he's like totally facing a girl like this。

 everyone in the club is like oh that guy's going for that girl but if you're just like sitting next to each other like this and you might even be like touching shoulders here so leaning in Lib。

And you might even be like touching shoulders， be actually closer than if I'm， let's say over here。

ButWhich one feels more pressure at this？Or when we're like this。

 it feels more pressure when you're facing me， feels more natural you just。

Sor of like the s touch or whatever exactly。Here actually we're actually putting pressure on with the proximity we're like touching。

 it's very easy to touch it like this， it doesn't come across weird as much as it would be to do like this kind of thing。

 right？And you might have seen that video that we put on a vimeo where I show you how you can like make this whole thing happen in a very。

 very natural way with her where I was pretty much like escalating without。

Putting too much pressure on。 but just to ride a mound。 And it's like。

 I don't know what's gonna happen。 And you could see that because it's something that we're like hardwired to feel。

 it actually like gets you going。 and it's something that you can't even fake because that's just like how we respond。

 right when we have that proximity because I'm a guy and she's a girl。 she will get excited。

 There's nothing you can do about it because that's like how we are like hardwired in our biology in our physiology。

 And then as you can already see， you can kind like play with it So you can put the pressure off with the way you're positioning yourself and you can put the pressure on with the way that you can of like touching here on the side。

Another way。You want to make sure you almost never do that。

 It's almost never a good reason for you to lean in， right because that。

That hovering feeling is something that usually like the girl feels usually smaller and she physically is。

 The guy usually feels bigger than he physically is。 So if you' like hovering over her like that。

 it doesn't really make her feel safe and it's kind of like putting energy in there。

 and the way to be able to tell that is kind of like as if you had a glass of water。And。

It would be extremely close to her head right now right here。 and I'm just holding it like this。

 Imagine it was like a glass over it's totally full。 And if it's very close to you， you're like，Well。

 there is some tension， but it's still dripping on me。 So it's kind of like， you know。

 what's gonna happen， It something could happen。 But I know if it will。 And then like， again。

 what we talked about internally， stuff starts to happen。But if I'm starting to do this， you。

 you start getting wet and you're like， well， and you move out。Instinctively。

 because you don't want to get wet from like the water。 and it's yeah。You guys are just， you know。

 naughty minds because you don't want to get it awayt from the water。 So she's gonna move out of it。

 And you also kind of like this like pouring your energy into her way too much。

 So what do you want to do is you want to have your stance kind of like on your heels So you can be close。

 I can even talk to your ear while I'm still kind of like leaning back instead of doing this type of thing。

 right This is， this is would you say this is。Like this or like this。

 there's a difference because there's more in between us as well， like because your hands are there。

 it doesn't feel as open。Yeah， but it was the exact same like distance actually。

 like I wasn't closer or anything， my head was the exact same distance， right？嗯。

Then another way to put the pressure on and off is with your eye contact。

So what you can do is when you want to take the pressure off because she might be like a little bit。

Con or she hasn't met you before， so she's like oh what's happening one thing you want to make sure though is that you keep the eye contact。

 especially when you start talking to a girl like if I like would walk up。

 I walk up and I'm like oh hey， how's it going it's like。It feels very off， right。

 So you don't want to take the pressure off by like looking away。

 but you can have a normal look or you can have a more intense look。

I actually wanted to just forget all the lights， For everything that's here。 and just like。

Look into my eyes and then just tell me how it feels。Feels like you're very focused on me。

 like there's no distractions， which is a good thing。

 That's what you want for them to be focused on you。Yeah， cause a bit more pressure。

 like you feel like something may come from this because you。Very direct。In seriously。

 you puts that much pressure。 You just like， like， I feel like I have to look away because I'm like。

Too much， like not too much， too much， but like。The pressure， you just feel。Ppression。

Presed in what way。In like the seriousness。You just like。

So this for the amount of time you just feel like。Like， should I still be。But again。

 we're not touching。 No， like we're not touching anywhere， not even like really screwaring up to her。

 All I do is like look into her eyes。 Now， this was like。

 I want to demonstrate how much you can actually do， but just。Is it you can smile。 I can't。 try not。

You can't help it。 Like you just feel like。I don't know。 I don't know。You can't explain it。

Does it feel also almost a little bit like。New because。It kind of breaks。

would you say you can't really hold the guard up？Yeah。A lot more。I say the word intimate。

 but you feel like you， you do， you're more open for eye contact。How does that make you feel？In here。

 not in here， wanted。Like， maybe like。Special in， in a certain kind of way。

 cause you're not looking around at other girls， checking other girls out。

 You'd just be looking at me， which is like，Like， it feels nice。Now it's being real。

 now we're actually coming out。Yeah。Yeah。Becauseuse a little of。Because a lot of girls。

 they don't want to let that out。Right。Because they're afraid because they're like。Fuck。

 I feel like my guard's being broken here and I've not felt this way before and he's not even doing much。

And the same week。But how does it feel like it's just like？Relax。It's less。喂嗯。Yeah。😊。

Because it's beautiful when you let your femininity out， and now you do。

Because otherwise sometimes you can't。Because you don't know what's going to happen。

 you got to make sure that you get shit done。I can't。 I can't keep it because I just feel like。

I don't even know。Explain it。You must feel cared for Like， does that sound weird。

 You just it feel like。I feel safe， like。I don't know， yeah。Safe， car and。Focused on， like。

So you feel that you're seeing。Do you feel understood？In a way， yes。嗯。Do you feel safe？

Cause those are like three things。That。A girl wants to feel。Justose to feel seen。

She wants to feel understood。And she wants to feel safe。One of those things are not there。

Then she's going to have to be masculine。And test the guy。To bring it out of him。Very true。

It's amazing how just looking to someone's eyes can make you feel like。Safe and。All those things。

But I still， in my mind， I'm like， what are you thinking， Like， I， I would still want to know。

 because it's like。I don't know。 just what are you thinking because it looks like you are thinking something like with your eyes like you like。

Let keep breathing。 It seems like you're thinking something。So， I would still test。

How would you test？Just by asking。I'm like what are you thinking？What am I thinking？I'm thinking。

I love you， I'm going to worship you， and I'm going to take care。off you。Forever。

If someone said that， you'd be like， okay， marry me。If。

 if you felt and if you also felt those things that someone genuinely cared about you and wanted to。

Wor if you will love you， your dislike。I'm yours。That's it。 Just feeling those things， nothing。

 nothing else would matter。That's beautiful now you're really letting it out。

This takes a lot of courage because it makes you a little bit vulnerable as well。And now you see。

 this is the more of the masculine。This is more defemmin。 That's how it's got to be。

 It' got have that have polarity。Because the masculine， if you're really in a strong state， you know。

 like laughing and stuff like that， but the girl is usually laughing and no。Yeah， no。Well， yes。

 obviously， I'm like， laughing can't keep eye contact its。I feel silly， Like。

 I feel stupid because like you。You just， I feel like maybe once you have。

Knocked that away that maybe you do feel a bit vulnerable。 And you're just like。No。

 like and maybe try and put it back up， but you don't want to because it feels nice not to。

You just sort of let things go， how they're going to go。There she's back。

I love how you're switching back and forth。 Yes， see， I like you。 You go in out and you're like， oh。

 I can let myself go。 No， no， I can't。 I I still can't trust。

 And now you go back and you go in and out。😊，But I don't because I， yeah， like I said。

 I feel silly for be smiling。 So that's why I'm like。No， like。

 I don't want to feel silly for smiling and seeing normal， but。So I guess that's why。い out。😔。

It's not silly。It's silly to try to like。Not let yourself out。

But it's understandable and a lot of girls do that。So if a guy does what I'm doing right now。

 which is like， look at you and say those three things。A girl actually be like， whoa， what this is。

I mean， not right away when you first meet someone， but yes。Lake。

She might actually feel like I feel like my guard is being broken and that makes her feel a little bit unsafe because she might not know the guy in。

 right？So。When's the last time someone looked at you like this？嗯。How does this happen a lot？

I feel like。I contact is made。 And after a while of， of dating someone。

 they'll start to look at you like that。 And like， that's when you know， you're like， all right。

 like I've got their attention。 They want me not。In a。Superficial way。

 that they actually want to be with you because they are looking at you with with the eyes is what me and my friends call it like they give you the eyes。

 But I would say with my ex be the last time that it happened And you know。

 you just sort of catch you off guard。 It wouldn't be in a planned moment that you just sort of be doing something And then you look at you like that。

 and it would just sort of make you melt because it it does。 Itll just completely。

 let's makes you let your guard down and you。stay yourself， I suppose and be happy。

So that's just why it feels weird because I'm like it， yeah。

ItDoesn't happen often for someone to look at you like that。

It's connected to feelings that are that are stronger feelings or that you like the safe feelings that it's not going to happen to everyone that you meet straight away。

So it's， yeah。It's good。 It's a good thing。But do believe that what I'm doing right now that this is genuine。

 or you think I'm just doing this to demonstrate something。 I think you're doing just to demonstrate。

 Of course。 So yous still kind of like。It's not real real， yeah。Not real， real。

 but it still feels nice。 And like。Even in this sort of situation， like it still makes you， you know。

 get a little in your heart， but you still know that it's not like a real thing。

 but it still makes you no smile and feel nice。😊，Even if you don't really know the person like it still feels nice。

 It might not be as， as serious of a， of a thing， but it still feels nice。Because for me。For me。

 it's important that like every girl feels safe， and I do this with every girl。

And I genuinely feel this。Because I want to make sure that you're safe and I really like pretty much love every girl in a way where I just want to make sure that。

She's not being taken advantage of she's safe。And she's being worshiped because that's what brings that little girl out。

Right。I love how you going back and forth if it's so cute。 No。It's very beautiful， it's beautiful。

You're the most beautiful right like this right now。Really。How would it be different from。

I look the same all the time。Really。There you go。I。

 I would just have thought that I would look the same all the time that if I'm beautiful and beautiful。

 if I'm not， I'm not like not gonna matter how I。Im acting or how I'm feeling as to how you beautiful you mean as like a personal as visually or just visually。

 but like as a person， I suppose like when you get to know someone and they're like you know like that you feel like arent they're such a beautiful person but just just from looks。

😊，Now when I look at you like this。Do you care。Like。Like once you go back and you're feminine。诶。

ThereTo go。Would you care how much money I have or how exactly I look or if I have a six or an eight pack？

Like I said before， legitimately nothing else matters， nothing。😊，You could have nothing。哦。You know。

 being less than an average attraction attractive。嗯。

It it really wouldn't matter cause for us and for me。It's all from the heart it。

 It has got nothing to do with。Anything else。And I feel like moist goes lot that。

When they're their feminine， yeah， yeah。Not putting their guard up of any this or that。

 like when they're working with their mind， they might put up guidelines or expectations of someone But once they let themselves just feel how they feel in it。

Then none of those things matter。I like you。 Green eyes。Thank you。Don compliment me。

 I know what you're doing。Yeah， I have all the tricks right this guy I can't trust。

The thing is like as I said， I'm not going to do stuff anyway for like the next two months。

Because I need to like we need to get this done。We' just be France。Me just yeah。

 can't help them still feel like oh yeah， like looking at me like。

Which is I coffee and let me I look at you and that's all we do。😀Ha。😊。

There is no talking just that's a bit weird。😊，But how would it feel like if you just forget all the social conditioning。

 everyone would they tell you what it would have to do， you would just sit there like this？

For a longer time， and you're just like。I feel like。

It's got to go on and off for me or like it can't just No for sure stare at you。

 I went off for sure How long you like。No， maybe for sure， yeah。

But you would say there's also a lot of things happening。

And he pretty much said this is the only thing that you ever need。 Yeah。

 now I would not have to touch you。 I would not have to say something special。 Don't buy me anything。

 You don't need to do anything。 Just， yeah， just look at you like this， yeah。这表。

Isn't that interesting？H， something to think about， right？

Because we all make it so complicated and we all think we have to become the freaking emperors of the world and have the aid pack and have a million dollars and buy her a car。

All he got to do is。In the right way。 and then once。

She trusts you enough because she needs to have some trust。And she can let herself out there。

 she can actually put her real personality out there， even though she was hurt in the past。

How she's here。Ashley is here。Alicia， I' sorry。Yeah。😊，死了。Alicia。Alicia。So。

That's really all they have to do at times。 right， I actually， I wasn't even planning this。Yeah know。

I wanted to say see how you can put that pressure on and off。

