# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：03、内外Game：1.快乐与痛苦【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

What would be the best way that we could start off this entire section about your mindset about what's happening internal with you so that you can make sure that the number one reason that stops you from going out there。

 getting the type of girl that you want to have？That usually stops most people， which is you。

Doesn't stop yourself anymore， because we are usually the ones that are actually in our way the most。

 even though sometimes it feels like it's something external。 if you， for example。

 think about a girl just walking down the mall by herself。

 and you see her walking down there or she's sitting in a Starbucks or reading a book in some bookstore。

What's stopping you from actually just walking over there and starting a conversation。

 nothing really， right， It's just like girl standing there， you here by yourself。

There's no army of romance that's going to kill you if you just go up and start talking to that girl。

 she hasn't even given you a bad sign or anything， but you don't want to do it why because you have the anticipation of pain。

And you don't think it's gonna lead to a lot of pleasure。

 So it's kind of like a little intro to what I want to talk about right now here。

 something that I that you can call， if it's like in a negative sense。

 you can call it craving and aversion。 We always want to。

 we always crave things and we always have aversion towards the things that we don't like states that are that feel unhappy or that we anticipate would be unhappy and unsurable states。

And to call it more neutral and something that you probably can relate to even better。

 we just call it pain and pleasure。All of your actions are driven by these two things。

 avoiding that pain and gaining that pleasure。 So I don't want to go into like some hype stuff that has no like this positive thinking thing that has no kind of like roots in reality and be like。

 don't worry， man， you know， even if you're if you're a beast and you don't feel good and you're not living a great life。

 and you are emotionally very poor。 don't worry， just start thinking positive。

 And it's all gonna to solve itself。 Okay， I'm not， I'm not a supporter of just thinking positive。

 I'm more of a realistic type of guy。 So I'm gonna to show you real reasons why you are already ready to actually take that next next step。

 Also one being that you're listening to me right now。What？😮，Percentage。Of the population。

 do you think is listening to me right now， That's listening to me in this video。 It's probably like。

 I don't know， point0 point whatever， because so little people are actually ready to take。

Ownership of their situation and take it to the next level。

 So that's already a reason right here that you have that you can actually realize， well。

 I'm already doing this。 I'm not like everyone。 I'm definitely not like average。 I'm above that。

And because of this decision， I will also have the。

AilCon the availability by like the ability to go even further。 Allright， so pain。And pleasure。

No hype stuff。But the reality that's kicking in all the time。 Every moment。

 every single thing you pretty much do is based on these two forces。 And it's a huge topic。

 And right now， I just want to get to the core of it。 Make sure you understand it so we can apply it。

 I will be referring to this again and again， because it's an extremely strong foundation from which we can then kind of like jump off to understand all the things that we're about to get into。

 Alright， So as I said， everyone does something because they either。😊。

Want to gain pleasure and they want to avoid pain。What if we do something。

That might lead to pleasure， or it might lead to pain。 We don't know。 Like， for example。

 going up and talking to a girl that you don't know yet。You know， you might walk up。

She might give you the reaction you want。Paint and then you get pleasure。

You might walk up and she might not give you the reaction that you want and you feel pain， right。

 she might not talk to you straight away， which you know people call rejection。

 which we'll get into in the next video。But， there's this anticipation。

Now your brain is going to make a decision on if it should actually take action on that thought of like。

 let's talk to this girl， for example。By evaluating how much pleasure do I attach to this experience and how much pain do I attach to this experience。

 And if you don't have a lot of experience yet， it always。😊。

Choooses to avoid pain twice as much as it would want to gain pleasure。 Just think about this。

 Imagine you'd have $10000。 What would you work harder for to actually。Keep。

These $10000 and keep someone from stealing that from you if you already have it。

 or let's say you wouldn't have it。 And you would work for those $10000。 What。

 which one would you work harder for， Usually people。

 they would work harder to keep the $10000 from being stolen because theyre already kind of like own it。

 and it's painful， whereas the other thing is like the anticipation of gain。

 They wouldn't do as much for， Very interesting， And know they did experiments where they like change the amount of money。

 Which one would you do more for， And they found out it's about twice as much。

 So we always tend to not take action on something that could lead to pleasure。

 if you could also lead to pain。 The thing is， though， that we all have rules。 Okay。

 we all have rules， When do I experience pleasure。 When do I experience pain。 Some people。

 They just say， you know what。I'm successful， and I'm happy when I wake up in the morning and。😊。

And I can see， for example， Okay， weird rules that。All of us have。

 but only a smaller percentage is actually aware of them。 So that guy might have the rule of like。

 I stand up。 I wake up， and I can just stand up and I open my eyes。

 and I can see things that makes me happy because like what's。

 what's the probability of actually being alive， Like having all these molecules and atoms like kind of like be put together in this crazy cold universe where it's like pretty much almost no space where you could live at least from all the things that we know so far。

 Like， we only know of our own planet where there's actually like live on。😊。

How big is the chance that would even happen。 So I should just be grateful for every single moment that I have that I have consciousness and that I actually can experience things。

 Other people be like， well， if I want to be happy， I need to have 10 girlfriends。

 I need to have 100 billion。 And then that's not happening。 Then I'm not happy。

 They have all these rules that have to be in place。 So they always feel that pain as well。

 when they， for example， when it comes down to meeting girls， same thing。

 They're gonna be evaluating， if something's pleasurable or painful by the rules that I have by the beliefs that you have。

 okay。😊，Some guys， for example， for me。Or let's say， for someone who's。Yeah。

 let's just take me in this scenario。 What's my role， Okay， what's my rule， for example。

 for being rejected。By a girl， when I talk to you， we'll get into that in the rejection section。

 let's just go and skip ahead a little bit。For me。Actually thinking about it right now。

 it is pretty much impossible to feel that rejection happening。Because。No matter what happens。

I would not look at it as a rejection。 Like， for example。

 a girl would like not want to talk to me straight away。 Oh， I'm assuming， oh。

She might have a had an ex boyfriend that， you know。

 looked like me and didn't have good experience with or something like that。

 So maybe that's why she's reacting like this。 She probably has a bad day。 She's probably tired。

 She only saw like a small portion of me。 So she doesn't actually know me yet。

And it's all like external stuff because I'm very secure in myself， right。

 because I've worked up to this。 I didn't start like this。 Now， somebody else might have the rule of。

 if a girl doesn't smile and hug me straight away。Rejection。Within 10 seconds。

 if that's not happening。 Okay， so he might talk to girl and she just looks and listens。

 and he's like， who。This isn't going the way that I want， well， not good and leaves。

Because he has these arbitrary rules。For rejection or for， for example。

 success where some guys are like， I'm only successful。 if I slept with the girl。

 but if I don't see her anymore， that doesn't matter。 And some guys are like， oh。

 if she just likes me， I'm already feeling successful。

 So if these things are all very arbitrary and they're pretty much just coming from。😊。

People that they pretty much have been like conditioned onto you， usually in a younger age。

Uually from your parents， your mom， however， she treated you， you come up with all these rules。

 and they're really arbitrary。 So if you can start to loose them up a little bit。

 you can actually make it much more easy for you to experience that pleasure and avoiding that pain right So before we get into like you know looking at all these rules that you have and seeing if it might make more sense to have rules that actually empower you that make it happen so that you can actually go out there and actually meet these girls and like attach different things to pleasure and different things to pain。

 let's just use the ones that you already have Okay because we all have rules。

 Now the easiest thing is just to use the ones that we have in a more proactive way in a way that's gonna to work more。

 So what do you want to do。When you want to get yourself to do something， it's very simple。

 All you have to do。Is you want to attach more pleasure to something than pain。

Pferably more than twice as much pleasure than pain。 Like you wna get rid of the pain， if you can。

And attach it all the pleasure。And get rid of the pain that you think that you will get if you did it Okay。

 so first thing。You want to have a lot of pleasure and as little pain as possible towards the thing that you want to do。

 And if you didn't do it， because that's also an action， like inaction is an action。

 like you're not doing something is's also making a decision and attach a lot of pain and very little pleasure to not doing it to not following through。

Example， if you go out with with your buddy。Go out with your friend and you go to a park or whatever。

 you go to a bar and you want to start。嗯。And you want to start interacting with girls。

 you want to get into conversations， you want to start kind of like being more social and getting to know a couple of people。

 getting to know the girls in that bar， for example， seeing how it goes， if you can't even。

 if you can't get yourself even to just go up and start talking to them。Because you's like， oh。

 it's so painful。 What we do。 Okay， we just use this little thing that we I just talked about。

 We want to attach very， a lot of pleasure， little pain to doing it。 and a lot of pleasure。 a lot of。

 sorry， a lot of pain。😊，To not doing it。How could you put a lot of pain onto you to not doing it。

 that's actually the easiest thing that you can do just put a lot of pain if you not do it。

 for example， give you friend 100 dollars。And。If you don't approach。He's gonna keep 10 bucks。

 and he's gonna do something with it。 Like he's gonna buy your other friend a beer or he's gonna donate it somewhere。

 Or you should actually do something that would like piss you off。

 like maybe like donated to some politician than you don't like at all。

 so you'd be like supporting his cause。 if you did with that money， if you didn't go an approach。

 So then， and then your friend is kind of like the judge of it。 And if you go don't go， boom。

 you experience a lot more pain than you would did before because before it was just like。

 I was just gonna stay in the same state。 Now， things's gonna happen， I just stay the same。

 But now it has consequence。 So。That way， you get yourself to actually start talking to girls。

 and then you boom， you go there， you start talking to her。

 probably will work out a lot better than you ever expect。You start linking pleasure to it。

Next time it's gonna be easier。 Do it again。 Do it again。

 do it again until you don't have to have that attachment of pain anymore。

 You can also do that psychologically or like not psychologically。

 but like in your mind in a way where it's like。Realizing focusing on that pain that you would receive if you would not go and take that action。

 for example。Imagine the regret that you'd have if you knew that that girl， if you talked to her。

 she might。Become。The girl of your dreams。 She might be the girl of your dreams。

 She might be the one girl that you should spend the rest of your life with if you believe in that。

 right。And then you're like， I would never get that just because I didn't say hello。There's regret。

It's a little pain if you didn't do it。 or what kind of person would you actually be。

 What would it mean， What would it mean about you if you didn't go and start talking to a girl if you had a chance and it would make sense to。

Are you a guy who's an action taker or you a guy who's more like a victim was just like， I'm。

Disempowered， I can't do it。Is that your identity， Is that really who you are。

Are you someone who doesn't want to take action， doesn't want to become better？

We will be focusing on that pain， which will when you don't do it， which will then。

Make you go for it straight away。Now， before we go deeper on this in the next video where I'm going to talk about rejection。

I want to invite you to adopt two beliefs that I believe， are extremely。Useful。And also。

 something that。Might not be 100% true all the time。But that is extremely。

It's going to do a lot of good and will make you the best you could humanly possibly be in every situation。

Really like simple two beliefs。On the other hand， it's like， you know？

Have you ever had a belief that you knew like it was true like 100%。

 maybe like  five years ago or 10 years ago， where you felt like， yeah， this is true。

 I know this is true。 And now you almost like embarrassed to admit that you ever thought that was true in the first place。

 So I don't think we should only choose。Believes by。Judging them as are， is it true， absolutely true。

 or is it not absolutely true， but is it useful to believe this。

Number one is that you want to believe that the past doesn't equal the future。Okay。

The past doesn't equal the future， which means everything you've been doing up to now。 Good， great。

 You know， that happened from today onward from this moment from this second。

 you can do something new， You can try something else。 If you went out like 50 times。

 you never talk to a girl。 Now， you can start doing it。

 If you had relationships that weren't going the way that you wanted them to go。Doesn't matter。

 The next one can be different。 It's all up to you。

 Can a past doesn't equal the future that will give you the freedom to make new decisions and not just rely on the past to make sure that youre always in a line when with all the actions you took in the past because they might not have been the smartest ones。

 And the second belief that I want you to adopt is there is always a way。 So anything that you do。

 there's always a way there's always a way to make it happen as long as you put your mind to it。

 having that belief， will then invite your brain to actually search all its files and find a way to make something happen。

 Even if it seems like it's not possible， like let's say there's a girl talking to someone else and about to leave da if you ask yourself。

 there is always a way if you tell yourself that and your brain's like， hey。

 why could I make this happen， What would be the way you would come up with more creative way。

Usually we go back to the first principles。 For example。

 Ella Musks talks about this all the time time。 the CEO， Tesla and Spacex great guy。

 his great mindsets when it comes to business。 He says go back to first principles。

 which means don't just work by analogy because someone else has been doing this all the time。

 that's just the only way that exists。 And that's because why because there are a couple hundred years ago。

 there were no cars and we only had horses， So we should always have horses because you know。

 that's the only thing that we know I should always just you know talk to the girl if she's by herself。

 go back to first principles like okay， what actually matters here。

 which are the things that we're gonna be touching on here right now in this entire program。

 and how can I use these kind of like elements here to make it happen。 Okay。

 I'm giving you these tools that you can use in different ways to get an outcome that you desire。

So that's the second belief that I wanted to adopt。 extremely important， extremely useful。

 And the last one， actually， I told you guys， it's gonna go to be 2。 But let's make it 3。

1 that I love as well， is that。😊，Momentary pain now。Equals。

10 times the pleasure in the future if I'm doing something that I know is the right thing。

 because you always， if you ask yourself， what should I do， What's the right thing now。

 you always know that， okay， I know what the right thing is， like， let's say。

 go and push myself a little bit， keep this interaction going。

 even if it doesn't feel like super comfortable in that moment for per se。

 because I know I can flip it around。Even if you have that momentary pain。

 it will equal 10 times the pleasure。 And then you will actually love that pain。 Now。

 it doesn't mean that you actually like do something that's just painful just because it's painful。

 Obviously， use your brain common sense， but it's something that can push you。😊。

A little bit further than you thought you could。 And then we'll give you much more pleasure because that's where everyone stops。

 Okay， everyone always stops at that moment where it's kind of painful because they're like， oh。

 I'm done。 I don't want to go further。😊，Don't do that。 Go into the pleasure。

 realize that the pain now can actually result in having an amazing life later on。

 And that's what I want to share with you right now on this topic of pain and pleasure or craving and reversion and we'll go a bit deeper with it in the rejection part where I'm going to show you。

What is really rejection all about， How can you use it。

 What's gonna be the best thing for you and what have I learned from pretty much going out。A lot。

 I just say a lot and have had interactions with like thousands and thousands of people。

 not only talking to girls， but also sales interactions working on working on the streets as someone that was helping certain like campaigns to grow and having to engage people。

 etc that I didn't know like cold approach type of way and what I learned from all these years of experience and why I am pretty much never feel that。

 And as soon as as I talk to a person， I can pretty much always get them into the right state so that they can do something that is beneficial for me and for them。

 and for the whole situation。 It's very， very， very unlikely very rare now。

 because I just have so much experience that I wouldn't know how to turn around a person and connect with them。

 no matter what kind of person they are， no matter what。girl， for example。

 if we're talking about girls， what kind of girl she is。 and why do I have so much。Experience。

 and why do I have all this great judgment now， Well， if you have great judgment， right。

 that comes from experience。You know where experience comes from。That judgment。

So in beginning to have bad judgment， I got that experience， and now I want to show you a catalyst。

 something that can make this period of experiences that you need to have to understand this and really be a master at this as short as possible。

