# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：04、执行：3.白天游戏7步【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

I hope you're ready for the seven steps of meeting a girl anywhere and this being part one。

 meeting them during the daytime。 So when it comes to meeting girls during the day。😊。

The issue that I see happen pretty much all around the world is that 95% of guys are doing it in a very。

I don't want to say wrong， but very。Un'm successfuluc way。

 And they think that that's the right thing to do because they probably saw a YouTube video where there some guy walks up to a girl and he stops her and is's like。

 hey， you know， I thought I saw you from over there and you were super cute。 So I had to say hello。

 gets the number after two minutes and you're like， success。😊，That's what I want。

 I want to get the number， not knowing and thinking and understanding that that number is gonna be very flaky。

 meaning that that girl probably won't get back to him。 And also， if you did that。

 which I hope you already did， you might have already gone out and you saw that if the interaction is very short and kind of like。

 in her face， she might be like， you know， reactive but then won't really trust you to come out again Now。

 why is that， right， one of the biggest reasons for that is that the girl doesn't know who you are。

 Okay， guys go to places where there's a lot of girls and they're all very busy。So if you stop them。

 usually they're walking。 So if you stop them。They might not have as much time to actually meet you。

 So the interaction is very very short。 And the girl， as we're talking before about availability。

 she needs to know what kind of guy is this， What kind of guy are you， Can I really trust this guy。

 What would happen if you would， you know， see each other again。

 she can tell if she hasn't spend enough time with you。

 Because the only way that she can kind of like predict the vibe that you guys would have together is by actually experiencing you through different situations。

 seeing how you react， Are you masculine， Are you weakmasing or strong masculine。

 What are you doing and what kind of way are you presenting yourself。

 How are you handling all these different situations that happen in a relationship that happened when you start going out with someone。

And if she can't tell that， she might actually experience， well。

 there's too much expectation right here。 And I don't know what's gonna happen in the future。

 if I would see him again。 plus， you know， he's probably expecting something。

 So even though I might like him， I am really afraid of not fulfilling his expectations， you know。

 And and if he has all these expectations already。 it's very hard to say no。

 to that guy once you're actually out， a lot harder than just being like， you know。

 I'm just not even going go out。 Plus she' probably has a lot of other guys in her life。

 hitting her up， her friends， she's studying， she's working， she's going to her yoga class。

 she's a lot of other kind of like， things that she could do。😊。

So really a main thing that we want to make sure is that you and the girl。Spent， at least。

At least really absolute minimum，15 minutes。 when you meet each other。

 that is really on the lower end， preferably an hour， at least， right， now。

 how can you make that happen when you're on this busy street where everyone's walking and they're super busy。

 Well， guess what。You go somewhere else。You don't go to that busy ass street where everyone's running down to go do their shopping or go to a doctor。

 You want to go somewhere when the girl is available where she hass time where she's not busy now how can you tell if a girl is busy。

 busy or not。Usually， when we do seminars around the world， I ask this question。

 and then people like they come up with things， well， maybe she's like， you know， looking around。

 Maybe she's not walking that fast。 And they're still trying to think in that box。 Okay。

 get out of that box， Think outside that box， Where will girls during the day be。

 what would they be doing。 How would they be kind of like， you know。

 going about their day when they're half time。And then once we get to it。

 I tell the guys that one thing that you really want to look at。

 like you want to make sure that she is stationary。

 Stationary girls are much more likely to actually have time than ones that are walking， stationary。

 meaning， you know， sitting。Lying or standing。Standing at a bookstore。

Lying somewhere like on the beach or in a park， sitting on some bench or again。

 having a coffee and like reading their book。 Those kind of girls are available， right， Time wise。

 they have time。So if you will go up and strike up a conversation and it's going well。

 she's not going to end it because she has to go and do something。

She's gonna keep this going because she has time。 She is available。

 and then it's really all about just your skill。 and there's no like external thing trying to mess this up。

 All right， So you want to make sure that you go somewhere where girls are stationary now。

 What should you do if you see that perfect girl walking in that like one moment when you're going somewhere and you see that girl and she's coming to Ru you and you're like。

 oh my God， Valentina told me she's got to be stationary。😊。

I can't go and start talking to someone that I might be interested in， but that's busy。嗯。

There it really matters there。 you can have your own rules。 My rule is。 I have a very。

 very specific type of girl that I'm going for， very specific type of girl that I like。

 There's not that many girls like out there， There's like numbers wise。 So whenever I see one。

 I'm gonna make sure that I strike up a conversation no matter where she is。

 But I'm not gonna to run after every single girl that I think might be attractive。

 I would pretty much would never run after a girl at this point because when you make a decision like。

 look， I want to go out and I want to meet people， I want to meet some girls want to hang out。

 I want to take some photos， What you can do is like take your camera。

 take your book and go to a place where girls are spending some time。 Now。

 if you run after a girl that already it seems extremely busy。

 you might think that you would miss out on her， if you wouldn't actually run after it。

 But at the same time you're actually missing out on the girls that are actually sitting there if youre walking there are actually already stationary。

 So it's。Always kind of like youre missing one or the other， right？

So I want to make a very like strong rule we're like， okay， if it's this kind of girl。

 I would go and she shouldn't be just like， well， if she's attractive， that shouldn't be the rule。

And the other thing I want to tell you is。If you don't know what's going to happen， try it。 Okay。

 it's great。To get at least some firsthand experience to have that wisdom as well。

I've literally tried everything that exists pretty much。 And I know what works。

 And I know what doesn't work。 So I don't want you to just go there and like， you know。

 take this blindly。 What I want you to do is I want to do everything that you're gonna hurt here right now。

 It's probably something you've never heard before。

 Im extremely certain that this probably hasn't been taught by someone else in this way。

 So what you want to do。As you want to add this to your thinking that you already have。

 you don't want to try to put this into your already existing belief structure。Why。

 because imagine you're riding a horse。 If have a black horse it's pretty fast and you're riding around having fun。

 And then I're like， hey， you know what， try my horse。 It's even faster than yours。 it's white。

 And you want to jump on it。 You want to try it out。 You're like， hey， man， that sounds great。

 You know， I'm gonna to try it out。 but。😊，I'm gonna。Keep one leg on my horse。

 And I'm gonna put one leg on your horse。 And I'm gonna to ride at the same time。 as you can imagine。

 that's quite dangerous and probably won't work out well。

 especially when the horses are one of them is faster than the other。

 The same thing happens when you start learning something new。 So if you learn this。

 everything want to teach you right now， you want to do literally every single thing。

 Like I'm gonna to teach it to you right now without adding anything or without taking anything out because if you're doing that。

 you not actually doing exactly what we're teaching here。 The way it's set up。 It's extremely。

 it's like waterproof。 It's like soundproof。 It's like dustproof。 This is pretty much perfect。

 It took me a long time to come up with this formula for the daytime that is also applicable for the nighttime。

For these seven steps。So do it all。See how it works。 And then if it works， you know。

 then you can adapt it。 And if you wouldn't work， then obviously we are we have our forum section here go in there。

 we'll talk about it， right， because otherwise you won't get the benefits。

 And I want to get the benefits of this way of doing things， right。So， let's get into it。Number one。

 as we said， is the availability， right， so。You want to go to places but girls are available。

 what would be places like that？places like that would be， as we said， bookstores， parks， beaches。

 Uni campus where like no one's when they're not busy during like finals weeks。

 what else will we have like benches in malls。 just somewhere where someones stationary coffee shops。

 Starbucks， someone that's stationary and not doing anything。 Okay。

 that's the ones you want to go for。 And you would see the。

The percentage of them that are going to react well that actually will follow that you will be able to follow up with will be much。

 much， much higher than ones that are running or like going somewhere。

Let's get into the seven steps of meeting girls during the day。

 So the first thing that we want to do step number one is obviously。

 we want to start the interaction， right， we want to start talking through her。

 We want to have some conversation started， some conversation opener happening and everyone's asking me all the time here。

 But what do I do， What do I say， What's the first thing I say though， And here we go。

 This is what you say。First thing that I wanted to realize is you want to keep that curiosity happening throughout the entire interaction。

 What I see a lot of guys do is they kill that curiosity from the very beginning by saying something that is like a compliment for their looks。

 which then tells the girl pretty much directly。 hey。

 the only reason I'm talking to is because I'm physically attracted to you。

 which then means I probably want to sleep with you。 Okay， and the girl's like， whoa。

 this guy doesn't know why he doesn't obviously have very high standards because it's just trying to go from me straight away。

 and yeah and she's gonna kind of like pull back a little bit。

 It's very interesting because it can still work。 but it's not gonna work because of it。

 it's usually going work despite of it and it doesn't really matter what you say。

 But it matters how you say it okay So if that doesn't really matter them。

 much why actually shoot yourself in the foot， right so many people tell me like。

 but I want to be congruent。That is being congruent because you hopefully don't want to commit straight away to a girl that you haven't even met yet。

 right， how would you know what kind of person that is you just want to hang out with her because just because she's a girl。

You know， you can meet her， but you obviously want to get to know her a little bit to see how you would be compatible since you want to have more choice Okay。

 you don't want to just get kind of like the scrums because that's what you're gonna to get if you don't have any standards。

 okay so。First thing is you want to go in there and you want to say something in a way that is not giving her a compliment。

 The best thing you can do is just say something that is in the moment that has to do with the situation and related to the girl。

 Okay， so you might see a girl like。Looking at books in a bookstore。

 you just like walk out and like literally， I just， I do usually like play this game where I like。

 hey， let's see what I'm gonna come up with。 And I just like。

 walk up to her next door and then I just try to find like some title。 I just like。

 look whatever title I I find straight away。 And I make， make make like a funny remark。

 And then I go into the second okay。So of first step。Isn't only like what you say。

 but it's also much more about it， as you already said about how do you actually say it。

 So there's three legs， kind of like a bar stool。 There's three legs or this tripod with the cameras on right now that you need to have to make that first step solid。

 one of them。Is， as we already said， going in indirect。The second one is you want to have intent。

 The girl wants to feel that this guy could do something as we were talking about before。

 right Curio， she wants to know that you could probably end up with her。But will you。

 So that's being communicated through your subcomications。 which we get into a little bit later。

 or actually， we are， yes， which we get into in the gauge section， the calibration section。

 we already did， right， So there you saw that it's all happening through your sub communications through the way that you present yourself。

 not verbally， with your body， the way you stand， what kind of energy you have。

 and especially the way you talk。😊，So when you're being intentful， all you can think is like， hey。

 what would be like to be intimate with this girl？Look into your eyes。And have that intentful。

Kin of like feeling there。 Really， that's pretty much how you do it。Also the way I talk right now。

 you can speak a little bit lower。Not as fast。 Okay。

 this is not how you would talk to your best friend。 when you just hanging out。

 This is how you would talk to a girl that you're interested in。And then， the third one。

Is the self amusement。 Okay， so the way you go up is has to be self amused， Inful and indirect。

 Why do you want to have that self amusement theres Because you want to take that pressure off a little bit from that。

Intful part that you want to put in there。 All right， So， for example。

 if you walk up and you feel like， hey， do you know where the Starbucks is。

 that's a little bit too much， That's a bit too intense。

 So you want to have that self amusement in there。 It's like asking yourself， why is this funny。

 How can I make this funny And It's like， hey， Do you know where the Starbucks is。

 And you have that smug little smile， which is just that perfect mixture of being indirect。

 having that self amusement in there and also having that intent in there。

 which will show that when you go up to her like that self auseement。

 it will actually show that you don't do what just for her。😊，You're doing it because it's fun。

 And that's the number one reason。 So it shows that you're free from outcome。

 It shows that you could go for it， and you still keep the curiosity up。

 and she doesn't exactly know what's happening。 That is perfect。 Okay。

 it's not easy to do straight away， but it's very， very simple。 Okay， literally like seven steps。

 It's all you have to ever learn and just hone them in and then you will get better and better and better。

 and you will get results， maybe even you just two weeks that guys。

 other guys will not even get in 10 years。 right， But again， it's everything you learn here。😊。

Knowledge is not power， it's just potential power so you've got to go and actually apply it。

Now when you go in， you say this to girl during they pretty much anywhere。

The second thing that you want to do， step two。Is you want to take a step back， like physically。

 pretty much take a step back， give her some room to breathe。And show empathy with what you say。

 Okay， an example will be like， oh， don't let interrupt you。Okay so you can go up。

 say something like， hey， do you know what the next Starbucks is and the hell。

 but don't let me interrupt you， take that step back， which gives her， which shows her， okay。

 this guy's empathetic， which means that I can trust him right because he obviously can see how I feel and only people that that the only people that for example。

 would be the leaders of a group are people that are empathetic because they can actually make decisions that are the best not just for them。

 but for the entire group， so they usually have a higher social standing。

 if you have a lot of empathy， you have a higher social standing。

And that is actually something that's very attractive。 And at the same time。She。

Can relate to what you said。 Okay， so examples of statements of empathy would be， hey。

 don't let me interrupt you。 or， you know， I'm just like waiting for a friend here。

 So anything that's gonna make sense in her reality， why， for example， are you talking to her。

 It's like the pressure on and then the pressure off。 Okay， we talked about this， engage already。

 And I just want to repeat it right here。 So it makes total sense to you， right。

 So that's step number two， showing that empathy。Taking that pressure off for her to be able to breathe。

 all right？And then you want to be doing these first two steps over and over and over again。 Okay。

 step1， step，2， step，1 step 2， say something that's intentful self fromuse， but indirect。

 and then take a step back。 it's kind of like repeating it。

 which will bring her arousal up as well which like which will don't I don't want to like call arousal。

 but it will escalate， that's a better way of say a better way of saying it。

 it will escalate the interaction further and further and further without even you needing。

 for example， to touch her。's all as we already saw。

 it's very internal for a girl of how she's gonna kind of like look at this and how she's gonna go for this And then when you also doing that physically like taking kind of like the pressure off the way you do that。

 you don't want to be leaning into her as we're already shown but you want to have you weight on your heels weights on the heels kind of like position yourself So you're not scoring up with her That's how you take the pressure off so that she can literally as again。

 just like。あ。Feel like， oh， okay， you know， he's not trying to catch me here totally。

 and he's not kind of like it's not intimidating and it's kind of like exciting。

Step number three is you want to find out what is she doing right now so you can literally ask her。

 hey， what are you doing right now that's literally what you do because even though she might feel and seem to be available right now because she's sitting down or she's standing or she's lying down she probably has some kind of plans for the rest of the day or maybe someone's gonna meet up with her。

 she's waiting for somebody， she's going somewhere so that you know really like the entire situation。

 you got to ask her as a step three， hey。What are you doing right now？

 And then there's a couple of things that could happen， right？ N one is she is available。

 She's not doing anything， which is a great sign。 You keep it going and we get into step 4，5 and6。

 and then 7。Or she might be rushing it and she actually is oh I'm actually about to go it's like five minutes I have to meet up with someone if that's the case you want to make sure that you can at this point start making plans for later and get。

The number， because you have some kind of commonality。 And if it's very， very。

 you just met her and you still at least when to get something going which is maybe not as likely to actually work out to see her again。

 but it's always better than nothing。 What you can do is just make plans for a party later like oh。

 we're having a party actually about like at the end of the week， blah， bla，h。

 blah And if you want to come。 I can like， you know。

 let you know the details and pretty much usually everyone's down to like no more details about a party。

 And then you can either go to that party or even if you didn't even have a party or it's not gonna happen anymore。

 doesn't really matter because the emotions are gonna to change the situation is new And then you can just text and see if you can connect and see if you can see each other later。

 All right， then a very special kind of like situation。

 when someone is gonna join her that she knows。 and that she's just like friendly with and they're friendly with her。

 you can actually just stay there。😊，And the special situation I want to talk about is when the girl。

Is meeting someone that she's maybe not as interested in。 But let's say he's very interested in her。

 which sometimes happens。 when you there is you stay there， try to get the info before。 Then the guy。

 for example， is gonna arrive。 And then you amp up the the emotions。 You make her feel really good。

 so she like associates to feel good with you。 And then at the peak。 You like， hey。

 I actually gotta leave。 I gotta go meeting up with a friend hugger， say bye to the guy。 leave。😊。

And usually， that guys gonna be somewhat in his head if he， you know， hasn't worked on himself。

 maybe a bit more than you have。 And he's not gonna really know what to do。 Plus。

 if the girl hasn't decided yet before that she likes him if she already knows And then probably she won't in the future anyway。

 So's just doing like her kind of like a favor。 And you want to make sure that she has the best time possible。

 right， So， and then she's gonna associate that she's not having the best time with the guys。

 So she's gonna kind like miss you a little bit。 Allright。

 these are kind like the things that can happen after step 3。Step four。

Something that might seem like a small thing， but is extremely important is exchanging names。 Okay。

 you got to introduce yourself。 but you don't want to do that at the very beginning because that will then cause the girl to go into this automated mode where it's like。

 oh， well， nice to meet you？ Nice to meet you。 What's your name， My name's this。 What do you do。

 What do you I do， Co， Well， do you like the weather， weather's pretty cool。 Hey。

 Hey like what's your favorite color。 Okay， I gotta go。

 It's kind of like this huge like company meeting where like all these people from the same company have like a party or something。

 they don't really know each other。 And it's like this like formal。

 like thing that's just like boring And you don't want to do that， right。😊，So to avoid that。

 you want to kind of like interrupt that pattern， you don't want to have her go into that autopilot。

So that's why you introduce yourself after you know step three as step four and a way to do that is for example。

We can look at her and be like， you know， if I'm already like this rude to like interrupt you today。

 I should at least like introduce myself， hey， my name is。Valentino or whatever your name is。

 you can use my name。 if it makes you more confident。 it's a pretty cool name。

 But use your name and be like， hey， my name is da and then you exchange names。

 And now you actually starting to become a real person in her reality Okay。

 because now she can attach a name to you。 And you have to do this before step 5。

6 and 7 because if you don't do that。 It just feels off， right， you will feel a little bit awkward。

 if you will do it right now。 She actually step 5， we' get to it right now。

 is actually the thing that you want to aim for。 Okay， step 5 is like one of the most。

 is pretty much the most important thing that you want to be going forward during the day。 Okay。

 that's kind of like the goal。 That's like the bottleneck that's gonna decide if this is gonna work out very。

 very likely or might just be like a quick， like， hey， how's it going。

 and it's not gonna lead into anything。 Nothing's gonna stem from it。😊，So。What is that step five。

 step five is the instant date， In date， meaning that you and her are preferably going to go somewhere else。

Maybe a cafe， maybe a Starbucks， maybe just sit on a bench or go for a little walk or grab a frozen yogurt。

 whatever you want to do， something that's fun。 Don't make it feel like it's a date or like。

 don't like， you know， be like， hey， do you want to go on a date。 Like， don't say that。

 just go and start like walking， for example， if she if she is available be like， hey， you know。

Let's say she's standing and like， I'm actually going that way， which we're at U andR。

 let's go start walking and then be like，All right。let's grab like a frozen yourt， or whatever。

 and then kind of like make it real， change the environment because when the environments changing。

 you have the feeling of time passing。Okay。And it's very important that you guys feel like you spent a lot of time with each other。

 So the more the environment is changing， the more things are changing。

 the more you will feel like time has passed。 So for example， The environments changing。

 The emotions are changing。 There's multiple people in there。

 Maybe it goes from night from day to night time because you know。

 sun goes down sets it's like 6 PMm or whatever。 And then you feel like， wow。

 I really know this person。 you will even feel that right。

 I've realized it' like traveling all around the world for like the last3，4 years。

 really that constantly like new continents at least every couple of months， like flying all around。

 all these different things are happening all the time。

 it literally felt like 20 years because it's so intense and so many things are changing。

 People are changing。 Emotions are changing。 things are changing。 Girlends are changing。

 Everything's changing， changing， changing。I feel like the time is。Has been much。

 much longer than it actually has。 And that's in your favor。 As we said。

 time spent is one of these six keys to be able to get intimate with any girl out there， right。

 So you want to make sure that that feels like it's the longest thing there。

 And it also will feel for you that it's been a long， long time。 Now， on that instant date。

 why it's important to， for example， get the name before is's like。

 I remember when we were in Rotterdam in the Netherlands， in Europe。😊，We were running a program。

 And then all the students were busy。 They were all talking to girls。 Everything was like perfectly。

 We were sitting in the park。 Everything was going well。 My assistant was in there。

 and that was going perfectly。 And I was there。 and we were like， you know， we should do something。

 Let's talk to。😊，Some girl， and we were like looked around。 and it was like， no girls。

 for some reason， Rotteram in the part that we were。

 And then I saw like one like walking like down there。 and I'm like。Yeah， maybe the coopy one。

 which is like fulfilled her like， you know， fuck， which just ran there like me know another assistant。

 And I stopped her。 And it actually went really， really well from the very beginning。 It's like。

 it was just on and it was going so fast。 It was going well， like so fast， like step 1，2，3。😊。

That I ask her， hey， what do you do， What are you doing right now。 And she's like。

 I'm about to like grab coffee。 And then I'm like， oh， that's great。 You know， boom instantly like。

 you know， I ask her like step 3， what are you about to do right now。 So I'm like。

 let's go for that instant。 I'm jumping to step4 to step 5。 I mean， straight away。 And I'm like， hey。

 let's go and grab the coffee。 I want to have one too。 And she's like， yeah， let's do that。

 but what's your name。😊，And she stops me and she wants to know my name first， which is step four。

 and I'm like， oh yeah， thank you， I forgot my own system because it actually feels I'm natural and weird。

So what I'm giving you here is not just like something that I pulled out of my brain to like do this。

 this is something that when I looked at all my interactions that has been reoccurring all the time and these are kind of like the seven things you every single。

 every single interaction has to go through if you want to make sure that it's gonna to end up with you and her becoming more intimate of being in a relationship。

Do you have to go through the following steps？We were looking here not because I'm saying so but because that's what the natural thing is that's happening and the great thing about this is that you can ask yourself when for example。

 it's kind of like you're getting stuck somewhere and you're like，😊，You know。

 I don't know what's the next thing to do here。 Like we've been like kind like talking to you for like 5。

5，6，7， whatever minutes，10 minutes。 You ask yourself， well， where am I？What what step am I at away。

 Yeah， I start talking to her。 I did that thing， and I actually showed empathy。

 and then I already asked her what she's doing。 And well， I guess now I should ask her for the name。

 and then we should go somewhere and it gives you like that super simple and easy roadmap of just exactly knowing what to do next because it's natural。

 It's like the stations you have to reach， how you reach them can be a little bit different。

 but you have to go through these。😊，And that's why the instant that is so important because you can go into step six。

 which is making plans for later， meaning that you want to set up a date with her where you can meet each other again because as you probably realize we're talking about daytime here right so you probably met this girl somewhere maybe in the morning。

 maybe in the afternoon and it's not really like already eight or 9 pm。

So what you want to make happen is you want to make sure that you and her are going to be able to meet each other again。

Preferably the same day。Worst case scenario one or two days later to faster。

 the better so it's fresh。The reason you want to do this。

Is because you want to give her the opportunity to refresh you can refresh as well。

 so that she's kind of like ready， you know， to meet you maybe a little more intimately because girls like to be ready for that。

 And shes probably wasn't expecting to me the guy like you during you know。

 whatever she was doing like buying flowers or something And the other thing that is very key there is you want to make sure that you don't have any expectations。

 You know， put pressure on her。 You don't make it look like an formal date。

 And we're gonna talk about what you should be doing。

 definitely should not go for like a dinner date or something like that as the first thing because it kind of like puts somewhat。

😊，Of like a pressure on the girl， which then doesn't make it as light hard as it needs to be for her to just be like。

 you know， what， we should do this。 Like， for example， a thing that I like to say is like， you know。

 I'm like。I don't know what it is， but I， I really like hanging out with you and talking to you because。

 you know， usually I always like hang out with all my work workmates， workman， all my workmates。

 all my work friends and， you know。You don't have a beard。 They all have beard。

 And I prefer looking at your face。 So if you if you're afraid we should go and like grab a drink。

 we should go hang out whatever you want to say， right。

 And that kind of like that remark there that common where you're like， oh， you don't have a beard。

 And that's why like looking at you。 It's kind of cute。 And at the same time。

 it's not really like that serious。 And she's like， oh， that's just like， that's adorable。

 Like the way he phrases it。K of like shows her that you find it interesting to be with her。

 but again， doesn't take away the entire curiosity of it。

The seventh step is the actual date where you want to meet up with the girl sometime after 8 PM。

Maybe even like9 to 930， definitely a time after dinner， so she already has eaten。

And as you can already imagine， you obviously don't want to go for something that makes or feel like you have all these expectations of the things that might happen。

 So going for like a formal dinner date might not be the best idea in this case。

 You want to keep it very lighthearted， especially in the beginning。 So going to a bar。

 going to a cafe。 something that's hit something that's fun something that's lighthearted is the perfect thing that you can do to kind of like start this whole thing off。

Now， where would you meet up， right， where would you actually want to go？

First thing that you want to know is where do you actually stay， Okay， where is your apartment。

 you want that date to end up in your apartment eventually， not at her car， nowhere else。

 prefer but your apartment may be hers， but it's always better if you have kind of like your place set up。

 you know what's there， you know if you have a roommate and you don't have to face anything that you don't know exactly how to deal with。

So your apartment somewhere here。Then， about。You know，7 to 10 minutes away。

 you want to find walking preferably a place that is hip to hang out with cafe bar。And then。

 from that place。Another like five minutes away， you want to find a place where you can get to very easily。

 For example， a tram station， a train station and bus stop or some like monuments。

 some site that everyone knows about。So you can meet up there。

 then walk  five minutes to the actual location where you're going。 and then go back to yours。

 And there's always a kind of like slow walk in between， which again。

 makes you feel like you're spending more time with each other than you actually are。

 And it also keeps kind like the curiosity up a little bit。 Plus。

 just's not gonna be able to just like go through the place you're going and then like sit in the restaurant already and like。

 have like a seat or whatever or meet someone else。

 It's always best to meet at kind of like a neutral location。 then。😊。

What do you want to make sure is that the vibe that you have。Again， needs to be very lighthearted。

 A lot of fun。 You don't want to put too much pressure on her in at any point in time。

 And instead of like trying to show why you're so cool and she should like you。

 What you want to make happen is that the girl is trying to go for you。 You want to qualify。

 You want see if she actually cuts it for you。 Okay， And that way。

 you give her all that room to go and chase you， which is gonna be super engaging for her。

 which is gonna make her feel like she's she's gotten this prize possession。

 if she can get you in the end。 and it makes it a lot more engaging。😊，Now。

 what do you want talk about， You want to， again， think of the first two steps that we already talked about during the daytime。

 Okay， you want to put that pressure on and put that pressure off because that's how you kind of like keep that whole thing escalating。

 how you keep those good vibes going。 You want to have that self- amusement in there so that it's fun。

 laughterer is always good。 And I always。😊，Pretty much end up having such a great time with girls and dates that they pretty much tell me。

 like， I've never had this much fun in my life， which is kind of crazy because I'm not going to any like。

😊，Fantastic and me amazing place。 Like we're not doing some crazy date。

 because you're just a regular bar， a regular cafe。 and all that she really has to go off is you。

 which also makes you step up。 Okay， because all that she can really focus on is you。

 So you want to be someone that's engaging。😊，Now， when you're at that place， do you want to spend。

Probably like 60 to 75 minutes。 I have like extremely kind of like specific times in my headca I've just done it so many times that I know exactly like。

 what's the best time。 Like between， yeah，60，75 minutes usually perfect。😊。

Because that gives you time to meet again。 Maybe you've only met for like， I don't know。

15 minutes the first time。 so there she can actually get to know you。 Okay。

 there she can actually find out who you are， and then you don't want to be focusing on again。

 the resume exchange or logically convincing her why you're so amazing but just focus on the fun focus on the emotions。

 focus on how can you guys have an interaction that she's probably not gonna forget because of the way you're talking of the way that you're kind of like vibing back and forth。

😊，So you are having fun， you're vibing。 It's going really well。 But what do you do now。

 How do you start like， you know， walking， for example， towards your apartment， right。

 if the vibe's there is late at night， she probably knows what's up and she wants to also take this to the next level。

 but she doesn't want to seem easy。 So it's up to you to make that happen。

 ways of doing that is planting ideas into your mind that you could only do it your place。

 For example。😊，Watching a video， right that you made。 and you probably， you guys， you know。

 if you've been traveling， you can have videos like that that you shot while you were traveling on some holiday。

 something that you're doing。 that's fun， like soccer or you're playing soccer。 you， for example。

 climbing mountains or whatever you're doing， usually most people they have some kind of hobby that are passionate about。

😊，And that's something that I'm using because you know I'm traveling all around the world and other stuff is changing。

 but you want to make sure like my apartments always changing。

 say I don't have like the same apartment everywhere。

 So what do you want to make sure that it's something that you can only do at your place right like a video on your computer like for example。

 I went to India I almost died a couple of times there and some of them are actually be recorded which is kind of intriguing And it's like you know you can just drop that in there。

 make plans for that so that she and feels at ease when she actually will go home with you because she's like well。

 were not going home because of that。 you know and he's not making it blunt and as we saw with the girl before she's like they want it to happen but they don't want you to think she's easy right So once you can show her that kind of。

Angle， once you can show her that look， we're going home because it's because of the videos。

 this is gonna happen。 She has rationalization of like， oh， okay， I can feel at ease。

 I don't have to freak out that something's gonna happen that I might not be comfortable with。 Plus。

 this guy seems really， really aware because all every girl knows this。

 but very a small amount of guys actually know how to communicate in a way that she knows what's up。

 but it's not that blonde that she's gonna feel easy Okay。

 So it's it's a skill that not many people have。 she will really actually appreciate you for it。

 she probably likes you if she goes on a date with you after A PM Ca she could do anything else in the world。

Just because the girl gets on a date with you， you could already assume， well， it's probably done。

 Why the hell would she otherwise like come out。And hang out with you after the sun is set， right。

And it's just about building that whole fun。 And then always。

 we always want to make sure that if the girl gives you a bit resistance。

 you don't want to just ignore it and you don't want to like act in or be like almost like pissed if she does that。

 She's just testing。 She wants to see is this guy for real。

 and you just need to give her more reassurance that she can feel so that she can feel safe。

 And she's like， oh okay， this guy knows what he's doing。

I can feel safe here and he's not making me feel uncomfortable。 And if I at any point。

 it will be too much， you've been taking the pressure off in the past。 She knows that， okay。

 this guy knows how to take the step back and I can talk to him。 He has empathy。

 but at the same time， it's so polarizing。You know， exciting as hell。

 so I want to see where this is going to go。And then once you've done this。

 we can go into the girlfriend section。 But before that。

 we want to have a look at how to meet girls during the night， the seven steps during the night。

