# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：05、成为满分男人：1.身份【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Congratulations， you made it。 Okay， we're almost at the end of the entire program here。

 And you one of the few that actually fall through。😊。

Assuming you didn't just skippped through this video and you actually went through all the videos and before this。

 and you've been working。 You've been implementing the things that we've been teaching you until now。

And that means that you're ready to take it to the next level to be one of the few guys out there who can actually attract。

His perfect， ultimate girl into his life。And。Evoiding the trap。That a lot of people。

 even when they start being successful with women， fall into。

 which is that they are successful with women。 You're sleeping with women。

 They're getting intimate with women。But they're still unfuled， unhappy。

 and they feel that void inside of them and they're like， I don't understand。

I have everything I ever thought I would want， and it's still empty deep inside of it。

 And I've seen too many cases。 and I almost dripped into that myself kind of like tripped into that myself。

Which is a very， very bad place to be because you really become absolutely helpless because you think you have everything that you want。

And he's still not。Where you want to be。Which is that place where whenever you go to sleep。

 you know you've done the right thing。 You might be tired。

 You might not have been stimulated all day long in the most comfortable way。 But， you know。

 you're on the right path。You know that you're doing the right thing。And you can go there。

 close your eyes， lay back and know that。What I'm doing。Has a purpose and a greater meaning。

 not just about myself。 And that's the kind of guy that a girl。

Never even dream of leaving because it's so rare to find a person like that。So the first thing。

That we want to do right now is look at your identity， who are you or？Who would you want to be。

 Who would you want to become？In the last video， you wrote down what kind of girl you would want to have in your life。

 What would be the ultimate soul mate for you。 What I want to do when I what I want you to do right now is take out that list where you've written down everything that you want to have in a girl。

 Look at it and ask yourself， Is this a must。 Do I really have to have this in a girl。

 or it's just something that I don't really care about。 For example， me personally。

 I don't actually care about a girl's hair color。 Some guys do， I really don't。

 I care about other stuff， though， And you might be different。

 So I wanted to take out that list and cross out everything that is not essential。Okay。

 stop the video right now， click that space bar or stop it and。

Cross out everything that you feel is not 100% essential。

 So we get to the core of what you actually want to have in your life。No。

 you didn't actually pause the video， just actually froze。

 but get stop the video right now and cross out that stuff because otherwise we won't make sense of the next thing because the next thing is something that would literally change your entire life and will make it happen that you can track that perfect girl into your life when so many other people that have all the money and all the looks can't。

So what's that next step， I assume that you've passed a video across all of these things out and you have that list in front of you with the girl that you're like。

 yes， this is the type of girl I want to have in my life。 Now， look at that and ask yourself。

What kind of guy would this girl want a have in her life。

 Who would you have to become and be to keep a girl like that， engaged and attractive to you？Now。

 what you will find is that you will have to adopt the same characteristics as the ones that you are wishing。

In the other person。 So if you want her to be grateful， you got to be grateful。

 If you want her to be adventurers， you got to be adventurers。 If you want her to be social。

 you got to be social。 If you want her to be putting her needs or your needs before hers。

 you want to start putting her needs before yours from a place of abundance。

 And from a place of certainty and not from a place of trying to please。 Okay。

 there's a huge difference。 And youll also realize that everything kind of like can stay has to be very similar or almost the same。

😊，Except your energies where it's coming from。 The polarity still has to be there。

 You're doing from your masculine。line she's doing it from a feminine。 So， for example。

 if you want to be passionate， you want to be passionate。

 But she might be passionate about flowers and you might be passionate about， I don't know。

 racing cars。 It's still the same emotion that you seeking in that girl。

 But it doesn't have to have the exact same vehicle。

 But you have to be that kind of guy to be able to attract her into your life。

 because what if she's super passionate。 And you was like， you know， whatever。

 she's not gonna be hooked by that。😊，And she's not gonna to be looking for a guy like that。

So write down who do you have to become， Be very clear about it。

 Then the next step that you want to have is that you want to write these two lists out nicely without any crossing stuff over。

 You can， you know， write it on a computer。 But what's even better is actually write it out。

With your hand， because then you're driving what you're writing into your nervous system。

 Where when you're like just typing like this， it's not really happening the way that you want it to happen。

 You want to bring this into your brain。 Yous want of the information somewhere in a system or in on a computer right out of your hand。

And put it somewhere where you can see it every single day and where you read it in the very。

 very beginning of the day， you just like go through it so you know what you're looking for。

 So you're actually focusing on it。 And then after a while。

 it will just become subconscious and it will become something that is so clear that as soon as you see an opportunity that you might be able to meet a person like that。

 the one that you describe， your brain will take action on it because you're putting importance to it。

 Allright。