# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：04、执行：4.夜晚游戏7步【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

So now we know how to meet girls during the day。 right， the last video。

 I showed you all the seven steps。 and now we're going to go through the same seven steps。

 But right now， I'm just going make distinctions。 So if you haven't seen the last video before where I talk about how to meet girls during the day。

 you want to watch that first so that this one will make sense to you， okay。Now。

 before we get into those seven steps， is there a difference between the day and nighttime。

 or is it the exact same thing， There's a lot of guys out there that telling you， well。

 it's the same thing， you know and。You know， a girl is a girl。

 female energy or feminine energy for sure。 that's still kind of like the same。

 but the entire environment is different。 And this is a program for someone that wants to take it from wherever he is to the absolute maximum to absolute mastery。

 so we have to be real during the night， the environment and the vibe is a little bit different compared to during the day。

 right， People on a different headspace is more chaotic。😊，And during the night。

 girls are more open to actually won't even say open。

 but they're expecting to be social with random people when they go to a nightclub。

 They wanna meet guys， as we saw before with Alicia。 She's like， of course。

 I wantanna meet guys that are cool and fun to hang out with and。😊，When you go out during the night。

 depending on what kind of venue you go to its。A different intensity that you want to have in that venue。

 Okay， so for example， if you go to a lounge。Or a lounge bar which is。

Probably the least intensity you w to have when you go out at night。

You don't want to be like crazy jumping on tables。When you go to a bar。

 you can amp it up a little bit。 And then there's something that's like in between。

 usually like this bar nightclub where it's like some areas you can talk easily and have a drink。

 and in other ones， you know the dance floor is hectic and crazy。

 And then there's these crazy nightclubs like in London， for example。

 one of my not really favorite ones but the ones that I that I got to know pretty well is called Piccally circus right And there's just super loud music all the time。

 And you can't really talk and there you got to be very physical。

 You have to do a lot of nonverbal stuff。So what we're gonna to focus on is pretty much all these environments。

 all these venues go through three stages， right， The first stage is everyone kind of gets there and they're still in their head。

 Okay you just got there and they're like， oh I just came from work It's not just you。 Okay。

 you're like going out there like， yeah， I wantna meet girls。😊，Everyone。That gets there。

Feels like fuck。 I don't know what I should do now。 So what they what do they do。

 They out tookook something before or they start drinking to kind of like loosen up。

 And the second part is where you're having fun and people are being loose。

 People are meeting other people。 It's， it's more social。

 And this is kind of like the middle of the night。 And then the third part。

People are still having fun， but they now start to think of leaving right they' right now they're like。

 yeah， I was having so much fun， I'm still kind of like having fun。

 but it's dying down slowly and I'd be open to go home now if something is there。

Or to go for food or whatever。 So the the exact times are depending on the when the venue closes or when actually people start leaving。

 Okay， so， for example， in a lot of clubs in Europe， that's usually a bit later。In for example。

 Australia or America， it can be a little bit earlier。 around 2，3。

4 AM is usually most clubs close once people start leaving So that's kind of like when the third part ends right So you want to have the interaction happening before that obviously。

So。You will be meeting a lot of girls when you start going out at night。

 there's not just like one girl sitting by herself in a bar， right， for example。

 when you meet a girl during the day in a park。That's a bit different since。

There you want to make sure that the interaction starts and finishes kind of like in one go。

 you're not gonna go away and then come back straight straight afterwards。 but in the nightclub。

 the whole situation is slightly different because everyone's kind of like in this enclosed environment。

 if you look at this a bit more systematically， it's very well like kind of like as a abstract。

Everyone's in this closed environment and they're not gonna leave straight away。

 So if you talk to someone and then you leave， it's not like， you know。

 we won't be able to find them within that night again， whereas during the day。

 when you meet someone and you leave， you know， like there is no like constricted area。

 They're just gonna go。 and it's very hard to like bump into them again。

 So the entire night is kind of like one interactions。's like one interaction。

And then you keep going from interaction to interaction。

 you want to expect that it's going to go up at times and going to down at times。

 it's kind of like a wave of all human beings are all going through these waves， right？

Now let's get into the seven steps and the actual distinctions during the night。 So step one。

 as you know， is the approach when you start talking to that girl。

 how would you do it differently at night Well， the only thing that you really want to kind of like alter is that you must make sure that she pays attention to you because there's so much other stuff happening in the environment that she might get lost so。

Tap her around the shoulder。 right， That's a great way of doing。

 I usually just do a double tab like this。Not too strong and not。To weeks， just like。Double tap。

 you can also make that sound if that you know makes you remember it better。

 it's also gonna to be a fun kind of like conversation starter。

 but that way you actually get her attention onto you so that she actually hears what you're gonna say because during the day you don't have to do that since usually if she's sitting there by herself in the park and you just walk up to her G will feel your presence and you don't need to do anything else to get her attention。

And again， want to make sure you're being intentful。 you don't have that。 You don't kill the。

That anticipation and curiosity straight away by being extremely blunt verbally。

 but you can be a little more teasing and a little bit more cheeky since it's a nightclub and be also again。

 very self-ammused， which doesn't put her as the first thing but fun is always there and that's by the way。

 a huge thing that you want to be doing during the night in the beginning。

 you want to really build up that fun because。When you do that。

 it puts you in that right state and it doesn't make you seem like you're out there and trying to get her。

 right？Like a great example， for example， was。A couple weeks ago， we were in Brisbane。

 we were doing a boot camp over there。 We took three students out， right， and then。

We saw guys that knew who I was because they were watching some of my videos。

 They were also watching other videos。 And then they just came there and like， oh hey man。

 awesome meet you。 I didn't expect you were be here da And then they just sit around and just look and just sitting there together。

 And then they like let's talk to that girl then go up and and do their thing。

 we're just getting in there， freaking party， jumping around。

 having fun with everyone and bringing the whole party to that place having fun with anyone that's in there and then choosing the ones that we want to go for。

 plus girls would just start coming to us because of the vibe that we were putting off instead of like。

😊，And then go and talk there。 right， So that selfmus is a huge， huge part。 plays a huge， huge part。

When you're focusing on your own party。Then step2， empathy。 again。

 you want to just take that step back， make sure she also sees that you're actually taking a step back。

 right， So again， you want to make sure that she's paying attention to you while you doing that because if you go up and start talking and she looks away and then you like do a step back and you come right back。

 she didn't actually see that you took that step away So she still feels like you're still there。

 right。So to make sure she feels that it took the pressure off。And again。

 anything that might not be 100% clear while you're watching this is rewatch the first video about the seven steps during the day where everything is very。

 very clear， you still want to do the same thing， only differences I'm going to be pointing out right here。

 right？Then， step3。It's kind of like her situation。 Again。

 you want to find out what is she doing right now， But during the night。

 you want to ask her four questions specifically， which are， who are you here with， Write these down。

 By the way， What are you doing afterwards。 How do you get home and what are you doing tomorrow。

Again。Who are you here with？What are you doing afterwards。

 how do you get home and what are you doing tomorrow now？

You don't want to just blast these out like this。 And you want to get the content of it。

 So you can also find it out in a little bit a different way。 You could be like， oh。

 you guys are roommates。 and's like， no， no， I live there and she lives there。

 She already tells you like where she lives or how she will get home or she's driving you So you don't have to ask these questions specifically。

 where you want to find out that situation， So you can make a judgment called of what's the best thing here。

 is she leaving tomorrow， is she flying out， does she even stay in the city or she just here for a day or is she's super busy or maybe she's totally available And she's not doing anything for the next three days。

 So you want to find that out by asking that question kind of like weaving it in there。

 while are you doing again， step 1 and2 right where we talked about putting that pressure on。

 putting that pressure off， which is gonna get her attracted and it's gonna make kind like the whole interaction keep interaction。

 keep escalating It's kind of like the gooo that puts all these steps together。Then。嗯。

Step 4 is you want to ask her name。 And during the night。

 what I like to do is I actually like just guessing names because there you can be teasing and you can have fun with it。

 So you could ask her if she has a German name， Swedish name， what kind of name she has。

 And then start jokingly throw a couple of names right， if she's like from German。 You're like， oh。

 okay， you German。 So is your name like。😊，I don't know。 Ugata。

 which is like the least attractive German name for a girl and find it out in a more teasing。

 playful way than I would do during the night during the day。😊，Then， step5。This is， again。

 where it all happens。 kind of like during the day， where it， you know， that instant date。

 you also want to create that instant date at night， meaning。😊，You want to create a situation。

Where you can spend some time with her kind of isolated or even with her group within her group or within your group。

 But making sure that it's kind of like you and her in a one on one interaction。

 So you might take her to， for example， a。Place where you guys could sit down okay。

 a booth is perfect， especially even actually I forgot this when we were talking about the date section all I wasn't didn pointed out specifically is when you sit down on a table or at a table。

😊，You want to kind of like sit in a way that you're next to each other so you know putting that much pressure onto her like you know。

 facing each other， plus you can be much more physical and it's not as obvious exactly what's happening plus you would feel more at ease right as where it's like facing each other like this as we talked about in the gauge section so。

What do I mean with what's happening here is。You do the same thing。

 You want to spend time with her and you want to have her experience different things with you during that time so different emotions so she can get to know you。

 she can understand how you would react and act in certain situations so that she can see that you have certainty so can you have empathy。

 You' spending time with her who's gonna build that trust right those are the three keys out of the six keys that make out trust。

 It's certainty， empathy and time spent with each other。 You focus on that during this time。

 Plus you can be polarizing。 you can have fun。And you also start point planning a couple of ideas of what could happen later。

 And that brings us to step 6， right， see those ideas。 So a couple of。

Plans or things that you could say， what you could do after the club would be grabbing food。

 going for an after party or even like just walking her home。 and the entire mindset， by the way。

That you want to have once that this is happening once youll be going home with her or even during this night is that you want to go on a date with her。

 You want to see her again。 You shouldn't be thinking like， oh， I just want to， you know。

 end up with this girl and go home with her because that puts too much pressure on her。 Plus。

 it doesn't actually mean thats that that's not gonna happen。 But if this is your intention。

 she will actually be more open to become faster， intimate with you because you didn't expect it if that's something that you want to do with her。

 right。So。You want to see those ideas and you want to make sure you're not like mentioning that you guys are going home to do this thing。

 right， again， be smart about it and don't put too much pressure on her。

 Don't put all these expectations on her。Make her relax and then。

Once the club gets into like this third part of the night where people are still having fun。

 but it's slowly about to end， you want to make sure that you can walk her home or you can actually leave with her at that point or actually leave and then go to yours right。

 So let's get to the seventh step， which is pretty much the one point where you're gonna make it or you're gonna break it。

Realize that in the club， you don't actually need to do anything crazy。

 You want to make her feel comfortable with you。 You want to become like the least strange stranger in that environment。

 you want to build somewhat of a polarity， have that fun and keep her curious that she doesn't exactly know what would happen make her feel comfortable and trust you but you know being certain and having that empathy and spending time with her in the club。

 the more time you're gonna spend with her the more she's gonna be okay， I know where this guy。

 what this guy would be about those are the six master keys。

 So once you've done that during the actual face where you're leaving with her。

You don't want to be putting a lot of pressure on her and you want to just make sure that she feels at ease。

She feels like it's just gonna be fun， it's just something fun that's gonna happen and you're not expecting too much。

 Okay， you pretty much just want to make it easy for her to do what she really wants to do because if she's leaving with you it after 2。

3 a and shes might be a little bit tipsy but that's it so she still knows exactly what's happening and those are the only girls you want to be going for。

If that's the case， she knows what's up and she knows where this is going， right？And。

A great thing that I'll learn is that you want to find out what's the one thing that she wants to do right now。

 Sometimes it goes just like I want I wantna have the pizza。 Like I really need a pizza right now。

 Oh wantna get this。 I want to do this。 And then just lead them where they want to go。

 Okay so you being the leader and you lead her， make her feel safe。

 make her feel your certainty and you lead her when she wants to go。

 And then from there you can take it step by step towards your apartment towards her apartment。

 And again， you want to have that mindset that it's just me and you。😊。

And we're gonna to go on a date later on like all I want to do is just get to know you as well as I can and I'm going to drop you home and I'm going to make sure that you you know are safe and then we're going to see each other again and that's when it's going to happen when she actually will be like a。

This guy didn't expect it。 And， you know， I feel comfortable with him。

 why not do it because girls love to have sex。 Girl love to be intimate。

 And then you can take it into a deeper relationship and keep seeing her over and over again。

 if you like her， right， And also， if she likes you。

 So it's kind of like a mutual thing after that point。😊，And again。

 just want to make a feel value by having that just date mindset。

 And the last thing I want to kind of like say in this seventh step is that whenever you have that。

Whenever she gives you a bit of resistance， you want to go and reassure her and try again because it's not that she's just like no。

 I don't want to do this ever。 she's just like no， no I don't， I don't know。

 mostly that's the kind of resistance you' gotta get when you do it the way that I'm teaching you right here and there she just needs reassurance。

 she's just testing you， you really care about her because if you would leave I the first know。

 it actually means that you don't even care at all。

 you just do that with every girl but if you stay there you make her feel reassured and she already knew you from before then she's like oh wow。

 this guy really cares about me And yes， I want to get to know him a little bit better。

