# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：05、成为满分男人：2.最大限制信念根除者【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

So we're talking about beliefs。We're talking about what does it mean。2。

Have a certain belief that can empower you like。Anything is possible。Okay， one belief that I have。

Is it similar， it's anything's possible as long as I put my focus on it。Okay。

I can make literally anything happen。If I just put my entire focus on that one thing。

So empowering beliefs。 And then there's disempowering beliefs。 Disempowering beliefs are。

I'm not good enough。I'm different in a way that。I can't get the same result as someone else。

I'm too young。I'm too old。I'm too short。My hair color isn't the right one。

I had that belief for a bit。Well， not for a bit， like really。

 I was like my hair colour shirt like I'm in， in in Australia， they call it Rangor， which is so like。

Such a horrible word。Youre rental， I'm like， what is that？Excuse me。

 said they don't have the system No， not at all。' They wouldn't even understand that phrase。Yeah。

 like the nicest language， right， no， they don't for sure。Um， and。Yeah， I was like。

 I'm never gonna get the one that I want because I'm a Red herd or I'm。

Short or I'm fat or I'm pale and I'm bing or whatever， right？All these beliefs。

Or I'm not smart enough yet， or I don't have enough experience yet。Those are beliefs。Right？

Like in your own words， how much would you say， how much experience did you have？

Conveted like other guys， would you say you had a shit lot of experience？

Well you just kind of like started。And boom， you did yesterday， that was perfect invisible game。

Because it was it just seemed like it literally just happened。Even for you， it almost felt that way。

 right。You know when it's good， when it's actually， you actually feel the same way as well。

You're still checking on okay， that's the next step。 This's the next thing。 You made it happen。

 You were there。 You fucking， you know， at the end， you had that certainty。

 you called the Uber or whatever。 You made it happen。What it just felt like it just happened。

And he didn't have any experience。Did you pull from a club before？Never pulled from a club before。

Right， at boomy did。Hes like。Geting read。い。😊，So that's a disempowering belief I don't have enough experience。

Because some people believe and some people don't。So the way you want to like evaluate beliefs。

 I have some notes here， we want to make sure we go all through this， right？

Is that we want to look at them。 Are they useful right now， not are they true。

Cause even think back five years ago。 Did you have a belief five years ago that now， you know。

 is like ridiculous。Well， maybe 10 years ago， you've believed something or you're like。

How could I ever believe that maybe of maybe some experience that you had over this weekend？

Did you have a belief like that？Five，10 years ago。But you knew it was true and now you think now you know it's not。

So。Maybe some of the beliefs that you have right now。F in the same category。

Maybe five years from now， maybe two weeks from now， you're gonna be like。Yeah。

How could I ever believe that？So we don't want to look at them， are they true？But are they useful。

Like anything is possible is that。True， have you tested everything。No。

But is it useful to believe that， Will it make you step up as much as you humanly possibly could。

 Will it ensure that you're not going to stop yourself。

 but you only might be hindered by other people， which then results in you actually getting ahead。

 the furthest you could humanly possibly go。Yes。So that's a useful belief。And literally。

 once that starts happening， when you are certain this is what I'm doing， no matter what it is。

 it really doesn't matter being a dating coach， being a life coach， being a surfer， being a musician。

If you like， this is what I'm doing， don。People will question you。 They're like， no， you can't。

 You will't make it happen。 You will not succeed。 You will fail。

 Everyones telling me that when I'm like， I'm doing this shit。 I'm gonna travel around the world。

 I'm gonna teach this。 guys are like， that will work。 You will not succeed。

 Why because the universe is testing you。 Are you for real。 Do you actually really want to do this。

 Same as the girl， Do you really like me。Because if you do， you persist， if you don't。

 if you don't actually believe you could make it happen， you stop。 I have like。Guys， text me。

 Snapchat me， Facebook me， S me videos。In person， they tell me， they're like。

 I'm gonna to be the next fucking dating coach， I'm going to be the next life coach。

 I'm going to be doing what you do。😡，And I'm like。Now， probably not。And when they ask。

 do you think I should do this， do you think it's a good idea I'm like， no， you won't make it。

That's what I telling。Why。그 tru집。If they need my if they exactly， if they need my reassurance。

If they need my reassurance。Then I're not going to make it anyway。

If they stop because I tell them they can't do it。Then they wouldn't have made it anyway because it's a hard fucking thing to make happen。

 And there's gonna to be so many obstacles in your way。

 literally everyone you know is gonna to be like， what the fuck youre doing stop doing this。 go back。

 like， you know， do medicine and do this。 Go back to your life。 Who do you think you are。

 You think you're better than we are。 They're gonna They have all these rules and beliefs and interpretations of what you're doing and they're reacting to that image that they create you。

You're not reacting to me。you better than me？And they test you。Because again。

 there's going to be so much external stuff。That if you need my validation or my reassurance to make that happen。

 something else gonna hit fucking throw you off。 So I'm just saving you time here。

But if the guy is like， okay。I'll make it happen anyway。Then I'm like， oh。

 probably on the right track。Because that's what I did。Right。

Coaches that I learned from and I learned from so many guys。 they're all telling me like， no。

 you won't make it。 You shouldn't。 It's not， It's not do something else。I'm like， okay， cool。

I'll do it anyway。Boo， here we are。And now I'm more famous than some of them。

Because I am really committed and I really love doing this。 And this is like。

 I do this for my heart and not just because of any other reason， right？If it did it for like money。

 it would have been much more intelligent to just stay in Switzerland。

Because when you graduate as a doctor， you actually make half a million Swiss francs as a doctor in Switzerland。

 which is about 800，000。New Zealand dollars a year， which is okay， money， right？But I didn't want to。

Work in a job。That I don't like。To make money。So that I can buy things。That I don't need。

To impress people。That I don't truly care about。That's the rat race。

And then teach the same thing to my kids and die。That's what everyone else is doing。Okay。

And I had limiting beliefs that are like， you can't do this， suck at the work， blah bh， blah blah。

So what I want to help you now is not being in your own way。

Because the biggest obstacle you have to face。Is you。Who do you look into the mirror。

When you look in the morning， what do you look at？How do you feel in the morning。

 how do you manage your state？I don't always like wake up and I'm。I love flyers talking。

 Let's do this。You know， I do at times， but not like every single day， so I know what I can do。

 I can sit down， I ask myself。What are three things I can be grateful for right now。

That I already have。Another one that's great。What's funny about my life that I haven't noticed yet？

what's funny about this that I haven't noticed yet？Gets you in a good state。 Remember。

 we talked about state emotional， state posture， influences how you feel and your body。

 And then also what you say。Influences to yourself， what you say to yourself。

 would you focus on influences how you feel。Then who loves me and who do I love。

 And then you're going to feel better。And you've got to be an empowered state。

 and that' said you can make anything happen。Okay。And the things that piss you off now。

Just a couple months ago， you would have wished you had those problems。Like fuck。

I'm meeting Sarah and Susanna and they only they're free on the same day。Fuck， I have to choose。

But I want to see both。发回来。And you really will be like， fuck my life。 And then you're like。

 wait a second。That's a good problem。You're not going get rid of problems， by the way， ever。

Because problems are not problems， they're challenges。They make you grow。

 they're gifts that can make you better。You wouldn't get better。

 you wouldn't become better if you didn't have challenges。

 remember that girl that never has challenge and got sex and food and all these gifts from guys around her all the time。

 she's not growing。You're growing。And you going to have you going to have。

 she's going to have to lach onto to someone， you're going to fucking create your own reality。

So you always will have challenges in your life。Just the quality is gonna go up。

That's what life's about。 As soon as you don't have any challenges， it's like。

Then kind of like your existence is almost like there's almost no point to it if there's no challenges if you're just being there。

Right。So！We will be a couple of core beliefs。哦。That。Are amazing to live by。

 I just give you these ideas， and then we'll go for the exercise。 It's gonna give you two。 Okay。

 two core beliefs。😊，That are great to live by。 And these are by Tony Robbins， Okay。

 because the guy's great， amazing guy。In some respects， it's really， really far。 in other respects。

 I don't agree with him。 And there's stuff that I think。

Could be done differently and even from a different angle。Oh。But these two beliefs are great。

Number one。The past does not equal the future。So anything that happened yesterday， a year ago。

 10 years ago doesn't matter， that's passed， you can't change that， it's done。

And from now you can make new decisions right now you have the power within yourself to make a new decision。

 to make a new choice， to act differently， everything that's in the circle of your control and influence。

You can start doing different things。 Okay， it's not that you need to try to change shit out here so that you get other stuff happening in here。

 You have to start changing in here， and then you will get。Other rewards and fruits from outside。

Whatever you plant， you will reap。If you plant a seed of a bitter tree。

It's like this tree in India called Nim tree， super bitter fruits， if you plant that。In nice soil。

 you water it， there's sunlight， everything。You get that name tree and then you're like， please。

 but I want to have sweet oranges I want to have oranges or mangoes， I want have sweet mangoes。

 You can pray and if I can do whatever you want to do。

 you're not going to get it because you planted a seed that was different from what you wanted。

So if you plan a seed of scarcity or fear or neediness。

 then that's what's going to happen outside as well。But then， if you plant。

That little seed of a mango tree。Or mango plant。In the same soil， the same water， the same sun。

The environment's the same。It's like your brain， whatever you feed it， it will give you。

And you do the same thing， this is just a magnifier。That's all it is。 If I feed it negative stuff。

 it will go negative。If I feeded positive stuff， it would go positive。 That's why Napoleon Hill。

Kind like Bible thinking grow rich that you have to stay guard at the door of your mind。

You can't let everything in。You can't watch news all day， I never watch news。I haven't watched news。

Since。I think。December 2014。And there was one time I watched it。

 I didn't watch it for two years prior to that as well。

Because I was in Sydney and there was a sea chaening。Right。

I was actually not right by that chocolate store when that shit was happening。 Yes。

 and I went to go and get some， I， I was about to go work out。 And then everyone's like。

 And I watched the news。 Then again， same thing， right， It's like， what do you focus on oh。

 it's such a horrible thing bla， blah， blah， blah， This guy， someone got killed and da da da。

 It's horrible。 It's so bad。 People are。Mean and bad。

 Or you can look at the thousands of babies that have been born while we're talking right now in this new world that you are all shaping。

You are making this new world for them。And you can decide if you're going to make this a place where it happens and love。

Abundance can prevail and be expressed。 or if you're gonna make them scared and。Unhappy and。

Put all this fear into them。See， focus。So the past doesn't equal the future means that whatever seed you plant right now is what you're going to reap in the future。

 right？So if you've been planting seeds of， oh， I want to get this like this。

 or every single time I do the same thing， then that's what you're going to get。

But if you really start planting seeds of what we were just talking about。

 then that's what you're going to receive as well。And that's the decision。Which empowers you。

 which means you can when we are out tonight， you can do it totally differently than you did every any night in your life before。

Because you're not defined by that， you don't need to do it the same way。

 there's not a law that you have to act the same way you did yesterday。

 but you have that identity that you think you are。

 you want to stay consistent because otherwise that feels very uncertain if you would do something that is totally out there。

And thatbody， who am I then？Right， but maybe that identity wasn't what you chose。

 but that was put up on you by other people。Maybe that's not even you。We'll get to that very soon。

So past doesn't equal the future。So just because it failed all these times before doesn't mean that it's going to fail later on。

 Thomas Edison， if he thought the past does equal the future。We wouldn't have that thing。

Because he just learned， oh， I'll learned 9999 ways of how to not make a light bulb。嗯。

Instead of I failed， she's like， I learned how to not do this。

Then the next belief is very similar to what you just said and it's。I'm committed。

There's always a way。Do you really put your mind to something and you focus on one thing。

You'll get it。The reason why people don't win is because they dabble and they never decide。

Choose one thing。 What does deciding mean by， by the way， Do you guys know where it comes from。

Slatin。Like a lot of words in English。And it comes from D。And then it used to be cadre or cadre。

Cder means。Cutting。And D means off， so to cut off。The side means to cut off。When you make a decision。

 you cut off。All the outer possibilities。That's what a decision is。

 a decision means I'm choosing to do this and all the other options I cap them off。

So you just go for the one thing。That's a decision， most people never decide。

But that's also a decision， which means that they're just going to dabble。

That's why because it's like everyone's like。Wating。Netflix。Being on Facebook。

Working and theyre out of five。 and that's it。 And then you drink。Of course。

 you're not going to accomplish anything。How because you know， putting time into something。

Every single person has accomplished nothing again， successful person。I know how I got here。 Like。

 I know what I did。 I know what I did。 You know， it's not， oh， yeah， it's just like it just happened。

 It just like happened。 You know， the YouTube channel。 that just happened。 It's like out of the blue。

 It's just like， and it's like， whoop， there you go。😊，20，000 people are following it， just cus。

 you know？No。Because it's dedicated to work because you put in the time and you focus on one thing。

Again， I can't be the best surfer in the world， The best pianist in the world。

 The best dating coach in the world， The best surfer in the world。 I already already said that。

 the best snowboard in the world。😊，The best chess player in the world。

 That's not going to work because it's just too many things。

 And if I am only spending two hours on becoming the best chess player and someone else is spending 12 hours a day。

Even if I'm double as smart， he's going to be better。So easy， just literally。

 you can just outwork people， even if you're not that smart and you guys are all smart。

 you can just outwork people。Gavvenachuk， I don't know if you ever heard of that guy， Garyrivenachuk。

It's like an entrepreneur？heardIs it Russian or somethingYeah， it's like Eastern European descent。

 Yeah I think I've seen one of those videos。He's a hustler， right， He's like this hustle mentality。

What's his nameGary？Vaynerchuck。V A Y。Yian。No way。 V， A， Y， N， E， R， C， H， U， V K。Yeah， easy name。

huh。呃。Gav Vannerchuck。that guy， he says。I just I work all of you。嗯。I just outwork all of it。

It like you might be smart of me， but I'll just work longer。So simple。 Okay。

 that doesn't mean you have to work 18 hours a day。But if you just don't watch TV or Netflix。

You will be really good。And again。Many many years ago， when call of duty was happening。

 I love call of duty。 Did you guys ever play that game？Yeah。And I wanted to be the best。

 And I fucking loved it， right。 I was playing at shit don't mind so many hours。😊。

And I'm so happy that they have a feature where it actually says how many hours you've played。

And I'm like。Oh my god。Right，And I remember it was like something like 700， something hours。

 And then I like。I looked at it。And I'm like。That's like。A month of playtime。Okay。

 that means like I would have played an entire month 24，7。And I asked myself。

If I would have just learned kung Fu during that time， I'd be like a fucking black belt right now。

And I was like， I'm not， this is not intelligent use of my time。Because where is going to end up。

 Where am I going to go in five years from now， I'm gonna to be happy I did this。 F no。

So that's when I cut it， I're going to do something very similar right now。Ca所。If you're committed。

There's always a way。Because there's people that have done something similar to you。

 can learn from them if you are。Enthusiastic。You're not asking for shit。

 and you just make someone's life easier。Then people will want to have you around no matter what they do。

 right？And then if you have a lot of options， is that's just like the one that really sticks out。

 right。He's going to get the job。Because otherwise， it's not going to work。 if I was like。

 if I would just。If I would just try to like be like， you know。For example。

 what other people did in the past is they would try to find some professionals in some regard。

 which is good to have professionals in your company。

 but in certain things like what he's doing right now。

 that just takes fucking guts and making shit happen and there no there's no training for this。

Because you just need to be able to do everything。Everything。Right。

 be able to set up like something online， be able to like registership， be able to track stuff。

 be able to organize an accommodation， flights， be able to coach like that combination is extremely rare。

Right。You can't just hire someone for that。 they need to they need to want to do that。

 So if you're like that and you want to do something， whatever it is become the best surf。

 literally just hang out of the best surfs。And if you're fun and you're around and you're not asking for shit and you make that life easier。

 they're like， okay， fuck， yeah。And then you're there and you make your life so much easier that they can't live without you anymore。

And then theyre going to hire you。Because you become indispensable。

Great book called Lynchpin by Seth Gordon， on this topic。Lynch pin。以。P I and yet，linch pin。

So what I wanted to do right now。Is think？Of a belief。That you had。That's been holding you back。

And the way to find it。Is to ask yourself。For example， why am I not getting girls right now？

Then you believe will pop up because I'm too old， because I'm too young because I don't have enough experience because girls are mean because girls are this。

Finally limit belief for now。It can do with girls。 It can It can also be anything you want in life。

 actually， doesn't is the same process。Well， that's something that I've been working on about it since I looked together。

So I look too young。And that has some in。Girls， battles in my professional life。Rers or go。

Specifically with girls like。I look to young or I come across to young。ならば。诶。

The most extreme example is how was talking with this girl， right， great hot girl had。こか。

And after like a while， I can see that she was like hesitating a bit。 And after a while。

 she was like。I like it。 but I thinkt it do young from。Yeah， so like。

 how old are you And it you like 14，I'm 30。所白嘅。So， but what is。Building up for you。

 And that's just because。啊我我。やし。Okay。Okay。Okay， that's good。

 Is that the the one that you feel is like the most， the biggest one holding you back。

I don't know it's the biggest one it's just keep okay。

 let's use it and it doesn't matter if if it sounds like a little bit funny because even when you said it。

 you laughed a bit right because you're like it's a bit funny but that doesn't matter because these things are not logical。

 these are emotional things。So it's good to share it， okay。

 and this actually most of these don't really seem logical。And that's fine， doesn't matter。

The thing we want to do is we want to。Find that emotional thing because we all always do what we emotionally want to do。

And fix that。Okay， so I look too young。Okay。I'm too shy。Or I'm shy。I'm too shy。That's great。

 These are great ways。 Like the way to find like a real general belief is I am blah， blah， blah。

 or people are girls are。 Those are the big general beliefs。😊，Okay， so you feel like I'm unworthy。

 meaning that if you go talk to the girl， you actually don't deserve her。Okay。

 so do you all have it in your mind， you believe？Im I look too young， right？How would you phrase it？

Yeah。Perfect， very great。 These are the big general beliefs， right。

 So think of that belief right now。Okay。That limiting belief that you have。What is that belief？

I'm honor a ver。I am too shy。I'm too young。Really get that belief into you。Feel it。Visualize it。

And also。Think of all the things that happened in the past。Where you had that happen。

Where you missed out on something。Because you were believing that。 And you knew it was true。

And you knew it was true。Okay。嗯。Think of， for example， last couple of times you went out。

Not during this boot camp， but when you were。Going out by yourself with your old friends。

And he was is there in the club。And。You wanted to go talk to that girl， but you just knew。Too young。

 or look too young。And then even actually tell the girl how old I am。

Then she's just going to be like， what the hell and she can't， she will be even less。

Able to relate to me。Or what if I look at all these confident guys， I'm not that confident。

I'm too shy。 The girl's going to see that。 she's going to see that I'm maybe even insecure。

And maybe I'm shy because I feel like I'm not 100% worthy of her。

Maybe I'm not even good enough for her。Maybe she deserves better than me。Okay。Now ask yourself。

What does it do。To yourself self confidence。What does it do？To how you feel every day。

Do you feel like。I am powerful。Or do you feel like。Just another day。And I'm still feeling the same。

What does it costing you？To have this belief。In your life。Right now。What are you missing out on。

What are you stopping yourself from doing。How much weight？Do you feel？Because of all these。Limiting。

Thoughts that you have。Around that belief。Ask yourself again， what does it cost you？

To have these beliefs。And to have this specific belief， I'm just too young looking， I'm unworthy。

And I'm too shy。Now。What I wanted to do is take all that weight with you and drag it five years into the future。

Five years and bring all the things that you missed out on with you。Look at yourself in the mirror。

 five years from now， you're going to be 43， or 26， or 36。39。Okay。Look at yourself in the mirror。

How do you look？Do you look younger。Or do you look older？

Do you look more energetic or less energetic， having lived by these beliefs for five years。

What surprise you've paid for having this belief？🎼What's been the price on your self esteem。

 Did you feel confident the last five years。What have you missed out on because he had this belief？

What kind of relationships would you have if you every single day。

 every single moment you're thinking？I'm unworthy。How would you act around people that you would want to meet if you're like。

I am shy。What kind of relationships have you lost Because you didn't even go and talk to that girl。

Because you thought that。Oh， it's not going to work。She's gonna think I'm too young， anyway。Okay。

 sit in your chair。Really lean back into it。Getting to that body five years from now。Okay。

When you look at your hands， how do your hands look like？When you just feel your body。

 did you become skiner？是。Smarter and more fit。Or。Did you actually maybe gain weight？

Did you lose hair， Did you get some comfort food because you were like。I just can't take it。

imagine all the girls that you did not talk to。Because you were there， just you and just a girl。

In a park。At school。Somewhere around the world。Maybe in a bar， you see her， but he didn't even go up。

And nothing happened， nothing happened out of it。And she might have become the girl of your dreams。

And you would have had the best experience together that you could imagine having。

But all of that did not happen because you believe that。You're too shy。

 unworthy or just too young looking。Now， what I want you to do is take all of that。

And step 10 years into the future。What do you say to yourself， Okay，10 years from now， Holyly crap。

10 years， you're gonna be 48。 You're gonna be 31，30。How much。44， 39。Almost 50。10 years from now。

 what kind of relationships would you have？Would you even have any relationships that you'd be happy with？

Would you even be？With the kind of girl that you want to be with？

Or would you just maybe get some kind of girl， but it's like not really the one you really want。

Just because you need some comfort and it's some warmth， but it's really a girl that。

If she wasn't here， you'd be fine as well， you'd be like，Ah。And then look into the mirror 10 years。

From now。What are you looking at， Who are you looking into， Are you smiling？5。Are you not。

Do you feel less alive or moral alive10 years from now， having lived with this limiting belief。

That's been costing you so much in your life， what do your friends think of you。

 what does your family think of you， what does your grandmother think of you？

When you tell yourself you're too shy or unworthy。Or just too young looking。Imagine that。

You're 50 years old and he looked like 20。What do you think of yourself？Do you think yes。

 this is who I want to be， this is who I wanted to become。Or are you like， oh my God。

How did this happen？Why did I let this happen？And now the kicker take this whole thing and step 20 years into the future。

20 years of living with this belief。Are you empowered？

Do you have the girl of your dreams in your life？Probably not。

Because what kind of girl would want to be with a guy that？Doesn't believe in himself。

What do you say to yourself？Really picture yourself。In the mirror。20 years from now。

You might have a five， a four。Or6 in front of Europe。Birthday。What do you tell yourself？

In the middle， 20 years from now， looking sad and drained。

Maybe looking even more than 20 years older because。

It's just been so hard to live with this whole thing。Trying to cope with it， somehow。

How do you feel about your life after living this way for 20 years？

What kind of relationships did you never have？That your friends had。

 that some people that you know and respect had because they。

Might not have adapted the same belief as you。It might have adopted a different belief。

And this was the only difference。What if this is the biggest difference between you and someone who had that life that you always crave。

 but now it's too late。Because it's 20 years have passed and you become older。

Now it's just too late to change。Decide。Do you want to live this way？

Is this who you want to be in 20 years？If it's painful enough。Just do one shake with your head。

 Just no one head。 Just nod your head a little bit。And if it's not painful enough， go into it。

 even if you feel it's painful enough and you already know your head， make it more painful， live it。

 be in there， be in that body， see everything in color， see everything bright and how its just。

Not even worthy of looking at this in bright colors because there's nothing。

That you will be happy about。You look gray。You have rings under your eyes。

Your hair is slowly falling out。 and you。Just是。Can't believe that。This is who you've become。

So if it's painful enough。It better be because otherwise your brain won't work strong enough to change。

Know that。This is not your future yet。This is not your future yet。And it's just a shadow。

Of the future。Realize that none of this has happened yet。Okay。None of this has happened yet。

It's all just been in your mind。So when you're ready， and you had that pain。Slowly open your eyes。

Put your hand above your eyes， Ca there's going be some light happening so that you're not going be blinded。

Can turn on the lights。And get up。Okay。Get up。Shake your body a little bit， shake it， shake it。

 get it going。Jump around， come on！😀ふふ。Yes， all right， shake it out。啊。Okay。Okay， sit down。

You ready again great work。So。What was your body posture like in the very end like this right the shoulders were somehow forward looking down or like looking up。

 face was crunched and you felt that shit。If this is going to happen。

 so now your brain is very motivated to change。Okay。What I wanted to do is actually stand up again。

 stand up。Let's have this going。Yeah。😊，Okay。And。Now， come up。With an empowering belief。

That you would want to have instead of the one that you just wrote down。

Great way of doing this is just the exact opposite if you can find that out。

 what would be the exact opposite of that belief。Do it now。Two minutes， okay， grab it。

 just keep standing。And if you bend over， make sure that you have your shoulders back and right it down。

give you some room。So you again， right it's very short， something you can remember。What is yours。

 I'm molden with it。More than worthy。3 seats。Okay， so I am。Cool， calm and collective。So my shyness。

 or my quietness， my calmness isn't actually shyness。Like yesterday with the girl。But it's cool。

 calm and collective。So write it out， I am， and then write them out。Who are you How。

 my look does not matter。Write it down on here。So youre actually you because when you write with your pen。

It drives it into your brain。WellWhen you type， you get the information。

 but it isn't like linked when you do this， it drives it into your subconscious more。

So how doesn't matter because the girls， why she's like， oh， you're too young。

 you're probably too young for me。That's it。He wants to see how you're going to handle it。

That's actually， that's the truth Ghan it， it's not a logical reason like you too young。

 we will not have intercourse。She's like， oh， you're probably too young。

They even did that with him yesterday， said， oh， you're a baby， right？And he's like。Sure， bo， bo。

You know。So if the girl' like， you're too young，' like， yeah。You know。

 I could be like the son of your son。I' like， no， I'm actually so old。

 I'm just like Benjamin buttons， I'm like going the other way around。😊，All they want。

 they just testing it。 Are you going to be thrown off by that。Right。So。It has that testing nature。

That's why they're doing that。But you should see videos of me like three years ago without a beard。

 I look a lot younger， right， and girls would give me that shit as well。

it doesn't matter and by the way， we don't think like you look super young， right？

Now you don't look like 18。Because it doesn't matter， plus it's actually a good thing。

So maybe it doesn't matter how old I look， could also be it's good that I'm young looking。You know。

 in that way。Because when you're 50 and you look like 30。That's pretty fucking good。

Lo of guys would want to trade places with you。Right？Plus， you have very strong lines。

 which is a good thing， which makes you look masculine。🎼And it's just a test， it's like。

 what could I test that with this guy to see if he's actually going to stay who he is？

And if you just own it， and you're like。Okay。So you like old。

 grumpy like So you like old guys with like wrinkles。It's like you know。

 the guys that are like dripping。Wait， I'll call my grandfather。And that no， no， no。

 I don't like I to do。Okay， so again， you exaggerated in a fun way， right？Sa oh， you oh。

 you want the 6 year old Sure， don't worry， we'll find someone or 80 or 90。It's like， hey。

 how old is old enough？🎼70 now put you're a kinky on hand， you like to spice it up。

 let's get the nine year olds。😀Yeah。That's how the girl's going to react。So use it as an advantage。

Every time she tests you it's a good thing because when you pass it。

🎼It will actually get her much more attractive to you。Because she' said like， wow， he's congruent。

Who he is showing himself to be and the image comes closer to who we really are。

So what do you have to do if she has this image of you？All you got to do？Is you just gotta。

Staying there， consistent with certainty。Have that empathy。And do。Helper to make this happen。

So that you actually realize who you truly are。The news cool calm collected。

And use was more than worthy。Do you like that phrasing more than worthy。

 How What kind of feeling does that give you。They're kind of pumped up by that， Yeah。

 what if you were more than worthy？Which girl would you be able to get， Which one would？

Can you guys see and feel how there's much more certainty and how you just said that。He's not like。

 I think I could like， maybe if， if it doesn't like any girl like I can get any girl。

And then a girl he， oh， okay， I think so cause boom certainty。Let's sit down。So。Inhale， slowly。

And just do like。2 breaths will you inhale very slowly。 Expand your belly。And then let it out again。

Picture your new belief。That you have right now， because what happened just before is that we had。

That limiting belief。 and now we linked so much pain to it。That our brain is like。

 I don't want to believe this anymore， I can't believe this anymore。

This is going to lead to so much pain。We've got to get rid of it。And now there is a void。

 there is a vacuum。So we need to fill that back here。And that vacuum。Is this new belief？

That vacuum is going to be filled with this new belief。So a new belief is。I am more than worthy。

I am cool， calm and collected instead of shy。 It's not that I， why。

 why isn't not shy Because shy means。Did you absolutely insecure。And you don't own what you're doing。

But being cool， calm and collected means you own what you do。

 And it doesn't mean that you're going to be a robot。 Something happens to you。If an event happens。

 that hits you emotionally。You own it。 You experience it。

But you're not going to act like a little girl。And you're going to see the true intention behind everything。

And then。🎼It doesn't matter how old I look。Which means anytime a girl mentions that。

Or anyone for that matter。She just wants to see if she can throw you off。

Is that going to challenge you？That little thing。아 이。That was cute girl。

And you're just going to find a way to make fun。Happen in that situation。

Ca it's not serious because you know that it really just doesn't matter。

 Plus when you're going to be older and you're going to look a little younger， everyone's want to。

Change places with you。 Everyone's gonna trade。 Everyone's like， hey， can I trade places with you。

 please。It's actually an asset。 It's actually better to have that。 These actually good genes。

 girls actually attracted to that。But they want to make sure that you own it。

🎼So picture that new belief， okay， have it very clear in your mind。I am more than worthy。I am cool。

 calm and collected。It doesnn't matter how old I look。And especially when I look， younger than I am。

That's an advantage。It's definitely not a disadvantage。How does it feel you believe this right now。

 What do you think could happen if you lived every single day of your life？Believing。Thisbelief。

Living by this belief， being empowered by this belief。Because it's useful。And now。Step。

Five years into the future。And look at all the things that you've achieved。

Take all your success that happened within that time。Into the future。Okay， five years from now。

 living。With disbelief。If you look into the mirror。Youre going to look older。

 or you got to look even younger。Because you have so much energy and vitality and not younger in an immature boyish type of way。

 but younger in a。Energetic type ofaway。We have that energy of a young person。And the experience。

Of a wise person。The experience of a sage combined with the energy of a youngster。Is absolutely。

Invincible。How do you look into the mirror， How do you feel when you look into the mirror。

 Are you smiling。Why are you not smiling？How does it feel to live with this belief for five years？

What kind of girls have you met？Because of this。How would you act to anyone that you meet。

Would you be insecure？would you be like， hey， this is who I am taken to leave it。

Top of attitude that is extremely attractive to pretty much anyone around the world。And now。

Picture up， believe again。I am more than worthy and I can get any girl。

Maybe it's a nice little addition to that belief。Take that belief。

And take it 10 years into the future， okay？You're going to be 48， you're going to be 31， 44。

But it doesn't even feel like you've aged because you're on your mission。

 you're doing what you love doing。And you don't to hold yourself back。How do you stand？

imagine you standing there， get into that body， Don't look at it from third perspective。

 but really go into the first person you're there in that body， you see your hands。

 you see how you stand， you feel how you breathe， you feel how the muscles in your face or creating a smile and it's not a fake smile。

 It's a smile that comes from deep within because you're like。Oh my God， really， this is my life。

 I can't believe I made this happen。What kind of people did you meet？

Did you maybe have to meet new people because the ones that you were hanging out before。

 which is not the right match anymore and you weren't on the same page。Maybe。

You once belong to that tribe， but now you're ready to upgrade。

 maybe now you're actually part of a stronger tribe。What kind of experiences will you've had。

We have traveled to different countries。 We have traveled to Europe， maybe。We've gone to Scandinavia。

 Germany， which you have seen all these places。Kep growing。Because you realize I need to have that。

I need to have a peer group that is on my wavelength。Okay。That I can empower it and empowers me。

Maybe you've not even done that once， but that's just who you are now and now you have a group that you travel with and you。

Go on fun adventures all around the world。And that's just something you do。

don't even question it because that's just normal， that's just what guys like you do。

And now the kicker。Take all of that， take all of these successes， these amazing experiences， the fun。

 the girls， everything。And take it 20 years into the future。20 years from now。

 how does it feel to be you？That is quite the story you might even be able to write a book。

Cause so few people。Give themselves。That's。Advantage， that's gift。Of just allowing themselves。

To enjoy。To have fun。And to experience life to the fullest。🎼It's， it's all in you。

And you realize now，20 years from。From that point， when。You were in Australia。

It all kind like started with this funny little ginger dude。And。You realize， wow。

Now this is not just something that I made up， I'm really here。Imagine how many girls。

You've encountered and had amazing experiences with in the last 20 years， okay？

Now you don't look at your age and be like， oh， I'm so old， now you look at your age and like。

 I've had so much fun。And it's just going to get better， the older I become， the better it gets。

 the wiser I become， the more intelligent I become， the more masculine I become。 and the girls。

 all ages are just drawn to you because。Of the person。Energy that you have。20 years from now。

And again。Look to the mirror。And， you know， you deserved it because you worked for it。

Didn't just happen。But he had the strong roundwork because you know that you're more than worthy。

 you know that you're calm， you're cool， and you're collected。🤢。

And you know that doesn't really matter how old you look。As long as you own yourself。

As long as you are who you truly are。People don't care how you look。 People really care about。

Who you are and how you make them feel。And you know all of that。

And every single morning when you wake up。You have so many text messages on your phone。From girls。

 friends。People that right now， you feel like you might never be able to meet。

And then there's just going to be a body of yours。That you hang out with for fun。

And go on Safari tours。And you bring a girl。 And she bring， he brings his girl。

Maybe you bring more than one girl。And even if you try to remember all the girls you met。

 you probably won't even know because it's just been too many。Okay you remember their energies？

But maybe not their names because it doesn't really matter because that name。Justs been given to you。

By someone， you're much， much more than your name your。You。You have thats so deep inside。

And you feel extremely。Fulfiled because you learned how to use your brain and mind。

And not have it used you。Now。Just for a second。Look at both possibilities， of both possible outcomes。

Which one would you like， I know it's a tough decision。But give it a shot。And right now。

 make a decision which one of these two outcomes are you committed to becoming and getting and living and experiencing？

Decide and cut off the other one。Make that decision right now in your mind and squeeze your right fist when you make it and you know。

 I've done it。Okay， squeeze that right fist and decide and cut the other one off。

 I'm not going to lift that way any longer。Done。Decision made。So。Come all the way back。To today。

And feel the excitement。About the future。Because it hasn't happened yet。

How exciting is that you already know what it's going to feel like？And it's all about to happen。

That's what your life is going to be like for the next 20 years。I know what he did。

Just allow yourself to believe the truth。You got rid of that stupid story。 That wasn't you。

And you accept it。The truth。Because that's who you are now。We are our decisions。Your destiny。

It's based around your decisions。That's what makes the difference between two kinds of people。

Remember that story with them。Dad that had these twin brothers or twin sons。And the dad went to jail。

One of those twinen brothers。Pretty much did the same thing as his dad and was drunk and went to jail and the other one。

Sttepped it up。Same circumstances。One different decision。

And the decision had even the same reason behind it， the exact same reason。The only difference was。

The freedom of choice， the freedom of what you are going decide to do。

Because that's who you truly are。That was是。Making the difference between every one of us。

Is what kind of decisions？Do we do。And act up on day by day。We don't have to be perfect。

No one's perfect。But we have to be true to ourselves and our identity， and this is our identity。

Doesn't matter how old I look。As long as I own it。I am cool， calm and collected。I'm not shy。

I just have my shit together。And。I am more than worthy。What a question。Take one deep breath。Exhale。

 slowly。And then whenever you're ready， you can slowly open your eyes。And just sit here。

For another 2，3 minutes。How does that feel。I love I like more confident。I can see it in your eyes。

 all of you。Good。It's a real man looking a man。Real man。Not the kind that has to overcompensate him。

Proof。That he's bad enough， but the one thats just yeah。Of course。

