# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：05、成为满分男人：4.问题指南【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

In an earlier chapter， we talked about self talk and we talked about。

 you know that we're all kind of like asking ourselves questions all the time。Now there's something。

That you're asking yourself subconsciously or unconsciously all the time。

 It's kind of like that one comp pass question。s the way I like to phrase it。

 It's kind of like something you're asking yourself。All the time。

 which is kind of the base of all your actions that you take。

 and it really directs where is the true north of your life going to be and it directs the direction。

Of your entire path， your entire mission， your entire life。Every single moment。

 you're asking yourself a question。Usually， it's something that most people are trying to phrase in a way where it's like avoiding pain or seeing the fault behind things。

 So a lot of people， for example， they ask themselves on a consistent basis is。Why am I enough？

Why will this not work？Why will I？Not be perfect again。

Or how can I be perfect and make sure that everyone loves me。Now， to find that question。

 you need to ask yourself what。Would have extreme consequences if it either happened or didn't happen。

My old comps question was。How can I become the best。TheF way possible。Right。

 which sounds like a pretty good question actually， because you're like hey。

 it's gonna lead him to success， I guess， but at the same time you can freak you out because you're like。

 whoa， I got to become the best。 gotta do it fast。 I got a 10 minute break。 Listen to some audible。

 You know， like get some audiobo going Oh gotta sleepless。 gotta do this。 Go out。😊。

And it stress you out a little bit， which then kind of like sometimes can cause that connection that you can have with certain people because you're always just like success oriented。

 And the thing is that also your values。 if you look at your top values。

 you will see that this question usually tries to get your top values。

 to kind of like fulfill those top values。 but you don't even need to know about the value thing if you can find out and find out that primary question that you're asking yourself on a consistent basis。

And usually， if you just again， ask yourself right now， what am I asking myself。

 where is this all coming from？Then once you have that compass question。That again。

 is usually triggered or would have extremely。Fatal consequences or extreme consequences。

 If it happened or didn't happen， For example， how can I become the best。The fastest way possible。

 if I would not be able to do this， like， if it would be like， well。

 you can become the best or you can do it， you can become the best， the fastest way possible。

 I'd be like， oh my God， it feels like death。So the consequences of this question being fulfilled and not being fulfilled usually feel like death。

 which will give you somewhat of a clue what your question is now if we do this in person we can like really figure it out。

 but with the knowledge I just gave you if you think about it you will be able to find that one or how can I learn this might be another one okay there's a lot of different ways you can ask yourself something that is pretty much like general and it always applies in every single situation。

Now。What you can do is you want to。Find that question。

 ask yourself what are the consequences of me asking this， is this empowering me or it empowering me。

 is it not empowering me， And if it's a disempowering question。

 you want to maybe change it up a little bit。And I'm going to give you a couple of examples here。

 One of my favorite examples is from a book calledEssentialism，If you haven't checked out that book。

 go and get it。 It's written by guys， which last name I can almost not pronounce is like Me Kon or Cohen。

 It's not Cohen。 But it's like M， C K， E， O， W N or something like that。

 Just Google essentialism you will find it。 And his question is， what's important now。

Which brings all the focus to the present moment because that's the only moment we're living。

 We're only living right now。 We always， but we tend to think about the past and already anticipate the future。

 and we are totally missing all the beauty and stuff that's happening right now。

 Another question that I love is from。😔，A guy called Tony Robbins。

 who would have thought that he's got a great question。 His question is。

 how can I appreciate the perfection of this moment， even more。Right。

 kind of like presupposes that youre already appreciatereciating the perfection。

 It presupposes that this moment is perfect and it gets you that gratitude。

 It brings you to a better state from which you can act。More effectively。

Another one that I like is what is the right thing to do that 20 years from now， I will be proud of。

 or I would be proud that I did。😊，These are just a couple of ideas for questions you could start asking yourself。

 Now， the way to hammer it in is literally choose one like what's important right now and go for a walk in the forest and choose chant it。

 What's important right now， What's important right now， What's important right now。

 What's important right now。And you will literally just hammer it in into your brain more and more and more。

 So the next time you get in a situation where you might be a little bit stressed， you're like。

 what's important right now， Well， maybe it's not important to freak out about these things。

 but it's more important to connect with the ones that I truly love and are really important in my life。

Another thing that I always like to do is in the morning for at least five minutes。 Okay。

 I want to do a morning ritual。 And if you don't have five minutes5 minutes。

 like you don't really actually have a life if you can't take five minutes for yourself in the morning before you like。

 look at your film。 Okay， you wake up What I wanted to do is sit down。You can meditate。

 close your eyes if your eyes open doesn't really matter。

 You just don't want to get distracted and ask yourself the following questions。Number one is。

Who do I love。And who loves me。Which makes you think of the people that are most important in your life。

And it makes you feel the love that you already have。And you might ask yourself and tell yourself。

 hey， there's no one that loves me。Think a bit harder as usually always， at least。

A handful of people that are extremely happy that you exist。And that love you， no matter what。

 deep in their heart， even if they might not be showing it to you at this point， okay。

Brings you really to something that's most important to you and makes you able to then act upon that during the day。

 because the morning sets kind of like the whole dynamic for the rest of the day。

Second question I'd like to ask myself is， what are three things that I can be grateful for at this point。

And the first thing I always want to think of is something that I can just feel。

 something that I'm experiencing。Just like the fresh air that I'm breathing in right now， the touch。

Of the atmosphere that I'm even seeing， You know， that I have eyes。

 that I have ears that I can actually feel stuff。That I actually am。 That I realized that I am。Okay。

 these very simple things will again， get you into a state from which you can act on much。

 much more effectively during the entire day。 And it's something that makes you so attractive that girls can't stop wanting to be around you because you really get you stuff together on the deepest level。

 like who's doing something like this， who's even aware of the question they ask themselves。

 who's even aware of where this this gonna lead them。Right， no one。 if you do this。

 that's gonna shock a girl in a positive way。's like， wow， I need to keep this guy。

 He's onto something。 And the last thing that I wanted to do。

 the last question you can ask yourself in that morning is。

What am I excited about that is going to happen today， What could be， What could I be excited about？

Okay， instead of like， why am I waking up this early， Why do I have to do this， Why can't I sleep in。

That probably won't set you up for success。Or fulfillment。 if you start off the day like that。

 And the thing is， you're already asking yourself questions anyway。

 So you might as well do it consciously。So that you actually get the most out of the time that you have。

