# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：03、内外Game：4.自娱自乐【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Now we're getting to the font section of this entire program where it's about self amusement or fun。

 It's one of the most kind of like important characteristics。

 a guy that wants to be attractive to girls has to have because it really shows that he really actually doesn't care about what other people think he doesn't care if he's looking cool。

 he's very real， when you're being self-ammused to being extremely real。

 and that draws the girl in because after hygiene humor is the second most important thing for a girl to feel attraction。

 So once you have your hygiene down， which means you took a shower， you groomed yourself。

 you shave your beard and have it already。😊，Next thing you really want to focus on is having that humor because you you look at any guy that's good with girls。

 he usually is having fun， like all the time， right。

And he always finds kind of like the fun thing in an interaction， which gives you that fun state。

 It also doesn't make the girl the number one thing that you kind of like focusing on。

 And it's not about her because you always put the fun first。 So instead of being like， hey。

 how can I get her， I need to get the girl， You ask yourself， how can I make this fun for myself。

 what can I do or say right now， that I'm gonna have fun instead of like， well。

 how can I like get this girl， which will make her feel like you don't have an agenda at all。

 makes her more relaxed， makes her actually loosen up a lot more so you can actually meet her。

 not the person that she's trying to show that she is。

 You actually find her genuine self because she can be more goofy around you as you're being real and you're not being judgmental in like a serious way。

 You can like be teasing。😊，You don't want to be like， oh， whoa， what did you do like that's not cool。

 you can't do that then it goes like， whoa whoa， well， maybe I can't be really myself with this guy。

And lastly， it makes meeting girls。Never ever boring， right。

 because you might be like going out for years， might be meeting a new girl or new girls every week。

 every month， whatever your lifestyle is like。 And some people sometimes it becomes somewhat like repetitive。

 But if you have this in there， it's always fun because you always focusing on the fun first。

 It's the most important thing。 So what exactly doesn't mean to be self amusing。

 right So as kind of like the。😊，Word says it already。 Self auseement means that you amuse yourself。

 So when you amuse yourself， there is no need whatsoever for an external validation to have that externally be reaffirmed and like。

 yes， what I just did was awesome。 So you just focus on your own fun。

 So instead of like saying something to impress her， you say something to like impress yourself。

 wasn't that good。 wow， this was really funny。 the number one objection as you could imagine its just having fun。

 not to go， which makes you totally free from outcome。

 And you wantna have a 100% focus on creating your own fun。 And then sharing that without us。

 So instead of like saying things。 So just others have fun， you say something for yourself。

 So youre having fun。 And then you shared that state that you create。

 which just talked about state management and how to get into the right state。

 Then you then you shared that。😊，State with others。 but just being around them。

 they will actually start to feel more amused as well。

 And the great thing about the self- amusement is that you have that push pull happen naturally because what's usually funny if you ask yourself like。

 hey， what can I do or say right now so that I'm gonna have fun。

 You might say something that's positive。 And then the next thing is more be slightly less positive is maybe a bit more negative and it's kind of like this teasing and having fun with the girl It's like back and forth。

 which gets her going。 which is interesting for her because she like she doesn't know exactly what's gonna happen。

 you still with her， which probably means that yes， you like this girl。😊。

But you're not putting her now as like number one in the world， especially when it just met her。

 right， otherwise it just again。Means that you have extremely low standards。And that you。Wch is。

Not be able to get girls like that。 If you like make her that important from the very beginning。

 And I'm just gonna look at my nose because I want to make sure that we。Com everything here。

 So how do you do it， How can you be self amusing， comes back to what we talked about just before the focus。

 right， What kind of questions do you ask yourself。

 So I want to start asking yourself the question of。How or。Wops， just forgot the question。

 Great audio。 What can I say or do right now so that I'm gonna laugh。 That's gonna make me laugh。

 That's gonna make me crack up。 What can I do or say。😊，So that I'm going to start laughing。

 Oh that would make me laugh。 Allright， And if you ask yourself that question。

 you will come up with an answer。 You'd be like。😊，呵呵。😊，That was a bit funny。

 And then that only really has to be funny for you。 Everybody else in your environment。

 It doesn't really matter。 as long as it's genuine in that moment。

 That's why it's a little bit harder to be like， yeah。

 just do this one thing to get into that state because it's always， it has to be real。

 Okay about stuff mean， It's very important。 It has to be real can't be something that you to say。

 So something maybe that I say might make me crk up， I might not make you crk up。

 So if you say it won't work。 So instead of that， you want to go one level deeper and ask yourself that question。

 I want to say it again。 So what can I say or do right now。😊，That will make myself laugh。

 And the second thing that you can do is like， imagine your physiology， what you do。 And I literally。

 I can just do when I， when I'm skiing stuff amazed and I laugh， I like tense。😊，My absolute it。

 I go like this and I change my smile。And I do this。 And a boom。

 I'm in a much more selfamous state than I was before。 So again， physiology triggers yourself， right。

 So before you actually go up and start talking to that girl， you want to ask yourself。

 what could I say or do right now that I could that will make myself laugh and also doesn't harm anyone in a bad way。

 just like as an addition to make sure that you do something that is， you know。

 harm harmless that doesn't hurt anyone。😊，And then you go up and start doing those things。

 which gets you in a good state。And then the next step， which we'll cover later， is like。

 you want to make sure that she also has that empathy so you kind of like want to take that step back so she can feel like。

 oh okay， nice。 This guy isn't like full on crazy。 He's doing it for himself or his own amusement。

 And he also can relate it to me so that I can follow and I understand where he's coming from， right。

 And this is， again， another key。 Now， there's another key for the arousal section。

 So we already have。Polarity。 we already have curiosity。 And now here we have the fun。

 which kind of like finalizes this part here of arousing for the girl。

 And the trusting things we're gonna have a bit of look later on， plus this will be repeating itself。

 Okay， Se amusement is something that you want to come back all the time。

 So what do I do before I see before before I see a girl， It's like all the time。

 before I go and start talking to that girl。 It's like I ask myself that question。

 And I literally just like get myself into the state。

 And I'm like walking up like internal internally laughing already。

 And then like no matter what happens， I'm just focusing， how can I make this more funny。

 even if the girl doesn't look at me straight away。 It's just like， how can I make this more funny。

 right， I might just like just like pretend to trip like oh shit of。😊，And I start to trip。

 And then the girl is like， oh， what's happening， but not in a reactive way like， oh。

 I want to get your attention。 It's like， what's funny right now。 Okay。

 truly funny doesn't harm anyone。 And then if the girl isn't interested， then you'd be like， okay。

 cool。Let read， right， you don't want to be kind like forcing yourself on anyone and you don't want to be like totally obnoxious。

 Okay， so you want to have that fine line。 So what do you want to do when you actually go out and you're talking to that girl right And now in that interaction。

 How can you keep that self amusement going， how are you gonna use this Why does it make sense。

 So the thing that want you to do is always realize if she bored right now。

 What does she seem more like confused， maybe that shet can't kind of like relate to what you're saying。

 So she seems bored。 That's when you want to start self amusing。 if she's like。

 oh I don't get this guy， It might not be the best thing to keep self amusing。

 there you actually want to take that step back， which we're gonna to look at later and make it more relatable。

Then what if you really， really， don't feel like doing this。 What if you really， really just like。

 hey， I don't want to like go and selfimpuse myself right now is then you ask us， you ask yourself。

 if I could make myself laugh right now， What could I do if I really。

 really had to because you can always make yourself laugh。

 You can always at least put a little smile in your face。 it's all in your control。

 you just might be so used to the emotional state that you're in that you're like。

 now another thing that I wanted to make sure of is that this is something that has to be real。

 I'm giving you a tool， that question and that physiology that is gonna make it happen。

 You can't just use it as a technique and like， yeah， I'm just gonna do this to like trick someone。

 This won't work。 It actually has to be genuine otherwise， you will not be successful。

 And you always want to kind of like adjust it。😊，To the environment。

 don't want to do kind of like in a very quiet environment。

 You want to be jumping around and being super loud because no one can relate to that。

 And you're just alienating people。 right， So in an environment like that。

 you might want to do it more verbal， say things that are funny。

 do little things that will amuse you in a loud， crazy nightclub。

 that's where you might be a little bit louder， bit more expressive。

 So you always like want to adjust it to the environment。 And as I said。

 like you always have to make sure it's real。 And it's literally all up to you。

 And that's a great thing because it's all in your circle of influence。

 It's nothing to do with anything external。 It's all in your control。

 It's all up to you of how you feel。 And if you can get yourself into that self and used kind of like state from which then all the actions kind of like a foundation that if you have that almost like playfulness about you。

 everything kind of like seems a little bit。😊，More interesting， no matter what you really do， right。

 so。You want to make sure that it's real。And you also are gonna have so much more fun。 Okay。

 it's not just about like gangning the girl。 Like you literally just have so much more fun going out or talking to people or just about life。

 because we literally like， when we're like walking around or doing something。

 I do something of my friends。 It's like every like five minutes。

 which' just cracking up because I've trained myself so much in this direction。

 I always want to find something that's funny。 It's gonna make me laugh。 even though very， very。😊。

Like in the very beginning long ago， I was extremely intellectual and extremely logical。

 I'm still very intellectual and logical， but in the right areas， not in this。 and actually。

 if you're really that logical and that intellectual wouldn't be more of a logical thing wouldn't be the more logical thing to actually talk and speak and communicate to。

 for example， girls in a way that they can actually relate and they can actually instead of just hearing something that you say。

 they can actually connect with your intention that you have。😊。

Because they have a different filter than else。 wouldn't that make more sense than just trying to logically make something happen in a way that the other sex can't relate to。

Thank you so much and we're out。