# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：02、女性心理学：1.神话【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Welcome back。 It's Valentino。 and I brought one of my friends， Alicia。 She's just a friend。

 And what we're gonna go into right now before we go into kind of like what's happening inside a girl's head。

Is debunk a couple of myths that guys have that they think that they have to do， for example。

 to be able to get a girl， to get her attracted， to get her， to like them。 mythth number one。

Is that looks and money matter， or they would be the most important thing for a girl。

 having the looks， having the money。Problem with it is that some guys see a good looking。

And rich guy have a very attractive girl。 And then they think， well， he has the money。

 He has the looks。 That's probably why she， that's why she likes him。 And that's the only reason why。

 And they confuse correlation with causation。 There's certain things that might just happen at the same time。

 for example。Really， really like back in the day。 There might have been some rain。

 or there was no rain。 Let's say there was no rain。 and people did a dance。 and started raining。

 There was no causation。 But they're like， hey， these things happen together。

 So they must be kind of like a connection。 that guy that might have all that money in the looks。

 He's probably just acting extremely confident。 He knows what he's doing， He has purpose。

 He's not apologetic and that's what the girl feels more kind of like attracted towards then if he's like some pretty boy because you can see。

 for example， if a guy is even extremely good looking。 But he acts kind of feminine。 And he's like。

 hey， girl， like， you know。Do you mind if you like go for like， what do you want to do？

And she's like。Is， is this， is this just like a girlfriend。

 And it feels kind of like a girlfriend And this like depolarization happens。

 which we go into a little bit deeper later on。 And pretty much everything that I'm gonna to cover right now。

 I just want to touch on the surface， get right to the core。 And then throughout this entire course。

 all of these things will sink in much， much deeper as well。 Then this is one of my favorites。

 which I actually had when I kind of like started out once I broke up with my girlfriend。😊。

That a girl would need to be logically convinced。 By the way， she。

 she actually never heard any of these。 So she's just like， you know。

 hearing these for the first time。 So we got a genuine reaction here。嗯。

Girls need to be logically convinced to， for example。

 get intimate with you or to get into a relationship with you。Right。

Is that the case or it's like no really right， you're like，I have this car， and I went to Harvard。

 and I'd be a great match， right？ And turn off totally， because what does it mean。

 it actually means that you don't feel like you're enough just the way you are。😊。

You're overcompensating and you're acting in a way as if she was up here and you're down here and you've tried to like give her logical reasons why she should like you。

 So what do you want to do is you want to change her mood， not her mind。Right。

 and have you ever felt like that at one point， you were like。

 I don't think this is gonna to happen or it is not the right thing。

 And then like an hour later or maybe even five minutes later， you're like， hey， I don't know。

 I feel different now。Yeah。😔，Right。Justs like thinking back。Where。We。Guys。

 we also kind of like react and act from any emotional state that we have in that moment。

 But girls do it 10 times more than us。 So if a girl doesn't feel good。

 she just doesn't want do anything。 And if she feels good， she's like， yeah， I'm up for more stuff。

 I'm happy to keep this going， because they always react to their emotional state。

 Then this one kind of like plays into the one that I just covered， which is。😊，Again。

 one of my favorites， for example， if you go on a date。Right， and then the guy。

Kin of like starts a resume like exchange。 And he's like， oh， so， you know， resume， resume exchange。

 Sorry my English。嗯。And he's like， well， well， where did you go to school， Where did you do this。

 Which is fine。 Like after at one point， you can find out all these things。

 but not as like the very first thing you talk about， like， you meet a girl ands like， oh， well。

 what is your name， what's， where is your grandmother from， Whats you know。

 where did you go to school， You know， like， look at my resume。😊。

Because why do I know this is true because？Once I realized that women are much。

 much more kind of like responding to how they feel。

 all I would pretty much let a girl know before she would to get to know me a little bit better is like my first name。

 like literally， and maybe my nationality， like all they would know is Valentino。

And like my nationality， nothing else， right， because I know that it's much more about the vibe that you put off。

And not that much about like all these things that happened in the past。

 because we always want to be able to trust a person。 We want to be able to have fun with a person。

 And it all has to do with like what kind of vibe this guy have。

 and why isn't important that you don't have that resume exchange happening is because， again。

 it seems like you're trying to like logically convinced why you are already good enough。

 why you would be cool enough to hang out。 It's much more about the vibe。

 That's really like the main piece you want to be like focusing on， which would go into very。

 very suit。Then， the last myth。That a lot of guys have。

Especially the ones that maybe never had a girlfriend before。Is that girls don't want to meet guys。

What这。It's like what that's like so far out there， like that some girls don't even want to have fun with guys。

But the thing is like they might not want to meet a certain type of guy。Right。

 you probably don't want to meet every type of guy。 But the thing is。

 once youll learn what will get into here， you will actually see that no matter where you're at。

If you work on yourself in the right direction。Then you can become one of those guys that girls love to me because like。

Like question， like， do you like meeting guys。Yeah。Thank you。

 It's like why elses would girls like go out， right？I mean， unless you。Attract to the same sex。

 Why wouldn't you want to be going for a， I don't know。 It it seems like a really obvious thing。

 Even when it's the same sex， there needs to be some polarary。

 like one part needs to be a bit more like masculine and the other one needs to be a little bit feminine because otherwise。

 if both are feminine or both are masculine， it' just buddies。Yeah， we clash。

You clash or you just can become very good friends。

 And that's what happens in a lot of relationships where' like。In at one point。

 that polarity is gone。 The excitement is gone。 And then it kind of like weirdly almost feels like brother and sister。

 you're like， this is kind of weird now because we're like。You know， like friends and that。

 that spark is gone。For you guys to not have to experience this。

 it's going to be the second video after the next one。

