# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：01、导言：01-隐形游戏-瓦伦蒂诺·科恩介绍【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Hi， it's Valentino， and welcome。The invisible game。Now you've picked up this program。

 you went out of your way， you invested your money， your energy and time to now listen to me。

 have this introduction to be exactly informed what's going to happen over this entire course of this product。

This is one of the most important educations you're ever going to go through your entire life。

 The things that I'm going to show you， I can promise you， I can guarantee you will blow your mind。

 okay。So it's amazing that you actually took action and made this happen。

 So little people do ever go out of their way to become better and one of the most important skills in life okay。

 were not conditioned by the by the way that our entire society is made to be thriving for more in the right areas。

 So I want to congratulate you for doing that for investing yourself and being one of the few that won't just have a life where they might have some kids and they lived until they were like 70 or 80 years old。

 but you can be one of the few that might even be remembered a couple centuries from now。

 And I know that sounds pretty crazy， but the stuff that you're going to learn here is going to go into that direction because。

😊，When it comes down to being successful with women。

It's one of the best kind of like tests to see if you if you're on the right path and you're going in the right direction as long as your relationships are getting better。

 you are on the right path。 Okay， if you kind of like plateaued and you always， for example。

 had the same kind of relationship or same kind of girl and you never really felt alive and you never really felt yeah。

 we're going the right direction。There you got to be a little bit cautious。

 But as long as you're growing， there is pretty much the potential for you to go up to the absolute end。

Now， maybe some of you just picked up this program。 youre like， hey， I just wantna get a girlfriend。

 I just want to like， you know， I just want to be a little bit better with girls。

 I just want a little bit more confidence I might not want to become like the next hero of the world。

 And that's totally fine。 Okay， you don't need to be the next one。

 There's only a couple that can ever be。😊，But I'm going show you so that the potential is there。

 Okay， you could do it with the tools that I'm gonna to teach you here。 If you do it or not。

 that's totally up to you and how much you're gonna use it。

 That's pretty much in your decision making。Now， when it comes to decisions。

 you've made the decision to pick up this program to look at this and become better。

 how far you want to go。 that's up to you。But， I want to invite you。To make a second decision， this。

 this second decision is that you actually want to apply everything that you're going to learn in this program。

 in the real world。Because if you don't do that， you actually。

Acting more like a fool than the person that doesn't even know than like the average guy that you' gonna meet out on the street。

 because he doesn't even know there might be a way for him to level up for him to step up for him to be someone better。

 Someone that nobody ever thought he could be。 You know this。 Okay， so don't just have the knowledge。

 but action put it in action， because knowledge alone is just potential power。Once you take action。

 this knowledge becomes your power， this one。Thing that I learned very。

 very early on from a guy called Tony Robbins， which is one of my favorite mentors。

 And you will see that some of the things that I'm gonna be kind like touching on here were influenced by him and were influenced by other people。

 because I'm always striving to learn more。 I'm always striving to get around the best people in every area that I want to become amazing at。

 because that's how you learn。 You learn by going out。

 find the people are getting the results that you want to have and then learn from them。

 not from the ones that you love。😊，Okay， so that's what I've been doing。

 So it's not just that I'm so genius and so intelligent that I just found all the answers by myself。

 but I got myself into position so I could hang out with pretty much the best people that exist to learn what they know practice it。

 put it into action， make it kind of like my wisdom because wisdom means that you know something。

 And you actually put it in action。 And now I'm gonna show your way where。😊。

It's not just like that you go up and you start talking to a girl and every single person knows what's happening because thats kind of like my story。

 right， when I started when I broke up with the high school sweetheart that I had I like it met in high school and it kept going after high school。

And then the thing was that， look， we had a great time， but I had to cut it off。

For a couple of reasons。 And then I'm like， you know， I had this girlfriend。 So I can't be that hard。

 And I was struggling， man。 I was struggling to get intimate with another girl again because I had all these rules and all these things that I thought were true because everyone was telling me。

😔，And I wasn't getting the results that I wanted。 So I got。

 I went out and I learned everything from the best people in person that I could find， right。

 And that exists。 I travel around the entire world。

 Sp tens of thousands of dollars to do this couple of years to make this happen to then be able to put this all into a system。

 as you're gonna to see at the end of this introduction video when I'm gonna to actually explain to you exactly what you got to do to be。

 to become intimate with any girl that you ever meet。So I wanted to learn that and。

The problem was that it still field felt a little bit gimmicky away。

 You could always tell what's happening。 Okay， if you， if a guy was like， you know。

 let's say I saw two people， I saw that girl and I saw a guy and he's talking to her。

 And then I would look at it。 I'm like， oh， I know exactly what that guys doing。

 or somebody else could even see that。 Or like even the normal， the average person was like， oh。

 yeah， that guys trying to chatter up。 And I'm like， that doesn't feel right。

 if I can't do it everywhere。Without anyone noticing。

 it still isn't the way that I want to be able to do it。 And then I realized that， hey。

Youve got to learn how to speak women。Okay， speak。Not women， but speak women。

They have a different filter of reality than what we have。 Guy， when we talk to each other。

Exactly what we say is usually exactly what we mean。 Okay， for an example。

 let's say you have your girlfriend。And that you had a fight。And then the girl is like。

 you know what， Like， just leave me alone。 I'm gonna I have to go。 I have to leave， right。

 And you're， you're in a committed relationship and she starts to leave。 Now。

 if a guy says the exact same thing。 your best friend。 talk to each other。 And he's like， dude， like。

 you know， leave me alone， I gonna leave now， leave me alone and he walks away。

 if you run after him and be like， hey， come back， it's really gonna punch you in the face。

 But if you do， if if the girl walks away， she's testing， she wants to see。

 does' my boyfriend care enough to actually pursue me。If she。

 like if you guys are actually a very like truly loving relationship。

 she wants you to go and pursue her。 Sam thing。 Like she says the exact same thing in the same voice。

 Sam everything as a guy， different communication because they have a different filter。

 Imagine you will go to your English speaking。 You go to China。

 And they only speak Chinese and you only speak English。 you could be as sophisticated， as logical。

 as persuasive as you want to be， But verbally the Chinese person won't understand what you're saying because they have a different filter。

 they their filter is like like the Chinese language。 And if you don't speak that。

 if he can't kind of like try to figure out what here， what kind of sounds could be Chinese。

It won't work。Okay。But you can still communicate to him because there's not only the communication that happens verbally。

 but also， how do you say things。 What's your body language lies， What are your eyes like， Okay。

 if I say if I talk like this and could you please help me， It's different than when I like， hey。

 if I talk like this， could you please help me， same ver same words。

 but it's a different communication。 So what I found。Is that women。

Focus specifically on a handful of things。 Okay， they focus exactly on these things。

 And every guy's communicating that to them。 But they don't even know。 Okay， they're like guys。

 were like all focusing on exactly what to say。 But the girl is not even looking at what we're saying。

 She's looking at， for example， how's this guy standing。

 What's his vi da da all these other things that are gonna break down throughout this entire program。

 and show you exactly what to do tangible。 not just like， give you an idea and a philosophy。

 but actually show you like do this and then do this。 And this is gonna have this kind of result。嗯。

So you want to be able to focus on those。 And if you do that。

 you can actually do it in a way where no one knows what's happening where the girl doesn't feel the pressure。

Where no one else。Things that you that you talking to this girl and you want to chatter up or whatever。

 And then in the end， you will actually get to a point where you will be choosing the girls that you wna have。

 and you will see a girl。 You will be interested and you' be like， okay， let's see what。

 where this will go。 But my intention。But your intention won't be anymore like， yes。

 I want to have this girl。 She's got to be my girlfriend just because you looked at her。

And you're like， yeah， she's kind of visually appealing。

Because you will find theres things that you can only find out once you actually get into an interaction。

 right， And again， no matter where you're at， because when we guys start。

Some guys are very afraid to just start talking to the girl。

 like just approaching a woman that they don't know yet and striking up a conversation。

 also because there's just so many ways that people are telling you you should do it that are definitely not supporting it to make it happen。

 like it just happened。Maybe some guys， you know， you just don't know what to do to take it to like the next level。

 Like once you actually started the interaction， Like， what do I do after that。

Some guys might actually， you know， get intimate with a girl， but then they never see her again。

 or they only have that happen once in a while。 And there's no no like real connection that they what they call like a real connection。

 or you have like a girl again。 And you， you see them a couple of times。

 But it's not the type of girl that you want to have， right？

 So there's like all these kind of different levels。

 And it always represents also where are you at internally， Where are you at with your development。

So。No matter where you're at， you can always come back to this program。

 whenever you hit kind of like a threshold， whenever you hit something that is holding you back。

 something where you can't push through， and you will hear something new and you might not have heard the very first time you listen to this because you didn't need to hear that at that point。

 But maybe now you're ready。 Okay， so this is something you'll be able to come back again and again。

 whenever you find that threshold。 So that you become a guy that looks like he's just hanging out with girls。

And he's not doing anything crazy。 And they kind of like start circling around him。

 And then you just， you might not even have to touch her。 I can show you like。

 with different types of girls。 I'll show you what you want to do because it's not always the exact same thing。

 Not every girl is the same， obviously， But you can kind of like see archetypes and then adjust your approach to make her feel most at ease。

So sometimes you don't even touch her。 And then you just leave with them。

 And everyone else around will just look at you and be like， hey， this guy looks super。

 this guy just looks confident， even if you might not feel confident that actually doesn't matter as much。

 but it's like， you know。He's acting confident。 And he's just leaving with girls。

 He probably knew them from before。 And you might not even have known them from before。

 Like even like yesterday， for example， I just finished like a Tony Robbins program。

 which was amazing。😊，I was working there with him。 And then at the end， you know。

 there was kind like an afterpart were all the options like， I think 6 AM or something。

 And I was at the bar。 and I'm like， you know， I'm gonna be leaving now。

 And then while I was actually about to leave a girl like come up came up to me because she probably saw me like。

 you know， talk to other the people in the bar。 And she's like， oh no， don't leave yet。

 this is happening。 And you know， I want to get to know you， blah， b， blah。

 blah So SAT down with her for a little bit。 And I'm like， you know， I really gotta go。

 And then I got like say goodbye to a couple people。

 And then she just wanted to make sure that she could leave with me without me actually needing to do and looked like I'm actually not even doing anything。

 And the guys there that knew what my profession was and that knew that I'm helping guys to become better with girls and that I'm a dating coach。

They were like， how the fuck do you do this， right。And they actually knew what I'm doing。

 but they didn't know how I'm doing it。 And that's the kind of guy that I wanted to be so that pretty much like girls end up trying to leave with you。

 And then I was about to leave。 And she like snug up to me。 very attractive girl。

 and then we started leaving and I was like， look， it's like 6 AM。 I'm super tired。

 We have to shoot this product right now， which is much more important for me。 Plus。

 we're actually fly in New Zealand in like two days to do other programs。 So I was like。

 I don't have the time right now to do this。 even if I wanted to。 And you know， I'll see you later。

 And you become the guy。 you have then kind of like the choice。 it's not really。

 it's not just up to the girl。 like all these other people。

 They always trying to make it happen and put out the entire personality and like you know。

 try to pursue the woman。 I want， I wanted to be in the position where girls just come to you trying to leave。

いう？How amazing would that be， right？ And those guys that know how to do that。They。

 they don't look like they're doing anything。And I'm going to show you how you can become one of them。

You don't have that。Uge and that need to try to do some crazy stuff that everyone around。

 which is look at you and like， oh my God， this， this guy is just like trying to get this girl way。

 way too hard。 And the last thing that I want to touch on is that something that I actually never shared。

 something that I've always been doing when I was， when I've been coaching。

 But I was something that I was happening subconsciously。

And now I actually laid it out totally logically in a formula。

So if you want to get into an intimate relationship。With a girl。There's two things。You must have。요。

Number one。Arousal。And number two， trust。If the girl doesn't trust you or she's not aroused。

 it will not happen。 Now， you don't have to be perfect at both。

 You don't have to be like 10 out of 10， but you need a combination of these two。 Now。

 that sounds kind of like， you know， like。Well， how do I build trust， How do I build arousal。

 What does it mean， is arousal the same thing as attraction， It's not same like attraction arousal。

 actually not the same thing。 So what I did， I found the six keys three here and three here to lock to kind of like unlock that door that will get you into position or get you into an intimate relationship with any girl。

 any girl， Okay， and。Throughout this entire program， we're gonna to go。

 And every single time we go and look at one of these keys。They will appear in the equation。

 as it's gonna to be extremely easy to follow because any time you're talking to a girl and it's not working out。

 it's because you have violated one of these six keys or multiple。 If you have all six keys。

 it's foolproof。 This is as close as I could get to it for you to be able to get any girl that is available which means that she has some time。

 and she's not。Totally emotionally committed to another guy。Into your life。Thank you so much。

 and this was the introductionion。