# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：05、成为满分男人：5.人生目标【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

What we' going talk about right now。Is one of the things that is most important for me to communicate to you。

Because this could literally change everything。 I know that until now we've looked at a lot of things and a lot of those things。

 even if you just did one of them could totally alter the way that your life is going to end up in the positive。

 okay， in a positive way。But。It doesn't come anywhere close to what we're going look at right now。

 which is something that's much， much bigger than just meeting girls。

 and at the same time when you have this handled， meaning girls will become a very。

 very easy task because you won't even need to do much and they will just come to you because of the energy the vibe that you're going be putting off。

Now， what's that one little thing that we're talking about right here， it's the purpose of your life。

Okay。It's like this little thing that a lot of people have no clue about。

I would literally say 98 to 99% of people out there have no idea what they would be doing if they wouldn't have to work for money。

Alright。Because the issue is that。Everyone's doing something。 Everyone's always busy。

 Everyone's running around。 Everyone's trying to press other people， but they don't go deep。

 They don't actually find that inner core of them。 Their living stories that their parents kind like influenced。

 They were influenced through。The way they were treated while they were brought up。

 while they went to school， why they went to university， while they were working。

 Everyone's kind like reacting to you。 And most people have no clue what he should be doing。

 But they might have certainty and be like， you got to do this right， And you're like， well。

 that person's telling me that he's nowhere where I want to be。 But I guess it's true because。

 you know， he's an authority figure。 So I guess I should be doing what that guy's telling me。

 And you literally giving away your freedom and the ability to choose。

 And you give it to random people or even people that you love。

 But that don't know much more about this whole game here。You do。

 and I'm talking about the game of life。So。Why is it so important to be very clear about the direction that you want to be going toward？

Well， imagine this。Nowadays， when people finish high school when they when they finish university。

 what they do is they're like， oh my God， everyone's going for this。

 Everyone's running already in a direction。 Everyone's already studying or getting to a job。 And。

 you know， I don't want to fall behind。 So you're getting into the stress kind of like hurried state。

 your parents want to make sure that you have a better life that they did。

 And when they were brought up。 They saw that everyone who had a uni degree。 You know。

 he had enough money and he had a good social standing。 So that must be still true right now。

 But actually， at this point in time。 I feel that there is。

Something like an education bubble happening where people are not even getting the rewards anymore that they want to get out that education。

But they just followed this phantom because， for example， I'm one of the people that hires people。

 right， I'm an entrepreneur。 I'm somebody that employs people。 I'm not looking。

For someone that has a certain。Degree from some university。 And that's the only thing。

 some paper that tells me that， you know， he knows something about business。

 What I'm looking for is people that have people skills and that have proven results in the field that I'm interested in that can make stuff happen instead of have academic excellence。

 But right now， I don't want to dive into that topic right there。

 I just wanted to mention that depending on what you're doing， right， you might be going to to uni。

 The two guys that are we now sitting behind the camera that are filming this that are helping me the most。

They both were actually going to uni when they met me first， and they both dropped out， right。

 And now we're sitting here on this crazy adventure together because they found that， well。

 we've been doing this。 And there was some purpose behind it。 But really。

 it wasn't the one thing that was true to myself。 And they might have been doing it more for a reason of avoiding fear。

 Okay， and I had the same feeling。 I'm like， please， I need to find a way to keep studying。 right， I。

 find out about this。 And I'm like。I got， I got， I got to keep going in this whole journey。 And I to。

 I need to find a way that I can keep studying。 I can like， I want to know how to help people。

 How can I make the biggest changes， How can I end suffering in others， Well。

 maybe I should study psychology or maybe I should， you know， do medicine or physics。

 or I don't know。 or environmental science， And I was like， I know。

 somehow I like to go through this again， and I need to keep going。 And I went to India， And I went。

 I met an amazing guru。An amazing guy。 Okay， He actually came from Israel。 He was a millionaire。

 He left it all behind and built a project in in India。 There was all about reforestation。

 water conversation。 And his whole thing is building this forest to grow people， And I talk to him。

 And I asked him， look， I want to help people， he was a psychiatrist。 I'm like， hey。

 you've been helping people。 So what do you think， I， what do you think， Should I study。

 And where should I keep going， right， because I feel what I'm studying right now is' not the one thing that I want to do。

😊，And he's like。If you w to help people。You have to help yourself first。And I'm like。Wow。

That's pretty good。 I've heard that before， like some par paraphrasing of that。

 which was like the best way to help people is helping yourself first。 And in that moment。

 it just sank in。 And I'm like， wow， I have to really walk my talk and really have to。

Get out of that box and not try to just follow everything that everyone's telling me to do just because it's been done that way for so long。

 that cannot be good enough of a reason for us to keep doing this。

And because once you are on that purpose， once you know what it is and you start following it。

 what happens is that you are a person that has the highest integrity in the world。

 and you would not sacrifice your mission for anything or anybody， Okay。

 because it would literally empty you。 And most people are living that kind of life when they're ignoring what they want to really go for to please others。

 and then they have that number one regret in the life。What's the number one regret of the dying。

You guys know it。Think about it for a second。What's the number one regret of the dying。

 ghedo's an Australian nurse。 She was spending a lot of time with people that had had terminal diseases。

 and they were about to die。 They maybe had a week， two weeks， maybe two days left。😔。

She asked him all these questions， and the nurse said that the number one regret of the dying was that they were living a life。

In。Accordingance to what other people expected of them instead of being true to themselves。

It's the number one regret。All right。So I don't want it to be one of those people。 Okay， you see。

 this is going beyond just meeting girls。That is very important。

 It's amazing to have that in your life。 But imagine you are someone who has that highest integrity who is doing what he's supposed to do。

😊，That type of person attracts other people because it's so pure and so attractive。

 That is like the strongest kind of like force that a man can ever live by， that is。

Attractive beyond。 and your wildest dreams。 You don't have to do anything because you're just radiating that purpose where a girl is like。

 wow， I really want to jump on that。 That passion is kind of like infectious， right。

 People around you will feel more passionate。 And they're like， wow， you know what。😊。

I want to do this。 I want to become a surfer。 or I wantna， I want to become a musician。 You know。

 I don't want to be living this life anymore。 I'm gonna。I'm not gonna to go for business school。

 for example， Maybe business school is your thing。 Maybe that's the one thing you really love doing。

But maybe， it's not。Maybe there's something beyond all of that。RightBecause there's two things。

That you should be doing in your life。2 things。 One is living your purpose。

And you don't have to be totally 100% exactly clear about what that is， right。

 What I was saying before is that people like start running in that direction because they feel that hurry and that stress and everyone around them。

And they don't take the time to。Ask themselves， hey。Where should I run， actually。

 Where do I want to end up， Because what most people do is they start running in this direction。

 I almost did it as well。 when I started about， I was about to start。To study medicine。

 And then 10 years later， right， they already very， very deep into this。

 And then have something that is called sunk cost bias bias。

 which have've already invested all this time and energy and all that stuff into this one direction。

 But they actually wanted to end up right here。 And now， this distance is actually further away。

 And if they just took a little bit of more time to actually become clear， where do I want to end up。

 And then you would start running， right， If I gave you a map。 And I was like， hey。

 get to this place。😊，You'd be like， what place I'm like， doesn't matter that place You'd be like， no。

 that doesn't make sense。 Like I have the map。 You need to tell me where I need to go。 Otherwise。

 it's totally irrelevant in which direction I would run。 But that's exactly what most people do。

 They get that map。 They have somebody tell them。 you got to run this direction。

 they start running that direction I oh shit。 actually， I wanted to end up over there。

 So I want to invite you to take that time。 I want to show you a couple of tools where you can literally find out the purpose in your life。

 within about three minutes。 And I'm also gonna show you a couple of things where you can go deeper。

 So once you have that general direction。 Let's say is I want to help people or I want to get people to go through these breakthroughs that it's。

 it's so rare to have that see。 You know， you know what like my purpose of life is like it's。😊。

It's something that might not be even as a parent， but something that is。Extremely important。

 like to my heart， is that whenever I see。Someone that is confused about anything。

 especially about the bigger questions in life， or he is struggling。

 He is in pain because he has certain beliefs。 He's living in a way that is not supporting him。

And then we can have an intervention。 We can talk to each other。 I can see what's happening。

 I understand what the struggle is year。 I understand because， you know。

 it's been conditioned from this side， this side， he's actually trying to get this。

 But this is blocking him。 And we can get rid of that。

 And he has that moment where he goes from like this。 like like confused to like。I get it。

That moment， that's what I'm living for。 Okay， and that's different to you。

 You might be living for the sound of music， something that you can create。

 You might be living for that perfect ride on a wave。

 And just feeling that water like this whole wall of water being destroyed behind you。

 while that surfing up and down this whole thing。 And you flying over this thing。 right。

 and I love doing that。 Okay， but it's not my purpose。

 My purpose is to help people have these breakthroughs to go from one level to the other。

 That's where what I love。 And right now。😊，What was most kind of interesting and。Grasping for me was。

Getting this area， meeting girls handled， right， Now I've mastered this。

 But it's always been about this skill。 It's always been about the coaching。 I never was。

 never it it never was like the number one thing like， get the girls， obviously。

 that's an awesome thing to have women in your life。 But once you start going this journey。

 And you start getting the results that you once thought would make you happy and they don't actually make you happy and fulfilled on a level that you expect it。

 you will have to look for more。 And I want to give you those answers right now。

 Maybe you're ready to listen to this， Maybe you're not。 But at one point， you will be。

 And you will totally understand what this means。 So first thing that make sense to do in your life is。

😊，Living your purpose。And the second thing。Is finding your purpose and everything else is a waste of time。

So how do we go about finding out that purpose in our life if we don't know it yet？

Because most people are working in jobs that they don't like。

To make money so that they can buy things。 they don't need to impress people that they don't care about。

And then they teach their kids the exact same thing and die。Let that sink in just for a second。 Okay。

 this is something that I'd heard from Alan Wats， one of my favorite philosophers out there。

 and a you。Ever have a chance to go on YouTube and you want to watch something， put in Ellan Wats。

 Okay he has great ideas and great philosophies。 And this is one of the most practical ones。

 Let that sink in。 People are doing all these work。 they all in all these jobs。 They they really。

 they don't like doing that。 And then they buy stuff like a Rolex， for example。

 This is not a rolelex here。 okay This watch cost me like 1000。 But like they buy these 10000。

20000 Rolexes。😊，But if you look at it， it's just。I watch。What's the value。

 What kind of happiness could you get out of that， like metal thing， right？None。

 it's just because the way that society is built right now is we being trained that significance and certainty are the needs that you've got to become。

 And you got to have especially significant， right， Once you're significant。

 that's when you're happy。 Once you're significant。 That's when you are truly fulfilled。

 That's how you gonna be， that's how you kind of like are being trained through all these music videos。

 rap videos for all the movies for like watching people on TV all the time。

 Like these random people that are just being chosen as actors。 And you're like， well。

 I want to be like him。 I want to be significant。 I want to be seen everywhere。

 That's what slices about。 And then you actually meet these guys， like。😊。

I met a couple of actors and musicians when I was in Hollywood when I was living there。 and I。

 and they're exactly the same as you。You know， they have the same issues。

 They have personal problems and they're living this life that seems so perfect sometimes to the outside。

 but really deep inside。 they're not happy because they're trying to reach something。

 they're trying to get something that is supposed to make them happy。

 but you can never get enough of the things that you don't need。 okay。

 it applies to health when you're eating potato chips。Okay， it's like you're eating， eating， eating。

 it's all these calories， but there are no nutrients。 and you just keep eating and eating and eating。

 whereas when you're on a healthy diet， you actually are like， whoa。

 I'm full because you're getting all the nutrients already。 Sam thing with。

 let's say fame or significance。 You， you think that's gonna give you happiness。 And then it doesn't。

😊，For example， like Robin Williams is a great example as well， right。

One of the most successful people in the world， known by so many people。

 has won everything he ever wanted to， and then he hung himself， he killed himself。

How could that happen if youre in such a perfect position as everyone love him。

 It a beautiful family and he decides to kill himself because he was running down that rat race and he just didn't find what he was looking for because there is nothing that could actually satisfy you as much as being on your purpose。

 so。😊，That is the way the society is kind of like wired right now。

How can we find what's really true for us， Okay， imagine this。 Let's play the little game。Imagine。

And you can even close your eyes and just listen to my voice。

 You will make this whole exercise a little bit better， and will have it sink in more and again。

 it's about two to three minutes long， so as relax， sit back， close your eyes。So， imagine。

That you've won the lottery。Imagine you have $100 billion。

 You're the richest person in the entire world。 Bill Gates， Warren Buffford。

 no one has as much money as you。 Okay， you give all the money to all the charities that you want to support。

 You buy your ma house。 You get rid of all the debt you might have and all your loved ones have。

 You go and get on trips all around the world。 You take your friends。

 you travel all around the world。 You do all the things you want to do， maybe your adventure。

 So you want to jump out of a couple of airplanes like me or you might actually want to just buy a super cool house。

 a villa， by the beach and you buy everything you want to have。

 You live your life through the fullest for three to four years。 Okay。

 you do everything that money could ever buy。😊，And at the end of that。

 you still have so much money left。You literally would never， ever have to work for money ever again。

And then。Someone comes to you and sayss。You will never have to work for money again。 You know that。

 right。But right now， I want you to decide。What would be the one thing that you would want to do for the rest of your life？

At least eight hours every single day。🎼Just because you love doing it。 what would that one thing be？

And now maybe a couple of answers come to you and like， well I want to play music。

 I want to be in the gym， I want to surf， I want to coach， I want to make videos。

 I want to create music， I want to touch people with the skills that I have。Right。

Everyone's different。What is that one thing for you。No matter what it is。If you like something。

Someone else is going to like it， too。And this is another story from India when we actually。

 I was in aricksh， which is a little taxi that has room for about three people or like two people。

 and we were going up to a hill because we wanted to go hiking me and a girl that I met there。

She was very young。 She was 25， but she had so much wisdom in her， and she was so alive。

 And she was extremely feminine。 and we were like going there and we we're chatting， and I'm like。

🎼You know I don't I kind of feel like what I know I feel like I know what what I should be doing。

 but I don't know like， you know what are you doing， She was a Shiatsu therapist。

 which is like a massage， a Japanese massage technique。

 which is amazing if you never had a Shiatsu therapy go and do it has actually fixed one of the biggest health issues that I had a couple couple years ago。

And she's training Shiyasu therapists， which is kind of crazy。

 like it's very hard to become a Shiazu therapist and now she's actually training Shiatsu therapist like the coach of the coaches in a way。

She looks at me and she says。You know what？It doesn't matter what you want to do。Whatever it is。

 if you have fire under your ass， you're gonna make a living out of it because whatever it is that you love。

 someone else wants to do the same thing， but he doesn't want to invest all that time into it and he wants to know the shortcuts or she wants to know the shortcuts to become a master at it。

So the very least， like the very。At the very least。

 what you can do is teach others how to do what you love to do。

🎼And we'll always be able to do what you're doing and make a living out of it。

 And in a best case scenario， you might become a part of a team where your skills are so unique and they're so well kind of like。

They're so well involved in this entire purpose of this entire team or company that you can move forward together。

And a great example for like the first thing I was talking about is like， for example， it's called。

Comparative。🎼Linguistic sciences or literature sciences， something like that。

 I think will be like the。English translation。 What that is， is's a study。

You decided as a university where you learn multiple languages and you're comparing like different artists for different like ages like or like eras。

You know， maybe 150s， like， how is this Spanish writer， Well。

 how was he influenced through by Shakespeare， or maybe this， you know。

 he was writing in the 19th0 were there any like correlations and causations happening like the purpose of that。

 like， you know， as much as I， might admire someone going for something like this。

 But it's not adding that much value in the way that I would think of value like to humanity。

 But still， people love doing it， And then those people， literally， all they can teach is that。

Like the people that study that， there's almost no other like application where you can use that skill than just teaching others how to do it as well。

 So pretty much no matter what it is， you'll be able to at least teach it to other people。

 That's the short way of doing it。 Now， if you didn't come up with an answer is because you don't even know who you are。

Which is kind of scary。If you have no clue what direction you would want to go。

 it means that you've never even been looking。So what you would have to do is find a way to take at least three months out of your life。

And least and commit that to something 100% that you might find interesting。

 and they would at least give you experience in either socializing with people or。

Taking things that would happen to your life and being able to respond to any kind of situation。

 Okay， backpacking through its if you're， let's say， European or American。

 backpacking through an Asian country， India will actually make your brain。

Come up with new thoughts before we go into that when and look at the first part。 Okay。

 where you commit yourself to a job， for example， great thing you can do is like sales。

 because that's gonna make you step it up。 That's really hard to do。

 And you're gonna to see if you actually like connecting with people。

 if you like connecting with people that you don't even know And if you would have a hand in there。

 if you never tried it， you don't know working with kids working in a job。

 where it's about building systems。 You can have any of these student jobs。

 kind of like just don't do it for the money， do it for experience that you get。😊。

And then with the money that you make， you can go and backpack。 Now， if you're Asian or Indian。

 I I don't want you to go backpack through Asia。 I want you to go backpack through Europe， America。

 North America， South America， Australia， whatever。 If you are from like a westernized country。

 you want to go and backpack through South America or Asia， That's what I did。

 because what you do is you're gonna to put yourself into a situation into an environment where the social norms are totally different to the ones back home。

 But at your place。And you will have to start thinking new thoughts， because all of us。

 we literally think about 60000 thoughts a day。After。Sad thing is。

 is that 95% of those thoughts are the exact same thoughts as the day before。

And that percentage might even be higher。 So just rethinking the same thing， the same thing。

 the same thing and need something。 that's just gonna boom， shock you out of that routine。

 And if you land somewhere where there's just a cow running on the street while someone else is getting at tattoo at the at the side of the road。

 There's hundreds of cars going like this。 people asking you for money in a language that you don't understand you're just standing there。

 have no clue where the hell you are， you will have to come up with new thoughts to handle that situation。

And you will。Find your true self because you will strip away everything that you didn't that you aren't like deep on your core because it's not helping you in that situation。

 Allright， so that way you can kind of like look and fish for it。 and then you will like。

 and you will literally be just starting to be pulled into a direction that you should be going for。

Now， the last thing I want to invite you to do is something that one of the biggest impacts in my entire life is one of almost the sole reason why I'm right here。

 Okay， there's been all these other things that have been happening as well。

 but that one must kind of like the driving force like pushing me in this direction which gave me all the certainty to do all the things that I'm doing right now。

 it's a 10 day meditation retreat that you can do all around the world。

There is no nothing involved in it that would be in any way， sectarian or religious。 There's no God。

 there are no scriptures。 There's no like cult。 There's no following。

It is purely based on a scientific approach， and it's all about just mastering your mind and being able to use this baby here instead of have this use you okay。

 and also look it up。And get other resources to have a look at this。

 ask your friends if you've done this， and it's one of these things that。

A lot of extremely successful and fulfilled people have actually done。

 but is not really talked about that much。 It's kind of like that secret little thing that the elite knows about。

 but most people haven't done。 It's called Bpaana meditation。Look it up。 It's all around the world。

The website is Dma dot org， D H A M M M， not3M， D H A M M A dot org not dot com dot org。

Have a look at it。 and it might be one of the most impactful things you've ever done。 And after that。

 let me know how you felt。 Okay， we have that forum section here。

 You can also write me personal email at Valalentino at Valalentinocohen do com。

Let me know how that experience was for you because that is really one thing that has changed my life the most。

 and I invite you to go for that and that's where I found my purpose because I asked myself on the fifth day I'm like my head was so clear my thinking was as clear as I never had it before and I was like。

 what do I really want to do in my life was right before I start I was about to go and study medicine。

 I already had all the apartment， everything sorted out。And I'm like， this， this and this。

And I asked myself， how， how is medicine going to help me to get there？ And the answer was。It's not。

So why would I go and do it， because it felt like a break。 It literally felt like it would degressss。

That's why hat。And got the certainty from to do what I'm doing right now。

