# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：02、女性心理学：2. 她脑子里在想什么？【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

And this is one I'm really interested in to see it。If she agrees or if she's going be like。Bushshit。

So what's happening inside of her head， inside of a girl's head， right？Let's have a look。Women。

Respond much， much more to emotion than guys do。 We want to have a logical reason to do things。

 right， We， when we agree on something， then that's usually happening。Women。

 when they're in there in their like feminine energy， they always want to respond to the moment。

 Everything that's happening right now， women usually can feel almost like the whole environment。

 Like， for example， if they're in a room and they're having dinner and they're talking to someone。

 And then their kids are behind them。 They know what's happening with their kids。

 They can kind of like feel what kind of interaction is happening over there。

 They have like this awareness of the present moment， whereasas guys。

 we are much more like one thing。 focuscus， right， and we can like cut off other of stuff。

 because we had to like， go out， find a thing， hunt down， kill it。

And women had to make sure it whoops。嗯。Same thing。 Like again， I'm just focusing on this。

 I might forget anything else。 And women， they had to much more be always aware of what's happening。

 for example， in the tribe。 How are my kids feeling， Hows my husband feeling， Oh my God， Oh my。

 my sister， etc cetera。 And they need to kind of like keep it together。

 Keep the whole group together。Whereas we， one thing get it done。So what does a girl fear？Actually。

 before I go into this， do you want to maybe share one or two things that you。

Are like a little bit afraid of。If you actually。Ask yourself like genuinely， just relationship wise？

嗯。And when you meet a guy， what might be going through your head like what。

Something you might get afraid were two things， maybe the first one being that the one thing that they are focused on or that they want is just sex。

Like all they're looking at me is like I'm going to get with her'm to sleep with her。

 that's it like in my head， I sort of think about finding someone and then。

Because stay with them forever， which know a bit of a fairytale ending that I suppose。😊。

You can get the vi up guys and do want that。Yeah you can tell when guys are just looking for that but you can't always so then they'll trick you and they'll make you think that they want to be with you but really all they want is sex and then the second one would be so you。

😊，You want to have a guy and you want to spend more time with him than just like a quick。

Type of thing。 Yeah， but I mean， obviously， there's gonna be girls that want different things there's some that will want that。

 But is there that I mean， maybe there's none for you。

 but is there sometimes also like a little part in you that's like。

 you know sometimes I just want to have fun。 And I don't want to like be thinking too seriously。

 Yeah， that doesn't have to be like where you live that has to be like your nature。 Yeah。

 but sometimes you might have would you say you have that kind of like。

Feeling at times you don't want to like always just have that serious relationship happening。

 I suppose so， yeah， but I'm I'm more of a relationship person， but but yeah。

 of course you want to go out and have some fun， but you sort of associate that with people treating me bad Like the guys that want that will treat you like shit So you kind of get turned off fight anyway。

And。The other one would be sort of rejection， like if you did find someone interesting。

And they were just sort of like， no， I'm too good for you。

I don't know what their excuse or reason would be， but yeah， just rejection of not being wanted。

Does that make sense， I don't know。 Yeah， Does it make sense。 We'll see。 We'll see。 We'll see。

So that actually the guy will that you don't feel like you're good enough for the guy Yeah because I feel like I'm always trying not always trying to。

 but theres definitely me trying to impress them of wanting to。

Be better or kind of figure out what they want。 and then be that。It's very good。

Very accurate to what we have kind of written down here because it's like。

 I found that there's three main things that girls are afraid of。One that you already mentioned。

 which is that the girl might actually fear that she's not good enough for the guy。And。

 and then also that there might be too much pressure。 like that the guy might come in and like。

 you even told me， like， I have quite an intense look， right。

And let's say someone might come up and he would just have like this intense look like this。And。

And he wouldn't know how to take the pressure off and he just standing there。Maybe this is。

 this is kind of exciting。 And I， I think I like this guy， but there's so much pressure here。

 And I don't know how to take the pressure off。 And you're like， I just got to leave。

 I gotta meet my friends。😊，Because there's too much tension in there。

And he doesn't take it off and you might not know exactly how to do that。And then again。

 you might feel like you're not even good enough for him。 And then you're like。

 I don't know where this is going to go。One that she kind of mentioned is that for a lot of girls。

 it's important。What kind of social status they have， Like。

 what do actually the people around her think of her。Right， And that， for example。

 if you met a guy very first night， like just， I just say，15 minutes。

And then you'd just leave with him。 And all your friends would see that。 Look at her face。

 Look at her face， right， look at her。 look at her face。 You can't because。The judging eyes。

 not just from girls， but from guys are just like。St like， you know what I mean you can't。

 you can't do that。 No even even if you like the guy， right， Yeah， nope， no， can do it。

 So if you like the guy。But he's like， hey， let's go。 Let's go。 Let's go。 And you're like。

 what are you gonna saype。But you like him。Or you like it。Right， guys would be like。

 what I don't understand because she doesn't want to feel easy。

 She doesn't want to be looked up on as being easy in front of all her friends。

In front of anyone that knows her， but most importantly， even in front of you。

Because what do you think， I'm gonna think， right， if you just come， let's say。

150 minutes or whatever， plus at this point。For me。And hopefully， for you very， very soon。

 it shouldn't just be like that you look at a girl and you're like， yep， she kind of looks good。

 fuck it。 let's go， right， And you already made that decision because there's so many good looking girls out there。

 And you want to be in that position because for example， I'm working like so much。

 And I'm doing all these other things And I'm coaching all the time that I don't have that much time to spend with a girl。

 So if I want to spend that time with a girl。 I want to make sure that it's one that I'm gonna have a good time with。

 not that it's just pretty because if she， I mean， there's a lot of them out there So you become the guy that also chooses the girl。

 not just like， yep， Im yep doing this， because if you do that。 first of all， you tell the girl。

All that you want is just the physical thing， right。Plus， she will not feel chosen。

 and it also shows that you have actually， I'm already skipping head here。

 but it also shows that you have very， very low standards。Right。

 and that you probably are not getting a lot of girls。 if you' just like。

 I'm just gonna take whatever I can type of thing。 It doesn't really make you feel special。

Makes you feel like。楼啊。Exactly， so you want to take that away because even if she came with you and she likes you and you like her。

 she's afraid that you think， oh， she's one of the easy ones。

 plus what does it mean if she came with you after 50 minutes。You might be good。

 but you're not that good。 There's other guys that probably would know how to do this as well。

 And then you exti or assume that she probably also would leave with just any random dude。

After 50 minutes， which then doesn't really make her kind of like girlfriend material。

 which is what she wants， right？嗯。But you can do it a lot， lot faster and pretty much。

99% of guys out there， if you understand。How this works。No she she's looking at my notes。 She's like。

 let's see。 And yeah， the first one is that you just expect too much。😊，From the very beginning。

 And you're like， you know what， this is gonna go somewhere。 We're gonna go on a date。 Let's。

 let's say you meet a guy during the day。 And he's like。

You might exchange numbers after like5 minutes or something。 And then you's like， okay， you know。

 we're gonna go on this amazing date。 and we're gonna like。

 I'm gonna like rent a horse and we're gonna go down the beach and we're gonna look at the sun fucking set or rise or whatever。

 And then we're gonna have a picnic。 And and you're like， whoa， whoa， whoa， way too much。Why。

 because she doesn't know you yet。It doesn't know how you're going to act。Plus。

 she feels like you're expecting something to happen。 But as we just said。

 a girl acts according to the way that she feels in this moment right now。

And if she doesn't feel well or she doesn't feel happy， she might not want to go for that。

But she doesn't know how she's going to feel tomorrow。True。

 exactly so it needs to be more casual and then it just happened。Yeah。

 otherwise I seem way too keen as well if like they're too excited。

 like why are they like that and what it be like if。You what like what would， what。

 what would happen if you actually went on that date and he has all this expectation。

 And then you would say， no， I can't do it。That's kind of painful， right， because you。

 you would then not fulfill his expectations。 And it's not that easy to say no to a guy like。Exactly。

 and then she might do something that she doesn't want to do。 So she's just not gonna text back。

 She's gonna be like， no， fuck。Most of the time。It's true。

 they've got the guts to say no then they will otherwise they're just trying to avoid it。

Have to deal with。So it might not even be that she doesn't like you。

It's just that she doesn't know you yet。We get into that very very soon as well as all of these things will make sense at the end。

Next thing， myths regarding kind of like imaginary rules that guys have when they think they want to move things forward。

 right， We as guys， we are extremely focused of what's happening outside here。Right。

 like am I holding hard air horns， hands， are we touching horns？It's actually Swiss German。

 So I slipped a little bit。 Have we kissed yet， anything has anything like that happened。

Because otherwise， he doesn't know where it's at。 right， We're very externally focused。

 Women are more internally focused。 like， how do I feel， Where's this going， I don't know。Right。

 so a couple of things that guys think need to happen before they can actually keep it going is number one。

 they feel that they would have to kiss， they would have to make out before you could like go home with a girl and chill at yours and then maybe watch something。

 watch a video， whatever and then something would happen。Right。Which， which？It's not needed。

 you don't need to， I think it's almost better if you don't if you just wait then they're like oh like he's not pressuring me。

 I like him a little bit more because he's not pressuring you， he's not trying to make a move on you。

😔，It's better if they don't， I think exactly， exactly because it actually kills attention a bit right Yeah it's more relaxed they get to just。

😊，Get to know how they feel without anything in the way。 Like because then you know what's up， right。

 Yeah， Like I'd say like someone makes out with you or whatever you kiss。 And youre like。

 that's cool。 But its， oh， no， let's go home。 And then you're like， oh， oh， whoa， But like hey。

 let's just you know， chill。 And then you're like， I don't know what will happen。

 And this is like we get into this very soon。 There's there's kind of like a phrase that you want a girl to be thinking。

 And if you can do that， she's yours。😊，A you interested in knowing what the phrase is going to be？嗯。

Then the next thing is kind of like has to do similar with like the makeup is like。

 you have to physically。Be like escalating and touching her all the time to move it forward。

I find that annoying personally， I think it's like clingy and they just got to touch you you're like what are you doing just sit next to me don't have to be touching me all the time and it's like they're insinuating that they want something to happen。

😔，Sexually used like。Its tooo much。呵呵。😊，It's very accurate。 It's very。

 very accurate because some girls， they actually， they don't even know what's happening。

 they can't usually verbalize it。She's really， really good at it。 And the same thing again。

 What if let's say you meet a guy at a club and let's say he's like sitting like this and he's like touching you all the time。

 What does he mean， It kills the curiosity。 It kills what will happen。Right， and you're like， okay。

 I know exactly where this is going， plus why is he trying so hard and it feels like a little bit too excited。

And again， he's focusing on the external， whereas a girl usually focuses what's happening inside。

Next。Being the yes， man。 because it one of my favoritets。 Beinging the yes man doesn't work。

 What do I mean by being the yes man， Being the yes man means that you're。

Any opportunity that you would have to， for example， as I just said， like touch a girl。

 move it forward， give her a compliment， kind of like agree and try to push it forward。

If you're doing that every single time， she knows what will happen。 There。

 there is no curiosity because the entire interaction'm like， yeah， let's do this。 Oh， let's do this。

 Hey， let's do this。 Let's go this。 Let's touch you here。 Let's do this。Then what is she thinking？

Guys would end up at yours。 He's gonna do the same thing。 Hes again gonna try。 It's gonna be more。

 But if you actually just have more of like a dynamic where there might be an opportunity to do something。

 but you might not be like full on her。 but you're like， hey， let me I just gonna talk to her now。

 And she said， why， what， what， what。back here。 Why isn't it talking to me， What does it mean。

 And you have that play， It's kind of like a game。 And it makes it more interesting。

 It's like a movie， right， similar like with the movie， because it kind of like gives away the end。😊。

Imagine。I would be suggesting we should go to the cinema。 Like， there's this amazing new movie。

 like with Will Smith and you've never no one has seen this before。

 And it's like probably the best movie of the decade。 And you're like。😊，Cool， yeah。

 I w to watch this。 And I oh， before we watch it， at the end， he's gonna die。

 These two people will get together。 And this is kind of like the entire point of the movie。

 And this is why they did this。 And you're like。😊，Why are you telling me， I don't want to know。

 I want to discover it myself。Assuming that there will be a happy ending。But not knowing 100%。

Same as like when you meet a girl。You don't want to take that ending away by being totally upfront。

So that she's like， I mean， he's here， so he might like me。But he's not doing much。

 So will anything happen。 And he might， you know， he might have a girlfriend。

 He might not do anything anyway， so。I want to find out。

And you keep the kind like the game going until the end。

 because you want to know there's going to be happy ending or not。Would you agree？

Proably make them try more as well if they're like。Bit better than no。

 come here and like try harder to the guy。Exactly， because that will literally like make the girl to like start going for you。

And。You're not making it obvious。 And it shows that you have higher standards because after a while。

 it kind of like。It's something that is also more interesting for you。 Like for me。

 it's just meeting a girl that that entire like process is almost as interesting or even more interesting than anything that could happen later on。

😊，Just like two people meeting each other。 You never know what's going to happen and you kind of like discover scouring it at the same time together。

And it's like， I don't know where this could go。 And that leads to kind of like having this overall frame。

Where you put the following sentence， like in her mind。Which is。I know this guy could let's say。

 go home with me。But will he。You'll be questioning and playing it over in the head。 Yeah， right。

 It's not like， I know this guys gonna go home with me or I know that this guy wouldn't be able to go home with me。

 But it's like， I know he could。 He probably wouldnt know how to make it happen with me。

 And he makes me feel at ease。And it's not too much。But will he do it？

And then it'll make you want him to want to do it you like want me？😊。

Because one of the biggest fears is that。All of us have， there's actually two biggest fears。

Number one is the fear that you're not enough。To do anything。To be。A soccer player to be a musician。

 to be a coach， to be whatever。And the one that's even below that is the fear of not being loved。

By the person that you want to love you and that fear of like not being enough that is actually fueled by because you feel I'm not enough to be loved。

So we all have that guys and girls， right？And that's why she will then actually start going for you。

And you give her room to do that， especially， for example。

 imagine we'd be talking in an night clubub， we're sitting next each other and I lean in like this。

 And I talk into your ear。 And I'm like leaning in like this like full on like pretty much closing the whole gap that we have。

 right？ Now， if you want her to lean in。 If you want her to go for you。

 she can she do that right now without actually almost like kissing me。Almost no。

 like she could move like this much， right？ There's almost no room for her to lean in。

 But let's say I go in and I say something into her ear。

 and then I lean back and she wants to say something into my ear。 Then she will have to like lean in。

 and I give her all that room。😔，Right。For， for her to pretty much do that。 So it's a dynamic thing。

Because you don't want to be like on on on on on on on。 You want to be on and then off。

So that she's like， okay， I feel that he's given me that whole room that I would need。

And that doesn't only happen physically， but it also happens emotionally。

 It happens kind of like mentally。 It happens with the tension that you put into the interaction on all those levels。

 And that way。You build something that is like one of the six keys that I talked about in the introduction。

 One of the six things that if you do this， you can pretty much get intimate with any single girl out there。

 Okay， she doesn't know those six keys yet。 when might tell her later on。

 but one of those keys is curiosity。And that he builds a little bit more of arousal， if she's like。

I don't know what would happen Now I want to find out Yeah It's kind of like a is it would you say somewhat of a turn on if a guy does that a little bit Yeah definitely because you it's even how if girls wear something where you can see everything it's like oh well。

 I know now So it's not as as exciting。 You want for us obviously it's emotionally and like like what's he like where might this go leaves questions you want to definitely what you said before。

 you want girls to be doing that because questioning it then they want to find out because they want to know。

😊，But for little guys， like I got to tell you， like。

 do you have that curiosity thing or like they don't understand that because they're like。

 I like to girl like， let's go。😀Yeah。😊，Now， I've noticed that in a bit too full on。

 like I want you let's go。Too much too soon。嗯。And that comes back to the curiosity。

 something internal。And doing something in the， like， you know。

 like touching her or like leading her。 That's all extra。 That's like the guys。 like， yes。

 I can see that we're touching hands。 That means it's good。

We're going forward here because otherwise he's like， where am I at， you know？So it's more about。

 again， being able to speak woman， to be able to communicate in a way where you actually where you have to respond in the way that you want。

 but you need to understand how she's thinking so that you get the pleasure that you want to have and you get rid of the pain that you don't know what's happening。

 you don't understand why a girl likes you， but then she doesn't want to go with you or she doesn't want to get intimately he or she doesn't want to get into relationship with you。

 even though she likes you， because she's pulled into these two directions right。

 and as we just as we're gonna look at in the next section。We all have pain and pleasure。

 And if pleasure and pain seem to be the same amount。

 we always do the one thing that's going to avoid pain instead of gaining that pleasure。

So for example， for her。If you go out and this this amazing guy and he wants to like do something And after 15 minutes for her。

 Yeah， there's pleasure to hang out with this guy and how all these things happen。

 But at the same time， there's also pain to look very easy to have all her friends be like。

 look at her to have other guys in a group be like， oh， well， you know， she's she's one of those。

 And there's so much pain。 So what is she gonna do， She wants to avoid the pain。

 So she will not go for the pleasure。 And you think that she just doesn't like you。😊，Men's logic。

But does that make sense anyway would you say that's somewhat what do you think。

 I think that's very accurate And nine times out of 10。

 the girl will definitely not go for it because she doesn't want to either get judged or looked at funny or or for the guy to think that she's just like that because most of the time she wants to see something happening with that guy so she doesn't。

If she doesn't want a guy that gets someone after 15 minutes。

 she wants someone that's going to take their time and actually be interested in you。

Or does she want a guy that could get any girl after 15 minutes， but waits a week for her。Hold that。

I didn't explain it like that。 Yeah， that too。 I like that one special guy that gets everyone。

 but for her， he makes an sense。 changes for her yeah。😊，Yeah， it's bit of a fairy tale again。Alright。

 good。 that's for this section Now。 in the next section。

 we want to go into something that I call polarity where you can pretty much with that。

 You can explain about 95% of relationship problems。 And it's again， gonna be this one thing。

 If you just do that。You could literally change your entire life， especially in relationships。

Sound good。 Why， wave， bye， bye。