# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：04、执行：6.如何让她成为你的女朋友【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

You know now what to do when it comes down to meeting a girl that you've never met before。

 how to meet her， how to make her feel at ease， how to go from pretty much 0 to 100 in terms of intimacy and then how to make that thing。

 even more solid， right？ Oh， wait， no， we haven't talked about this yet。

That's what this video here is about。 The skill that you're gonna learn right now。

 The mindsets that I want to kind of like install into you are going to take this to the mastery level。

 because isn't it kind of weird that some people get intimate with a girl。

 But then they never actually even get her to accept their Facebook friend request as an example。

 because for me， when I get intimate with someone。 I want to make sure that that person had such a great time。

During the interaction and also during， let's say， the intimate part that she's like， wow。

 I want to meet this guy again， This was awesome instead of being like I might have done something that I didn't want to。

 I'm totally not about anything like that。 And if that's the only thing that you want to do。

 Maybe then this wouldn't be the best program for you， right， This whole thing gets you there。

 but we wantna take it a step thirder。 So you have that choice of making any girl that you meet。

 that you meet it in an intimate sense。 someone that you can see over and over again。

 And then eventually we choose to get her into your life as your girlfriend， wife， soulmate。

 whatever you want to call it。😊，So。If you can't keep the girl， as I said。

 you haven't really mastered this and。One of my friends， one of my best friends。

He was a perfect example for this because he had a month once where he slept with about， I think。

17 to 19 girls。 In one month， all of them were one night stands， right。

 He had all of these girls in 30 days that were all extremely attractive， at least in a visual sense。

 but。None of them wanted to see him again。 And he became extremely frustrated。 And it was a very。

 very painful experience for him， which sounds kind of weird If you've never been intimate with a girl or you haven't had such abundance in your life。

 But that's where you really find that。 Well， it's not just about the numbers。

 It's really about being able to take it to the next level。

 It's not just what society tells you you want to be able to do。

 It's really what resonates with us as human beings on the deepest level is that connection。

 that only happens when you do the things that we're gonna to talk about right now。 Now。

 when youre taking it to the next level， You don't just want to have a average relationship where you're like meeting your girl in the morning。

 You're like， hey， love you。 Yeah， I love you， too。😊，And you go off and do your thing。

 And you see each other at the end of the day。 And you're like watching TV and become， you know。

 kind of like， get into this routine that has just no passion at all。

 What I want to show you is that with any girl that you actually meet。

 you can take it to that passionate， playful， loving relationship that amplifies the entire human experience。

 Okay， as one of my favorite kind of like movie quotes in。😊，Ever。

Says happiness is only real when shared， It's from the movie into the wild。

 And when you can amplify that with an intimate partner。

 that experience can almost not be compared to anything else， but it has to be based on true love。😊。

The issue is that pretty much every single person that gets into a relationship doesn't love their partner。

And you were probably one of them。 I know I was， you know， at certain points， for sure。

Because what you experience is that you're only happy when you' with them。

And that's called neediness， not love。Our society is confusing those things。

 Neediness means that I'm only happy if I'm with you。 Love means that your needs。

 I want all I want to do is make sure that your needs are fulfilled。

 and I want you to be on your path doing the things that you love doing， being true to yourself。

 no matter what the people around you are saying。 And that is where I will find the truest and the deepest happiness and fulfillment。

 right， now， we might not be ready for this。 and maybe I will slip back at one point。 But right now。

 actually have relationships where I really love the girl。

 And we're not in on the same continent even。 But the connection is so deep that all I really care about is for her to have the best time she could have。

 And whenever we will be together， that connection is so strong。 Okay。

 and that's something that most people will actually almost never experience in their life because you have。

😊，To get to a point where your happiness， you realize that your happiness or your emotions are 100% you control。

We also can call it being independent。 Okay， when you have that neediness， it's like。

 I need you un me。 We call this codependence。When you are independent and she's independent。

 you don't need each other。 But together， you can build that interdepend relationship。

 It's a concept from。Stephen Covey， it's in seven habits of highly effective people。

 effective people。 And there he says how that synergy cannot amplify the experience by like one plus one equals2 or one and a half or three。

 but it can equal 10010，10000。 It can make it so much better。

 And that's pretty much ultimately what you want to end up， right， You want to be going out。

 you want to be meeting people。 you want to be meeting girls， you want to be dating。

 And that's pretty much how every successful。 most successful relationships kind of got together was that both partners were living in an abundance state。

 They were meeting different people。 And then for some reason， there's just like， wow。

 when I hang out with you， it's just so much better。

 And it feels like a waste of time to be with these other people。😊。

Let's keep this going right And you hang out with her you're like， wow。

 this is so much better than when I hang out with somebody else。

 And when you actually follow all the things that you have seen until now。

 you will get to this place a lot faster than you think you would okay because I know that this might sound a little bit like too good to be true。

 but if you actually follow the steps that we talked about before。

This can be reality in a couple of months。Now， when you look at a relationship。

 what are the things that really make it work， Like， how could you tell that， Yeah。

 maybe this girl would be one that I would want to be with for a longer time。

First thing is when you love each other， you love each other for the things that you have in common。

And the differences that you have is the things that's going to attract you。 That's the polarity。

 right， but certain things have to be complementary， at least they don't have to be the same。

 but they have to be complementary。Which are the things that you value most in life and where you actually going。

 I will talk about that in the last chapter。 But right now。

 imagine that your goal is to like free the world。From all like oil users。

 and you want to make sure that everyone is using solar energy or wind energy or whatever。

 and your girlfriends， because it' like desire and live。

 it's to own like an oil plant age or like kind of like a what it calls a petrol station they pretty much just live of the oil that they sell just made that example up。

 But that is obviously kind of like a contradictory thing。

 So if you're going after this and she's going after this， but it's not compliment。

 it won't really work。 because you're not aligned。 So when you want to find a partner。

 you want to make sure that the longter goals that you have are not contradictory。

 So if you love people and your partner hates people then that might not be the best match long term。

 you can still have attraction because of polarity， but it won't last。

 And if you keep going to into this relationship and now of you adjust your。It's bound to fail Now。

 how do you do this like step by step， right The thing that I showed you before。

 before we went to this video here is you w to keep it quite light before you got intimate with each other。

 You don't want to make it super serious。 You don't need to really talk about you know how you like into personal development。

 you read three books a week or whatever you're doing。 that is all amazing and good。

 but you don't want to kind of like put that out there straight away because it's like it seems like you qualifying yourself。

 qualifying yourself means that you're like， hey， look。

 I'm so good because of all these things and like me because of these things。

 the most like the coolest people in the world。 they usually just do that with their vibe。

 Okay same as like Bill Gates， you doesn't have to tell you he's rich。

 You just know by the way he acts kind of car you might be driving。 you won't be like hey。

 look I'm rich because it's like showing off and it's something that is very repelling especially in the very beginning。

 But after you actually got intimate with the girl。

You can start to show your deeper side so that she feels like， wow。

 I got this guy and it was fun and it was intimate and you know I didn't think that you know that。

This would be a guy that I might want to marry。 But now that hes showing me his deeper side once we got intimate。

 I really want to lock him down。 Okay， and that's kind of like that perfect mixture of the two things。

 So， for example， once you actually got intimate， you can start talking about。

 you know how you schedule things or what kind of books you read or you know， you make some food。

 and you show her like， this is the food that I eat or you start to meditate or whatever。

 And you slowly introduce that toition in the beginning， she' be like， wow， that's interesting。

 And then she'd be like， whoa。😊，If I knew this before， I probably would not have put out that fast。

 but now that I already have， I want to make sure that this is going to work out and she's going to be much more engaged。

Now。Anything that you like， you want to own it。 If you like video games， own it。

 If you like to go out and party， own it。 if you like whatever it is， meditation being vegan。😊。

Own it。And she's gonna accept it。 Only if you're like， I don't know。 Do you think it's good。

 She feels that you don't you're not certain。 femin energy hates when masculine energy isn't certain about something and she's gonna test you。

 So whatever you like， own it， she's gonna accept it if she likes you， right。

Then once you're in a relationship， what do you do you want to make sure is that you're on your path。

 you likere like on that， you're like driving or riding that train。

 you're directing the train where you want to go and she's just gonna jump on it。

 And as long as you going in the same direction， she can stay on that train。

 but you're gonna keep going。 And maybe at one point， you will have to have a stop。

 She's gonna jump off。 maybe go keep going on this journey by yourself and then maybe someone else gonna jump on it。

 who's again aligned in the direction that you're going。 But you're going。 Okay， you have that like。

A purposeurpo in life， which we talk about in the next chapter。

 how to really keep the best type of girls in your life here I kind of like what to want to touch how to transition into a relationship when you're on that purpose。

Sometimes she will test you and she will w to see， is he really serious about this thing that he's doing。

 And she's gonna ask for compliance for you to do something that would kind of like， you know。

 have you drift off it a little bit。 For example， you tell your girl， hey， tomorrow。

8 AM or 6 AM I'm waking up。 I'm going to the gym。 you're having an amazing night。

 and you kind of like waking up， you have your your alarm for 6 AM。 It's going。 but you know。

 it's raining outside。 And it's so warm and it's just like so nice to have that body close to you。

 And she's like whispering in new and she's like， you know it's just just stay here。

 let's just enjoy this a little bit more。 maybe like， you know， it's Saturday。

 So you don't really have you don't have to work today。 I don't you wanted to go to the gym。

 But you know， I just really want to have you close to me now and she's like whispering all these things。

 It's like let's just watch a movie in that moment。 if you， for example， told yourself。😊。

priorityor in my life is to go to the gym when I say， I'm going。And then you're not going to go。

 She's going to actually feel that， wow， I can I can。Get him off this path。 And if I can do that。

 also， other people can do that。 And she's actually gonna trust you less， which is kind of crazy。

 Okay， and they know that you're doing this。 You're always checking if she can trust you。

 And in that moment， she might actually like to be there and she wants to just feel your warm board body。

 But if you keep doing this， she will lose the fracture for you because she's like。

 doesn't have any drive anymore。 So in that moment， you want to say no， and be like， no。

 I want to be here as well。 I'm gonna be back in two hours and run out and get getting up and I'm gonna go to the gym。

 that is gonna create a lot of attraction for her towards you again。😊。

And almost like admiration that you're going after your path and she has this wild。

 kind of like stallion or this wide bull that she's trying to tame and she can't。All right。

So always make sure that if she's asking for compliance and I would drift。

 have you drift off your path， you want to say no to that because otherwise you will get become untrue to yourself。

 which will make her very repel to you over the long run。

 And it' also depolarize the thing because you're like always just complying And it's just then it's just going become like two sisters or two brothers And this whole thing is gonna kind like die。

 And that's where pretty much happens with everybody out there。

 and doing that is actually the masculine expressing itself because you have that freedom seeking energy And last point is I don't want to just say no。

 just because of the sake of saying no， that again is overcompensating。 So you can comply。

 You can be like， yeah， I can come and like pick you up if she's like， hey， can you give me a lift。

 Can you drive me somewhere， Sure， why not？ She's your girlfriend or she's an important girl for you。

 But as soon as it would really have you get off your path。For longer periods of time。

 you have to cut it and you have to say no。Then the next thing is that even if you're in a relationship。

 you want to give her the gift of missing you， okay。

 because there's something called the law of familiarity where as soon as you get around something for too much。

You will actually start。Valuing it because that's just how we how we wired。 Like， for example。

 you know， at one point， you might be like， just back at home and like a dude if I could just do one。

1 holiday because， I see that happening with my life as well。

 Like if I could just do one holiday a year， that would be so amazing。 And right now。

 I'm like traveling around the world doing all these crazy things downtop。

 And this is like normal right now， which became my standard。

 And I can't actually settle for less anymore because I know how this feels right。

 and I love doing the things that I'm doing。😊，And I'm always trying to find kind of like the gratitude that I have for the lifestyle that I'm living right now。

And the people that are actually making this possible， because it's definitely not just me。

 It's a lot more people behind this whole thing than you might not even see that are driving this entire thing。

But。The tendency is there。 So you w to also kind of like have your own time， do your own things。

 hang out with your bodies and not just hang out for 204 7 so that she's like， oh， he's gone。

 I miss him。 I want。 I'm thinking of him。 I wish he was here。Giving her that gift of missing him。

Were you ever in a situation or a girl would just caused drama and you like。Why you causing drama。

 I don't understand this。 Like， she takes a small thing。

 makes it super big because that's like the feminine energy right And you're like。

 why are you doing this， I don't understand。Usually， it's because she feels one of three things。

 either she feels unseen， she feels that she's not understood。Or she feels like she can' trust you。

One of these three。 Okay， she doesn't feel seen。 She doesn't feel understood or she doesn't feel like she could trust you or she feels unsafe in a way。

 because， you know， something happens。 She's like， I don't know if this's going in the right direction。

 If any of these three things happen， it's an indication for her to test you。 And it's like。

 is it true。 And then if you fail that test， it's actually pretty bad right。

 So what do you do if you， for example， that feels unseen， you want to give her you full attention。

 And there， it's more about quality than quantity。 So if you're just hanging out next to each other for five hours and you're on your phone and you're like watching Netflix or doing something like that。

That's not what you want to do。What you want to do is you want to have that。Real connection。

 And even if it's just for two minutes and you sit like this and you look her in the eyes and you fully taking her in and you make her feel scene and you're like。

 hey。What's up。How do you feel today。And you just take her in。 She will feel that presence。

 which is going to make her feel seen。At the same time。

 it actually will also make her feel understood because。You actually there listening to her。

 And the last thing， it will also make her feel a bit safer because if she has that maculine energy entering her。

 she's going to be， oh， wow， actually， the man is here。 Good。 I can relax a little bit。😊，So。嗯。

If she doesn't feel understood again， you want to give her you real presence doing the same thing here。

 And if she feels unsafe， you want to give a reassurance。 So the way to do that。

 like to really like fix anything is just be there and take her in。 And she's going like， no。

 I don't want to talk to you。 She's gonna to walk away。 Then you want to go after her。You know。

 grab her in a nice way， obviously， and just give her that reassurance like， hey， whatever it is。

 we can fix it or I'm going to fix it for you。ok。And if you just want to talk， I'm here。

 I'm going to listen。Becauseuse sometimes they literally just want to vent and they just want to let it all out。

 and they just want you to get it all in。 you're like， and you don't have to fix anything。

 And's gonna be like， you， you did this， You did that。 And you're like， okay， is there anything else。

 Is there anything else， And she's gonna。😊，Be able to release it all， and then。Jump on你。

It's really interesting how that works， right， because then's like， oh， I can trust him again。

 I feel safe and I feel understood， and I feel like he's looking at me。

 He's seeing me because girls won't。😊，You to pretty much pay attention to them 24，7， preferably。

 like they always want that。 They always crave that。We're different， right。

 guys and girls werere a little bit different。 We kind of like react to different things。

Then a little thing that you want to be doing when you're in a relationship is you want to。

Show her that you're thinking of her， that you're doing things that make。

You think of her like leaving a little note， buying her like her favorite little chocolate on the way back home and saying it in an indirect way。

 Okay， a lot of girls like like this。 It's just like a little piece of advice right here because it's not about the big things。

 It's really about the little things that matter。Those are the things that she's going to remember。

 even if you think about your relationship。Or one of your last relationships。

 What are the things that you really remember， So usually these。Spontaneous acts of love。

That's gonna keep her kind of like stay with you if it comes from the right place。 I'm like。

 I need you。 So please， like， I'm buying you this because of that。 But it's your decision。

 I want to buy you this。 Here you go。 And you're not doing it for her to like you。

 Youre doing it because you like her。Now， I want to leave you with an exercise that you can actually do right now。

 and has been one of the most helpful tools in my life。😊，Which is， I want you to think。

Of the perfect girl that you would want to spend the rest of your life with， whatever that may be。

 Imagine you'd be God， and you could just create a person that you want to that you would want to be with。

How would she look like and what would her personality be like And the last time I did that literally took me two days boom。

 I found her there she was， because once you write something down。

 you become very clear about something， your RA S， as we talked about， your focus becomes much more。

Aigned for this。 And you might just hear a conversation over there in like a room。

 or you might just meet a friend that has a friend of a friend that is that perfect type of girl。

The issue is that a lot of guys， they're like， I just want to get a girl or they're like。

 I just want to get。An attractive girl is like， what does that mean？What's attractive to you？

And it's kind of like that paradoxical thing where the more specific you become。

 the higher the chance of you finding that。 It's kind of like， I want to have a good job。

 something I like。 your filter isn't as。Cl clear， as when you're like， I want to have the best。

Thing that gets closest to my mission。 No I want to live my mission， which is this and this and this。

 Like， I want to be diving in the oceans and like swim with whales and like research them or something。

 That is a lot more specific than Oh， I want to do something in science because then you're just gonna get the first。

 most available thing that has the least kind of like obstacles for you to get it。

 That is most convenient。 And that's where you're gonna stay。 Same with girls。

 But it's gonna be so much easier to find that because it's already there， but。😊。

You can't see it because of all the noise。 So get rid of that noise。

 write down exactly what kind of girl you want to have。 Just do it for five minutes。

 You might end up doing it a little bit longer。 but start with five minutes。

And write down looks wise and personality wise。 And you might find that even the personality becomes actually the main thing once you decided how you wanted to look like。

 And if you have issues to come up with like things like， oh， I want to be this and this and that。

Think of the girl that you just would never want to be with， right， like the girlfriend from hell。

 a girl that you would just totally be disgusted by。Looks wise and also personality wise。

 like she's a gold digger。 She only thinks about herself， yada， yada yada。

And then when you have that， it's gonna be much， much easier to actually describe your ultimate soul mate。

 Now， I'm not saying that you have to settle for just one girl。

 but you want to be clear on what would be the perfect type of girl for you because I can promise you。

 It's not the same as for me。 I have a very specific type， which is very different to a lot of guys。

 right， maybe not very different， but it it's quite specific。

 And I end up finding those types of girls more and more and more， because I'm very clear。

 and I'm not getting distracted by all the noise that is out there。 And once you've done that。

 jump to the next chapter。 and that's where literally everything that you've seen until now will be a joke compared to the next couple of videos。

