# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：03、内外Game：3.状态与生理学【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

This section I am so excited about， because I'm gonna show you how you can pretty much feel any emotion in any situation that you want。

 It doesn't matter what's happening around you。 It doesn't even matter how you feeling in that moment。

 I'm gonna show you a very easy， step by step process where you can go from， for example。

 being insecure and uncertain or fearful to confident， certain， masculine on your path。😊。

From one to the other within seconds， okay without needing to put anything into your body。

 like alcohol or something in that direction to alter your state。

 I'm gonna to show you a way how you can change how you can kind like adjust your emotional state to the situation and use it so that you can just go out and do it naturally。

 you don't even have to think all the time。 Well， what am I going to say。

 what am I going to do because how annoying is it when for example， see a girl and you're like， well。

 I want to go talk to her but I feel very fearful and it's not going to work and I don't know what to say and I'm uncertain and blah blah blah in that state。

 like no joke， you're not actually able to go up and talk to her no one would be okay all your actions come from the way you feel in that moment。

 even if you're not conscious about it， if you feel like you're not going make it happen。

literally just won't go and make it happen。 So instead of trying to just learn like exactly what I'm going to say so that it's going to work every single time。

You want to look at how should I feel in that moment。

 And is there a way that I can influence that by myself without needing to spend any money。

So I can just make it happen in any situation， getting into a state that she will also be able to relate to and she will find attractive。

 So there are three ways that you can change your state。

 the way you can kind of like affect the way you feel。 And right now， we're gonna look at two。

 the two most important ones。 And there's actually a couple more but like really like two main ones。

 So we build that strong foundation again。 And once you know this， you will be totally ahead of it。😊。

Pretty much entire humanity because very only a small amount of people actually knows about this。

 and an even smaller amount is using it and has it in their body。

 So the first way is you want to change the way you use your body your body posture the way you speak。

 anything that has to do with movement or shape of your body， pretty much for example。

 if I am standing， the way I'm standing right now， great， okay。

 seems pretty confident seems pretty grounded。 when I started going out， though， one of my friends。

 even unknowingly actually point out to me that dude like， I don't know。

 but I don't think you should be standing like this because I used to have not the best posture and I would stand a little bit like this。

 right， I would have my shoulders to the front and you can even see right now。

 I already change kind of like the way I talk， right。

 because when you're standing like this even right now。Get up。Like， I know you're sitting down。

 Get it up。 or maybe you got one of these cool walkers and you're watching it while you're actually you know。

 walking on the treadmill。 And if you don't have a desk like that， get up right now。Be standing。

 stand like this， and then drop your shoulders， Look down and look unhappy and be like。Don't smile。

And just kind of like。Put it in， like how do you feel when you do this？Probably not that good， right？

 And now try to feel happy without changing your posture， without smiling， it's pretty much。

Impossible。 get out of that， dance round bid， shake it。

And literally just do the one millimeter shift， take your thumb， put it here。

And up your pull up your chest， okay even if you didt have no chest here， it will still work。

 don't worry， so put your thumb where your solar plexus is， put it up， shoulders back。

Put a smile on your face。 Put your arms out， look up and be smiling。 and then。😊。

Try to feel bad without actually changing any thing about your posture。Doesn't work。 You can't。

 You can't feel bad。 Allright， because you're telling your body， look， I'm in this position。

 and I would only be in this position because I must be feeling good， right， Now。

 someone who talks about this。 a lot is a guide that you hopefully know about。

 His name is Tony Robbins， amazing guy， right， I learned so much from him。 But right now。

 I want to show you how you can apply this to successful with women to make it happen in this specific area。

 right， so。😊，Let's have a quick look here。 makingking sure that I don't forget anything。

 So the way that you can alter your state is by the shape of your body。 like how do you stand。

 as we just saw， because your nervous system kind of like associates different states。

 different emotional states with different emotional movements and shapes and the way you talk and the way you look。

 I could have everything the same， but I could look a bit differently。

 So your eyes might be not as intense。 I like like this changes the states that I have。

 So anything that has to do with movement will literally make you feel differently。 Now。

 the right way to make it happen， actually， before we go into that。

 let me get you all these examples here。 So facial expression。 So entire face， your eyes。

 hand and leg movements。 And it's not just about like how am I moving my legs or arms like this。

 but it's also like the intensity， I could be doing this。 I could be doing this。

 still the same movement， but there's more intensity to wake。

You up instead of like doing this kind of thing。Because the intensity， the strength。

 the pace also determines how you feel， right。Then the stands， your breathing。

 persisting of your shoulders， your muscles， are they relaxed。Or are you tense？And then as well。

 your voice， what's your tonality like， what's your pace like， what's your volume like。

 Are you speaking like this， So are you speaking loud and clear， right， for example。

Imagine you go up to your girl and you want to ask for her phone number， right。

 You're talking to her and you want to ask for her phone number。 Now， depending on how you talk。

 it will actually totally change the things that you say。 Now。

 imagine you will be in a more kind of like feminine state not saying it's bad to be in a feminine state。

 but let's just say let's not call it feminine just say you might be a little bit more insecure and you don't know if it's gonna work And you look at the girl and you're like。

 hey， like would you mind if I maybe could have your， you know， like details。

 maybe like your email or phone number。Yes。RightYou start talking like this。

 which kind of like has you seeking that rapport。 you want to。

 you want to get her approval when you talk like that。 Now， when you talk normally。

 when you have that breaking report now， literally actually change how you think it's crazy or even if you do different accents。

 for example， when I speak Australian， I speak like a little bit more vulgar because I'm thinking of like a boan that's kind of like a redneck Australian type of person that is like more like lives on a farm and stuff and it's just like mining his own business。

 not saying that Australians would be vulgar or anything。 but I mean。

 in any country that's different types of people。 And if I kind like speak in that way。

 I literally like my thoughts change in that direction， it's really interesting to see。

 So if I'm speaking very like oh could I help your words are very indecisive， very insecure as well。

 Now if I speak normally， I'm like， hey。I have your number， go down with the boys。

 and it kind of like gets her feeling like， yes， you know。

 this guy probably knows what he's talking about， Pre certain。Tone of voice。

 and it gives me that feeling that yep。We should probably do this。 And now。

 even if you just as in kind of like， not explanation， but as a。Example。

 imagine you are in the military and there's the officer and he's speaking in this extremely loud and very decisive and determined voice。

 right， If you would ask for a number from someone， he'd be like， oh you number right。

 that kind of like makes sense with the entire way that he's talking。

If that guy would then actually start talking a little bit like insecure with the words。

 but still would have the loud voice， that would make no sense。 Okay， imagine this。

Or like listen to this， like I'm going to speak loud。

 but I'm gonna to use these like oh maybe could you type it words and you will see how there's this incongruency。

 it just doesn't even make sense like are you could I like maybe if you don't mind。

 like have your number please yeah， do you like mind。It's weird。 It's。

 it's something that would never come naturally。 So instead of like being like， oh。

 what what exactly do I say。Just adapt the way you talk。And automatically。

 your brain will access a different part of。Your brain。What you will ask as if'm part of your brain。

And would speak more confidently。So that would be an example。Now。If you go outside and。

You see somebody or you are in a situation when you want to change your state。 How do you do it。

 You just ask yourself， when was the last time did I ever。Feel certain。

 Did I ever feel whatever you want to feel， Did I ever feel like， you know。

 this intimate connection with someone， Did I ever feel selfammused。

 And all you do is think back and you ask yourself， what what else I doing with my hands？

 How was I standing， How was I breathing， Where my eyes tense。 What was I looking at。

 and you just ask yourself all these questions about pretty much the way you were moving in your body and then just do that。

Okay， so， for example， you might have won some soccer game。 and you were like， yes， we're in。

 And you felt like the best person in the world。 try to do that。 Maybe do it by yourself。

 if it's something more intense， somewhere where you by yourself。

 And to see if it actually alters your state。 If it actually changes the way you feel the way you think。

 Okay， if you do this， Yeah， for example。😊，It already makes you even more certain and confident because you're telling your body we are in a certain state right now。

 So instead of trying to change the way you feel like， be happy， be happy。😊。

What you can do is you can just start smiling。They actually did this in a clinic where they had patients that were chronically depressed and on antidepressants all the time。

What they did is they just took them and just put them in front of mirror。 And they were like， okay。

 per day， you have to smile for 20 minutes。 And that's all they had to do。

 And they were like taken off their antidepressants。 And all they had to do is like。

 look at the mirror and like， And even if they didn't like doing it， they had to fake it。

 and were like。And then in the beginning， you're like， oh， it's nothing's funny。

 It's not really that。 And then just do it more， do it more。

And then it actually becomes a genuine smile because your brain is like， oh。

 I guess we're being happy here so you can change your。😊，Body， which will then change your mind。

 which will change how you feel。 Okay， and that's very intense， very fast。

 It can happen within a couple of seconds。 And then if you want to take it another step further。

 something that I want to touch on a bit later， you can do something where they talk about anchoring a state。

 Okay， so you can get yourself into that peak state where you really feel super confident or super certain or extremely self amused or kind of like playful。

 You know， and you're like。😊，I know what I'm doing or you feel very loving， for example。

 Okay you can feel very loving and then anchored with a unique movement， a unique touch。

 once you that peak thing， you touch yourself like here for example， you do like this。

 And then you in that again， peak moment， boom， do this。

 And then literally just click here and you will start feeling that it's very。

 very amazing how that works。 But for starters， ask yourself， how did I feel in the very beginning。

 When's the last time I felt out， how was I using my body and then just do that and see how it goes。

 Thank you so much， Now， the second video， the second part that we want to go into right now。

 has to do about something that you actually don't even need to use your body at all for And you can have the exact same result。

😊。