# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：03、内外Game：3.5.状态与生理学第二部分【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

We always ask ourselves questions all the time， especially when， for example。

 go out and you want to meet a girl or you're at a bar and at a bookstore and you see a girl that。

 you know， seems attractive And you want to get to know her a little bit better。

 you start asking himself questions And most of us， unfortunately。

 they tend to be in a negative spectrum。 And they ask themselves a lot of the time。

 why won't this work， You know， And then they come up with reasons oh。

 she probably already has a boyfriend。 She's reading this year。 Oh， I'm a ginger， I guess No。

 I don't know， she might not be English speaking。 And all of these things like make us feel bad。

 right， And it puts you in a bad state， It makes you fearful， because obviously。

 you expect it not to work。 So why would you be confident and。

You will find all of the like any reasoner。 like， you know she's like about to leave。

 So that's why she don't work or I would be interrupting her。

 And there's just answers to what you ask yourself。 boom， it puts you in that state。

 instead of asking yourself like the best guys actually understand it。 even if that happens。

 that might even happen to me a lot less than in the very， very beginning， obviously。

 because it's like a muscle it's kind of like going to the gym。 if you go to the gym for one week。

 It's good。 You enter the gym for one week。 you gotta going。

 but you got to do it over and over and over again until it really condition it just become something that is normal。

 and kind of like different than going to the gym。 You're doing this anyway。

 like you going to ask yourself questions no matter what。 And in our society right now。

 there's usually no threats or like there's no like life threatening things that could happen if you go up and start kind of like strike off an interaction with someone and have good intentions like。

And you are not like totally upfront and not like totally in their face and you do what I'm gonna to tell you and teach you to do in this entire program。

 there's no way that someone's going to act negatively。

 even if someone walks up to you know how to handle thisright so。

Instead of asking yourself that the best guys， they ask themselves， for example。

 like what positive thing could happen if I go talk to this girl why would she like me Why will this work what reasons do I have that I know that it worked in the past and then you will actually come up with reasons for that and as we said before's there's the entire reality and you choose what you focus on and why not focus on the good side to then have a better life than just focus on everything that's negative because you pain driven and you' being kind of like conditioned by social conditioning especially you're watching the news all the time which is just pain pain pain。

 you're like how can I make sure I don't die don't die。Instead of doing that。

 let's take charge of your life and be aware of this thing that you're doing every single day。

 So how can we do this？Right now， if you're still standing， sit down。Sit down on the floor。

 Sit down on your chair。And just listen to my voice， close your eyes。And what I want you to do。Is。

Imagine yourself。In a situation。🎼Where you。🎼Talk to a girl。Or actually。

 before you wanted to talk to a girl， okay， you look going about your day。

 maybe you were in a bar and you saw the girl and you're like， " you know what。

 I want to go talk to her。"，🎼，🎼，Then。What did you ask yourself in that moment。

 probably you weren't even aware of this at the time？

What kind of questions were you asking yourself are you asking yourself like， oh。

 that's fine all the reasons why this will work， how will it be if she was my girlfriend？

We we ask ourselves those kind of questions？Or we ask yourself。Why will this not work？

Why am I not good enough？Why will she reject me， why will her friends laugh at me？

Why will my friends laugh at me？So ask yourself， what kind of questions are you asking yourself。

 right？And then what would be the answers？🎼What be what would the answers be to those questions？

Why will it not work because she probably has a boyfriend。

🎼My will their friends laugh at me because I haven't done this before。

 So it's probably going to be funny。 and theyre not going。They're not going to like it。

Or I'm going to be humiliiate。I'm going to be embarrassed， I'm going to be rejected。

What were the answers and then how did that make you feel？Now。

 imagine yourself in the same situation。And ask yourself。What would have happened？

If I focus on more positive questions。What would have happened if I focused on， for example？

Why will this work？Why。🎼Have this。Why would this have worked in the past？

What could I do to put myself out there and show my genuine side and make sure that， you know。

 she can relate to it？How is my masculine energy going to interact with her like feminine energy and what's going to happen？

Why is this one of the most exciting moments in my life？

What can I be grateful for right now that I haven't even noticed？

It doesn't even have to be directly around the interaction around the bur' sec。

What could I been grateful？But I haven't even known。And then you're like。

 that's interesting and it makes you feel。better。🎼Which then。🎼To。To go for it。Make it happen。

That girl。Because if you're in a great state， she's going to feel that， okay。

 they just want to see and test and realize what's happening with you and then that's how they're going to feel。

 that's how they're going to respond。And now， step four。

 what I want you to do is actually to go out and go into an environment where there's girls that you could talk to and see。

 be aware of what happens in here when you get into that kind of like situation where you see the girl。

 you see the opportunity， you know you could start going， what are you asking yourself first。

 I wanted to be aware of it even more like in that moment， what are you start。

 what are you asking yourself。Then realize that there's actually。No one holding you back right now。

 there's no one in your way that's like， nope， you can't go and talk to that girl。

 there's no Roman army trying to stop you。It's just you and her， okay？

Look at it from like third perspective， see her by herself， you by yourself， for example。

 maybe she might be in group， same thing doesn't really matter。And then。Ask yourself。

What are the reasons that this will work？What can I do or say to make this fun for me？That's not。

Harming anyone。Right wheneverever you want to do something that is amusing。

 that is gonna be something that is fun， that is good for you and her。

 you want to also someone to make sure 100% that doesn't harm anyone。 You don't want to ask yourself。

 hey， what's social conditioning telling me to do。 It's like， I it fun。 Do I want to do this。

 Is this kind of like helping me on my path And is it not harming anyone， Good， if the answer is yes。

 it's not harming anyone plus， yes， it's fun， go and do it and just like jump into that uncomfortable stretch zone that's just right outside that comfort zone that you're living in and try something new and just go and see what's gonna happen so that you drive that experience back home because you can know everything in life。

😊，But if you don't apply it and you don't actually have these experiences。

 and it can use as references for your belief， like the new belief for you right now is， yes。

 I can just go up and I can change the way I feel within seconds。

Then it's actually hard to drive it into your nervousness。 You got to make that happen。

Put that actually into your body itself， just like thinking about it。 right。

 So you want to change those questions and then。The best thing you can do is before you actually go up。

 as y'all just said， you want to get yourself in a strong state and。Once you start talking to her。

 you probably won't be like thinking like what can I focus on right now。 So that I'm empowered。

 So there I kind of like a tip that while you're actually talking to her。

 just double check your physiology because that's something that is a little bit easier to control in the very beginning I just ask yourself。

 oh， how am I standing， Am I standing like very insecure。

 am I standing like the way I want to be standing。 And at the same time， we get into this later on。

 but make sure that you're not like intimidating her， But you know。

 give her room for her to be free and not to feel trapped or something because then youre actually doing too much And again。

 won't do you any good at all。 So focus。And physiology， as I said， is like going to the gym。

 You gotta be doing this over and over and over again， because in the very beginning。

 you will fall your bad habit pattern of like boom going back into those negative questions that're not even helping you。

Because that's just how you wired。 Okay， you've been stretching that way for so long。

 you will fall back。 But slowly， you will be snapping out of it。

 snapping out of it and being able to establish a new one。

 You will literally be able to rewired the way you think。

 the way you feel the way you react to things and something that might have been extremely uncomfortable before Now。

 is just something that you do， something that is just new that you don't even need to think about at all。

😊，imagine that。 Imagine that future where you can just go out。 And instead of being afraid。

 right now， which we'll talk about very soon， I'm saying it this the entire time because it's like everythings very。

 very connected to you， obviously， and everything has like literally， again。

 just this one part here could change your entire life。

 if you understand that the emotion that you feel will determine the way you act。

And the emotional that you feel will determine what kind of decisions you make。

 And sometimes just one decision in your entire life can change everything。

One decision in your life can change。Everything that's ever going happen to you going to uni or taking a year off and flying to India。

Or， for example， going and talking to that girl over there or staying over here and feeling comfortable in the way that you've been doing things so far。

 Maybe that's the one girl。You don't know。 I've had it happen a lot of times when she's like。

 you know， like literally， like the decision was just like， yeah， allright， let's go talk to her。

 It wasn't like， w， let's go do it。 But I was like。😊，Okay， let's see what happens。 And a boom。

 three years relationship， six month relationship and like amazing experiences that I would have never。

 ever had if I didn't go for it when I saw that opportunity It because I started to be able to manage the way I feel and to be able to pull it out and make it happen in the moments that I needed it the most。

 All， then I want I invite you to do the same。 So can remember。😊，Your body， your physiology。

 just move as if you already felt that way。 and you would literally start feeling that way。

 And another thing， a real quick one， actually， that I see all the time iss like， guys are like。

 like， they stand like this。 And they're just like， I'm in my head。 I'm like， you know， shit。

 you're not moving。😊，Of course， you are because you like tenseing or like， oh。

 I can't think of anything。 I'm super tense in my head。 I'm like， yeah， yeah。

 because your body is tense。 So if you have a lot of tension， even， for example。

 if you bench pressing all the time and you never stretch， it literally tenses up here。

 tenses up your shoulders。 You literally feel more tense in your mind。😊。

That you can see that body mind connection so strongly。

So when you can actually relax your body a little bit， right。Get some relaxation in there。

 You will also feel more a lot more relaxed up here。 Okay， and get the movement going。 Okay。

 moving is' always better because when you can move here。

 also your thoughts will be able to move better。 So even if you just start clapping your hands in the beginning。

 that's totally fine。 boom， you change your physiology， You go into a different state。

 If you are super insecure and stuff like that。 And in your head， you wouldn't be。

 you wouldn't be doing this。 you wouldn't be like dancing and clapping， right。😊。

So just go for it very slow so you can start clapping and then you start moving your arms and you start moving your entire body boom and you change the way you feel like this。

 Alright， thank you so much。 and I'll see you in the next video。😊。

