# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：04、执行：5.加上3个人【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Now， this is a little add on for what you should do during the night because as you can imagine during the night。

 there's all this stuff happening， all these people that might be like guy friends there。

 female friends， there's all like it's more chaotic。

 So it's slightly harder to put it like into a step by step system。

 even though we are able to do this。 I want to give you a couple of skills that you can use throughout the seven steps。

 Okay， any time that something like this is gonna be happening， I'm going to tell you right now。

So you know what's going。Be the best way， Excus me。 to handle this。So first thing is。

 let's say she's with a guy， she's talking to a guy and there's a guy with her。Now。

 you can tell what kind of relationship she has with him by the way they're interacting。

There's one two， three types of guys that could be with her in that bar or anite club， number one。

Number one is a guy that she doesn't know and teacherses met him。

Number two is a guy friend that she knows， but she's not interested in him yet。

And number three is her boyfriend， first guy， she's just met this guy and the way you can tell is that the girl is going to probably be more tense。

 not really feeling fully at ease， and usually the guy is doing more than the girl。And you can tell。

 by the way that she's looking at him。 their eyes are usually slightly more tense because she's like。

 whoa， what's happening。 even though she might like it。

 she might not feel totally relaxed as if she would with the guy with the second and the third guy right Now what you can do there when you go up and start talking to her is you pretty much just ignore him。

 And you get her attention onto you because she doesn't know the guy。

 And she will not care about his opinion about her， nor you。 And if you are more engaging。

 she will shift to you。 Now， the way you want to do that is want to go side by side with the girl。

 You want to go side by side， not face her like this because that way。

 you can actually be more physical。 you can be more intimate， faster than the guy。

 usually the guys because they don't know what they're doing。 They're standing face to face。

 So they putting all the pressure on on the girl and they can't just like touch the girl。Like this。

 So going side by side will actually be the best way of talking to her。

 getting her attention and he would then have to overcompensate Now， if he's reacting to you。

 you can also react to him， but it was a lot less than he's doing to you because the guy who's gonna win that game is the one guy who's reacting less to。

The other guy and that guy's reacting to him。 That's how she's going know which guy is。

In kind of like a higher social status position。Then let's say the second guy。 And obviously， again。

 you you don't want to be like if if they are like going into total like romance and you can see that happening。

 I personally wouldn't go in there and like destroy that whole thing。

 just cause because you want to have good intentions and you want to make sure that she has the time is just the best time that she can have。

 And if that's with you。 you know， then you can still go in there。

 but you don't want to be like upfront or aggressive about it。

 just being yourself in that environment will then usually have her start kind of like。

Perivotting towards you if you're better matched than her。Now， second guy。She knows him。

 but he's not interested。 The way you can tell is that。The way。

 like the the difference between the first guy， the one that she doesn't know and her boyfriend。

Is that she feels more relaxed around him than she will be the first guy。

 But she won't be probably standing kind of like in this area， like right in front of it。

 They won't be screwing up very closely with each other。

 because that's something that you would only do with someone that is sexually interested in。 Plus。

 she do， usually， instead of like touching him like this， she'd be like， you know。

 tapping him kind of like a buddy there when you go in。

 you want to make sure that you get the guy to like you because she cares about his opinion。😊。

And he's part of her social circles。 So if she he likes you， he。

 she will also be more open to meeting you。 So I usually just go in start talking to the guy。

 I don't even look at the girl。 I get her approval。 I get her to like me。 same thing with。

 by the way， if she has girlfriends there that that I'm not interested in and。

 might be interested in her。 I just start the I just get into it。 I just get into the group。 Okay。

 I don't have to go straight away for the one girl that I want to talk to。

 I just get the group to like me get the group to proof of me。

 And then the girl that I'm actually interested in。 if I'm not talking to her。

 but I talk to everyone else。 and I'm having a blast。 She's gonna be like， who the hell is this guy。

 and she will start pivoting towards you。 And then if you want to even like amplified I live what you could do。

Is when you have， for example， her friend here， or even don know her guy friend doesn't matter。

 You're talking and she's over there。 And in the nightclub， right， the music's going。

 So you can hear what is happening here。 This guy can hear what you're saying。

 but she might not hear everything。 So you can point at her and be like， what's her name。

 It doesn't really matter what you say。 or like， oh look at her hair。 It's kind of funny。😊。

Because you point at her that way， she will then be like。

 who who the hell is this guy and she will step in front of you and's like， hey， who are you。

 what are you doing here？That way you kind of get her attention onto you and you get her to invest into you from the very beginning and have that play happening or have that game start to happen。

Then the third guy is her boyfriend。 How can you tell because she's very comfortable being in this area。

 Usually their hands are in intimate places。 you know， like the bottom here or like lower back。

 They're very relaxed around each other。 They're not making out all the time， by the way。

 if you see a guy and a girl， like make out for like 20 minutes， it's probably a guy。

 she just met not her boyfriend。 because her boyfriend and her。

 they don't feel like the need to like make out if they've been together for a couple of months or years。

 in like a nightclub the entire time， which actually， I think is a bad thing。

 because if I have a girlfriend， I want to have fun， But at the same time， also don't like overdo it。

 And I like to build it up， even like within a relationship to have that polarity going to have that curiosity going away。

😊，But you don't see that happen anymore in a relationship。

 so she's really fully on making out that's probably a guy she just met and then it's your decision what do you want to do with that information。

 right？But with the boyfriend， again， you know， you don't want to provoke some aggressive behavior。

 So if you like her or if you like her friends， you can get to know her， you can exchange details。

 you can become friends， like actually real friends， which is great to have female friends。

 And I do that all the time。 And then， you know， at times， those relationships。

 they break up and you have a greater interaction， you might go for a date later on。

 And then it might lead to something。 So it's always good to have a bigger social circle than a smaller one。

 even when the girl already has a boyfriend because I mean。

 that doesn't have to be the only reason why you're talking to a girl， right， Plus。

 she probably has friends that are interesting as well。 if you like her。😊。

This's happened so many times like a girl that actually just sets you up with her friend because she's like。

 this guy is really， really cool but I have a boyfriend。 but I want to hang out with him。

 So if my friend gets him as her boyfriend， then I can hang out with him right。

 So that girls literally like set it up because they want to hang with you。 It's like， hey。

 which friend do I hey， here， go get him because I want to hang out with him and I want my boyfriend to be chill with it。

 So if he has my friend， then you know， we can have thought。😊。

That's kind of like how girls sometimes think， right？Now。

 the last two little pieces that I want to leave you with are actually some of the most important ones。

 So I hope you've been listening until now。 and now you really want to open your eyes。

 open your ears， get you no pet out and start writing because。

One thing that you want to be doing during that night when you're out is interacting with multiple people and then bringing them together。

 that is a thing that would literally make you stand out。In like the entire nightclub。

 because it's very rare that someone。Introduces someone that he doesn't know to someone else that he doesn't know。

 and they don't know each other。 And you build that party。And it become that connectedor。

 to become that leader of the entire club。Which is extremely attractive for all the girls in there that'd like to have a leader in their life。

 And also， what you can do is when you have that girl and you want to like play a game with her。

 be like， you know what， I'm leaving this city or whatever reason you want to tell her or like。

 you know， like I don't like blonds she might be blonde。 and you' like， hey， you know。

 I don't like blonde， let's find you like an Australian guy。' let's find guy。

 You got little husband here let's find someone let's find an American guy wherever you are。

 And then she usually when she likes you， she's going be no， no。

 I don't want to do that like which one do you want And then literally you can actually grab a guy and bring him in and then say something along the lines you know she broke up with a boyfriend and you know she wants to she wants something happen to。

 might like you a little bit。 you know， play for a way， Okay， not doing this in a serious way。

 But the guy okay， I want to make this happen。 And I's just like watch this。😊。

action kind of like unfold while you're here， which again puts you above。 She knows what's happening。

 She's like， why are you playing with me。 da， It's something that is very entertaining， very fun。

 Obviously if the guy will do something that is that she doesn't like and step in。 But what it does。

 it shows that between the guy and you。😊，All the differences that are there。 And she's gonna realize。

 wow， this guy is actually really， really cool because you have that comparison bias， right。

 It's like， for example， if we talk about a product。 and I'm like， you know what。

 there's this product that someone selling。 And it's $5000。 He like， whoa whoa whoa， that's so much。

 That's a lot，$5000。 I'm gonna be like， oh， that guy actually， he does coaching。 And he。

 his coaching costs a million dollars for one week。

 And now he did something that he's never down ever because it's like the。😊。

25th anniversary of his coaching。 And he's going to do the exact same thing。

 A week coaching that usually costs a million dollars for 500。 You're like， whoa， that's cheap。

 Look get me that。Right， so you have that comparison。 So you're like， oh that this is cheap。

 For example， with prices。 samee happens with guys， right， for example， when the guy。

 when a girl sees you and him， she can see all the differences， whereas if it's just you。

 she she can't really compare something directly。 So that's why I could bring guys in here。

 And that's something that is slightly more kind of like advanced。

 and it's something that I'm usually to doing for fun。😊。

but it's something that you can start trying and then it also like makes you kind of like amp it up because you want to be in a place where you would actually be more fun for her to hang out with than any guy in that entire environment。

 right？And。We can also do that with girls to make her feel even more special。 Okay。

 and then it kind of like she makes makes her feel like she's the chosen one because you bring another girl in there and you don't have to like go and yell something obnoxious。

 You can just talk to her and be like， hey， what about do you like her shoes。 And she's like。

 oh I don't know and like go up to that girl and be like， oh like a friend。

 she like talk about his shoes。 I actually like them a lot。 she doesn't and then boom。

 you have that interaction happen。 And she's like，a， this guy， can just talk to anyone。

 and you prove to her that you can do that without being over the top。

 And you're not doing something bad or something that she might not like。

 You just prove to her look if you know， if this wouldn't work out。

 that's fine because I can just find another girl like this because I don't have a problem to go up and talk to people。

 which then will make her feel like， oh wow， I want to I want to win this guy over because he's not making that easy for me。

 And I'm not gonna be very like complicated。And because I want to make sure that he likes me as well So she's going to show her true like genuine side。

 which is usually very， very sweet instead of like trying hard to get。

And the last thing I to leave you with is actually one of the most important distinctions at night where you want to be reapproaching。

 Okay， you meet a girl。 You have the interaction going。

 She might want to go to the dance because's the very beginning of the night。 It's like， cool。

 You know， there you go。 I I'll stay here。 I'll be around。

 You can talk to some other girls When this girl comes back。😊，And then go back to your。

 start talking to her again。 you don't have that really happening during the day， as I said。

 because you have that interaction。 It's usually starts ends。

 and then you meet it up again here you kind like start the interaction。

 and it ends maybe at step 2 first time you talk。 And then she has to leave something happens。

 She gets grab whatever by a friend。 and you see her again。

 So that interaction is kind of like you building all these interactions at the same time。

 and you all like develop them continuously And then this one's at step 3。 That once at step 5。

 This one's about to go to step 7。 and you kind of like have all these things happen at the same time。

 Now you don't want to be like logically needing to think about have like a spreadsheet。 she to step。

 But it's just something that I want to make sure that you know that it's not that you go in。

 and then you have to go from step  one to7 with no break。 because she also got there。

 She also wants to experience the entire night。 And then at the end， she wants to meet you。

 and she wants to go home with you， for example。 She wants to have。A deeper connection with you。

 But she also wants to meet other people。 So if you meet her in the very beginning。

 great thing you can do is you get that number and the way to do it。 Okay， you build it up。

 you have that great fun happening So you w to get that number So you can call it the very end of the night to make sure that you and her can connect so that you and her can find each other。

 if you like， you know， get lost or whatever。 So when you build it up and it's at that peak。

 it's usually best time to leave if it's early in the night。 The way to do it is you tell her this。

 okay。😊，So look at her and be like， you know， I really like hanging out with you， but。

I actually gotta leave because I will need to make sure that my friends are having fun because。

 you know， they bought me dinner or whatever。 And they they're not。

 they haven't been out to this club yet。 And I want to make sure that they're having a great time。

 But I want to see you at the end of the night。 So you already kind of like tell her what's gonna be happening。

 And when it's at a great moment。 Okay， she will always say yes to this。 So you tell her。

 but I want to see at the end of the night， And if I could choose， like I。

 I would just want to hang out with you the entire night， But I gotta go。

 what's your number or a better way of even saying it is， do you have a。

 And then you just say whatever country you're in German， Australian， American， Alaskan。

 I don't know。 Alaska actually still be American。 But you would say， like。

 do you have an American number， for example。Becauseuse then the question is。

 does she have an American number。 Not， do you want to give me your number， Okay。

 It's a slight little distinction。 I'm just going put put out there。

 And I have a lot of little things like that， But they're like these little like percentages that make it even better。

 Right now， we want to focus on the big chunks。 But this is one of those little 1% because then she's going to say like。

 yeah， I do have an American number。 Oh， cool， put it in here。 right。

 And it's already assumed that she said， oh， yeah， we're doing this instead of like。

 can I have your number because smaller distinction。

Just use the country that you're in because sometimes you can't like text over different countries that still makes sense logically。

Thank you so much。 Alright， so this was the whole section about how to do it during the night。

 And now in the next one， we're gonna go into how to make her your girlfriend。

 which is a skill that you must have。😊，Cause otherwise， you don't really want to。

Think of yourself that you've mastered this。 if you can't make it happen in a way。

 where a girl wants to stay with you and you are able to have an amazing relationship because it's pretty much all up to you。

 You're the guy。 you leading this whole thing。 And the girl is just gonna come along for the ride。

 You that train that's going for what he wants。 And she jumps on it with you。 All right。

 see you in the next video。😊。