# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：05、成为满分男人：3.价值观【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Now， this program right here wouldn't be a program that would be holistic and actually look at the most important parts in your life。

 If we wouldn't talk about values。 thing I'm gonna to touch on right now。

 I do this at every single program that's at least three days long， because it's so huge。

 It's so important and almost no one is even aware of what they value in their life。 Okay。

 so I want to touch on this， Usually during these programs。

 I literally we at least go for two or three hours because something that's very deep。

 And if you really want to take to the next level when we do these 14 day programs。

 is's literally a process that takes about two days to recondition this and make this happen。

 But you can also do it by yourself without having me needing to be there and have that accountability。

 you just have to the accountability for yourself。 So what are values。 we all， all human beings。

 we all value certain things in our life， right we all。

Example probably value like success and love and health and adventure and security and certainty and passion。

I don't know。 confidencefi， courage， making a difference。 All these things sound pretty good to have。

 right， or all these things are states， emotions that we want to feel。

 And what some people say is like， oh， I value family。 I， I value money。😊。

There's a slight difference。 Okay， that I want to realize there's things that are acting as vehicles。

 And then there's the actual end values， the thing that you really want。

 You don't actually want to have like， like pieces of paper called money。

 You want the money because of something that it gives you， right。

 I could ask hey why do you want to have that money， It's because， you know。

 I think I'm gonna be loved when I have it， because then I can buy all these things to all my people that I love。

 And then it's the one thing you actually craving is love。 And maybe there's a better way to get to。

😊，Fig did you crave？Then through the vehicle you're trying to use at the moment。

 there might be a different vehicle。 There might be 10 times better and happening 100 times faster and be all in your control。

 Or some people might want to have money because they're like， I'm gonna be free。 I can buy a car。

 and I'm just drive around， do whatever I want。 So what they value freedom。 Okay。

 we all value different things in our life。 Now， the thing is， we value different things。

At a different level of importance。 So we always have one thing that's more important than something else。

 And whenever we make any decision and you go out and you start meeting a girl or you make a decision to actually listen to this program。

 when you make a decision to go out and work on your body and go to the gym when you work out your mind and you read certain books。

 you always making a decision， every decision is a values clarification。 Okay， So， for example。

 if I told you， well， I want to go and work right now。

 work on your mission and then maybe your girlfriend calls you and she's like， hey。

 can you come over， I， you know， I just really miss you now， if you value success above love。

 you will probably go and work on your mission and get that stuff done or let's say， in your job。

 let's let's not call a mission for now， let's just say your job。

 and you want to evolve in your career， you're probably gonna do that。

 if you value success above love。But if you value love above success， youll be like， hey， honey。

 I'll be there in a second。 Okay， not because you like meeting her and you're like， you know。

 I just I want to please her， but because you truly love her。 So you want to be around her。

 So whatever we value decides and determines in what direction in life we're going to go。Now。

What I want you to do is write down the things that you feel， you've probably been valuing the most。

 Okay，5 to 10 things， at least five emotions that you wanted to experience so that you like to experience a lot。

 whenever it is， something that you crave the most， like being perfect， feeling secure。

 being adventurous anything literally anything， just write down 5 don't doesn't have to be perfect。

 And if， if you really wanted to be perfect Probably one of your highest values is be perfect。

 So write that down。 And。😊，Just write down and I so that you get an idea。

 and then you will be able to go deeper on this。 But right now。

 I just want to show you what to actually do。 So write down at least 5 to 10 things right now。

 Stop the video。And get this down on the list。 and just write them down。 like success， love， health。

 security， whatever it might be。 Write this all down。Then once you've written them down。

 look at them and ask yourself， well。I probably value all of these， right？ Like。

 who wouldn't value health， Who wouldn't value love， Who wouldn't value success。 Now。

 the way to actually find out how you've been conditioned until now。

 how you've been doing things until now is asking yourself。

 what have I been valuing more in the past， what was more important to me in the past， this or that。

 Okay， what was more important for me to， for example， feel。This or that。 So an example will be。

 we might even put it here on the screen。 It's like in the past。

What was more important for me to feel， love or success， Okay。

 so you have that list written down like this， and you compare it the uppermost with the second one。

 and then you get it different like you get an answer like。Maybe I've been， you know。

Valuing success more。Alright， I've been very successful。 And then you go to the next thing。

 which might be health In the past， What was more important for me to feel success or health or successful or healthy。

😊，That you need to use your words like the way you phrase it because it's slightly different。

 Like you want to use your wording。And then maybe it's still success。 And then you're like， well。

 what， what have I been valuing more in the past， adventure or success。 And you're like， again。

 success。 And then you realize， oh， wow， that's the number one。 So you write it down。 like。

 you put a little number or number one here， and you put it down on a separate sheet where you write it down in order。

 Then you go to the second value。 as yourself， what has been more important for me to feel love or health。

 It might be。😊，Love， what has been more important for me to feel love or adventure。Adventure。

 and then wow， adventure is now number two。 and you go through the whole list。 And that way。

 you built a hierarchy of your values， because whenever there was a conflict between two values。

 you would always choose the one that was hired。 Now。

 you don't want to write down just the thing that you know is the perfect thing and how you want to be living。

 First， you want to know where are you at right now So ask yourself in the past， How have I behaved。

 How I been behaving instead of like， what would I want the perfect thing to to be。

 And then usually what happens is once you write down these values you like。Damn， that's pretty bad。

 right， if youre， especially if you're not living the life that you want to be living。Now。

 guys that are very， very girls that are very successful and happy and fulfilled。

 They usually are like， oh， that's pretty good， but they still have something that they could shift。

 okay， and a quick idea is that pretty much whenever you do anything。

 if you don't have health and love， pretty high up there。

 it's very unlikely gonna be fulfilled health， because if your body is not there。

 if you're not healthy， you won't be around for a long time。

 you won't be energized and love is kind of like one of the highest frequency emotions that we can experience。

😊，And。Pretty much all actions that humans take is because for some reason they think that that's the way they're gonna get love。

 Usually it's being conditioned by your mother or your father， whoever was like more。

 whoever's love you are craving more And the way they were rewarding you or the way you were giving you that love。

 right， So write that down。 And then there's actually also kind of like values that you don't want to feel。

 like， for example， failure， misery， humiliation， rejection。 But for right now。

 I don't want to go into that because it will go like too deep and it would take too long。

 we do these， as I said， at longer programs。 But I'm not trying to like be like， hey。

 usually should come to one of these programs。 I want to give you as much failure as we have here at the time that we have。

 So I'm gonna to show you a quick fix that you can do right now， to kind of like。You know。

 attack the same problem， maybe from a different angle to make it easier。

 It's just like one little thing you got to learn， which again。

 can change the entire direction of your life in a way that you want to go。

 So check out the next video。