# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：02、女性心理学：4.三种类型的女孩【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

This entire section has pretty much been about understanding how a girl feels， how she thinks。

 how she makes decisions， all of those things are so crucial to know and understand。

 because if you want to get out of that pain of not knowing what to say or not knowing how to go and approach a girl and make it work。

 or if you want to actually then not just get out of that pain。

 but also getting to the pleasure of being in a relationship with that kind of girl getting intimate with that kind of girl。

 if that's your goal， it is very crucial to you understand how women work。Now。

 you've probably gone out already。 or if you've never gone out。

 you've probably already talked to a couple of girls， right， And you saw that， yeah。

 women might be very similar， but they're not the exact same。 Obviously， every person， every's。

 every person is different。 Everyone's an individual。And everyone has different types of desires。

 et cetera。But if you look at it， some people might actually behave similarish and others they don't。

 right， Like， you meet a girl。 And then she acts in one way， you meet another girl the next day。

 and she totally acts very differently。 Like this one's crazy。 This one's shy。

 This one just wants to talk all the time。 This one does never want to talk。

 And then people are like， hey， we gotta， we got to build a system and models。

 And this one's introverted。 And this one's whatever。 And people try to kind of like。

 make sense of this whole complexity of girls。Which is really hard to do， right。

 So and then the next thing， I hope you realize that it's not only about doing the right thing。

 but it's about doing the right thing at the right time with the right type of girl。 Okay。

 so you's say you meet a very， very shy girl。 Have you ever met。

 Maybe you were in school or you were at your workplace and there's a girl。 You know。

 she's kind of like introvertted。 She's like working all the time。 And she's kind of shy。

 And you walk up to her And。Maybe you have an idea of like putting your arm around her straight away。

 And she kind of like freaks out because she's like， oh my God， what's happening， right。

 And that is not the right thing to do， it might actually be the right thing to do。

 but not at the right。 That wasn't the right time。 for sure， Maybe you are at a party。

 The girl' going。 Everyone's going， nuts so crazy one's dancing。

 And there you put the arm around the girl。 And she puts her around her arm around you because it's a party mood。

 And fun stuff is happening。 And you want to ammp it up together。

 That is the right time to do the right thing。 And it was also the right girl。

 So it's kind of about it's having that gauge having that calibration during the right thing at the right time。

😊，Okay。And then， as I already said， like， there's the different types of girls。 And for me， there's。

 I don't know， maybe like1 thousand types of girls。 but that's kind of like hard to teach。

 So what I found is an amazing study that has been done in England。 Okay。

 I actually forgot the professor's name。 but it's irrelevant。 we want to get。

 we we want to get to the core message here。 What was the value out of that study is they wanted to know。

😊，What kind of guys do girls want， And they found out。

What kind of guys do these girls want to have in their lives， Like。

 what kind of guys are these girls attracted to。And then they also find out what kind of girls are attracted to you what kind of guy and they put it down in a very。

 simple format and it's very， very usable and it's exactly it's a perfect foundation for us to build your knowledge and build your understanding and build your kind of like your success on and for right now this is the perfect thing to do and you actually won't even need much entrepreneur to be pretty much better than like 99% of guys out there that have like no clue whatsoever。

So they found out that there is three types of girls。That you can put pretty much any girl into。

 like any girl is one of these three archetypes。 Now， again， it's a model。 It's a map。

 It's not the terrain， right， So that means that every girl， you know。

 might also be like a little bit of the other ones and can act like the other archetypes。

 but she has one that is pre dominant。So what are these three types of girls Well the first one。

I like to call her the party girl。 Okay， that that type。

 the type of girl that probably comes late to school。

 you've probably all had an experience like that where like one girl or I don't know how many girls in your in your class。

 It just like always late， always kind of like having a new guy always like partying， always out。

 and she's really defined by being a person that wants to have all this whole like range of emotions go like super happy。

 kind of crazy。 She might just start a drama with a boyfriend out of nowhere to just like feel something。

 And she feels most alive when she's out with her friends partying and just like this entire stimulation is happening all the time for her。

 right， That's， that's what she kind of like earns。😊，Us， and then we have the second time。

Which is the bookworm。 Okay， and that's the type of girl that's never late for school that always has your homework done。

 That is mostly like at home reading someone that's a little bit more shy， more introverted。

 a girl that if she had the decision， for example， to stay at home with her boyfriend or with you。

And with a boyfriend or with you， if you were the boyfriend in this scenario。

 and you would watch TV or watch a movie or actually go out and party with other people。

 She'd probably rather stay at home。And like， you know。

 cuddle and eat some popcorn and stuff like that。 And those kind of girls also sometimes tend to be like slightly more。

You know， insecure， even though most girls are somewhat insecure， but they are like very insecure。

 and they always thinking like， oh， my life is so bad。 It's never working out。

 and they usually think of themselves more negatively than positively。

Then we have the third type of girl， which I like to call the prom queen。

 a girl that loves to be extroverted that loves talking that wants to meet people。

 wants to be social， might be also like the leader of like the cheerleaders team and is a girl that you know could be a prom queen someone that's super popular usually and is's just very。

 very talkative。And I don't know if you ever met a girl that， you know， just doesn't stop talking。

 She just keeps on talking， keeps on talking all the time。 And you're like， when is this gonna end。

 this is insane。 like my brain is already mush。 like she's still going。

 right seems like she's started。 So that kind of girl is a little bit different to like the party girl。

 she might also want to go out to be social。 but for her， it's really about， as I said。

 like that social part。 it's not about like having all these crazy things happen and go up and down with her emotions from like hot to cold。

 hot to cold for her， it's really about meeting people and being in that environment where she can be extroverted。

 So kind of like the opposite of the shy girl， which is more like you know introverted。

 She just wants to stay home with you， watch a movie， eat some cup popcorn and that kind of stuff。

 Then what they found out， is that there are four types of guys。

 that these girls are attracted to a like。Some of those girls attracted to some of these four types of guys。

 Now， usually when I explain this at like one of our longer， for example。

 imsions that we do like 14 days with like a small amount of people and it's literally just nonstop going out seminar going out seminar like learning something implementing straight away when I ask them there because the whole point about kind of like when when we have those imsions is that you can really like just put into practice。

 which I want you guys to do as well， it's all on up to you Okay you learn this as we set an introduction。

 you make the decision that you're gonna take this out there and actually make it work because otherwise you're bigger fool than the one that doesn't even know about this stuff Okay so you got to do that by yourself there we have more accountability we can even go deeper for now。

 we want to have that strong foundation。 Okay so we want to know about these four types of girls and we want to know about the four types of guys and these seminars。

 we usually like start talking about it。And then I have them guess I have them come up with what they think they might be。

 We got that interaction going here I'm just gonna to tell you straight away we get to the core of this and so that you totally understand what B been happening to you in the past why。

 for example， sometimes you're like very nice you're having a great connection with a girl in a bar or somewhere else and then a guy that kind of like seems like an asshole and doesn't even treat the girl the way that you feel like she should be treated just boom takes her away like right in front of you and she goes with him and she doesn't go with you。

 which is kind of weird if you think about it logically like once you know about this model here。

 you will understand why that happened and how you can prevent that from happening again So the four types of guys and also what I wanted to do this is like an at on which they didn't do in that study is ask yourself which of these things。

hIs like strong masculine， weak masculine， feminine， strong weak feminine energy。 Okay， what kind of。

 what kind of behavior are these guys putting out there。Is it masculine， Is it feminine。

 What kind of masculine is it。So let's start number one。

The first guy that some of these girls are attracted to， we call the leader。 Okay。

 someone who goes out， meets girls， meets other people who likes going out。

 who makes sure that he leads the whole group。 Okay。

 He doesn't even have to actually be going on like meeting girls like per se。 But he's。

 he's the kind of guy that she's leads a whole group for that。 He will have to be extrovert。

 He has to be social。 He has to be empathetic。 He needs he needs to understand how a girl thinks and again not pathetic but empathetic difference。

 and。That's the kind of guy that， you know， might be like the leader of like the football team or he'd be like a politician again or the president。

Those are usually the leaders。Then。This second guy。Is the bad boy。

The guy that doesn't really care what anyone thinks doesn't really。

 It doesn't really matter what the rules are。 He just does whatever he wants。

 And even if there is actually a rule， he has that feeling like， I want to break that thing。 Okay。

 I want to break that rule。 and he really lives on the edge。

Of what is allowed and likes to experience the kind of like that crazier lifestyle of not knowing what's going to happen is very unpredictable。

 Sometimes he's， you know， he even acts mean to girls， and they still seem to like him。

 for some reason。He has a lot of certainty， though。 Most of these guys have a lot of certainty。

 and he doesn't care what other people think。 So it's a very， it's a strong expression of freedom。

Again， see， that's like， these are the masculine energy traits that this kind kind of guy would have。

And yeah， I mean， just think of like your school bully or somebody like that that would fit into this category。

Then number three， number three is the nice guy。A lot of people， they think the nice guy。

A girl could be attracted to a nice guy really， but they don't isn't isn't it like that they always go for like the bad boy or the asshole and the nice guy always finishes last so doesn't get the ones that you want。

Not really。 Not in this way。 They last。 the one that finishes last。 We'll get to in a second。 Okay。

 it's not the nice guy。 Nice guys don't actually finish last。The nice guy， he takes care of girls。

 He makes sure that she feels fine。 A lot of people， even I。

 I was a nice guy when I started going out， E cetera with my first girlfriend and I made sure she feels great。

 I was always like there for her， I was making sure that she has a great time。

 I was making sure other people have a great time。 So you're the kind of like the nice guy that wants to make sure that not only he。

😊，Is happy， but everyone around him is happy as well。 right， So that's kind of like a strong empathy。

And we'll get into them the trades in a second。Then the fourth type of guy。

 What's the fourth type of guy。The girls are attracted to。The fourth type of guy is the provider。

 Someone who takes care of them in a materialistic sense。Sometimes even an emotional sense。

 but more materialistically。Who buys them a car， or makes sure that they feel happy because they tell him that they want to have some prada or cocoa Chanel bag or something like that。

 and he just buys her heart in a way。The problem with that is， is that it's not really genuine。

 and it's not with his personality。 And if the， if the his all the wealth and all that is gone。

 he's not going to have it anymore。 right， That's not the only thing that the girl usually wants to have。

 right？ So if he loses that， there's no value。For him anymore， so that the provider。Fourth guy。

 he always finishes second。 Okay， it's always the second choice of pretty much every girl。

Now we already come like talking about the choices， so we have these for types， so guys， right？

And then we have the three types of girls。 Now， here， it's where it's where it gets really。

 really interesting。Because every single one of these girls has a preference。

A guy that she wants to go for more than anyone else at all times。UnAs yourself， the party girl。

What kind of guy do you think。Party girl would want to go for， what you want to go for the leader。

 which you want to go for。The bad boy， would you want to go for the nice guy。

 or would you just gonna want to go for the provider。 The party go。 think， think for a second。

 Which guy would you want go for leader， Ba boy or nice guy or even the provider。Now， usually again。

 we have a little discussion happening。And then we find out like。

 why would you want to go for the God and I'm about to tell you？But if you think about it。

 what are her needs。 She wants to feel this experience of like， you know， up and down。

 and it's hot and cold。 and she wants to feel alive to have that emotional roller coaster。

 Which of these four guys was probably most likely to make that happen。The leader， the bad boy。

 the nice guy or the provider。 Well， probably you guessed it。 boom。

 they w to show you the middle finger。 But it is the bad boy。 Okay。

 why because the bad boy doesn't care。 He just does things that are unpredictable。 He just。

 for example， He might just like。Rock up with his bike。 throw on the back of his motorbike。

 Were like， baby， leave your phone here。 We're gonna go for a ride。 And she's like， what's happening。

 Or he might just start a fight in， in， in a nightclub。

 And it's just like her emotions just go crazy。 Okay， that stimulates her keeps her very。

 very interested。Second type of girl， the second type of girl is our bookworm， right， shy girl。

 the bookworm， which guy do you think she wants to go for for the leader that's always social。

Maybe not。 She wants to go for the nice guy。 Why does she want to go for the nice guyses Because the guy。

 the nice guy makes her feel nice， He makes her feel good because she usually has his negative selftalk and he gives her all these compliments。

 And then she's like， oh， I feel better about myself。 Okay， And then the last girl。😊，第一。

The prom queen， right， she's kind of like a prom queen， so she wants to be with the leader， the king。

 right， king and queen kind of like it it fits together because he's social。

 he's leading the group and she can be with him so when she's with him it's certain that that she's going be in a social place and stuff is going be happening right together。

So now we see that every one of these girls has a preference。And she likes one of three guys。

 the most。And what's happened with this provider is as we already said。

 he is the second choice of every single girl if she can' have the one that she really。

 really desires， she won't actually go for another type， So for example， the party girl。

 she rather has the provider then a pure leader or pure nice guy And if a relationship doesn't work out it's usually because these preferences are mismatched and it just happened for some other reason。

 usually for like convenience because how do relationships even happen。

 How do you actually find a girl， how do you actually get into relationship。Well， number one。

 proximity。Number two， you got to have some kind of chemistry。 and if you like， you know。

 you can even fake that a little bit。 And number three， convenience， right。

 So those are like the main factors that coming to play when it comes down to like finding a girl。

 finding a girlfriend， someone to be with。And when you have that convenience。

 you might actually choose a partner that's not your ideal。

 but then it will not work out in the long term。 So if like the party girl goes out。

 goes out with the leader， the leader doesn't want to like， you know。

 be around a girl that's always like doing all this crazy stuff。

 And and she's not gonna be like just wanting to go out and like just come like be normal。

 She wants to be excited， right， Then she might be in a relationship with him。

 but then find other kind of like， vehicles to meet her need for， let's say， craziness or variety。

And the same thing happens with a shy girl。 Sam thing happens with the prom queen。

So we want to make sure that if you have a girl that is， for example。

 a prom queen that you probably have to be a leader if you want to make it happen over the long term。

And now this is where it gets interesting。What if。What， like， why does it get interesting now。

 It's because then you'd be asking yourself， well， which which type of girl should I go for then。

 you know， And then someone's like， oh， you know， just， just go for this one type of girl。

 But you might be like。But I don't want one type of girl。 I want， I want。All of them。

At least that's what I wanted。 Like the first time I found out about this， I'm like， that's awesome。

 And I， I think like I was a nice guy。 but， but I don't want just like the one type of girl。

 I want all of them because。😊，In all three types， the girls are very attractive and they can be very feminine。

 Okay， so it doesn't。 It's not like the party girls are like the prom queens are more attractive than any other one。

 or then like the bookworm' extremely attractive bookworms out there。

 And I want to be able to get all of them。 Am I stuck in this nice guy thing， No。

 What do you can do is look at the traits that all these characters have like the guys， the mask。

 like the mask inside here and just adapt their positive traits because you want to be like water。

 Okay， you don't wantna again， you don't to have a mask What do you want to evolve。😊。

You can evolve into it and you， as a person， as a guy。

 have the ability to get into every single one of them and show their personality in the right moment。

 that part of your personally， because if you talk to your grandmother， for example。

 you're probably not talking and behaving around her the same way you do with your five year old brother or you would。

 with your girlfriend or you would with your mom or you would with your doctor or your teacher。Right。

 with me， if you meet me in person， hopefully you're not gonna to act with me the same way you do with your girlfriend。

 So it's not that， you know， you'd be like faking it or like， oh， I'm not being true to myself。

 You want to evolve。get rid of that belief that you're just one thing。 And you're not your thoughts。

 You are， you're not your behavior。 You're much， much more than that。

 Those thoughts are usually just conditioning to your brain is like a reflex organ just gets gives a straight answer straight away to any stimulus that is happening is usual precondition because of your experience in the past and what what you felt meant pain and what you felt meant pleasure。

 And that's kind of like how you personally you got together， right， But you much。

 much more than just your external actions。 And we get into that a little bit later on in the pain and pleasure section。

 But right now。😊，Want to make sure that you realize that you can be all of them。

And that's someone that I called a Joker， okay， you can be the Joker， which is the nice guy。

 the leader and the bad boy。And a lot of guys that get really good with a large amount。

 large amount of women or like all different types of women。

 they usually naturally actually become the joker or。😊，That's that's another one。 girls。

 guys that get a lot of girls， but they don't change their approach。

 They're always doing the exact same thing。 They're acting like a bad boy。

 They will only get the party girls， and then they make a generalization of like every girl is crazy。

Well I totally just want to have these crazy experiences always let's go up and down。That's not true。

That's just because you only act in one way， if you act like the bad boy to the bookworm。

 which just going to freak out and run away。Because she doesn't feel like you have enough empathy for her to be attractive。

 right。So。We don't want to generalize， and we want to have the most options。

And then we can also decide what kind of girl do we want， right， But let's say。

 how can we get all of these girls is once you start talking to you， let's say a girl。

 and you look at her， you will actually be able to tell， is she the the promo the prom queen。

 the promo girl。 I she the prom queen， I she the party girl。 what is she the bookwor that's very shy。

 like standing there in a corner by herself。 or maybe doesn't want to really talk。

 She's not really talking to all your friends。 She's kind of like being there。

 And then you can adapt you approach。 So if she's more shy， you probably want to be a bit nicer。

 if she's crazy， you can be like more like the bad boy。

 And that's why I started to become And then in the middle of that。

 I actually found out about the study and then I actually became aware of it because you will then be rewarded for doing the right thing at the right time。

 I come back to that whole kind of like。System or that whole approach of doing the right thing at the right time。

 So you go up to not to， let's say。Bookworm， and you start talking to her。

 And then you do nice things。 And then she really like starts getting attracted more and more and more that your behavior will be reinforced because you getting pain sorry。

 you're getting pleasure， right， And then you do， for example， you go up to a girl that is crazy。

 That's a party girl。 And you do something super nice。 or you're very empathetic from very beginning。

 And she's like， and she's not interested And you， no， And then you get pain。 So you're like， oh。

 I shouldn't do this here。 and I should do it here。 I'm doing the same thing。

 But depending on what kind of girl it is， I get a different outcome。Interesting。

So that's how you then emotionally， subconsciously start to understand and just kind of like feel a girl and know what to say。

 I don't now consciously， I don't have to think about this anymore。 I could just go up to girl。

 And just by the way that she starts acting towards me。 Oh， I know she's more like this。

 She's more like that。 Just more the party girl， more the prom Queen more like the bookworm。

 And I kind of like adjust my approach so she can relate to me。 I showed that attractive side of me。

 which and I've developed all three of them。And then she will want to get to know me a little bit more。

 And again， we all have the ability to be everything。 Even that girl。

 she might have just like experienced something that made her like shy away when she was younger for some reason。

 that's why she's a bookwroom。 the party girl She， you know。

 was restrained all the time when she was young。 And now she's like。

 fuck and she wants to let it out。 So we're all kind of like more holistic creatures。Again。

 this is just a nap。And the last thing。The last， but almost most important thing when you want to become that joker is to realize that all of these three guys。

They have。Attributes and characteristics that are not attractive。

And that the girls actually don't like。Let's think about。Think about the bad boy。

And I hope you're taking notes I want guys to take notes on this。

Pretty much just like write down like bad boy， Le， nice guy。So the bad boy， what kind of。

Characteristics does he have that the girl， even the party girl， doesn't like。Well， he's just some。

 sometimes too much of an asshole， right， He might just like， as I totally before。

 he like rocks up with his bike。 But instead of just like nicely like。

 stopping the thing right in front of her， he might just rock up and like， you know。

 hit the brakes before her and like kind of like。Whirl up all this dirt and just like have it fly into her face and then laugh at her。

 right， like。And the girl， she doesn't like that because he's being a dick。 He's being an asshole。

 So that is something that is too much。 okay， or they're just they they're never truthful。

 They just do all these crazy stuff。 And that girls literally actually doesn't like it。

 That's why they break out with them。Then they go to nice guy。Because they're been wounded。

 But he's not crazy enough。 There's no nothing happening。 So they go back to the bad boy。Right。

And it's very， very rare that a guy can be all three of them。

But if a girl meets you and you can be all three of them。

You're attractive to every single girl out there。 You can kind of like show the right side to her at every point。

 There will be so much attraction。 There will be so much like， she will be so bought in。

 she will never think of leaving you， especially when you just cut all these negative traits， which。

 by the way， are all weak， masculine energy。Think about it， right。

 He feels like he needs to prove something。 He' is not being empathetic。

 That's that's not what a grounded， strong masculine guy that like masculine energy would do。

Second guy， the nice guy。What's something about the nice guy that is very， very unattractive？Well。

 he's too needy。 Okay， I in the beginning， who， I was jealous as hell。For example。

 like if I saw my girl like talk to another guy or hug another guy， I'm like， oh。

 I don't like that because I was， I was afraid that I'd lose her。Now， I'm like the least jealous guy。

 Like even if a girl is like， you know， I'm talking to a girl or I'm in a relationship with a girl and she's like。

 hey， I want to go out with this guy。 I'm like， cool。 you should have。 you should go。

 You should have fun。 Let me how you go， You know， And I do my thing。 And then she' said。

 why doesn't he care。 Why is he like so cool about it， And I give her all the freedom。

 And then she comes to me。😊，Because I'm not trying to trap her at all， right， But in the beginning。

 I was a little bit different。 So I was needy， for example。

 So that's the number one thing that's very unattractive for the for the girl is that neediness。

Kd of drives it out。 It's the opposite of love。So you just cut it and you just nice。

 imagine you're just nice to girl and you never need her。That is extremely like for the girl。

 She's like holy shit。 I want to have this guy because if I don't go for him。

 he'll just get another girl because he's just nice to everyone or whatever。

 And he doesn't want anything in a return。That is strong masculine energy you just love。Number three。

Is the leader， What could， what could be something unattractive about the leader， Because in a sense。

 you know， I was acting more like a nice guy。But now I really felt that my true thing。

 like was something that where my true energy lies is being kind of like the leader。

Being the nice leader， that's where for example， I want to be at， right， So， for example。

 if you look at the way I'm like。Running my life right now。I'm the nice guy。

 I always make sure that the girl has a great time。

 I'm always getting better at being more empathetic with everyone， with my employees。

 people that work with me， the people that I meet on the street， everyone。😊，I'm always with girls。

 I just do something unpredictable at times。 It just something crazy that they never would expect。

 I just frolock up。 I just， I just tell them， let's go on this like one day trip to do something crazy if she's more like the party girl。

 which is a bad boy thing to do。And there she come like， she can never tell what will happen。

 And if we go out。 And if I have a seminar， everyone's following me。 So I'm the leader， right。

 So I'm everything。 And I want to invite you to be the same because then you can really get the most out of this。

 But what's one thing that the leader does， which is sometimes just too unattractive is that he just takes every fucking little decision。

 Every decision has to be his decision。 So when it's like， hey， let's， you know。

 what kind of movie do you want to watch。 And the girls's like let's watch。 I don't know。

 like 50 shits gray or whatever girls want to watch。You're like， no， we watch 300， you know。

 it's like， this or nothing。And that's， again， too much you're force for， not powerful。

 not being the strong masculine。 Youre mean a weak masculine。

Thinking that you might not be enough thinking that you have to reinforce your position。

Whereas the best leaders never even try to lead or like the best types of leaders in in the world。

Jesus。Gandhi。Nelson Mandela， okay， those kind of spiritual leaders。 they were just like。

 I don't want to actually want to lead， but someone's got to do it。 So I guess I I have to do it。

So that's kind like the highest level of leader that you。To conclude。You want to be me。

I'm just joking。Yeah。そうそす。Now， just joking， but the point is that I want to show you。

 you want to be that joker。 you obviously don't want to be the provider or the rich kid that's just like buying everyone's love。

 You don't want to be that。 You want to be all three of them。

 the positive ones of them because they're all masculine energy， it's all kind of like the same。

 It's all that masculine， strong energy。Expressing itself through different facets。

 That's all it really is。 Okay， you not faking anything。

 It's just because of certain social conditioning that we usually one of those three types。

 Or it's even none of them， but those are the three ones that are actually attractive to girls。

 Allright， that way， you will have the most choice。 And I know this was a lot of stuff。

 can watch this video again， take notes， if you haven't， if you haven't taken any notes before。

 because this is something。 if you learn， literally， if you just learn this one thing。

 you start applying it on all you think when you go out， It's like， okay， what kind of girl is this。

 There's all you think like， can you remember three things。 All right， It's like， of course you can。

 It's like， what kind of girl is this， It's this girl， is this girl the bookworm。

 Is she a party girl， Is she the prom queen。 you know， extrovert and everything。

 or she super shy or is she crazy。😊，Kind of thing。 and literally ask herself that。 And then like。

 okay， she's that。 Well， the prom queen。 Well， she likes the leader。 So I gotta be lead。 Okay。

 I've gotta like make decisions。 Leing is not just like leading a group of people。

 It's also leading the interaction。 It's like leading where this is going。

 It's taking it's making decisions。 Okay， that's actually kind of like the core of leadership is make decisions for yourself and others that are good。

 or even better than something else as somebody else will be able to come up with and have certainty。

 leaders have usually a lot of certainty as well， which again， is something that will look at very。

 very soon because it's one of those six keys。😊，that you want to have so you can get any girl so you can get into an intimate relationship with any girl out there that certainty is very。

 very key。So watch it again because just as one thing here can change everything。

 And you would actually not even have to watch anything else。 And that's what I try to do。

 I want to put so many things into this program that you literally if you just apply one of them。

 It can change your entire life， especially in regards to girls。

 Okay but also this will ripple in all the all in your in all your other areas。 came。

 you will start becoming more of a leader type guy。

 if you start becoming more of a bad boy in a good sense， that is fun。

 that does things that are exciting， Okay， and they're unpredictable， adventurous。

 people want to be adventurous， people want to be passionate。😊，Thank you so much。

 In the next section， we're going to look at the things that you want to start doing so that internally world is so strong that you don't even have to do anything out there。

 Get something crazy and girls just。Start coming to you even more。 Thanks so much for watching。

 Thanks to you。