# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：04、执行：1.可利用性【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Welcome back。Now， before we're going to dive into all the things about execution and how to actually make it happen out there in the world。

 What kind of things do you need to focus on And before we go into gaze or another word for it will be calibration。

 I want to introduce one of the most important concepts that exists that are out there。

 but pretty much almost no one knows about it or is paying attention to it。

 everyone is so like crazy about， oh， I gotta get her attracted。

 I got to make sure that the girl is attracted to me。

 and they forget about another thing that is almost， if not even more important than attraction。

 Actually， what I'm about to teach you right now has much more of an impact or kind of like wait if something's gonna happen in an intimate sense with you and the girl。

 then any attraction ever will， which is。😊，Availability， okay。

 a girl needs to be available to be able to meet you， to spend time with you。

 to even get attracted to you， to get to know you， to be aroused to know that she can trust you because she needs to she needs to spend time with you。

 Okay， time spend with you is extremely important to make sure that this is gonna go somewhere。

 If a girl just meets you and she only knows you for five or 15 minutes。

 no matter how amazing you are， she won't trust you enough and won't be able nothing will happen。

 And if the situation isn't humanly possible。 There's like no humanly possible way that you guys could spend time with each other。

 obviously， nothing is gonna happen。 So availability has two components。

 the first one is does she have time when you meet the girl is she doing something that you really cannot。

Stop like she's running to the doctor and has to make sure that she actually is going to get the appointment regarding whatever。

 or is she like boarding a plane and she has to leave right now。That is the first part。

 that time aspect。 Okay， we're going to dive into that a little bit more during the seven steps where I'm going to show you where do girls actually have more time。

 Where do they actually want to be meeting a guy。 And in what situations。

 it doesn't really make sense。 And it's really just like a numbers game and even and it doesn't really have much to do with skill。

The second part of availability is， is she emotionally available， I she emotionally not loyal。

To some other guy， right， which means that that usually is her boyfriend。

 but it doesn't have to be the boyfriend she might have a boyfriend on Facebook。

 but she still might not actually be committed。 And at the same time。

 she might actually be committed to a guy emotionally， but not be boyfriend girlfriend yet。 Okay。

 girls for them， it's really about that emotional commitment that that they give to one guy。

 Usually for most girls， it's one guy at a time。 if it's not just like a fun thing like sooner or later。

 they usually like lock in and they want to make sure that they can get this one guy。

 If she is emotionally committed to someone， it's very hard to make that happen。

 There actually is a way to still kind of like get a girl like that。

 But there are so many attractive girls out there。 that are single that are available that really right now。

 we want to focus on making it happen with those kind of girls。

