# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：03、内外Game：3.状态与焦点 【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

The first way to change your emotional state is。Your body。 and the second way is your mind。

How do you use your mind and especially what do you focus on？

 So instead of asking yourself like or like telling yourself like be happy， be happy， be happy。

 which won't work， there is kind of like a backdo in your mind where you can literally change your emotional say sometimes even faster than with your body。

 especially when you've done it a lot of times。 So when we focus on things。

Our focus is determined by our self talk。And our self talk is pretty much just asking ourselves questions。

 Okay， if you ever listen to actually like what you're telling yourself。

 you pretty much all the time asking yourself questions。 And the questions you ask yourself。

 will even like determine the quality of your life， which will have a look at afterwards。

 But for right now， I want to just tell you that。The selfta is asking yourself questions and the answers to those questions are what you focus on。

 and then that will make you feel a certain way。 So imagine， right。

 you'd be asking yourself negative questions all the time， You'd be always asking yourself。

 Why won't you work， Why am I not enough， Why will it not work this time。

And you go out and you start， let's say going out and you see a girl。

 And that's where you ask yourself， why won't he work。 Why will you know。

 this will not work this time， Why will the girl not react to me positively and you find reasons。

 because she's there with a guy because she seems busy you start focusing on that。

 you will not feel empowered， you will feel like， oh。

 I shouldn't do this whereas someone who has that positive kind like focus。

 he's asking himself positive questions， will have a totally different experience。

 even if it's the same thing， It's kind of like the way it works is like even when we go。

 let's say to a bar。Or you go to a party or let's， let's just say you go to the bar。

 And then the way our focus works is that we only take in a little like an absolute fraction。

 like a small part of what's actually happening right now。

 even in this moment that you're listening to me。 Like right now。

 you're probably not focusing on like the blood that's pulsating through your right arm。

 or let's say your right hand。😊，Now that I talk about it， you'd be like， oh。

 is there actually a pulse boom。 you ask yourself a question and there you go。

 and you might actually feel something in your right hand that you didn't feel before。

 You actually did feel it， but only subconsciously you didn't put your conscious minded right now in this room。

 I have all these lights at me。 I have my camera guys sitting there。

 making sure that the shot is perfect。 that we have this whole thing going， checking the audio。

 I'm taking in all these colors。 There's all this stuff like around me， for example。

 that you guys don't even see。😊，You're watching me， you're seeing me， you're looking at my beer。

 you're looking at my hair， you're looking at my eyes。

 you're probably in your in your bedroom and you can see all these different things。

 it's all being stimulated， but you're all deleting。Most of it， because it's not relevant。

 is it's just too much like your brain just doesn't have enough Ram to kind of like filter it all to like let it all in because you're literally to be like。

 it's happening。 It's too much。 So our brain only can focus on certain things。

 And then literally just deletes all of it， which is not really experiencing reality as it is。

 And it's only experiencing a fraction of it。 So even if there might be something positive about a situation。

 If you don't focus in it， you literally won't see， you literally won't feel it。So again。

 let's get to back to the example。 you probably went to a bar once in your lifetime。

 maybe hundreds of times。And then whatever you focus on will literally determine how you feel。

 So you could see all these people， right， And， for example， some people they're having a fight。

 right， or like actually like two guys are having a fight。 And you're like， whoa， that's like。

 it's too intense。 Like， this party， it's like super， it's very like dangerous here。

 And instead of just like focusing on one thing， you also make it bigger than it actually is like you boom and you zoom in like with this camera。

 we can do the same thing。 you zoom in and make it a little bigger than it is。

 And then when you look at it， you have it totally bright and totally vivid in in your mind's eye。

 which makes it very intense。😊，At the same time， there might have been people that were like。

 you know， really like becoming intimate and loving each other。 Some other guy。

 some other the people were having a lot of fun。 But because you might be asking yourself， hey。

 what's dangerous about here， what's dangerous here， you might just see the fight。 And you're like。

 whoa， that's the entire reality here。 And you might not even want to go out anymore because you're like。

 whoa， whoa， it's too dangerous because you deleted everything else。 And you's just like。

 look at I one thing。 And then that。😊，Being positive negative makes you feel something else， right。

 Our focus happens through something that's called R A S reicular activating system， Hu word。

 that's why we short it to RS， which focuses on one of three main things。 Okay。

 something that will fall into one of three things and literally just cats out everything else。

 Number one is can this kill me。 N two， Can I mate with this number three。 Can I eat it。😊。

As kind of like simple as it sounds。 that's really what it all comes down to is like whatever we actually focus focus on。

 usually has to do one of these three things or making one of these three things better。

 these two are kind of like positive。 Like can I eat this and can I mate with this。

 And this is like literally a little bit negative。 this is like know。

 can this kill me because for example， you're listening to this right now。

 And hopefully youll never experienced this， but I've experienced earthquakes in my life。

 let's say we're shooting this video right now here。

 And now it's just everything would start shaking。 And like the roof would start to fall apart。

 I would be like， whoa， I got to fucking run。 and I'm not gonna be caring about anything that's in here because I want to make sure that I don't die。

 So boom I focus on that same thing for you imagine like you're watching my video right now。

 And you're like， yeah， that's good content。 I really love watching this and makes a lot of sense。

 And I know that my life's gonna be so much better after like getting this all in and actually。

lyYou got to apply what you learn。And imagine the the roof just starts to fall apart and stuff starts falling down。

 You're like， whoa， whoa， shit。 I got a relief。 and you wantna。

 you're not gonna care about this anymore because you're like， well。

 I first gonna make sure that I don't die。 So your focus goes to the one thing that could kill you and you have to avoid that before you actually ready。

To put information in， but right now you're like home？

There's nothing that could kill me here or very unlikely。 So I can look on the other two， right。

 were usually more pain driven than pleasure driven。

 So we always just want to make sure first can nothing kill me。

 or am I sure that nothing could kill me。 like anticipation。 Also like we all oftentimes。

 we just make up stuff in our minds。 It's not even true at all。And then once you're ready。

 they're like， okay， maybe this can help me to get better at finding a mate。

 Maybe this can help me to get better at having better food and making sure that I survive。

I hope all these things then slightly start to come together。

