# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：03、内外Game：2.拒绝【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

Rejection， the one emotion that pretty much every single human being in the entire world is most afraid of having someone not wanting to go for you that you like or not getting something that you wish to receive or not getting a position that you would want to have in your work and your job and your career。

Being rejected。That's something that pretty much paralyzes every single one of us。

That fear of not receiving what you want then makes us absolutely passive and not go for what we really want to create。

 right， Imagine a scenario。Where。You go out。And you're in a bar。 You might be in an nightclub。

 or you might be in a park。 It doesn't matter。 Maybe during the day。

 And you see someone that you want to talk to。 You see that girl and。

You experience all this fear like out out of the blue for no reason， right。

 You were having a good time。 You might be just walk， be walking down the lake。

 I remember in Switzerland， I would usually go somewhere。There was a lake called Zurich。

 like Lake a Zurich。 and I'd be like walking down along the lake of Zuric。

 and then I might see a girl over there that I want to talk to， but I would have that feeling of。

 oh wow， I'm feeling fear and that fear is。Towards that feeling of rejection。

 What if I actually went up， but it didn't work。Now， here。

 I don't want to just give you some positive thinking and be like， hey， don't worry。

 you'll make it happen。 What I want to do is give you that real truth。

 That thing that lies behind everything。 So you will never。

 ever have to experience something that is gonna paralyze you for no good reason only because everyone else around you might get paralyzed。

 Okay， so I'm pretty sure that you've felt that way before， because I know I have。And it's very bad。

 it's not a good feeling to have， right？Now， the goal is going to be that after this entire thing here after this section。

 you will never experience that fear again， which is quite a big claim to make， or at the very least。

 know exactly how to deal with it if it came up and get rid of it as fast as possible so。

What's the reason for your anxiety， What's the reason for you to feel that fear。

 feel that fear of rejection？The reason is that we are hardwired to do two things in our life， okay？

Our DNA only cares about two things， it doesn't care， for example， if you're happy not。

Or if you fulfilled， absolutely doesn't care。 your DNA has one purpose。

 which means or which is that it wants to keep going。

 It wants to have you reproduce and it wants you to stay alive so that you have a bigger chance of reproducing。

 and that's it。 If you're happy doing that or not happy while're doing that。

 It's absolutely irrelevant。 So all your emotions are meant to keep you in a place where this has the highest probability of happening。

 right。Because imagine that。If you started to do something that you've never done before。

 your actual， your nervous system feels like， whoa， I'm going to die doing this。

 I might die if I do something that I've never， ever done before because you don't have an reference experience yet of doing that and getting away with it in a good way。

 right？ So something you could literally equal death。Scrs up to that point。

You've obviously been alive。 You might have had that experience of reproduction。

 even if it was just by yourself。But you have those feelings。 So your DNA is like， hey。

 we're doing everything right， Anything new that we could do or we might do might actually mess it up so。

Your body is telling you do not do this， all right？The problem is that we have that apparent truth。

 right， the apparent truth。For your anxiety， the reason for your anxiety is external。

 something's happening outside there that you can't influence and that makes you feel not at ease it makes you feel that fear of rejection right if you would go up by at least that anticipation that something might not go the way you want。

 which is pretty much you know what rejection would be right so the apparent truth is that well I see that girl and I start feeling this。

Now， the actual truth is that it's generated within you 100%。

 How do we know that this is true is because。Different people， different guys。

 can be in the exact same situation and do and feel totally differently， totally differently。

 Now you can put five guys in the exact same situation。

 Every single one is going to react differently。 Imagine， for example， yourself。

And you might have had a person in your life in the very beginning of your life where you might have had like a fight with。

 You know， you were might， maybe in primary school and you guys， you， he might。

 might have bullied you or something。 And you， he。Just make sure that he attached a lot of pain towards words。

Him， okay， for you， you create a lot of pain whenever you thought about him。Now。

 some other person has never met that guy before might look at that guy and be like。

 oh just a regular dude。 Then maybe he married。 maybe 20 years later， He totally changed。

 He became a saint。 and he married a girl。 And she totally loves him。

 you haven't seen him for 20 years。 But again， if you would see him again， you would react to him。

 like， that's that， that asshole from， from school that was treating me so badly。

And then a third person， maybe another girl that had a very bad experience with wet myth man and just generalizes that all men are bad might again be scared of that guy。

 Okay， it's the guy he's just standing running his own business and everyone。

Feels a different emotion depending on what happened in their past and also towards him or what they think he is。

 because no one's actually reacting to you or not you're never reacting to the actual girl there。

 you're always reacting to an image。That you paint off that girl and then you're reacting to that。

 but you are the painter， right if somebody。Would make like if。

 if an artist would paint a picture and he would paint this beautiful lady in this picture。

 And then he'd be like， oh my God， this lady is so beautiful。 I want to be in love with her。

 I want to， I wantna， I want to marry her。 It wont be like， you're crazy。

 You put him in the in the hospital。 like this is， this， this guy's crazy。

 or even if you like made a picture。 and it would be like a terrifying picture and he'd start believing his own creation。

 Oh my God， this person is gonna kill me。 I need to run away。 It won't be like， w。😊。

Dude like that's not normal。But we're all doing that all the time to every single person that we meet。

Were creating that picture and we're reacting to it， which in a way is not。The real truth。

 the real truth is that you create that picture， not her。

Why does this fear happen is because we have expectations。

 guyss have expectations and rules for what needs to happen for， for example。

 an interaction to be successful。They have like， literally exact rules like this and this and this。

 and this has to happen。 Some of them are external。

 Some of them are internal for guys that are have having a huge kind of like issue with this。

 and a lot of。Struggle， It's usually that they have a lot of external rules that need to happen。

 which are not in their control， which then obviously give you that feeling of fear because you don't know if it's gonna work out。

 right。So there's different types of guys。 So let's say there's two types of guys。

 One guy who can just go up to a girl， have a good time， no matter what happens。

 And another guy who's freaking out doesn't know what to say and is feeling paralyzed by all these rules that he has for what needs to happen for him to be happy that this interaction is going in the right direction。

 now only need to ask yourself， like which guy do you want to be， And which guy are you right now。

 Okay， it's always， you always need to know where you're at and where you want to go if you have a map and you don't know where you going。

 the map's useless if you have a map and you don't know where you are。

 but you know where you're going again， the map is useless because you know。

 you don't know where you are and you don't know what the next steps are to actually get to that place So need to know where you are where youre going。

 then that map makes sense， Allright。So I want to give you a short little metaphor here。

Being that the difference between these two guys is kind of like the one guy acts in a way like a baby and the other guy acts like a man。

Why does he act like a baby， The first guy， Because he， he can't feed himself。

 He needs someone else to feed him in this， in this kind of like situation。

 iss like he needs to be fed good emotion。 He needs to be fed validation from outside So that he is satisfied。

 A man。 He can go out and feed himself。 He doesn't need anyone else to make him feel good。

 So the question is， who do you want to be， Do you want to be the baby or do you want to be the man who takes care of himself。

 who doesn't need that external validation。So the second guy， all of his rules are internal。

 which means that it's all in his circle of influence。

 He makes the decisions and it's all in his control。 He's asking himself， hey。

 what could I do right now to make this more fun。 How could I have fun。Bom， he's in control。

The second guy。The scare guys frame is what has to happen out there for me to feel happy。

Meaning that he's not in control。 And it's kind of like。

Why most guys that are successful or successful is because。

They would even tell you that they're only successful because they know how to take or accept and know and not take it as a personal assault to like their inner child。

 if a woman， let's say， says no to them at one point， which if you have your stuff together。

 if you thingss together， it actually is usually just kind of like a test to see where you're at。

 to see what this means， right？So you really want to grow up and don't be like that baby that we just talked about。

Now， what if you like， But， you know， I still really want to make a like me， though。 That's like。

 I mean， that's the outcome here， right， well。Same thing。 What kind of rules do you have。

So that you know that the girl likes you。 Every one's rules are different。 Some guy might be like。

 well， she has to hug me straight away。 And other guys might be or she has to smile。

 The third guys might be while she has to ask for my number within five minutes。

 like every one has totally different rules that are usually just。

 they just happened from like upbringing social conditioning。 They peers。

 what they think is normal and what certain things mean。 They're not even aware of it in that moment。

😊，And they let other people take charge of their life， which， again， isn't really a masculine。

 a strong masculine track because if you have strong masculinity， you take care。

 you take charge of your own life and the way you look at things。 So we all have these rules， right。

 Even I have rules for failure。 But my rules for failure is so hard to meet that I pretty much never。

 ever experience it。 For example， my rule for failure。

 would be that I would have to quit my life's mission， which I'll never， ever will。 And that way。

 I know， well， I'm not gonna to fail， I'm not gonna get rejected， or my rule， for example。

 to be rejected， is like it's very， very hard to meet because as long as， for example。

 the girl is there。 that's all that I need to know， it's going well。

 because I'm I'm assuming that it's gonna happen。 plus， with all the experience that I have。

 I know that pretty much。Any situation can be turned into something more intimate if I just。

 if we're just kind of like in the same space together or in proximity and all really needs to happen。

 It's just like some time needs to be spent with each other。

 you got to behave a certain way that I'm teaching you here and then it's bounty happen。

 It's literally just because she's a girl and youre a guy， it will always work。

 And it never almost has to do with you as a person that someone doesn't like you。

You usually reject yourself first and then the other persons like， well。

 if this guy sort reject himself， I guess he might not be， you know。

 he might not be good to catch them。So we can really predict even like how happy a person is by the amount of rules and expectations that he has of the external environment。

The lesser rules you have for what has to happen out there， which is not in your control。

The happier you are going to be because there's always going to happen stuff that you might not like。

 if your rule is like， I can only be happy when the sun is shining and then it's raining。 Well。

 you can't really influence the weather。😊，No matter how much you want to try。

So why would you ever come up with a rule for you to feel bad then， Okay。

 the the way you want to set up our rules is。Is it helpful to have this？

Is this pulling me in the direction。 I want to go。 A great example is like rules for freedom。

 Like a lot of people are like， oh， I can only be free when this and this and this and this and this happens when I make a million dollars at least a month when I have 10 girlfriends。

 when I can just flower around the world and do whatever I want。

 And only then I'm gonna to feel free。 And because of that。

 they actually feel restricted all the time as when where as when you just let go of that。

 you actually get that value much， much more， because freedom is as long as you realize that you have the ability to change your mind to change your focus And you are in control。

😊，You're free because the external environment is not in your control。

 So how could you ever want to kind of like set yourself up for failure straight away。

And then what's going to happen is when you really。

 really focus on that internal circle of influence。And truly believe in it。

 then other people are going to be drawn to you because you have a lot of certainty。

You are experiencing more beautiful states than pretty much anyone around you。

 And that is extremely attractive。 So it's kind of like this slight paradox where you're gonna get much。

 much more。 the more you try to let go of the external things。😊，So with some girls。

 you don't even know if if she's really already into you because a lot of things， as we said。

 are happening internally for them。 A lot of things are like she can't really tell if she is into you straight away because it doesn't work the same way as for us guys。

 they need to see how the guy is acting What kind of decisions is he making what would you do this would happen。

 What he would do that would happen and she needs to feel certain and she wants to feel trust in you。

 but doesn't happen like straight away。And even when a girl leaves。

 usually it doesn't even have anything to do with you and if it does。

 then it's just because she can't relate to like the momentary presentation that you are showing her of you and it's not you as a person right you might walk up to go start talking to her。

She knows you for five seconds。 and that's all she can judge。 She's not judging you for you。

She's judging the presentation of five seconds that you gave her of you in that one moment。

 and she might have been in a certain state， she might not have been super happy and again。

 girls always do whatever they feel like so she might not want to talk to anyone， right？But again。

 if a girl doesn't like want to comply whatever， you want to take that step back。

 give her all the room that she needs， because when girls give you that bad reaction。

 it always comes back to like that femininity Like just like think about femininity。

 and usually is the reason for it I listed them here is that you didn't create enough trust。

 You took away， for example， the entire anticipation by being extremely blondlunt。

 like took away the anticipation and the curiosity。 I just like here I am。 let's do this。

 you're making her feel uncomfortable， you're putting too many expectations on her and you being way too much in her face。

 If that's happening。 She's like， whoa， it's too much And she wants to bounce out。

 she wants to kind of like leave that situation because it's too much pressure for her。

 she doesn't know what to do because she couldn't yet make the decision if she liked you're not。

 even if a girl。For example， like， you know。Doesn't give you a positive response。 and you change。

 but she might not give you a positive response straight away， but you stay， you can change her mind。

 You can you can change her mood。 or like you can change her mind by changing her mood。

 And then later on， she's， again， like experiencing the present moment。 And now she feels ready。

 Now she feels good。 Now we can do this， right， And a quick point on failure。 Okay。

 anyone who's watching this。 I have probably failed way more than you。 Okay。

 or at least what society might look at and be like， oh， he that's failing， right。

 like doing something and knocking the the desired result straight away。

 The thing is failure and success are like two sides of the exact same coin。 Okay。

 it's the same coin。 And you have two sides of it。 when you fail。😊。

It means that you had bad judgment and because of that bad judgment。Now you have experience。

And once you have experience， you will have good judgment or better judgment and do something again。

Might again be bad judgment that's when you get the experience and then you will be more successful in the future。

 so for failure to success it's sort like like this， but it's like up and down， up and down。

 but there's a trend of you going up。And you always want to make sure that you adjust your approach a little bit。

 You don't want to be just doing the same thing every single time。 It's like it's not working。

' just doing the same thing， hammering the same thing。

 You want to get people that you don't know that are getting the results you want to get and you want to learn from them。

 Pret much what are you're doing right now， You want to learn from others once you hit a threshold So you get new ideas and you can cut that learning curve。

 If you don't have to like go and try to do this for like 10 years until you figure out。

 There's already all these people that have figured it out。

 And maybe there's only a few that have figured out in a way where you're like， yeah。

 I want to be able to do it like him。Right so you're doing that that's awesome so how can we go from like having all these external rules that are not in our control to have only internal rules that we are 100% in control of so we feel successful and we keep our state up。

 we keep a good state happening all the time we're not bullshing ourselves because we're not reacting to these images that everyone is creating。

 but we make sure that we set up the game so that we are having a good time。

First thing you want to do Anything that is not 100% in your control。 Just drop it。 Get rid of it。

 Make a decision， anything that I don't control。 I'm not going be concerned about in a way where I have expectations of what has to happen。

 just change that to appreciation。 If something happens externally。

 that is not in your control App it instead of trying to expect it and then ask yourself what is in my control to make this as much fun as possible and be able to relate to the girl so that she knows that I have empathy。

 right so。What can I do to write out to a thumb and also make it relatable to her？Next thing。

Is that you want to be focused on all the things that are funny internally， okay。

You don't need to be the clown though。 This is something that guys like confused。 They're like， well。

 you're saying that I should be the clown then like。

 do you want me to just like talk to the girl and then like make her laugh and， you know。

 be like the funny guy， the entertainer。 No， no， no， no， no。

 you entertain yourself as we' talked about in the self amusement section。 some of these things。

 by the way， I'm gonna be repeating them because you've got to hammer it in so that you are really experiencing。

 So you really feel this。 Okay， the main points here， the repetition is the the mother of skill。

 You have to hammer this in So because unconscious competence， not like an idea。 like， yeah。

 this is awesome to think about。 I want you to feel that every single day when you go out。

 So that's why I'm hammering this extremely important points in again and again and again， so。😊。

You want to focus on having fun， making it entertain yourself， and then share that fun with someone。

😊，Next thing that I want you to do is you want to focus on these positive outcomes that could come out of talking to your girls。

 So for example， you know， she could become a girlfriend you could become intimate。

 she could be the one。 No， you look at the girl like， hey。

 like how would it be to be intimate with this girl。

 How what if what if she was like the one girlfriend and I would like want to travel all around the world with and experience all these crazy things right through like the。

The jungle， like the Amazon and like， you know， go to Thailand， go to all these parties。

 go and meditate in India， whatever you like to do or like backpack through Europe。

 Who knows Those kind of experience are the ones that really like will stick with you for life。

 And you want to do that with someone。 So maybe that's her。 right。

 And then you focusing on those good things， You are again。

 internally taking charge of it instead of。Doing like， oh， what's not gonna to work。 And also。

 I wanted to put a lot of negativity， a lot of negative outcomes into your mind that what would happen if you didn't go and talk to the girl。

 right， What negative things would actually come from that。 What pain would you experience。

 So I wanted to do Link pleasure to doing it。 And again， pain to not doing it。

 A lot of pain to not doing it， and that will then make you do it as long as you get more pleasure than pain。

 you will always go for it。 You just got to show your mind。

 the angles that most people in our society are not looking at， but they are still there。

 And only because everyone else is not doing it， dude， everyone else is not happy is not fulfilled。😊。

So why would you look to them。For your answers， right？ So what could you potentially is out on。

 you know， like having that girl in your life， getting to know her， getting like。

You miss out on the interaction that you could have。

 because like every not no moment in this entire life that you're living right now is ever going to be the same。

Every single moment is told is's a totally new thing。 Like the way。

 like all the people around the entire world of what they're doing in that moment。

 that consolation that will never， ever happen again， You will never。

 ever have the exact opportunity as you just had right then and there when you saw that girl that will never ever happen again。

 So imagine， hey， what if this was it， And I'm not doing it。 Plus， what am I reaffirming here。

 I'm reaffirming that I'm someone who's passive， who doesn't go for what he was。

 Is that really who you are， Is that your identity will have a look at that a bit later。 But like。

 is that really who you are。Someone who doesn't take action。

 doesn't want to go for what he really wants。 I don't believe so。

 If you're watching this video right now， you went out of your way。 you got this program。

 and now you're watching this。 Okay you do。 This is not one of the first videos because some people actually they stop because they literally just get like。

Pulled into into something else。 again， even if they purchased this。

 they getting it pulled into something else。 They're again thinking about， well， I got to do this。

 I got to do that。 I I'm on Instagram on Facebook。I have to make sure that， you know。

 I talk to him and I don't really have time to work on myself。 It's like， oh。

 I don't have 8 hours or whatever to work on myself to change my entire life。 No， no， no， I don't。

 I got to watch Netflix right now， right， so。You're one of them。

 you're one of those guys is actually going way， way beyond what anyone else would do。

 So I don't think that's your identity right， so it's very painful to not be cogruent with who you actually truly are deep。

 deep inside。And if you don't do it now， you know， will ever do it。

Because at some point you will have to。Push yourself with that threshold。

 It's not that you could ever skip。 like if you don't do it now。

 if you don't create that emotional muscle now that you might feel a little bit of resistance of going for it。

You will have to， it's going to be harder because you first of all。

 reinforce that you're not an action taker and。In the future， you will still have to go through this。

 So why not do it right now so that， for example， you can live most of your life with being that cool guy already instead of pushing it afar。

 But your life is gonna to get shorter。 So you just make this period shorter here。 again。

 painful to experience something like that。 So you obviously don't want to be doing that。Now。

 the cool thing that you might not even have thought about is that if you are experiencing like that anxiety。

 that fear before you let's see see the girl， I why to even talking to and you want to like push it forward。

 you want to keep the interaction going， you want to go to the next kind of like level。

 if you feel that anxiety takes courage to take that step to make it happen to say hello。

 which the girl loves girls love guys that have courage。

 they actually don't care that much if you are experiencing that fear。

 but they actually admire it so deeply if you have that fear and you still going for what you want no matter what。

 not even regarding that who I'm having this fear because that gives her a certainty that even if things might not go the way that they need to go and that you might be experiencing fear。

 you will still go through it。and pushush through it to make it happen anyway and that gives her a lot of trust that gives her a lot of certainty。

 which almost pretty much no guy in the entire world could give her right so use that to your advantage that way you can literally use anxiety to your advantage because the girl wants a guy who's like you know what？

I don't know if I'm always going to have the answers。

 but I'm going to make sure and I'm going to find out what's the best thing that we can do right now。

 I'm going to go for my mission， I'm going to take you with me and I'm going to make sure that you're safe。

Okay， she doesn't want to have that perfect guy that always has the an that kind of like always might have like the perfect plan。

AndBut if then something might not go according to plan， He doesn't know what， what he should do。

 She wants the guy who can take action and do it and make it happen。

 even if things aren't going the way that he was planning。Because that's what life's about。

 like in life。 not everything's gonna go according to plant。

 But nothing's going go according to plan。 And it's about the guy who can kind of like steer through those kind of waters that is gonna get the most trust。

 I actually remember。The very first time I really made that shift when I was thinking like。

 oh my God， you know， I'm so afraid of doing it， or I still have that resistance。 And it really。

 it wasn't like the resistance was just smaller or that I could just get myself to do it。

 But I literally totally transformed it from one thing to the other when I still remember it was in Munich。

 and I was walking up。 I just went to the bathroom， and I was walking up the stairs。

 and then I started thinking like， hey。How exciting is it actually to be in this nightclub right now。

 How exciting is it to be in this environment where it's all these different people。

 And if I let's say go to the right， or I might go to the left。 You know， I might meet someone。

 They would totally like change the entire direction of my life。 if I go this way。😊。

Or not even change， but like maybe spice it up in a way。 in a different way。 And if I went left。

 how exciting is it to be in this environment where you can like socialize with people it's safe and I can just go up and start talking to a girl。

 And it's kind of like my mask and the energy is like meeting her feminine energy。

 And then there's like this dance happening。 And you're like you know like testing're seeing where it's going。

 you're teasing each other。 and its it's an interaction that will never。

 ever happen again the same way。 obviously there's patterns， there's certain things that， you know。

 you can see and look at and， yeah， well this always kind of like happens。 And when this happens。

 you probably want to do this。 But it's more of an art。

 And you will never have the same piece of art created twice。 And as soon as it's being created。

 It's gone。 It's kind of like music as soon as you've played the thing。 The music is gone。

 Wheres the painting， you know stays there， music is gone。 dance is gone， same with this。

 you' meeting that and that。😊，Interaction is like evolving and it's so exciting。And I'm like， wow。

 and I was extremely excited。Created something that I've personally never heard before。

 which is something that I call approach excitement where you're literally being pulled to talk to the girl where you're literally like。

 wow， like， I want to talk to her。 It's， it's not even like trying to。😊，You know。

 like fake it or trying to make yourself believe something that isn't true。

 but it's truly just using the tools that I'm giving you right now in a way where you find where you focus on that thing that is really。

Like。I'm like shaking because。Even right now， I'm like， you know， are we shooting this。

 but I also have a part of me that just wants to go out and socialize and meet people because I know how exciting it could be。

Imagine you would have that problem， right， Imagine you would have the problem of I want to just talk to everyone。

 and I just want to talk to every girl。 and I want to make it happen instead of like， oh my God。

 I'm so scared。 I don't know if it's going to work type of thing that everyone else is struggling with and that they might reduce to a little bit。

 but never really change And then what I have to do is like literally I had to like put a standard on myself。

 and the new rule， which is like I can I can go， but I need to make sure that it's like a type of girl that really could be like on that level where it's like something that I really would want to pursue and I have a very。

 very， very clear idea will go will get to this later on of what kind of girl that I would want to have in in my life and what kind of girls I want to have in my life。

 And if girl is immediately straight away， which I can kind of like tell pretty quickly then I'm like doesn't matter because I don't have that much time because otherwise there's so many women I just be meeting women。

All the time would never be able to work when would not look after my body， etc ce。

 but we won't have to go there because， you know， eventually you get to this kind of like problem。

 but no need to think about it right now。 first， we want to create that approach excitement E you where you just want to go make it happen。

 meet that girl And then you also imagine that vibe that you bring with you。

 you' not gonna be like what's happening and totally like you know。

 stiff and kind of like restrained， you're gonna be much more flowing because you're there and it's just like experiencing the girl。

 which is something that she wants you to do if you do it from a good place she really wants you to have that connection with you without an agenda of like oh I need to get her b because I don't feel like I'm enough。

But he's just there just worshiping her。But not in an apologetic or pleasing way。

 And that is something that pretty much no guy could do， which is。

Something that a girl is absolutely going to be blown away。 And that way， it's going to be a lot。

 lot easier for her as well to like have you。Me。You have her meet you。

So what can you do when you just actually go out and you're in the situation and you're like， oh wow。

 I see the girl， but I don't know what to do right now and I I'm in my head I just listen to this but what kind of practical things could I do Well。

 first thing is like try to just go and start talkingner like literally just walk over。

 just use your legs like one step after the other and start talking over there if he can do that。

Go to a place where women where the girls are stationed， where they're sitting down at say in a park。

You go somewhere and see a girl and then go through the following process。 Okay。

 first thing is you want to get moving because motion creates emotion。 Okay。

 you want to get moving a little bit， get out of your head。

 Third thing or like second thing is you want to get third perspective。

 So imagine you're looking at yourself from like an eagle's perspective or maybe a bit lower。

 just like from up there and you see yourself the guy and you see a girl just say sitting in the park。

 reading a book。Kind of like dissociates you from the whole picture。

 which then makes you not feel all that anxiety and fear。Any more。

 because you're not kind like associated with that person。

 And you just look at the whole interaction， the whole situation， the way it is。 Okay。

 and it's a girl ands a guy。 And theres doesn't really seem like it's so。

It doesn't really seem like it's so frightening。Then。

The next thing you can do is being okay with the worst case scenario。Which means ask yourself， well。

 what's the worst thing that could happen and really the worst thing after like doing this for years and years and traveling all around the world。

50 cities，50 Westernized cities to go going to them multiple times teaching seminars and teaching hundreds of guys personally like like pretty much like one on1。

201，301 or and thousands of guys at seminars。 Okay。

 so I have somewhat of an experience is that the worst thing that can happen as a girl just doesn't want to talk to you。

That's pretty much interesting he walks away。 And especially if the reactions is are going just take a step back。

 you know I didn't want to interrupt you if you say that magic phrase， nothing bad's gonna to happen。

 Okay， and then just leave。 That's literally the worst case scenario。 So if you' are okay with that。

You will actually get rid of fear and this is something that I realized after like meditating for 30 days in India this was a huge thing I actually had a personal story where I had an injury。

 a bad injury and then I literally actually had a cured at that thing which was kind of it's an interesting story which we might get into a bit later on。

But then I realized that the way to get rid of fear。Is to be okay with the worst case scenario。

 because that means even if that happened。I'm still cool。 So there's no need to have any fear。

 You're more relaxed and a lot more likely to actually get the outcome than you w to have。 Okay。

 I thing is you're always taking action。 If you're going for it or you don't go for it。

 you're always taking an action。 So which kind of guy do you want to be。

 And the last thing is's like， what if it's like really， really hard， though， Bel， know。

 what if it's like really， really hard， right， What can I do then， Like， if I'm like。😊，You know。

 Im I know I want to try and I want， I know that I want to make it happen and everything。

 But if it's like really， really hard， we'll get excited。

Because that's exactly where everyone else is going to stop。 Okay， So once it starts to hurt。

Once it's not comfortable anymore。That's what everyone else is going to back off and is going to stop because。

That's what we do when we have the pain。We don't want to keep going。

So why should you get excited is because when you keep going， you're that one guy。

That even though everyone else comes to this point and they don't want to push you that one guy that pushes forward。

 you will be that one person that is actually going to the next level that's actually。

Stretching his comfort zone and is gonna get benefits that anyone else or the other people will not get。

Okay， so instead of being afraid， you actually get excited。

 it's kind of interesting because that's when you will start to get addicted to push yourself to the limits in the right directions。

 Okay， you don't want to just do things that are uncomfortable just because of the sake of doing things that are uncomfortable。

 But even like。When you're doing 10 reps， for example， you have weights and you want to do 10 reps。

Which rap is going to give you the Mos game， like 90% of the game。Rrap 1。Over up 10。

It's repetition 13， which is gonna give you the most。 Okay。

 pushing one third of then what do you even think you can。 And then another one。

 And then another one。 And that's gonna actually break down the mass of the strongest。

 And then it will recover and grow back a lot lot lot stronger than anyone else would。 Allright。

 And also， when you look at that fear thing。 It's like， you know， social conditioning really。

Really a thing that is great in a lot of ways because a lot of things。 you know。

 you don't want to like jump off a cliff。 it's good that you have that second experience you know。

 it's probably not healthy。 But firsthand experience in this area is's extremely important because they don't know what's happening。

 It's like the blind leading the blind。 So why would you follow the hurt that has no idea that's not living a life like you want to live again。

 very， very simple concept is whenever you take advice of anyone ask yourself。

 It this guy about to live or is he living a life that I want to be living， The answer is no， Well。

 then it doesn't actually make a lot of sense to take advice in that one aspect of life。

 so sometimes you can take advice of someone regarding to hell for to well if he is extremely successful in business。

 But at the same time， I have clients that are like millionaires that like pay like thousands and 10 thousands of dollars to fly from wherever they are to meet me in the cities that I am and to work。

😊，With us。 And they are so successful in that regard， which where I can learn actually from them。

 but they might be extremely， extremely unfulfilled when it comes down to relationships。 Okay。

 so maybe you shouldn't listen to him when it comes to relationships， but definitely for business。😊。

