# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：05、成为满分男人：6.结论【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

So let's conclude all of this right here。 Right， Its spin a lot， a lot of content， a lot of theory。

 a lot of practical steps that you can start doing right now。 I've really stilled。

 I've really bought， like， brought it down to the absolute core。

Of the matter that is you in the last couple of videos。

 showed you all the tools to get what you think you want， to get the things that you desire。

 and then maybe also give you one or two things that you really， really need。

To have that ultimate fulfillment in your life， which is probably what you're actually seeking。

 right， that we all seek it through different ways。 Some seek it for money， Some seek it from women。

 Some seek it through another form of significance。 But in the end。

 we all want to experience the same thing， which is being truly connected to our core。

And truly live a life that is true to ourselves。Byai。Walking。Our talk。

And being loaf about the people around us and having people that are on the same wavelength that us coming with us。

 right。So it's been a lot， a lot of things。 So always remember， you can always pick me up。

 You can always。Look at this again， You can always rewatch certain sections that you found interesting or that you want to come back to。

And now， I want to end this。a little meditation， Okay。

 so what I wanted to do is just sit back in a comfortable chair in a comfortable position and just listen to my voice。

So you want to find a place that is nice， comfortable， you sit down。Close your eyes。🎼Now。

 imagine the guy that you're going to be in 20 years from now。

 if you follow through on all the things that we decided on here， Okay。

 remember when we did that beliefs exercise how you thought。

About yourself and you were imagining yourself。🎼W are you going to be？🎼20 years from now。

🎼What kind of person is going to look？😔，🎼Into the mirror。🎼Who are you going to see in the mirror？

What kind of people will you have around you？What kind of girlfriend will you have？

What kinds of girls， friends have you had 20 years from now？

What experiences have you had because you actually？We're one of the few。W this entire program。

And then even one of the fewer。🎼To action。And what have you learned here？To take your life。

Next level。🎼Be someone。That can truly inspire people not by just talking。But by actually living。

What he knows。Is the right way of living by inspiring through action。

Because that's the best way to inspire people。Don't even talk about it， just go out and do it。

And then see yourself， are you working in the box office？

Are you experiencing life to the fullest have you traveled to all the places that you wanted to go to with the types of people？

That are true to your nature， not the ones that you might have just you know。

 been around because of proximity， but the types of people。That are close to your soul。

🎼That have the same。Purpose， the same goals， the same drive。Similar nature。

 but it's still different to you。🎼Which makes this whole thing。Spice up even more。

So that your life is not just some dull little。🎼9ine to5 existence。But something that could actually。

🎼Tly。Fascnate。Your children， your grandchildren， and anyone who's going to hear your story。

Thank you so much for being part of this。Thank you so much。For letting me serve you。

It's been a pleasure。And again， remember， I'm always here and always listen to me again。

And I hope that one day we haven't yet， we're going to meet。

You're going to shake hands and you can tell me your story， you can tell me what happened to you。

 because I'm very excited to hear about it。🎼拜e婆。🎼T。Wow。🎼O。Well the girl。🎼别你事儿。🎼嗯，那我呀。Of course。

And that was he。🎼Yeah。🎼Why what can能。And no interest is needed。 all of these are interests。

🎼It's just the first video。🎼Fuck。