# 07、、瓦伦蒂诺《隐型游戏》：02、女性心理学：3.极性【加微信：kc58567获取课程更新】

So what we're going to talk about right now is going to be one of the most important things you're ever going to learn in your entire life。

In regards to relationships， but even in regards to who you truly are and what you should be doing with the time that you have。

 especially when you're a guy， but also when you' girl。

 there's something that if you don't know how this works。 if you don't actually have it and feel it。

 it can pretty much mess up 95% of all your relationships。

 So even like 95% of all relationship problems， they seem so complex。

 and everyone seems to have some other problems， some different problems， but you can usually just。

Bring it all down to this one thing that we're going to be talking about right now。

 So it's quite a buildup。 What is this one thing。 It's polarity。 Okay。

's something that we call polarity。 What does polarity mean， Polity means that you're the opposite。

For example， itll ask you， she's like。Whoa， what's happening， She， by the way。

 hasn't heard any about anything of this ever before。

 So she's kind of like you hearing this for the very first time and she's just like coming along the ride。

😊，And。For example， if I ask you， like， where are you from？Lismal。No。

 I don't think anyone knows where that is。 Let's just say Byron near Byron， near Byron Bay。Okay。

 so you from Byron Bay， do you like Byron Bay， yes。I hate Byron Bay。One of the worst。 Okay。

 the area is nice， though， Did you see what she just did。 Okay。

 I'm gonna to point out a couple of things。 She knows that I like her We're good friends。

 So she's cool with it。 But she said， I'm from Byron， and I like Byron。 I said。

 I hate Byron and her reactions like， oh my God。 And she's like getting excited and like starts laughing right。

 because I create polarity。 What if she'd be like， oh yeah， I'm from Byron。 I'm like， really。

 that's awesome。 I want to be from like at her face。😊，はは。But again， I'm doing everything like that。

The pures of the best intention， right， Well can you see how it's more interesting when I don't like。

 just agree， for example， with everything that you say and I have my own opinion。

 And if I like Byron， I'd be like， yeah， I like Byron， if I hate Byron， I'm like fuck Byron。

So you' true to yourself， you're very certain in what you're saying。

 and that doesn't only happen when you talk about the content and just like verbally。

But it happens much more with the way that you move， the way that you make decisions。

 the way that you look。So。Why is polarlarity this important。

 Pollarity is pretty much like another word for attraction， attraction， true attraction。

 The girl just like。Feels pulled in or the guy feels pulled in。

Is when you have that polarity happen between the masculine energy and the feminine energy。 Now。

 most guys in their core are masculine。 Most girls in their core are feminine。

Theres a couple exceptions， especially， for example， if a guy is gay or a girl is a lesbian。😊。

To have traction in a relationship like that， you also have to have one part that is masculine。

 and the other one has to be feminine， Even though it might be the same sex。

 you need to have that polar polarity。 So they feel that pull towards each other。

 It's kind of like you're having two different magnets， right， if they're both positive。

 they don't want to be together。 they're both negative。 they don't want to be together。

 there's no kind of like pull。 But if one's super positive。 and one's very negative boom。

 They get together。 And they kind of like very hard to just pull apart。

So attraction is kind of like an abstract type of thing， if I ask you like what's attraction。

 like how do you attract to a guy？It doesn't feel like a little bit like a little bit。

Hard to explain that in like a couple of words。How would you explain it？

How do we attract guys and what is attraction Yeah what is attraction？

The connection you feel for someone， like what pulls you to someone。What makes you want them？

What makes you want them， but not just as friends， right。

 yeah because you can be pulled to someone like friends， and you like to hang out with them。

 but not more because that's kind of like the difference between like friendship and like attraction。

 And also like right now， slightly more intense than I am usually just to drive the point home。

 What does it mean to be like more in your masculine。 we'll get into this in the end。

 It's not that a guy just needs to be this masculine all the time and just like， you know。

 be in that kind of like energy。 You can also tap into the other one。

 You can also be more feminine so that， you know， the other person can relax because otherwise。

 it can be slightly too intense。 And there's no empathy。 Okay， but right now。

 we want to focus on that polarity part。 so。😊，Plarity equals attraction。Doesn't equal trust。

But it's one of the parts that you need to have to get arouse of going。

 As we just said before in the beginning， we talked about curiosity。

 which is one of the things that builds arousal on the girl。 Now。

 there's also polarity that also builds even more arousal。 I's polarity。 But I'm like。

 I don't know's， if this is gonna go anywhere。 She's like， oh， wow， this is like extremely engaging。

 You can feel it。😊，And then there's another part。Like a third part we'll go into a little bit later。

If it would be so simple。 and that's just just for like simplicity sake。

 what we want to do right now is like I'm just gonna to say that men are in their masculine and girls have the feminine core。

 even though that's not 100% true because of like again， even like some guys are really feminine。

 And the girls very masculine。 And there's， again， in their core， very rare。 And there's， again。

 attraction gonna happen。 But for now， we want to keep it simple。 So there's gonna to be guys。

 masculine girls feminine。So。We all have our natural energy。 We all have our core。

And what starts to happen is that we act。Because of certain reasons。

 more like the other person and the feminine the girl might start acting more like masculine because she needs to。

 for example， feel safe if there's no guy making her feel safe。

 she needs to make sure that she feels safe like we talked about this before。Well， I asked you， like。

 for example， in the last month， was there ever a moment that you felt maybe slightly unsafe when you were like walking around or something。

Like outside。嗯。Yeah， even if you like out of clubbing and you walk outside and there's like guys there or a single guy。

 And they're just so front up with you， like。Hey， how you like come straight up to you're just like。

 oh。Not so close， but the guys just， I don't think I understand that there's space and obviously a whole lot of different things that girls need to feel comfortable。

 but yeah it happens more than less， but doesn't even happen when you're just like walking by yourself on street there' no one。

Like no one's getting into your face。 Do you ever feel maybe slightly unsafe。嗯。A little bit。

 but not as much as it would feel if someone's riding your face like there's people even in their car thats sort of like at yell out to you just looking at you。

 you sort ofca if that would happen to me。I feel like fuck， yeah， like I feel like， of course。

 in a joking manner now， because we as guys， we usually don't have that feeling if you're an newmasculine and you're walking around。

 even if it's at night by yourself， you don't feel unsafe。😊。

RightYou might have had some trauma but usually don't really feel unsafe。

 you would always always feel safe so if a girl doesn't feel safe because there's no one that takes care of her。

 she has to put up that mask which we get into in a second before I mean after we talk about a couple of examples because it's also a little bit hard to understand like what does it mean like what do you mean with masculine energy like can you give me something more tangible so。

Let's have a quick look at what mask and energy tries to do。Masculine energy tries to empty。

It wants to experience freedom。It makes big things。Small。did you ever have that like guy。 It's like。

 there was some huge thing。 And he's like， it's just like， you know， it's not that important。

 By the way， for girls， one of their things is actually， they make small things big。

W whichhich is like more like the feminine。 a guy， master energy wants to be appreciated。

It is stimulated by challenge。😡，Okay。For example， if you tell a guy like， you know。

 what fuck that and he's reading in his masculine is he's like。

 his friendss like or his girlfriend's like， I don't like that shirt。 It doesn't suit you。 He's like。

 really， I'm gonna to write for the rest of my life now， bitch。Right， because he likes to challenge。

 But if even a girl that you don't like。And she looks at you and she says， I don't know about。

 you know， the top that you wearing。I don't know if it suits you。

And then you might keep it and you go back home。 But then the next time you' got to put it on again。

 you're gonna be like thinking like， I don't know if I should really wear it， right。

 Where's the guy It's like， fuck， yeah， I'm gonna wear this thing because he's stimulated by challenge。

Master energy leaves。 It goes away。 Master energy lets go。 It forgets It has control over。

 it like himself。 Master energy has control over his reality。 And also。

 if the girl feels comfortable， she wants him to control to have a controlled。

 kind of like environment， kind of like as if you would make like a park。

 and he would make a very safe fence around it。 So the girl can like have fun and run around and be herself。

And I create that safe environment for you。Then。It imposes itself。

 mask on energy imposes itself on the environment and it has certainty， it takes action。

 it takes responsibility。Feminine energy。And let's see if you agree。It tries to fill up。 Okay。

 And the the things I'm going to be talking about right now， by the way。

 is something almost like the masculine stuff is like。Ask yourself。

 does it feel like it's true like instinctively， Don't be like， like， try to like， analyze it。

 just like feel， try to go from here for once instead of always from here。

 because certain things you just can't。Understand perfectly with your mind straight away。

And you just want to see if you can understand with your heart， so。Thone energy tries to fill up。

 It wants to experience love。 It makes small things big。I know you never do that。

It wants to be understood。It's stimulated by praise。You wouldn't say so。Not like not like， oh my God。

 you're so pretty， bud。Like appreciation， I suppose。

 like if you cooking a meal for someone or if you cleaned up or。

Little things like that they're like say thank you like that's all that it would take and you're like。

 oh yeah like yeah， so I suppose yes appreciation appreciation yeah， but which is praise。😊。

Would you want your perfect guy to buy your roses and like buy chocolate and like， you know？

Give you a gift。Like what do you mean all the time or just feel like if it was my birthday or？

Just like once in a while。Iupp suppose it could be nice， but it it's not something that's needed。

 but like I wouldn't have it on a checklist of they need to buy me flowers， but yeah if。Yeah。

 it would be nice。I don't know。There you go， there you go。

 Also see how we're kind of like changing in between because I'm not always totally like in a masculine core and she might also be changing back and forth。

 By the way， one quick thing that you can see if a girl is feminine or masculine as soon as a girl is tension in her body。

She is more masculine because she feels like she needs to be certain， right。

 And then it's your job to make her feel safe， okay。To make sure that she feels like， okay。

 I can just let go。啊。It doesn't matter the more I am myself， the more I can experience pleasure。

 the more I can。Kind of like， help anyone that I'm， for example， talking to。

 if you can make her feel safe， then she can relax， right， if someone doesn't feel safe。

Then they have to tense up and they have to make sure like， is everything okay。

 am is something happening， am I going to be attacked， this whatever， right？Then， feminine energy。

Gathers， like they like to come together。 They like to talk about problems。They。

 they like to connect。A big issue for girls， by the way， is that they connect with their problems。

They say like， oh， you know， my boyfriend did this and this and this。

 And then all her friends are just going have firm。 Yeah， he's a dick。 He's an asshole or。You know。

 this and this is not going well。 And then affirm that because they get pleasure。

And certainty from gathering。Always together， most masculine men， when they have。

 when they have a problem with say in their relationship， they don't talk to anyone。

And that can like eat them from inside。You get as many opinions on the situation as you can to sort of make your mind on how you feel about it Yeah exactly guys don't do that。

😊，No。A masculine man in his masculine doesn't do it Mel a little bit talk to friends like what should I do or if he taps more into like his feminine energy？

Then he can do it because maskline is like one thing， freedom。 I'm just gonna do what I want to do。

 and it leaves。 It wants to be by itself。We we get into that。In a second here。

 then feminine energy tends to hang on to things。Instead of like just letting go。

I love how she's thinking and she said， is that true？For example。No， maybe more like people。You know。

 like your first boyfriend or something like that。I wouldn't was like not that guy I wouldn't say for me because I rationalize and I try to think as logically as I can so that I think will either teach this to me he did this to me or like I deserve better or you know something like that to say no I'm not going to hold on someone because it's unrealistic like you。

😊，Why would you do that， Do you just hurting yourself for。Holding on to things。

 but I suppose you do or like uncontrollably I might hold onto to things but I try my best to like think about it and not do that it's unhealthy。

😔，And it remembers and it takes in the environment。Remembers， that's yes。

 kind like every conversation that we've had， every word， I'll remember everything。😊，嗯。

And that's also come like with the hanging on， like hanging on to like the words， like remembering。

 hanging on to the memories， like remembering those things， right。And it again。

 takes in the environment so instead of like being imposing its like we're gonna to do what I want to do here or it's more like hey。

 what's happening let's just feel this， you know， let's go to our nightclubs and say oh cool there's music and my friends and the party's going and you're more connected。

Through everything that's happening rather than there。Then， the next thing。

That we want to go into is， as I said。嗯。The layers that happen when we're born，We all。

Have a natural core， someone that we are deep inside。 Most men are masculine。

 Most girls are feminine。So we get born with that core。

 But why do then sometimes when we go out and you see， for example， a woman。

 she might not really come across like the most feminine。

 Why does she have that masculine layer on top of her right， Why is she doing that， right。

The reason is that for guys and men， I'm going to spend this with guys and men， I mean。

 guys and girls。I'm going to expand with a guy because I was a guy and I can relate to this very well and I know you guys would probably be able to relate to this very well as well。

When a guy gets born。And he's in his masculine core。 He wants to experience freedom。

 He wants to just do whatever he wants to do。 He wants to go out， like， you know， grab a。

a freaking branch of a tree。 smash something， right， be a boy， like a boys being boys。 scream， play。

 destroy， right， girls， for example， they rather like gather。

 They want to play with like their barbies。 They want to like make connections。

 They want to take in what's happening。 Guy will pretty much the opposite。

 So imagine you're doing that。 And that's fine， till like4 or five years old。 Then you might turn。

 I don't know，7 or 8。 And your mom's gonna take you out to to the restaurant。

 and you're sitting there。 and you' just like taking your， your fork。 and you're just like， you know。

 throwing out the food experience your freedom。 And usually it's your mom。 It also can be your dad。

 but usually most of the time for most guys， it's your mom。 She's gonna be like， stop that。 Like。

 don't freakin throw on your food。And you're like， oh， okay。

 and you experience pain when you're being free。There's nothing wrong with being free。

 but your mind makes the connection。 shit。 I'm in this state。 I'm doing this kind of things。

 It's bad because my mom's giving me pain。And I get pleasure because I stop。 And my mom's like。

 oh hey， good boy。 thanks， you're doing well now。 So I'm like， oh， okay， I'm complying。

 I'm doing what someone tells me to do。 I'm not in control。

 And I'm letting the environment put itself on me， which is more of a feminine thing。 By the way。

 masterment feminine energy。 It's not that like one's better or the other one's better or one's more valuable。

 We as people。😊，We have the same value。 At least that's what I believe。 every human being。

 every human soul， if it's Richarder Branson， or if it's some person in India that doesn't even have a dollar a day to live on value wise。

 we're all the same。But。For example， even guys and women were not。

Emotionally wired the exact same way。 We don't experience pleasure the exact same way。

 That's just something that society is trying to put up on you to kind of like put you under this filter and make sure that you do what they want you to do。

 And it's not our natural energy anymore。 and very little， almost no one in this world。

 actually has that connection。 What they sometimes have to do。 They have to like drink alcohol。

 And then they get rid of these filters， which we go through in a sec。 And。

Then they actually can connect with their inner coremo。 And a girl can be more feminine。

 The guy becomes more masculine， okay， so。You start complying。 Now。

 what you do is you have that masculine core， and then you put a feminine layer。

Over that masculine core。 So now you're acting kind of like a girl in that sense。

 in certain situations， right？And then let's say， as we said， maybe next year。

 you might be eight or seven years old or whatever。

 You go to school and you're just doing what everyone tells you to do and you're like， you know。

 complying and you're being nice as a guy。And then some kids start bullying you。 They're like。

 look at that guy。What a worse doesn't can't even step it up。And again。

 you experience pain by doing this。And you feel you could experience pleasure by being more masculine。

 Now， instead of going back to your core， what like back to that masculine core。

 what you're gonna to do is you're gonna put another layer。😊。

You're gonna put another masculine layer on top of the feminine layer on top of the masculine core。

And there you start having a dissociation with who you truly are and how you act。 And then again。

 you might go into school。 You might go into high school。 You might start working。 People。

 you have to work with people have to you have to let it in。

 There's nothing bad to have feminine energy in you as well。

 But then you start having another femin layer， above the masculine above the femin layer about the masksculine core。

 And then again， you like I gotta keep going。 I got to grow。 I got to make this happen。

 and then you put another maskculine femin， which totally messes you up。

 And then what starts happening is that people shift between two things extremely fast in an uncontrollable way。

 have you have you ever had that happen。 how a guy can maybe goes from one thing to the other。

 It's not that often doesn't happen that often because most of us we are so stale。

 And then usually where we end up in our society is that girls are being taught。

 You got to be your own woman。 Okay， a strong woman doesn't need a man。It's true， It's true because。

The strong woman being in her masculine。 I don't want to sleep with a guy。 So， yeah。

 she doesn't need a man because she also won't attract a true man into her life when she's being that strong woman being like certain and masculine outside。

And the thing is that。Fminine energy， because people always say that， you know。

 masculine is so much stronger。 if you're being masculine， that's how you get shit done。

 That's how you can make sure that you're in control and stuff happens。The thing is。

 if a girl is truly in her feminine， you know what she can have when she's like moving and she's like。

Experiencing deep inside。That breaks any masculine energy。

Like imagine when you have like 20 super buff guys， whatever that means for you。

 they don't even have to be like huge or whatever。But very in their masculine energy。

And then I get a little girl， just like。It jumps around， super feminine。 Every guy's like。

 I got to take care of this。Like even this， right， that is very like attractive in a way。

 And it makes you feel like I want to take care of this。When you're in a true masculine core。

So what happens in society， I hope you can follow。 I know you can follow。

 Just make sure they take notes， okay。What happens is that a lot of guys。

 we end up having a feminine core， where we're like。Pleasing， we' being a pleaser。And we're like。

 hey， so what do you need to be happy， Do you want a house， Can I buy some。Can I buy you a car。Like。

 what do you need。And then her will get into the testing at the end of this part。

 She's gonna to test。 and she's gonna say this and that。 Now， if she would be in her masculine。

 which a lot of girls are， because we guys， we go usually in our feminine at the end in our society because everyone's like。

 you can't do that。 You got to make sure that she's happy。 You're like what how do I do this。

 you know， start asking questions。 And we're not trained and we don't know actually how to do this。

 There's no education of this almost anywhere else。 Like what we're doing right now。 It's very。

 very rare that people actually learn this。 what happens with the girl， is that for example。

 she might get into relationship， right。Like she has also these things。 like she might be very girly。

 And then， then， and then some girls might just like act like negatively to her and she， oh， shit。

 I got to make sure that I'm safe。 And then she has a maskcu in layer。 And then again。

 all the girls are like you look like a dude。 And， shit， I'm gonna put on some makeup。

 And then you put a feminine layer on there。 And， and then you go out。

 And then the guys are again super upfront You like， no， no， who whoa whoa。

 because youre there by yourself。 So you have to know。

 And that's more of like a masksculine thing because you have tension。 You bought。

 So you build all these layers as well。😊，Now， with women。

What happens to them is that they actually have to trust a guy， right， to be able to do this。

 And that at certain points， they might get hurt。 Like， have you ever。

Let yourself go and you're like， oh， I'm just going to trust this guy and it's going to go well。

 and then you got hurt。And then look at her face。 Oh there she is again。

 But her initial reaction was like。Like more。Kind of like tent， right。

 because it's not a nice thing that happens。And then how do you react？In the future。

 do you want to let go as much again as you did before。Like you don't want to at the start。

 but like I said before how I think of things like I just will with the next person that I'm with。

 I will that's always open because。You're not gonna get anywhere by just building that wall。

 whether you're a guy or a girl because both get hurt。 Theres， you're not gonna get anywhere。

 And there's always gonna be someone that will make you feel better or that won't treat you the same way。

 because not everyone。Carusles。Great， like， see， you were actually further than pretty much 99% of girls because they start making generalizations。

 right， especially， let's say it it happens three times in a row， right。😊，Because I mean。

 more than that to me。Okay， we'll talk about that later。Yeah。But。

What what if it happens a couple of times and you do it and you get pain， you do something。

 you get pain。 It's always like， we're wired that if I do a certain behavior and I get pain。

 I'm less likely to do the same thing again because I don't want like pain。 And what I want to die。

 And I want to feel happy and pleasurable， So what a lot of girls then do is they start having that maskline layer of I'm not gonna to let you in because they don't trust you。

And。😊，If you， let's say talk about decisions before， right。

 you said you want the guy just take a decision。But how do you want him to do it。

 I'm just going to demonstrate something。Do you want him to be like， ohy， we're going to do this now。

Or do you want to be like， hey， let's do this。Yeah， the less aggressive one。😊。

Is there another word you would use for the first one， What if I would be like？Asserive。

 maybe a little bit less assertive， like。Not manly， but I could even be loud。 I can be like。

 let's do this now， let's better than， let's do this now， right， But it seems like you're bossing。

 Like even your facial expressions are like， we're doing this。 It's like， no。

I want to do that because that's the way you're going to act。Thanks for actually like， you know。

 being able to， to see that difference because she she just feels it。

 even though I can say twice the same thing， What's the difference though。

 What's the difference for you guys back home is。The first one when I'm aggressive is forceful。

 and it seems like I'm overcompensating。And it seems like I'm not secure in what I'm doing。

 So because I'm not secure in what I do， I have to do more to make sure it happens。

Whereas the second one， let's do this。 Now， you are much more secure in your decision。

 You already assume that this is what's going to happen， right， I'm assuming you know。

 that's what we're doing now。And it comes from a powerful。State。

Instead of being forceful and it feels for her like you are already significant for yourself and you don't need to do something to kind of like。

Assert that or to make sure that that's actually the case outside there。 right。

 Another example will be， for example。嗯。You know， Sur paradise， great example。

 There's a lot of fights happening， right， probably seen one or two fights per night。

The time you go outside。 So imagine there's two guys， two guys。

 And I wanted to tell me which one would be more masculine for a guy。 He's like there。

 And he's like jumping around。 he's like。😊，I'm going to do this like this。

 and the second guy is just standing there。And he just looks at the guy。That one。Is。

10 times more masculine and he's got his shit together like he knows either how to deal with situations。

 but he's not that almost childish in a way of like going crazy and like I'm just going to fight him I'm going to do everything in the guys's kind of like。

 are you done like。😊，Yeah， so that one would be more masculine masculine。

 I love how she said childish because it's like the immature masculine。 And then there's immature。

 like the strong masculine。 So even though there's this， you know， masculine and feminine energy。

 there is strong and weak masculine energy。😊，And then there's also strong and weak feminine energy。

Okay。So whatoe be， for example， strong feminine energy。If let's actually start with the weak one。

 what would be weak feminine energy。 weak feminine energy is having that neediness and like trying to hang on and like。

 you got to be here。 Youve got to stay here and like not letting the guy be free。

 which then actually repels him because the guy his massing wants to have freedom。

 if she can just control him the only way to do that is him being feminine or they're gonna to clash。

Right， so she doesn't want a feminine guy， obviously。

 But if she's doing that in in in her weak feminine， he might actually comply。Actually， sorry。

 the weak feminine would would not really be like trying to control。

 That would be like her kind of like weak masculine because even like if I'm a guy and let's say。

 I'm with a girl and I let her and I try to control her。

That is only something that a weak man will try to do or take advantage of feminine energy。

 of your femininity， of your freedom， of just your like letting go and just like trusting me。

 If I take advantage of that， I'm weak。Right because I'm my heart。

 I can use this to my advantage because I don't feel like I'm enough within myself。Now。

 strong femin energy would be like loving。And I'm just gonna love you。 I'm going to let you fray。

 I'm going to have fun with you。 I'm gonna to be around you。 I'm going to like tease you。

 but if you want to go， you can go。right， And then the Gaza。😊，I want that。

It's kind of like a praised possession in a way。 So not only is there masculine feminine。

 but there's the strong and the weak masculine a strong and the weak feminine。

 So where you want to be at is you wantan to mean the strong masculine。

And the weirdest thing is that all guys are actually into the weak feminine。Okay。

 which is pretty bad because they're just complying And they just do whatever。

 just to make you happy。 They don't just love you， but they don't feel enough。

 And they try to please。 So guys are totally disconnected。 They're in a weak and a weak feminine。

 The next thing that would be for attraction。 Okay， let's say the girl is feminine。

 She's in a feminine state。 The least attractive thing for her is to have that weak feminine。

 then the strong feminine。 And then the weak masculine and then a strong masculine because even the guy。

 for example， has that weak masculine， The girl still will feel like a little bit of a pull more towards him than a guy was like。

 hey， gonna help you， even though the guys like like this。 And it's a little bit overcompensating。

 you probably still feel slightly more of a pull there than a guy was like。😊。

I've do anything for you。 Yeah， so to kind of like finish off this part right here before we go into girls testing you。

 how can you show that， how can you show that you're being masculine is through your actions。

 Any action that you take is either a masculine or a feminine or either a strong masculine or let's say a weak masculine action。

 for example， we're talking about decisions， Okay， the guy making the decision。

 not making a decision， It's a masculine， feminine act。

And to kind of like not just have to think about it I be like， well。

 what would be the me thing to do？Which is totally not masculine because masculineless certainty。

 I know exactly what I'm doing。 I don't have to like reaffirmmed 100 times to make sure that it's gonna to happen If you have that true masculine。

 you have that certainty of you in your body。 So it's the way you stand。 Okay， for example。

 when if your shoulders or your your chest out more， your shoulders back。You breathe into your belly。

 you have a very grounded breathing。By the way， like strong mass and energy is very grounded。

 as I just showed before， like the guy who's like jumping around， trying to be cool。

 And the guy's just like standing there and like not even moving。

That guy is a lot more masculine than the first guy， right， So it's all about your actions。

 it's all about how you talk。 It's all about how you pretty much behave。

