# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：03.价值和吸引力：5意识和舒适因素_5 Conscious & Comfort Factors【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Conscious and comfort factors which are going to play into your attractiveness。

 and this has to do a lot with the idea of blueprint。

Blueprint is the idea that girls are socially different and girls have been raised with different values。

 So for example， if a girl is Christian and you have to be Christian as well and's she's very into a religion。

 the fact that you're the same faith as her is going to。

Make her consciously like you more and it's going to make her feel more comfortable around you and the same would apply for whatever other religion。

 whether the Islam or Judaism or you know whatever Buddhism， whatever else it is。

 having that similar religion or similar background。

 similar culture will make someone more comfortable with you and will help them to when talked about attractions not a choice but acting on it is if you have more of these conscious and comfort factors with the same amount of attraction the girl will be more likely to interpret it positively and more likely to act on it so。

It sort of magnifies the existing attraction， it doesn't create more attraction。

 but it makes the attraction you have more useful and more applicable to any particular girl so having some idea of her blueprint。

 having some idea of the types of things that she values what her background is and just being relatable in that way is going to be really really helpful and useful and we're going to talk specifically about blueprints I believe in a little while so I won't go too much further than that but understand that that is a part of it as well so there's this idea I guess the best way to explain is this there's this idea in purchasing that people make the decision emotionally and then justify it rationally conscious and comfort factors。

 help them to rationalize the decision and while that isn't the emotion that's making them make the decision。

 it is very， very useful and definitely should not be overlooked。

