# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：08.前进的道路：2建立自己的高价值目标的程序_2 Procedure to Building Your Own High-Value Goals【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

First emotionally impactful we talked at the start yesterday about what is it you want to get out of this。

 What is the biggest thing you want to get out of this。

 what would you like to do more than anything to make yourself more high value。

 do you want to make more money， you get better， you want to get better girls。

 you want to feel better about yourself。 you want to just like be able to assert yourself instead of feeling shy and timid all the time what is it that you most want in terms of you know being a high value guy feeling that you have up to your value。

 What is emotionally impactful for you。 when you close your eyes and imagine it。

 you actually wants it and you actually care Whatever you're gonna do needs to be that because if you don't care。

 you're not gonna do the hard work。 So that's number one and emotionally impactful if you' never run in your life。

 running a four minute mile in six months is not reasonable It's not Also。

 something that's like become a better runner is not clearly defined that's not you won't know if you you know a little bit but you can't specifically know if if you achieve that or not or if you have asked it or whatever So clearly defined find。

But also reasonable is what you want like ideally， maybe if it was a game goal。

It would be to if maybe you' never talk to girls， it would be to get to a point where within a few months you're getting at least a date every couple weeks。

 something like that， right so clearly defined find reasonable but it's not like I want to like have Hener's life in two months when I'm a virgin now So reasonable but defined and if you're a little bit often these it's okay if you determine it to be reasonable and then you go for it and it's a little unreasonable hopefully the progress you'll have made by at least following the right steps along the way will have gotten you a lot of progress and even if you missed the goal。

 you're still gonna to see a ton of progress and that'll be enough to keep you with it So try and be as reasonable as you can if in doubt aim a little high and then just make sure you're really on top of your habit so that even if you don't achieve it you can be proud of yourself for hitting the habits for example。

 if you want to lose weight as a goal you would want to research what types of exercises are the most useful to you and you want want to exercise you sorry you want to research how many calories should I be taking in or putting。

what kind of nutrition is best in that kind of stuff make sure you've done the research。

 make sure you're done the groundwork， make sure you have a plan。

 and I do want to point something out here。 It's possible you will have the wrong plan。

 It's possible you will have an imperfect plan you may not have the best workout plan if you're first starting out trying to get in shape that's okay because remember one。

 you're going to develop the habit which is probably more important than the plan at this point anyway number two if you have a plan that's at least sort of reasonable and you're working it consistently whereas you haven't been working consistently before you're gonna get a lot of growth just from being new and making that immediate bump of progress and then you can refine and improve on what you're doing from there and you should be seeking new information and continue learning and that kind of stuff but it's okay if your plan isn't perfect Also if if you do all your habits and you don't fully achieve the goal even if you didn't achieve the goal。

 understand that the habit is the goal if you are a strong enough person and have the selfdi to get the habit even if you don't get the end goal at the end of it the fact that you've determined that you've built that habit。

Will help you with a couple tweak to eventually get that angle and it will help you to get a lot of other end goalss so be hard on yourself for your habits。

 not hard on yourself for the end goal right do the groundwork， do the research。

 try and make it reasonable try and make it as likely as possible you can hit it but if you don't you hit all the habits and all the behaviors along the way still be proud of yourself that's very。

 very important。 I cannot emphasize you how important that is that doing the daily work and doing the habit is more important than actually achieving the goal because it will get you there eventually and it will also get you way more in life than that one particular goal so make sure you researched and done the groundwork for whatever that goal is a good time horizon for this since we're gonna have accountability for about four months is about four months or something like three months。

 four months， something like that maybe three months and you can tweak it as you go is a pretty good time horizon for your goals in general。

 you can set goals for any time horizon you can set one week goals one year goals if you set really long goals though you definitely want to have some sub goals youre going to have some goals in between so it just doesn't seem so far off that it's absurd and ridiculous and pointless and that。

Each day's effort doesn't matter。 So you want it to be far enough off that it's inspiring and you can achieve a lot。

 or you think you can achieve a lot， but close enough that each day actually matters。

 That's the ideal time horizon for your goals。 In this case。

 I say try and said a three or four month goal or maybe a good way to go if you want to set a one month goal and a three month goal along the same lines。

 I already mentioned that， especially with the time horizon。

 a habit is something you do without thinking about it。 So when you get a cu， some random thing here。

 something happens in the external world。That motivates you to do something。

 And then at the end of it， you get some kind of reward。

 and the reward could be a tangible reward like like you giving yourself a dessert or a treat or something like that。

 although if you know depending on what your workout what your goal is it's like working out。

 you might not want to like have an ice cream to celebrate because you might be undoing the progress so it can be like a tangible reward or it can be an activity reward。

 you get to do a particular thing or get to relax for a particular period of time or it can be just that you feel good about yourself if something feels complete or whatever。

 But the point is there's a cu， there's a routine as a reward。 So for example。

 if and I'm mentioning getting in shape a lot， I'm not saying this should be your goal or has to be a goal or anything like that。

 but I'm just mentioning it's an easy goal and's very straightforward。Not easy。

 but straightforward anyway。 So like a good cube might be that if you have a home gym right when you get home when you walk in the door。

 the first thing you do is walk over to the gym and start working out。

 or maybe you go to the gym on your way home some big reason why people work out in the evenings because they go from work to home and they go to the gym in between and they're just there。

 they have no excuse but to work out because it's part of their routine。If， for example。

 it probably is not an aspirational goal or whatever。

 but if your goal was to big build if you wanted to build the habit of flossing your teeth。

 well maybe you floss your teeth after you brush and before you do some other hygiene thing and maybe what you do is you put the dental floss on top of like the box that you get your vitamins out of or you put it on top of where you get your pajamas out to where you know whatever so that you literally have to move it out of the way in order to do it and you have like almost no choice but to floss so if there's something going on around if you have existing habits。

Merge your new habits into your existing habits。 All right， Make it a congruent。

 easy part of your life so you don't have to think about it。 The more thinking there is involved。

 the less likely you are to follow through with it， the more automatic it is。

 the more likely you are to fall through with it。 So you have a queue。

 which is something that occurscur in the external world like I you getting home from work。

 a certain TV show finishing， youre finishing a different task， ettera， eta。

 You waking up in the morning， anything like that。You have a routine and then you get some kind of reward。

 and that's how you create habits。 And eventually the reward becomes the completion and the feeling of doing the habit。

 you shouldn't need extrinsics rewards the entire time。

 although you can use them to an extent at the start。

 use accountability and that's why we are going to suggest that you post to the Facebook group we're gonna suggest that you communicate with each other。

 you're going suggest that you ask us questions suggest that you come to the follow-up sessions where we'll continue to talk about the general concepts of high value。

 continue to do profile breakdowns， messagingen breakdowns and may show some more infield。

 all those kind of things but we're also going to talk about your accountability goals。

 if you're having struggling with them if you're doing really well with them if there's things that are coming up。

 we can talk about those kind of things as well So we're going to use this group as the accountability for that goal and as mentioned。

 we're gonna have followups over a fourmon period we're initially I'll get back to one this。

 we're initially thinking about doing one a month over four months but because we're focusing so much on habit What we're likely to do actually is frontload it a little bit。

 So we might end up doing too in the first month。AndThen like maybe one the next month and then and then one like a month and a half later or something like that。

 because in developing habits， those early stages are even more important So we're still gonna do the followup question answer sessions over a four month period。

 we might actually front load them a little bit so that those of you who are using them as accountability and asking questions about your goals and and using the group to help develop those good habits that you'll have a lot of a lot more touch points right early on for you so that's that's your homework that's your homework What is your goal and then what habit one habit only one habit this one habit if you do it will get you towards that goal or a long way towards that goal get you achieving that goal Okay so what is the habit and then how are you going internalize that habit How are you going make that habit part of your life and your goal you can do a lot of the things in your life but your goal as a follow up from this is to internalize one high value habit make it a part of your life。

If you do that， one it's going to improve your life， but two。

 you will have done this process and you will then know how to achieve other high value habits as well。

 So that's what I want to leave you with today is come with your high value habit。

