# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：09.网络游戏分解：5点火器故障-直升机_5 Tinder Breakdown — Helicopter【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So this is a really interesting profile for me。 And I think this is a good first one to look at。

 first picture to look at and first profile to look at。But again， this guy for his tinder。

 he's in front of the helicopter。W which is really good， that's high value。

 but then the way he's dressed is definitely very incongruent。

 very low value and not helping him in any way shape or form Okay， so here we go。So yeah。

Most people haven't ridden a helicopter， that's high value。

 but other things about this are certainly less than high value and definitely not very positive。嗯。😊。

If you look at his and then again， dressed， you know， badly close the pants don't fit well too short。

 wearing very standard shoes and he the shirt doesn't look I mean。

 the jacket doesn't look anything special and makes him look overweight。

 which is actually funny because you can tell from his other photos he's actually in really good shape。

 So having your first Tinder photo make you look like you're overweight when you're in shape is a huge no no Cardinal sin absolutely don't do that。

So what about his profile says you're definitely gonna love me or hate me Adventur。

 sre connoisseur or expert cudddler， again， this like cuddling as a as a euphemism for sex。

 I'm all not flat out saying sex in the profile， but you don't want to appear like you're afraid to say sex either weaknessakes include great energy and accents。

 And again， I'll like you more if this， but it's not really particularly polarizing。

 It's not particularly challenging right So it's， it's a little bit soft to a little bit fit again。

 The helicopter is the good thing about this photo is the helicopter。 The rest of it is kind of。

 and the bio's very。😊，Very boring， very standard。 A lot of guys have it。

 So what is his unique value proposition。I rode in a helicopter right these value proposition is maybe I have money by implication kind of。

 but maybe not I mean a writing helicopter doesn't make you rich as means you rode in a helicopter。

 but it implies so it implies you're maybe well off but in terms of beyond that what else is you need here basically nothing you're gonna love me or hate me is trying to be polarizing kind of but it's still pretty soft。

All right， let's look at his other photos。All right， so I want to focus here first， right。

 so that first photo here， he looks overweight。This photo here shows his actual body。

 He's in really good shape。 Why on earth is his first tender photo look overweight。

 What is going on there。 That's not good。 That's not good。 This one here， you can actually tell。

 since you know he's in shape， you can tell he's in shape here。 but again。

 baggy shirt just makes him look kind of like， you know。

 overweight doesn't make him look like anything special。

 And this photo is not doing anything for him。 He's just far away background， Not。

 this photo is kind of good。 This photo makes him look like a risk taker。 actually。

 I don't know if you guys can I should refer to which ones they are。 So I was。

 I'm going from the bottom right to the top right here。

 So the bottom right is the one where he looks good。 physically obviously。

 the one in the purple shirt is the one where the shirt's too baggy。

 The one top right where he's jumping in the in the lake is the one that looks kind of adventurous。😊。

And kind of makes them look like a risk take or whatever there's absolutely nothing negative being conveyed there on some positive things。

 it's a net ad and maybe not the best photo you could ever take。

 but it's definitely a net ad it's net good。All right， let's look at some of these other ones。

 this photo posing in the gym。Totally pointless in this profile。

 His body looks better here at you you can tell he's in shape and here。

 just like the fact that you pose in the gem and you're doing kind of like a silly。

 you know flex that honestly your muscles look smaller here than they do in the water photo it's just pointless So there's no no reason whatsoever for that that's not adding anything to your narrative in any way。

 shape or form。Um， this one here is kind of a cool photo。

 the one in the where's in the black in front of the like elegant kind of chariot thing。

It's kind of a unique photo。 It shows he's traveled。

 It kind of is like where is it that you're seeing that et cea。 and he looks well dressed。

 he looks kind of classy， which is good， But again， his body doesn't look that great。

 which is sad because he does have a really good body。

 that can happen sometimes when guys are pretty jack or pretty big that they just happen to look big rather than looking fit but see what you can do about that。

The other thing that you can't really see here though on the bottom bottom center photo the one in black。

 he has this expression， it's kind of the same one in this this purple shirt。

 this kind of this pleasing expression， this like like I hope you like me or I'm posing for this photo to look good。

 it looks very posed。 It looks very contrived， it doesn't look natural。

 it doesn't look effortless it looks try hard and and what it looks like is you care about what people think about you which is one of the unattractive things that you can do。

So definitely he should work on his posing， either staring away from the camera。

 which ironically actually works really well for girls because。

Girls are used to when they meet a really potentially high value guy。Not having his attention。

 They're used to the guy sort of ignoring them and kind of having better things to do。

 And they kind of get a crush on the guy from a distance while the guy's not looking at them。

 So weirdly enough， if you're looking away and seeming a little dismissive or a littleloof。

 it can actually convey that。 So that's one way to go for a photo。

The thing to do in a photo is to just like look at the camera and be conveying a certain emotion to the camera that you would want to be convey so like almost as though you're having a dialogue with the camera with your eyes and then take lots of photos until you get the pose right。

 take tons of photos and just select the best ones that's probably the biggest secrets of photos is just take a fucking like hundreds of them and then pick but definitely his standard pose is making him look a little bit beta making him look a little bit too much like a people pleaser people pleaser。

So then we have these social proof photos。These social proof photos are not the greatest for a couple of reasons they're okay。

 but not great。 The top center one is better than the bottom left one in my opinion。

 the bottom left one looks like you're having fun， but it honestly kind of like look so much like friendly right it looks like you're maybe with like your cousins and sisters or something like that it doesn't necessarily look like sexual or romantic in any way it doesn't necessarily like show whatever Also physically since he sideways。

 it's hard to see his face， which is gonna make him look a little distorted and then he doesn't you know look his physical best just the way this photo is that nobody with their mouth open like while falling looks physically good So that's what I call unnecessary display of incompetence。

 you're making yourself look physically worse and people will tend to assume you look like your worst physical photo。

So I get that this says you have friends and it's good。

 it's better than the previous one we looked at in the sense that there are females present and that it's in intimate setting。

 so it looks like you're actually legitimately friends with these females。

 but it is not as good as it could be for a couple reasons。

This last social proof photo is really interesting so it's out at a bar shows he's out socializing he's in the center drinking there's lots of people around him looks like he's the center of the event maybe says birth there。

 maybe he threw a party or something like that so that's really good and the girls in the photo are somewhat attractive like they're not they're not like tends by any mean or anything like that no offense to anybody but they're not like social tends anyway right they're not the girls that you' like oh my God that girls so hot and like he's gonna like stand out that kind of stuff。

The other thing and I mentioned this in the last one is this photo up top It is literally all Asians and there's nothing wrong with being Asian。

 there's nothing wrong with Asians being friends with Asians。

 but it does say I fit in rather than I stand out it's like people that are very similar to you that are a particular cultural niche you're in a group of all them and if the girl that's seeing this is Asian and likes Asians and likes Asians that likes Asians that could work for you but if the girl is outside of that cultural niche niche you might be saying I don't fit in to that right because every single photo here including the social proof ones。

 including there aren't any with him and just guy friends but every single photo is it's 100% Asian across the board profile and so it is gonna make him look very niche in that way。

 The other thing is because it is this big group photo and because some of the guys don't look the coolest they look little a couple of guys look a little dorky and。

And not all the girls are not like the absolute hottest。 You'd be better off。

 oftentimes just getting a flavor of it rather than getting the whole photo。

 So I'm gonna do something interesting here。 I'm going show you guys something。

 I'm going to do a little crop on this photo。 I actually was gonna just give you the crop photo。

 but I'm gonna show it to you here。 if I do this。😊，And this。And say this。To the photo。

If you look at that photo there， that little square I created。

 and I'll do like the bottom of it so you can see。 So I you do look at just that little square。

 that little cropped square。It might maybe I made it a little small so maybe a little bit bigger。

 but here you get the same idea。 you have him drinking。

 you have what's clearly girls in the backgrounds， you've you've kept the fact that they're dressed nicely。

 you've kept the fact that。They're in like party clothes and seem elegant and those kind of things you've kept enough of their faces you can tell their girls and you capture the fact that you capture the level of aesthetic beauty that these girls have at least by implication there and also looks like you didn't try and make it a socialproof photo and it looks like you didn't try to just include a bunch of a bunch of girls etc also you're making it look like it's all girls around you rather than guys which for a social proof photo is not necessarily a bad thing And if anything again it looks like you tried to cut them out rather than leave them in So it doesn't look intentional So something like that would be or a crop like that is something I've done in the past that can be a massive improvement to some of these group photos to make you either look like the center of attention。

 draw attention to you make the crowd around you look cooler or more attractive or whatever So that's something you can do also the other thing that again mentioning that like everyone in the actual obviously the actual photo isn't black barred over everybody's face but this is very cool very obvious that everybody in the photo。

Is Asian in the photo of the way I've cropped it， you could actually。

You could actually tell that that they're girls， but you can't necessarily tell they're all Asian。

 so it's more implication and there's more sort of ambiguity to it's showing him that he's attractive。

 but it's not saying I'm attractive with this one specific demographic。

 it's saying I'm attractive more holistically， which is going to appeal more broadly。

 but shouldn't reduce your appeal within that demographic。

Sos those are some of the things I would say there。

 but the biggest thing again though is it's definitely an eye fit in profile and he's definitely played it way too safe and he's also kind of shied away from highlighting some of his best qualities right he has clearly in good shape but he only has one photo where it shows and then he has some other I guess the Jim photo's trying to show it but has photos where he actually looks out of shape even though he's in shape like contrast this bottom right photo here I'm gonna to take the drawing off contrast this bottom right photo where he's like clearly in good shape to how he looks in his original profile here。

😊，He looks like a young kid and he does not look fit at all right， so that's， you know。

 that's problematic you want to and make sure that you look your physical best in that first photo and also for first photo。

 you want it to be like usually a photo that shows your face very clearly， which that one's not。

So there's some issues here but he does look like he is a successful guy。

 it looks like he has you know a decent lifestyle decent money。

 there's certainly nothing here that would disqualify girls from being attracted to him he's just not packaging it as well as he could be he's just not highlighting the best elements with very similar photos to this pose slightly differently cut a little bit differently selected a little bit better for like maybe angle or atti or whatever he could actually go along a lot further with this the profile itself is still way too boring though you're gonna to love me or hate me as a nice attempt at being polarizing but it's still too soft and the rest of it is just kind of blot。

So again， not trying to tear you apart there， not trying to pick you apart。

 you seem like to be honest looking deeply into this。

 you seem like you are a cool guy and have a lot going for you。

 but it's just you're not displaying it with the kind of intelligence that you should be like there's a lot of better ways to display the value you have than what you've chosen here but you can see that the raw ingredients are there and there definitely is a good profile that can be made out of something similar to this with obviously some work on the bio。

