# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：7.推销你的作品_7 Elevator Pitch Your Work【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

My major issue with people that do elevator pitches and trying to be high value and whatnot。

Is that there's a few different things people do。 One is they're completely unprepared and like。

 well， we that's not good right。 so what people are taught is learn your elevator pitch。

 The other thing that happens。 And I think this is the most common one is people are way too polished like we run a X。

 Y， Z label company that does this and this and this for this person。Who cares？Who fucking cares。

 right， unless I'm exactly that type of person and I want exactly what your product is。I don't care。

 And even， even aside from having me as a potential customer， which may not even be in the cards。

 no matter what， I don't care enough to find out more。

 I don't care enough to learn if there's some synergy。

 I don't care enough to learn if I can refer you to somebody anything like that。 So my。

 my view on this one。 I would view it a little bit the way that I view the start of an interaction in game。

Which is your first goal is not to sell。 You shouldn't be selling in the first 10 seconds。

 it was similarly to how you shouldn't be selling in the first 10 seconds in game。

 What you should be doing is building value first。 And the first part of building value is building enough intrigue that you get time。

 So if you get an elevator pitch， idea of an elevator pitch being。

 you have a short elevator ride to convey this。 So you have one minute maybe to convey something。

 that already is a losing proposition。 Your goal in that minute isn't to sell in one minute。

 In my opinion， your goal in that minute is to intrigue someone so that you get five minutes and then intrigue someone so that you get 10 minutes and an hour and then a customer or a raving fan or someone who's gonna spread your business name or whatever else。

 So trying to sell too early， I think is a very bad idea。

 I think the most important thing you can do is build intrigue。

 like say something that'ss interesting or intriguing。

 And hopefully ideally make it relevant to the other person。

 So if I were to an obviously every business is different。

 But if I were to give something along lines of what's your ideal sales pitch sorry your ideal elevator pitch。

I would be first relating to the other person or relating to experience they had。 So like。

 you know how X Y Z happens in life， In't that frustrating， Well， yada， yada， yada。

 something like that is going to be a lot better Or if you happen to know something about the person。

 Well， so you work in this business right And so you probably come about yada。

 yada yada that's interesting because yada， yada yada right so making it relevant to the other person developing a little bit of a hook is going be a much better way to go overall and anything you can do that is kind of。

Um， that's mysterious or unique or whatever if you can cultivate that and make the other person like ask a second or ask a third follow up question。

 that's going to get you a lot further on。