# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：06.你的价值来自哪里：2.指出差距_2 Pointing Out the Gap【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Gap means the gap between who someone is conveying that they are and who they actually are right。

Think of it this way， right， You know everything about yourself。 You know all your own insecurities。

 you know all your own worst qualities， you know all your own best qualities。

 But when you go into the world， you try and highlight those best qualities and you try and like hide those worst qualities。

 right， So you're putting a presentation into the world of one thing when， in fact。

 you know that you're another thing。 right， that's true for just about everybody。

 And most people are trying in some way to be something or not， especially people who are。

Aspirational or like a little confident or ostentatious， they're putting something out there that is。

 you know。What they'd like to be rather than necessarily what they are right or something or maybe they're putting out a slightly more favorable impression of themselves if you can point out that gap。

 then you're going to do really well。So one example of this。

 which can I'll bring up kind of amog examples dealing with other guys in interaction。

 One example is if you call out the guy for doing game。

 so to speak nu and say you're doing game or whatever， but if you say wow。

 you're like you know that's very smooth like where whered you get that line from。

 something like that is you're putting him under a lot of pressure because he's trying to be this like cool social guy and it's just happening where you point out that like game is in progress now it puts him in a weird situation where he can be like I'm not doing game and justify himself and qualify himself or he can go along with。

 you know oh yeah， no， I'm really good at this and now he's qualifying himself So you put him in this interesting double bind。

Another interesting one， it's not necessarily the most practical。

 but it's a good example for illustrating the concept。

Is if you saw someone wearing like like those Ferrari jackets or something like that， but， oh， dude。

 nice， nice jacket， man， the car's outside， right？And you're kind of like just joking with him teasing with him。

 but he has to like kind of acknowledge he has to handle that like no I don't have the car just the jacket right or he can try and be like oh no。

 I love the car home and just try and like be all like， you know， you know。

 try and play it off or something like that when you know it's not true and it just comes off very。

 very fake So here what you're doing is youre pointing out the gap between。

Who they are like presenting to the world and who they actually are profile they got from me。

 but three different pictures， three different situations where you might be approaching the girl。

 etc cetera。Soum。Let's look at this。 So from this idea of pointing out the gap， right。

So if we were to point out the gap for this picture on the left in like the the chunky。

 like it khaki boots or whatever。 So she's trying to look very like not try hard。

 but she clearly like put it together very intentionally。 So that's a bit of it。

 And then if you were to walk up to a girl like in the in the moment doing this。

 And this is obviously odd because it is， you know。

 it's on Instagram but it looks very posed right And so something along the lines of the gap might be something along the lines of like trying to not look try hard or something like that or or being very posed。

Um。Something like that， or the fact that like you caught her when she was like wrapped up in like perceiving herself or something like that would be would be an interesting gap so assuming she's like out at a nightclub sitting by herself like staring into the distance。

 I'm sorryy sorry you looked like lost lost in self-reflection。

 I thought you might want to come join the party with everybody else。

 something like that where you're pointing out this gap of how she's like kind of posed or being extra elegant but being like not really congruent to the thing that's going on at the event that could be a potential gap。

 or again， this idea that like she like like dressed up to dress down is an interesting pointing out the gap kind of a thing so those those are examples of different things you might maybe play on。

m，The second one a couple things that that will come up， one is it's a， she's like， it looks silly。

 right， it looks super silly。And this will happen a lot of times maybe when you're out where girl like does a silly pose for photo or does some silly thing with a girl with their girlfriend and。

If you can notice them in that moment and just look at them and just like like catch eye contact and roll your eyes or catch eye contact like wow。

 that was hilarious or did you really just do that。

 that's an amazing moment If you can actually catch them in that that moment of siness。

 So she did this like weird pose thing and this the purple dress and then she。😊。

And that next moment you catch your eyes' be like wow， could you do that again。

 that was that was adorable and ridiculous。 So that's good。

 A big thing with particularly hot girls is they're used to being called hot。

 they're used to guys acknowledging them as beautiful。

 They're used to guys not being able to be themselves around them。

 but there's another way of looking at them， which is like kind of cute and silly。

 which is still positive it's not insulting because that' that's the way a lot of guys try and go with hot girls they go like flat out insulting and that doesn't work either especially insulting them on their appearance when they already know they're hot and they know it's bullshit。

But just treating them as though like cute and amusing and not taken very seriously can actually work very well there。

 The other one， just because of this attire， you could be like I love the dress。

 I see you really just chose to fit in I like to blend in tonight something like that could be kind of a teased there where it's clearly like she wants to be seen and she wants to be osentatious right So what she would like to have perceived as she's just this like you know pixie like elegant thing that's getting all this attention。

 Oh it's just always me it just happened， but let's be honest when she dressed this way。

 she was actively seeking attention。 Now you wouldn't be like the insulting would be like you're actively seeking attention。

 that's lame。 that will not work because that's combative and aggressive and negative in those kind of things。

 But instead if you compliment her on it。 But then throw like a little irony， just pointing out the。

Pointing out the gap again that could work pretty well All This last one's interesting。

 one thing that comes to mind that I wouldn't say it fits the format。

 but I wouldn't say it for cultural reasons is it does look like she's in high school and that would that would typically be like a good tease。

 The only problem with that is it has that association with her being underage or something like that you'd want to avoid that comment for social reasons but it does fit the format of the right kind of teas the other teas that that's very good here that that would be a compliment but but like it's secure secure insecurity provoking compliment would be something like the I like to look I bet you'd look actually really go with like your natural hair color。

 something like that。 And so basically it is it is a compliment but you're sort of assessing or you're sort of like。

You're saying maybe you'd look， you didn't say you'd look better with your other hair color or like this looks lame。

 you should have done your other hair color， which are all insults and that would be going wrong。

 But if you're like， because it's clear like she has like the dark eyes， dark skin。

 it's clear that she's not a natural blonde。So one。

 the fact that she's not a natural blonde could be insecurity in and of itself。

 like it' it doesn't look right or doesn't whatever。 But secondly， it's I bet you'd look good with。

 you know， I bet you'd really good with your natural hair color。 something like that。

 And you're sort of also poking fun of the fact that she's putting on a facade。

 She's changed something about herself to look a certain way for the world。

 So those are the type of comments that you could potentially make in these kind of situations。

 And this one's actually decent because the first one looks like she could be like that out of a club。

 Second one could be some silly little thing she just did posing for a photo again out in public。

 There last one， I don't know。 it does look like a postpho。 So it's a weird approach situation。

 But again， there are a couple things about the look that you could use。

 Other thing I would do want to point out。😊，Is that commenting especially with the hotter girls on their appearance is probably not the best way to go if they do something behavioral like you know the girl in the middle picture that the purple looking silly that is a good behavioral thing the girl looking like lost in like lost in the clouds and not like not in reality at all is you potentially something in the first picture something behavioral is better for example。

 if you could characterize this third look I don't really know an adjective for。

 but if you had an adjective to characterize it， the adjective of the look would be better than commenting on her physical appearance。

So that's a general principle that you could use this is the second you know。

 famous person that my my staff chose for me to like look at and work with and that kind of stuff。

These are actually a bit more difficult and the reason has to do with situation。So this first one。

 the problem here is that just looking at it if I were to see the situation， number one。

 there's three girls and they're all very hot。 So any of these girls if being approached could likely you know。

 have some sort of like arrogance or some sort of like attitude about them and then also the way they're they're you know interacting。

 they're showing some feiciness and so there's a decent chance。

 if you had to like physically walk over to these girls over some kind of a distance。

You would be like kind of they'd see you coming and they'd be kind of like the rejection would be already like almost semi prepared but before you get there because there's no real non obvious way to do to do that approach and they're already they already seem prim to be in that kind of attitude of like where the hot shit etc cetera。

 etc ceter so that can be kind of difficult again， you want to look for situational opportunities。

So in this first first picture on the far left， the three girls flipping。

 well two girls flipping off and one girl like licking her finger that flipped off。

 which is interesting， but the best approach here oftentimes if you were at some kind of distance might be actually not to technically approach them。

 but maybe just like flip them off back。Like they're flipping off the world doing this thing。

 and then you catch eye with them and just like flip them off as well。

 And then if they react strongly to it， you can kind of like shake your head at them roll your eyes or do a second gesture if they reacted to that then maybe you'd like act like kind of like oh God。

 I guess I guess I'll walk over since you're engaging with me and act like they opened you act like they engaged with you first So something like that could work。

 if you did the flipoff thing and they didn't notice it。 well。

 nothing is lost right you can still approach later。

 if you did the flipoff thing and they noticed it but didn't react much you still engage with them on some level。

 you could go back to whatever conversation you're having hopefully're already doing something yourself and as opposed just standing around by yourself at the bar doing nothing and then you can always go approach them later and that approach later might be a little warmer or a little more more welcoming than it would have been in that moment。

But walking across if there was a large gap and there wasn't a clear reason to approach。

 it wouldn't be the optimal timing， you'd much'd much rather find a casual moment to approach these girls I if they were standing more near you or if you're walking past or something like that so it is somewhat of a difficult approach in that in that realm just because it's very obvious you're approaching if you had to go。

In the if you had to start the conversation in an obvious way。

 one thing you could do is just make it a not a particularly sexual conversation at first and just work socially and be the social fun guy and then bring the intentfulness later on so even potentially old school opinion opener could be good for this kind of a group situation where there's no kind of soft points in the group。

So those are different approaches that could work there as far as it goes， the second one。

 a situation where I absolutely would not approach I'll explain why how I would approach in general。

 but the reason I would not approach is this girl clearly has she's being photographed right she's clearly being photographed she clearly looks a certain way。

And， you know， interrupting that would be extremely try hard， extremely not calibrated， et cetera。

If you were to approach this girl at a different time， so she's clearly。

Like blatantly blatantly well dressed， like ridiculously accessorized。

 perfectly everything matches like her purse matches her dress in her top。

 I thought actually when I first I thought a purse match or top， which would be even more ridiculous。

 But since it's addressed is a little less ridiculous。

 but it's still ridiculous Like what kind of girl has a perfectly matching plaid purse for like perfectly matching like top right So something along the lines of that pointing out that gap could be interesting pointing out the gap that it is a little over the top or a little try hard。

 So the other thing to think about is what kind of event this is。

 So if if a girl's dressed like this， she's probably dressed for an event。

 So hopefully you belong at that event， hopefully you're dressed well at that event hopefully you fit in at that event and in that case you might not even have to do a cold approach because you might be hopefully someone at that event as well or at least know someone or something like that。

 So you could also avoid cold approach in this kind of a situation。

 And a lot of times the issue with celebrity girls isn't even that they're harder approach is the problem of。

I the problem of like actually getting to a situation where you could approach them But in terms of pointing out the gap a couple things you could do is you could say something about like I like that outfit。

 I just have to ask though you always get the matching matching purse for every shirt you own something like that the idea of like I love the outfit but it is a little over the top you could say something this wouldn't be good open necessarily it might be good in the in the thing actually have to say that the look is is very elegant like aknowledging it like by the way the neck warmer really sets it off and calling it a neck warmer as opposed to calling it like whatever could be you're kind of poking fun but overall you are complimenting because you don't want to girl is very very very well dressed if you insult the way she's dressed or act like she's making a fashion you're just wrong because she's not like a fucking amazing outfit and it's okay to it's okay to to tea and whatnot but you don't want to be like flat out insulting you you don't want to be too far from reality the third one。

More interesting and third one's more of a situation where you might be typically approaching again。

 very well dressed， but it is a very unique kind of a look。

 I saw someone put like some steal the gloves fromJ the gloves are definitely something I would play on my thought with these with this one is more like she looks like she could assassinate you or something like that like she looks like an assassin or she looks like something nefarious or untrustworthy or something like that but but very elegant and good again you give the compliment because she is very welldress if you're like you're dressed like you're just flat out wrong So you want to be positive but then you just have that little bit of you're not taking her all that seriously in the positivity and in particular with the really hot girls not you do not want to be saying you're so hot you do not want to be giving like physical compliments that kind of stuff and one big thing with whole premise of this exercise of what opener would you use for her or how would you open her it assumes that the opener is a huge part of the interaction and it is important because it helps with getting into the interaction but it's definitely not the。

Whole deal It's nothing like the whole deal。 your only goal on the opener is too open。

 You're not trying to like have this like opener that's so clever she's blown away by。 In fact。

 if your opener was too clever， it might appear too rehearsed or it might appear like you've been like trying to think about it for 10 minutes or something like that or you might like deliver it in a way that makes it seem rehearsed as well So mainly we want to just go with your impressions in the moment it's okay to be largely just positive and friendly at first and you should trust yourself here's the big deal with this。

 you should trust yourself with a girl no matter how high value that sorry I'm raising some of the comments which are actually quite funny but you should trust that your value is such that if you just are in a conversation with a girl on a level playing field that you'll do fine from there so you don't have to knock it out of the park on your opener and you don't want to be super try hard on your opener。

So I hope that helps a little bit in terms of some some ideas of push pull and basically this idea of finding the gap。

 right， finding that that gap between who they're trying to be and and what they are so this girl。

 you know， and the last one she's she's very elegant。

 but it's also like a little over the top and ridiculous like who even owns a pair of gloves like that。

 for example。Okay。By the way， one comment actually because there are a lot of funny comments in the chat but ones that are actually flat out insulting like how many how many prostate exams did you do tonight。

 that kind of stuff， it's funny， it's really funny it would also be probably a really bad opener at least as your first opener if you would already have been talking for all and then you were joking around about the gloves and then you said that maybe but if you started off with something that's full on insulting at the start it probably wouldn't work very often would you know it just be too like you tried to be negative why did you go approach and then try and be negative whenever you're doing something that is negative it should be kind of subtle and it just happened as opposed to really put on and try hard。

