# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：01.感知和价值：00.欢迎来到价值大师班【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Welcome to Value masterclass。 It's great to have you here。

 I'm sure you're gonna learn an absolute ton from this program and hopefully you're gonna have a lot of fun in the process。

 I'm gonna to keep this introduction pretty quick because I want you to get into just absorbing the course and learning as fast as possible。

 but I do want to give you some tips about how the course is laid out what parts I think are the most important how I think you can get the most from it So basically if you look at the course there are a few different segments。

 there's the modules which is gonna be the core of the course， the heart of the material。

 there's the Q and As which I suggest digesting after the modules。

 although you can watch them in any order they're gonna make a lot more sense though if you have the modules as background So that's the order I kind of suggest there One other thing you'll notice there's a tap at the top called bonuses。

 one of the bonuses is online game breakdowns online game and online profiles is a great avenue for exploring how value is conveyed and sort the sort of iconography of value and the paradigms of a valuable man and that kind of the archetypes that make you valuable So don't miss that's some of the people that attended the live。

😊，Program that was their absolute favorite part of the entire course was those online game breakdown。

 so they're in the bonuses section。 don't miss them for that reason。

 don't just watch the modules and skip over them okay so definitely check those out Also if you check out the appendices you can see the entire live course as it was performed What we've done is this course was originally performed over two long days on a live program and then afterwards my staff has done an amazing job of cutting it up and organizing it so that it's much more digestible。

 it's all still there， but they've made it even more organized and even more kind of congruent and coherent than it was when it was performed live again if you want to watch it as performed live you can do that in the appendices but I do recommend taking advantage of all the extra work they've done and watching it as we've presented it within this course。

 The way the course starts out is gonna to start out exploring human psychology and how that relates to value then what value is then it'll get into the techniques of conveying value and sort of a game sense like the immediate techniques the things you can do right now in the moment to enhance。

Your value and that covers most of what was originally day one in the course and then day two in the course explores the inner game of value。

 the psychology that's gonna get you deep value and then it explores taking these concepts of value。

 not just to game， but to everywhere in your life So it's a very comprehensive course。

 lots and lots of hours specifically on the topic of value。

 I'm sure you're gonna enjoy it And the nice thing is it's organized in such a way that you can watch it through and then you can go back and find the segments you want to watch over and over again as you improve game you'll find more and more new material each time you come back to it。

 So with that said I don't want to take up any more your time get into the course， enjoy it。

 can't wait to see a reaction and have get the learning that you're gonna get out of it Thanks again See you soon。

😊。