# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：06.你的价值来自哪里：1不使自己合格而使他人合格_1 Not Qualifying Yourself and Making Others Qualify【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I want to bring up today is a very very very， very important concept for being high value。

 which is a concept of not qualifying yourself and this goes back to the idea that I talked about just very briefly at the start。

 which is sometimes it's not the thing that you do that's going to make you high value。

 it's the way that you do that thing qualifying yourself。

 basically means explaining yourself unnecessarily justifying yourself。

 making excuses for yourself those kinds of things。

So someone who's totally secure will typically deal in reality and then just get on with things。

 Someone who has insecurities will often qualify themselves， explain themselves。

 try and try and talk away those insecurities。 So let's say， for example。

 you get some negative feedback at work。 Your boss is like， hey， you did this and this and this。

The high value guy who has confidence in his relationship with his boss has confidence in his work。

 has confidence in the value he brings to the company will say， sorry， boss。

 my bad wont happen again。That's it in discussion， right？That's it。 Or sorry boss， we'。

 we've corrected。 Yeah， that was an error。 We've corrected it won't happen again。

 Something like that。 The insecure person will be like， we' maybe start making excuses。 Hey， sorry。

 yeah， So what happened was like， you know， Rogers and sales did this thing。

 And then this other thing。 And then we were late。 And so this happened。 And this happened。

 And they try to explain all these ways。 It wasn't their fault。

AndWhat ends up happening is it makes them look weak， makes them look out of control。

 makes them look like they're making excuses， and it also comes off very needy。

 very approval seekingee in the wrong sorts of ways。

 So that's one example from work guys qualifying themselves to girls all the time by trying to talk about maybe a girl gives you shit about your shirt and you're like oh yeah no sorry what I had clean or this or that or you know explaining yourself it just looks really really bad or say for example you're gonna take a girl somewhere hey let's go over here could be fun。

 you're like， hey， let's go maybe we could go over here because like well I know it's not this but maybe it's we start overexplaining you just start looking really insecure and really really lame And in general。

 the person who is qualifying themselves more in an interaction is the person of lower value typically the person who is qualifying themselves less in the interaction is the person who is of higher value So one behavior that you can do which it's funny because the idea of not qualifying yourself is something you will do naturally when you'。

ighIf you feel like a high value person in a situation， you will qualify yourself less， however。

You can also work this backwards， that feedback loop of action to behavior。

 so action to behavior to result to inner game。So if you just stop qualifying yourself。

 if you eliminate the habit of qualifying yourself。

 you will go a lot further in life and this is one like kind of there's a few superpowers I have in game like most most things in game if I do them you could repeat them and you could do the exact same thing but there are a couple of superpowers I have one superpower I have is that I've dealt with so much social pressure that it doesn't really affect me like if I'm put in a tense situation I don't crack under the tension because I've probably dealt with 100 situations more tense or had worse shit tests or whatever so that's number one the second one is over years and years and years I've developed the habit of just not qualifying myself so in all those situations where your instinct is to justify yourself to prove yourself that kind of stuff that's not my instinct my instinct is the opposite my instinct is to like you know I've trained it out of myself so much that doesn't even occur to me and if it did start to occur to me it would feel like weird and it would feel like creepy and lame to qualify myself it would feel。

Out of character to do so。 And so one big thing you guys can do。

 we're gonna talk a lot today about actionable takeaways。

 not just like theory but how to actually put this into effect and what practices you can do exercise。

 it's a very， very simple exercise but it is the exercise of not qualifying yourself in life So the way I would suggest you practice this is to challenge yourself give yourself a time period and then just try to not qualify yourself for that time period So if most people qualify themselves constantly in social interaction。

 obviously if you're sitting well that should be fair。

 some people even qualify themselves to themselves I about to say if you're sitting in a room by yourself you're probably not going to qualify yourself。

 but even there you might so you could set an idea of I'm not gonna to qualify myself for the next hour I'm not going to excuse me justify myself for the next hour in general though this should be for social situation。

 So for example， if you have a workday where you're interacting with people or you have meetings or stuff like that try and remind yourself not to qualify yourself don't qualify yourself。

Now， I want to be very careful with this in business and this is an area we're going to touch on which is applying the ideas of game to business。

 you can go very， very wrong in applying some of the ideas of game to business if you go in and yourre super brash and cocky and arrogant and and don't like care about anybody else which by the way isn't even good game。

 but it's how some people interpret some of the lessons of game if you do that in business and that's going to backfire for you really。

 really fast and really， really badly so I don't recommend that and this idea of not qualifying yourself。

 it doesn't mean don't admit if you're wrong if you are wrong。

 admit that you're wrong right what it means is just acknowledge that this is the situation。

 acknowledge that you're doing the best you can in the situation where the next steps will be made and don't make excuses for the situation right so not qualifying yourself does not mean not admitting blame I'm not telling you that you're always right and you can admit blame I'm also not telling you that you have to like hold a firm frame against reality when the reality clearly says you you know says one thing you have to like hold your frame in the face of that。

All I'm saying is accept reality， accept that what is in the past is in the past。

 what has happened has happened and you don't need to explain it away。

 you just need to deal with it in the moment and move on with it the best that can be done right so that's what the idea of not qualify yourself is but give you that as a challenge right try and not qualify yourself for an hour while interacting with people and then if that know gets easy for you then you can come back to don't qualify yourself for you know two hours。

 five hours， half a day a day and eventually you'll get to the point where you virtually don't qualify yourself in life right you virtually don't qualify yourself。

Okay， so do be careful about overusing this， do be careful this does not give you permission to just be like a frame control junkie and it does not mean to be like you know oblivious to others or anything like that。

 but it means you don't make excuses for yourself if you acknowledge the reality。

 you acknowledge when you've messed up those kind of things， but you just don't don't qualify。Okay。

 next idea that's useful in game and also useful in social interactions is the idea of making other people qualify themselves to you。

And there are a few ways to do this。 It goes from the very obvious to the very non- obviousous。

 The most obvious way to get someone to qualify is a flat out ask So the idea of this in a dating situation would be something like asking a girl the typical old school question of like you know your cute beauties comment what do you have going for you beside your looks and make someone get to know you right that's flat out please qualify to me And if the girl likes you enough and if the girl's bought in enough。

 she may do that and that if it works will work very well because she's very strongly in your frame problem is。

It's very easy to reject。 and it very much feels like game。 It feels like heavy frame control。

 And nobody likes to be frame control。 So if if it's， if you do that too early。

 you can really mess things up。 If you say to a girl， you know。

 what have we got going for beside your looks， etc cea。 et cetera。 And she goes， oh， nothing。

I'm boring。Where she goes，  I don't know you approached me， why don't you tell me？

Now you're in a bad situation。And so the problem is when you flat out ask someone to qualify and it's very obvious if it works。

 it works great， but it is very high risk and it will really derail things when it doesn't work。

 So there are some other ways to get someone to qualify which are probably better sort of teasing them to get them to qualify is actually a bit better。

 so challenging or teasing someone to qualify for example。

We talked about yesterday your value coming from your value so maybe you state a value and then you challenge someone on that very same value you just stated so。

 for example， you know， I'm really into you know fitness and self- improvement。

 I feel like anyone who's just stagnant is just like's this very lame and boring actually what do you what do you you do go to the gym right something like that So you kind of put out your values and then you ask them about theirs right or you could even do in a positive way that's still challenging like you look like you do go to the gym every once and well yes something like that。

But you're challenging them， you're saying here's the value and I'm challenging you to it。

Another way that's even softer than that is to just put it out there and leave it to linger right You can be like。

 you know what， I I find that。Just for me， this is a personal preference。

 but people that have played sports have done something competitive in their life where they had to be tested or challenged just seem be more interesting than people that just kind of floated along and didn't have to do that right。

 I mean like yeah， I just find that people have been challenged or are just more interesting in general。

And you just say that and just let it hang in the air for a second and a lot of times the girl will be like。

 oh yeah no， I played sports I did this in this and big well I didn't play sports but I was on debate team and I think that's challenging and so all that can motivate someone to qualify and the nice thing is you didn't actually flat out ask so if they don't qualify there's no real loss of social value or no loss of social capital there。

Okay。😊，One really。Well， one really strong thing in terms of getting someone to qualify is talking about them right people will qualify when the conversation about them。

 they won't qualify when it's about like a third party topic or some random thing。 So if I say。

 you know I notice this interesting thing about you。

 you're automatically primed to be defensive or thinking about yourself or explaining yourself or these various things。

 if I say， oh， it's know the weather is very warm today。

 nobody's going to qualify to that because it's not about them， there's no there's no value。

 there's no threat。 it's not personal in any way。 So if you do want people to qualify to you。

 if you want people to start chasing you， making it about them is a really good shortcut at the very least。

 making it relevant to them in some way。