# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：11.问答：问答3_Q&A #2【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

With women's dual mating strategy， i。e。 the lover versus provider thing going for a guy that can you know just get them pregnant at his high value versus a guy that'll stick around so with women's dual mating strategy。

 wouldn't a girl's blueprint also have some fluidity to it depending on who she is talking to。

Absolutely， yes。So there are some guys who she will sleep with with the idea of making them her boyfriend。

 there's also some guys who she' will potentially sleep with with the idea of just having a one night stand or them just being of value。

 etc ce， and there may be guys that she honestly would have a one night stand with but would also be quite happy if they would become her boyfriend that's very common if the guy's high value enough she would love to make him her boyfriend。

 but she might not even believe it's possible right like someone like a celebrity or someone that she views as super high value relative to her maybe she still would love to have him be a boyfriend but it's just not gonna happen and so she's already resigned to that。

Absolutely that changes Also the situation in which you meet the girl changes that。

 So if you meet the same girl in a small town in Iowa where she' lived her whole life versus meeting her in Las Vegas。

 where she's partying for a night and then a friendsren are there。 that's a very different scenario。

 So the blueprint is unique to the girl。 but a blueprint is also very。

 very specific and unique to the situation。 And depending on the situation， the same girl， excuse me。

 Im trying to get a water here。 So I don't lose my voice。

 the same girl could have a very different blueprint in two different situation。 So yes。

 that's absolutely the case。 that's absolutely true。

So the question is when to be polarizing and your identity versus when to be empathetic and socially aware。

 what Id like to think about is go back to that that coffee example。

The value and comfort kind of matrix， which is how much do you need， right， Are you。

 do you have plenty of value and you need some more comfort in that case， be more empathetic。

 You should always be socially aware， by the way， Socially aware is。

 is universal because socially aware is a sign of value and a sign of comfort。

 So social awareness there's always a time for that。 And it is always in in a premium。

 But between being empathetic and nice and and caring and kind and and all that kind of stuff and building comfort and and sympathizing。

That's more when you have a lot of value， but you want to build that connection and build more comfort if you are finding that things are a little too comfortable where the girl seems to be getting complacent around you。

 it seems like the spark is kind of deteriorating those kind of things in that case。

 you want to be more polarized and showing your identity again showing your identity is both value and comfort for example。

 storytelling， telling a girl a story about you。Builds value in the sense of the story being。

 you know you being the center of attention， you being the hero of the story。

 you conveying positive traits about yourself， but also builds comfort in the sense that you're opening up to her。

 So showing your identity is also a universal thing。 So being socially aware， universally good。

 basically showing your identity， basically universally good。

 being polarizing only when you need more value or largely when you need more value。

 being empathetic and nice and and that side of things， mostly when you need more comfort。

 So that's how you're adjusting， you know the ratio I tell you pourre a little more of milk。

 a little more coffee， a little more milk until you get the ratio just right。

So that's what you're essentially doing there。Have。

 if the girl's blueprint and value doesn't necessarily line up perfectly with yours。

 Are you willing to adjust without compromising your own values to see if an interaction can progress forward。

 Yes， generally， I mean， yes， generally， it depends as my answer， which is a weird answer so。

At any given time， you have an idea of what you're looking for that idea may not be absolute or set in stone and it may change over time。

So， for example， if I like a girl who's who's very athletic and like like athletic in play sports。

 and that's what I think my blueprint is。 What if I meet a girl who is a top ballerina， for example。

 and is incredibly competitive at it and incredibly fit Well。

 she may be providing all those same things that I would have wanted in a girl playing sports but she doesn't actually。

 I mean， you could say ballet is a sport It' not a competitive sport is more of an artistic sport or whatever。

 but she'd be providing all those same kinds of things without it being from a competitive sport On the other hand。

 maybe the thing I like about the sport is the head to head competitiveness and feistiness and maybe the ballerina is not feisty and doesn't appeal to me in the same way。

 and so。😊，There's what you think you want and what you actually want。

 There's what I call needs values and end values or sorry sorry means values and end values。

 means values are how you get their end values is what you're trying to actually get at。

 So sometimes you may not be hitting your means values that you've set out， but you're also hit it。

 You are hitting your end values。 You're still very satisfied。

 You're still having a lot of fun in the relationship。 You're still very intrigued by the girl。

 and that's completely fine。' that's completely okay。

 The other thing thatll happen is your view of what you want will tend to change over time。

When I was first starting out in the dating game， what I thought I wanted was like pure resume。

 I wanted the girl that like got like straight As and was like had every accolade and was like。

 you know， looked a certain way and all these different things， right And a lot of that is state。

 I still love excellence。 I still love beautiful women， all that kind of stuff。

 That's all that's all continue to be the case。 But what I've come to realize is that sometimes the girls that were that original description are very uptight and they're very busy and they're very not as much fun。

 whereas there are a lot of girls that have a lot of those characteristics。

 but are also fun and sexy and。😊，And have a lifestyle and an attitude in terms of how they like to enjoy their free time that's more congruent with me。

 And I find I actually have more fun hanging out with those girls。

 And so my blueprint has stayed somewhat the same， but somewhat changed or somewhat evolved over time as I've gotten more experience with more girls。

 And that absolutely will happen。 So if you meet a girl who isn't exactly a blueprint。

 but you're enjoying her， keep enjoying and see where it goes。

 And obviously like there's again the same way that girls have blueprints for different things。

 You may have blueprints for different things。 So she may not be the blueprint of what you want to marry。

 but she might be a great hookup or she might be a great three month or six month or one week relationship or who knows。

😊，And so yeah， let your let your blueprint be flexible。

 your particular blueprint of what you're looking for。

 But just make sure you have standards and make sure you're being true to yourself and you may find that you end up getting something that's even better than your blueprint。

 you may be end up being having revealed to you that what you actually like is something that does surprise you。

 So if you are enjoying it if you are finding pleasure and joy and growth in it。

 there's no reason to run away because didactically she didn't meet my exact standards as I set out。

 standards are flexible。 You're figuring it out you're growing over time。 So hopefully that。😊。

That answer。 So yeah， I I am willing to adjust to a point if I really feel like talking to the girl is no longer an active self love。

 it's no longer。Emotionally and mentally and spiritually nourishing to me。

 And I'm not I'm not enjoying it。 I I'm not growing from。

 but I'm no longer find her attractivetract if any of those things are happening。

 then I will definitely leave or or back out of the interaction or something like that。

 But as long as it's positive， I'm not gonna be you know I said this one thing so I must stick to it。

 there's the great a great phrase that says a foolish consistency is the hob goblin of small minds。

 So sticking with something just because you said it before would be a foolish consistency Don't be consistent just because you have to be consistent。

 You don't have to like support something because you said it before。

 be consistent to doing the best thing in the moment。

 That's the biggest ethical standard I can give you is be consistent to doing the right thing based on the information you have。

 And that information is constantly evolving。 So if you get new information by all means you can make a new decision。

 isn't calibrating to a girl's blueprint at odds with making or come to your playing field and judging her by your values。

Um。Depends it depends because there are certain values that are immutable。

 certain values that you absolutely are absolute must have for you。

 and there are probably values that you don't care so much about。

 and there are also a lot of traits about you that you're quite happy to do and quite happy to engage in and some traits you're not。

 So for example。I like playing soccer， I played soccer for most of my young life。

 I want to be a professional soccer player， was it was like a joy for me， however。

 I also like other activities。I like playing pool。I like playing tennis。

I like running although less than those other sports。So there's things like I like reading。

 I like playing board games。There's these different things I like doing。

 So if I ideally would like a girl that I can play soccer with， that's like， you know。

 one of those things that that would make it great for me。

 But this girl happens to play tennis and I can play tennis with her。I'm kind of okay with that。

 right， So my blueprint is I'm a soccer player， and it'd be great if she could play soccer with me。

 But if she could play tennis， which is also my blueprint， just not my stated blueprint。

 It's also something that's of interest to me and also something that makes the relationship good for me。

 that it's not like compromising on that thing is going to to harm the relationship or harm me。

 And the point is， you are a very fluid concept and you're also a very complex concept with every single person you interact within life。

 You are a different person。😊，So when you interact with your good friends， you have one personality。

 when you interact with your parents， you have a different personality。

 you interact with random girls， you have different personality at work， different personality。

 all of those are you and hopefully all of those are people who you're congruent with and people who you like being if they're not work on them to try and make sure that they are。

But if you end up with a girl who。Embraces and really love certain characteristics about you that you're very happy to do and enjoy having come to the surface and are resonant with you being your best self。

 but are different characteristics than the ones you displayed with this girl over here that were also congruent with you and resonant with your best self and characteristics you like to display and experience。

 That's totally fine。 You don't have to force every single relationship into this like you know roundundhole square peg thing where it has to be completely 100% on your terms。

 There are a lot of different terms that would work for you。

 and there are a lot of different terms that would work for her。

 and there are a lot of different mutual agreements you can reach。😊。

And what will usually happen in a relationship over time is you'll reach some kind of a compromise of blueprints so one easy one is maybe how fast you sleep with a girl let's say you know you're really good at game。

 you slept with you know decent amount of girls you're pretty tight at escalation so normally you're sleeping with a girl same night you meet her a first date that's your typical blueprint for sex。

Then you meet a girl who is a virgin。Well， she's probably not going to sleep with the first night It could happen。

 but it's less likely it's quite possible you'll get to know her and maybe over a week or two maybe you'll sleep with her something like that right because her blueprints never your blueprints first night and you end up somewhere in the middle between the two Okay and that's that's kind of。

 you know how it works same kind of thing your blueprint is。Like， for example。

 let's say Lebron James and Michael Phelps your blueprint is in the pool if you're Michael Phelps Lebronze is with a ball。

 and so maybe you play water polo right and you still have the advantage。

 I would guess that Michael Phelps would be Lebron at water polo but you know it's kind of there game。

 It's kind of fun for them。 There's some relatable skills too and it makes it a fun competition。

 So something along those lines where you're mostly you maybe you go 70% your frame and dictating and playing on your field。

 but there is some flexibility。 and there's also the fact that you are a complex individual and there's a lot of different girls。

 a lot of different relationships that could appeal to you and it's worth exploring them。

 it would actually be very boring if in life every single relationship was exactly the same That's part of like the beauty of dating women that's part of the beauty of this whole endeavor is that you meet all these different people who bring these different energies and ideas and perspectives and experiences to your life。

 and that's a wonderful and good thing。 So it's not this absolute black and white my way or the highway。

 We end up with some kind of compromise。 ideal you should be compromising。

 You should be the less compromise。😊，Individual or you should at least be not compromising on your your must haves right there are things that are absolutely to that you absolutely need and are high priority。

 you're not compromising on those， but you can compromise on some of the little things that don't really matter to you that matter a lot to the other person it's kind of an economic exchange as far as that goes How can you leverage objective low value attributes with perceived high value traits with your UVP。

Okay， so this is a really interesting question so I'll give you kind of an example。

 which is this is not maybe the best example， but it's an example， so for example。

 I was a chess player growing up， which is not like stereotypically societally high value like the being in chess club is not considered the coolest thing in the world。

That said， And so if I LED with that right， and I actually did for a while。

 like I was a kid that like I I won a trophy and a chess term and I brought it in for show and tell。

 which is annoying because it's bragging to the other kids。

 And like I want a trophy you didn't showing off。 And then also it's about chess。

 So it wasn't exactly the most socially savvy， smart way to go。

And leading with the chesting was not good。However， nowadays， if I am a successful entrepreneur。

 kind of like cool and hip and edgy and a lot of fun。

 and I know how to flirt and sexy and all these different things and then the girl happens to see like that I have a ches set。

 it's like oh， you're smart too。Now it's an addition。

 And so all these things that are unique personality。

 If you are coming through a a frame that is already high value。

 If you've already been pre framed or predemin as high value， these things just add and enrich。

 right， So it's the same thing as like。If there's a like nice， sweet loser guy， quote unquote loser。

 I won't call anybody by a loser。 But like stereotypically social loser guy who's like。

 I love animals。 I do anything for animals， animals， animals， animals。 Hes like loser。

 Like a girl would be like not not turned on by just like a onedial nice guy， whatever。

 On the other hand， you have a guy who's like a total badass UFC C fighter beast goes the beat of his own drummer。

 Everybody's reacting to him。 And then he leans over and pets a cat pets pets a dog or a cat。

 The goes was like， oh my God， he has a heart。 And so what happens is as your high value in in a generally stereotypical way。

 All these other things that wouldn't necessarily have been high value。

 are gonna be viewed through a different lens what's called the halo effect。

 Its also what's called confirmation bias， which are kind of similar ideas。But basically。

 once a girl has determined you or defined you as high value。

 she's working these other traits into your high value identity and making you a high value person。

 And also if see， again， is this idea actually better at better example maybe a better explanation is this idea that I talked about before。

 not fitting in fitting in standing out。 So being a guy that's all about chess would be not fitting in with what's socially cool being a guy who's socially cool。

 who also just happens to like chess and isn't afraid to do it is standing out you've shown that you can fit in。

 you've shown that you can dominate socially and then you happen to do this other thing not because you're trying to impress with it or not because you're trying to please anybody with it。

 but because you just do it for you and it adds that depth that you're also a smart and a problem solver in these different things。

So that definitely should not be a problem as long as your overall way that you're being perceived as high value if at any point。

 the overall way you're being perceived is low value now you start to get reverse halo effect where everything's gonna to be interpreted as low value and reverse confirmation bias where everything that happens is just confirming this existing low value idea of you so the point is once you've set the right frame and you've set yourself up as high value。

 then you have a huge platform for determining what is high value So another third way of saying this which is they're all good explanations but whatever is once you have a girl in your frame。

 then you can do a lot in explaining that frame and getting her to to participate and move further within that frame。

 but if you try and like show these other elements of your frame or try and push a girl into your frame when she hasn't accepted being in your frame in the first place that's what is problematic So those are three different explanations of essentially the same phenomenon but definitely all good ways of looking at it and which everyone resonates with you is good。

I believe they're all accurate I believe they're all valid ways of answering that question。

 so whichever you like better or all of them I think is good I so you said you'll never get rid of all low value behaviors why not do you still have some。

I mean。Is an interesting question。 It's it's， it's an always or never question。 So first of all。

 I probably shouldn't have never said the word never anyway。But I would say we're human， right。

 Every， every situation is different so。It's kind of funny as you progress in game and as you progress in life。

 what ends up happening is you start making all the same mistakes at higher levels。So at first。

 if your mistake is being timid and shy and not going for it。

 that means not approaching the road at all then at a certain level you do the approach。

 but maybe now you're afraid to get escalate physically。

Now maybe you're approach you willing to escalate physically。

 but that whole pulling the trigger and taking the girl home thing is very nerveracking for you and then later on。

 you know， that's all fine for you， but then asking for what you want in bed is kind of like difficult for you。

Similarly in terms of high value， acting high value in one situation maybe hard for you maybe at first。

 acting high value in any situation is hard for you。

 and then you become comfortable in some situations， good in some situations。

 etc and you're okay with it and then you can do it in a greater more expanding range of situations。

 more high value， more difficult situations， but then maybe eventually you're put on you maybe you're dealing with billionaire celebrities who you know you actually maybe you're in a business where you need their business and it's just the most impossible situation ever and you just handle it the best a human being could be expected to but maybe you're not perfect and hopefully you get the sale hopefully you get them on board but you just did the best you could and you was a high pressure situation。

 the odds were stacked against you there was a lot of social pressure you're dealing with people that have strong frames and are used to being high value themselves it's like you get good at high school football and then you play in college and you get good at college football and you playing in the pros play the pros than you play in the Super Bowl etc etc。

So you're constantly as you're improving， you're playing at higher and higher levels the stakes are getting higher。

 the competitions getting tougher， thats that's just naturally how things are going to go and those low value behaviors are very situational right so almost everybody in the right situation can act high value if they truly are just put in a situation where they are high value relative to everybody else and almost everybody can be put in a situation where they are low value so that will happen the goal is to just get better and better and better and maximize the situation in which you can be high value and also mitigate even in those situations where you are in a tough situation so that you act minimally low value in those situations。

Is bluntness or brutal honesty a low value behavior， is it a leveling behavior？

The answer is it depends and often yes。Bluntness or brutal honesty。So。

Being willing to say what you believe unapologetically。

Is a high value behavior right having knowing your opinions， being willing to express your opinions。

 that's all high value and that is something that if you're quote unquote blunt that you're willing to do right so that's all very positive。

However。there are ways of communicating things and there are ways of communicating things。

 So for any particular message you're putting out there。

 there is a unsophisticated heavyhand very it didn't just happen。

 forceful crowbar kind of way of having something happen。 And then there's a very subtle organic。

 it just happened， everybody still feels good。 the social you know the social fabric hasn't been torn way of handling it。

 So getting the same message across in a less blunt way， a less offensive way。

 a way that appears more to have just happened rather than doing like somebody dropped a bomb in the conversation is a more high value behavior。

 So bluntness is funny and calling it a leveling behavior is very kind of appropriate in a way because the fact that you're able and willing to be blunt is potentially a high value thing It shows some willingness it shows some risk tolerance etc。

 some people will actually make blunt even that a low value thing in the。

Sense that they're being like， you know what， I'm so low value。 I'll just risk it anyway Who cares。

 But for the most part， state stating your mind， saying what's on your mind is is a fairly high value behavior。

 But saying it in a way which is blunt or unrefined or super obvious and and kind of like。

Gets more emotional friction than necessary is a low value social behavior so in that sense that combination of a high value behavior with a low value behavior。

 very much you could say that being blunt is a leveling behavior in those kind of contexts because it's not going to make you maximally charismatic。

 not going to make you maximally persuasive， it's not going to increase your positive social feedback。

 all those different things。So yeah， there's the willingness to do it and then the having the technique to do it and really good game is the combination of the two。

 that inner game willingness， but then also mix with the technique to do it the right way when you do it。

How come some very charismatic people are very quiet and soft spoken。

 He says celebs like Prince Krkcobein or Basquiat come to mind。

 So I don't know too much about those particular people。

 So I'm not like an expert on on them in particular。But what I can say。Is that。Um， generallyen。

With any communication， less is more。 So if you're going out there trying to tell somebody something。

 that's less powerful than if they're asking you for it and then you're telling them it， right。

 So if someone's digging it out of you of someone' seeking your attention。

 seekingking rapport with you， that puts you in a better position。 It puts you in a more charismatic。

 more high value position。So if you have something else you're doing well that draws attention to you。

 you can afford to be modest。 Someone asked the question before about being about if modesty's higher low value or something like that and I mentioned someone if they won the Super Bowl being humble being modest that kind of thing is the same kind of thing because Prince is celebrity right he's like great arguably great musician。

 probably probably not even arguably great musician。

 very famous and definitely has his own unique look and vibe and aura about him that definitely attracts attention and gets people actively pursuing him and asking attentions Kirkco Bayin obviously a famous musician as well and then Bosque is a famous artist。

So number one， and I don't know even like Bosque did during his life how famous he was。

 or I don't know his story on that。 So I that was before my time。

 I think hopefully he's not a recent artist。 and I just like leveled myself by not knowing art。

 but in any case。If someone is pursuing your attention already。

 then things do get a lot easier and it's a good idea to sit back like when I go on dates。

Oftentimes the girls already agreed to a date with me。

 I don't go in trying to impress the girl and trying to carry the conversation。

 I go in chilling laying back and letting her game me。

 And so if you do have enough social capital to have people chasing。

 that actually can be incredibly charismatic because it's the least try hard way of conveying things about yourself。

 The problem is you need some massive hook in order for that to happen in this case。

 celebrity for these people so if you have someone hooked sitting back and being softpoken and letting them talk a lot can be very。

 very valuable problem is just getting to that point what are the signs to know if the value to comfort ratio is enough or too much for her。

😊，What you want to look at well is a couple things。 One。

 you know what you've done right And so you know what you've done in this interaction。

 you know what you've done with other girls or other people。

 and you know if you've been particularly heavyhand and done a lot of like polarizing stuff。

 you also know if you've been very， very nice。 if you've been very heavy handed in general。

 it's likely that you're going be need to be more nice in general， if you've been really nice。

 it's likely you may need to polarize a little bit more。 So one， even beyond calibrating to the girl。

 you can just know from assuming that the girl is a typical human being。

 what has worked for you in the past for typical human being is that'll give you a good。

 very general roadmap right it's gonna to be some kind of a mix。Beyond that。

 you want to look at her reactions。 Does she seem to be on edge。

 Like if she seems to be very on edge， nervous， etc ceter， But responding to you。

 that means you a lot of value， but she's， you know， not feeling very comfortable。

 If on the other hand， she's getting a little bit complacent。

 She was qualifying herself to And now she stopped or she was wasn't giving you hard time And all of a sudden the shit says to starts springing up again。

 Those are all signs that maybe your value is dropping。 She's getting a little too comfortable。

 a little too complacent。 you need to bump the value again。 So you want to watch。

H on that dynamic and watch number one what she's doing now。

 But also watch how it's changing over time。 You want to catch the trends before they become huge。

 So if she's like was very on eggshells and you start being nicer and she starts getting more complacent。

 You don't want to let her it get completely complacent and then try and rebuild your value。

 you'd rather rebuild it as soon as you start noticing that little bit of complacent。

 So instead of like calibrating all over the place like this。

 you'd like to be a little microcalibrations like this where it' it's almost no movement。Okay。

 so the smaller you can calibrate and the sooner you can catch it。

 you're gonna make smaller actions sooner rather than bigger actions later is what you're going for。

 But yeah， you can you can assume the ratio is similar to what it's been in the past。

 and that's a good general guide and then be paying attention to how she's reacting and more importantly。

 how she's changing in her reactions。 How are her reactions evolving as you change your behavior That's gonna be one of your best indicators for where you're at do women really have their own values or do they always follow the crowd or the strongest frame Girls usually freaky in bed。

 All women I know seem lefty and feminist shit test instead actually believing it。嗯。

So JP recognize feminism is one big shit test， what do you think？Yay。

That that's not a charge question for me to answer at all。Okay。

 do women really have their own values or they always follow the crowd of the strongest frame， Yes。

 women have their own values。 Yes， women are their own people， yes。

 women can think for themselves so they answer all those things， yes。

 the real question would I would ask is do the typical people even have their own values or they always follow the crowd of the strongest frame and the answer is no they don't。

 but they do a lot。So people have their own values， but they also do follow strong influences。

 They do follow strong leadership。 They do follow high value people as do you in general。

 right if you're around someone who is high value， you're going feel a natural urge to do things similar to them。

 You're gonna feel a natural urge when they say something about themselves for you to be oh， me too。

 here's the similarity we have that's a natural urge when you're feeling that someone else has high value。

 Now， if you learn game， you know， that's bad like a low value behavior or leveling or something like that。

 you may refrain from doing it， you may stop yourself。But there's going to be that urge。 Remember。

 attraction is not a choice and responding to value is not a choice。 However。

 how you respond to it or how you choose to to work with that is。 right。

 And so that's what social pressure， basically， social pressure is， the conflict between。

How you view the world。 And then there's this other strong influence that is putting forward a different view of the world。

 And， you know， sometimes you just say no and you keep your view。 Sometimes you say， you know what。

 that makes sense and you go with it and you completely just go。 And oftentimes， very often。

 it's some kind of a compromise。 And oftentimes there's some things you believe very strongly you're unwilling to compromise on。

 there's some things you just don't care that much about and you're willing to compromise on that。

But to take the idea that people are just like automatic respondents to to stimulus is not accurate。

 We are more complex than that。 We are going to definitely feel attraction like for the things track us we are definitely going to notice the things that are valuable and of value to us。

 but we do have a lot of free will and how he interpreted。

 And remember I brought up the conscious and comfort factors right where a girl will feel that a guy has value。

 but she'll be responding through the lens of what she's learned socially and through the value she was taught and through the the the。

The the lens or the parameter of pastor leadership she's had and how those have formed her and what she's afraid of and what has worked well for her Oh so basically do people have free will。

 Yes people have free will， they are living in a a crucible。 they're living under pressure。

 they're living with different forces pulling at them and that will affect how they you know how they exercise that free will and to what extent and some people are more susceptible to social pressure than others some people are less susceptible to social pressure So it all depends。

 but everybody's reactions will be some mix of who they internally have decided they are and then the social situation they're put into but the person does factor in。

 we are not mindless respondents to to whatever。 Derek is the perfect example of a high value archetype who makes the other RSD instructor look like fags can give us any insight into how to achieve this cult leader status。

All right， so first of all， I'm not going to disparage anybody for a number of reasons I'm not a big fan of disparaging people in general and also I'm really not a fan of disparaging anyone who I'm currently in a lawsuit against because I don't want to complicate legal matters So that said I'm not about to disparage anybody from anybody or any company what I will say。

Is and this is not specific to one person。 This is a general thing。

 be very careful about believing the hype about anybody okay be very。

 very careful about that when someone has put out a particular narrative about themselves or someone has put out a particular like PR story about themselves or is conveying themselves in a certain way。

 etc， be careful because the proof needs to be in the pudding and that you need to have demonstration of that and the more extreme someone's perception is the more you should question it。

 not to say that there can't be people who are extraordinary。

 not to say that there aren't people that just absolutely stand out。

 but the more extreme the claim someone is making the more scrutiny they should be placed under。

And I have my own views and opinions of various people within that company because of having been in that company and I will say that my views of some of those people are probably more positive than yours and my views of some people in there are probably more negative than yours so you know I have my own views probably I would assume more information than you have but they're just my views they're just my views and some people may resonate more with one person or with another person or something else like that but what I will say is really really think hard before believing the hype I will tell you that。

I've met a lot of people that are great teachers and great role models and things like that in my life。

 but anyone who has ever claimed to be like the be all end all greatest， bigger than life， etcter。

Maybe you learn things from them， maybe you take good things from them certainly。

 and maybe the aura that they've used to create that and the skills they've used to create that are a further thing you can take from them as a lesson。

 but just be really careful of buying the hype unless you have direct firsthand evidence of things it's on a signals right it's very easy to create a story if you have the motivation and intention and time to piece together a story and there are people that are very very good at that in general。

Take take the lessons from people and definitely it's okay to have role models but try not to think that any person walks on water。

 try not to think that any person is a role model for everything in life even the most amazing people that I have met have many flaws and when when I've met them。

 I've certainly taken things from them and certainly learn from them。

 but I have yet to meet the person who I would want to completely switch lives with on every aspect like everybody has their flaws。

 everybody has their issues and also some people who you may have lesser opinions of may actually be actually better or of higher quality or higher value than others you may have higher opinions of sometimes maybe they just didn't market themselves as well or they market themselves in a way that was less resonant for you or whatever。

So I would say don't buy the hype quite so readily， but think to yourself。

 what can I learn from this person and also think to yourself。

 what did this person do to make me buy the hype and can I learn from that so that when I'm hyping myself。

 I could use the same skills。