# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：06.你的价值来自哪里：5教练的教训_5 Lessons From Coaches【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So the first coach I had like as a soccer coach in high school。

 coach of really good teams and his big thing was like accountability and execution。

 sort of like punishment in a way， and he had teams that played really well almost because you were like afraid to not play well for him。

 he was a very intimidating figure。I remember once somebody did something wrong in practice and he looked at him and he said the guy's name was Nick said Nick。

 I want you to start running， and I want you to keep running until I tell you can stop。

And when I tell you can stop running， I want you to look at me and be like no coach。

 I don't think I've run enough and I want you to run some more And that tells you a little bit about that guys。

 you know， the guy coaching mentality and coaching philosophy and what he did though。

 because almost out of intimidation but because he expected certain things and if you had a job on his team。

 you knew your job， you knew your role and you were accountable to it you would perform that role because you were scared not to。

Now， I don't want you to act out of fear， but one of the major lesson here is be accountable。

 be accountable。 know the things you're responsible for and make sure that you do your stuff。

 make sure you do your job， whether it be in a relationship in an organization first and foremost。

 do your job and then if you can go do half of a job with someone else and contribute more。

 But first and foremost， be unimpeachable in doing your job。 And if you do that。

 you already have a very solid foundation for success。

 and you can go a long way just from that your job is clearly defined or if you're managing a team the jobs are clearly defineds and people are accountable。

 that is one of the biggest things that that is lacking in many organizations and for many people。

In particular， attractive women because they can get away with it oftentimes are very unaccountable。

 but people tend to respect people who are accountable The next coach I had in high school for soccer had a very different approach but also really good and his his view so my first coach actually coach teams that that did well in state in one state championships the second coach had actually in the past coach teams that were like nationally ranked and so he had sort of a vision in his head of how he wanted the team to play。

And he didn't care how， I mean， he cared a little bit but he mostly didn't care how good the players were。

 He asked of the players that they play the way top players would and so it created some problems and some mistakes and we lost certain games that we shouldn't have and stuff like that。

 but what it did create was it created aspiration for players to live up to that that to strive and live up to that ability and it increased our peak performance。

 It increased our maximum possible output。So with the first coach。

 what we were doing was getting the most out of ourselves with the second coach。

 what we were doing was increasing the maximum we could get from ourselves right so we're increasing our maximum potential level。

 And I think the right way to approach it is a little bit of both It's a little bit of both is one make sure you're getting the most out of your current ability and make sure you perform。

 make sure you're accountable to performance on the other hand。

 you want to strive and it's okay to make mistakes with the first coach you would have been afraid to make mistakes with the second coach。

 it's okay to make mistakes as long as you made them in the right way for the right reason and for the right eventual end goal and you'd be especially very okay if you like lost some regular season games by trying things out and learn from the experience that's completely fine the most important goal is not winning it's growing because if you grow。

 you're gonna win eventually and that's how you go from like winning like focusing on winning and accountability and and execution gets you to winning focusing on growing can get you to greatness So that's。

Next that next level and that next tier okay， next lesson from coaches actually came from my father who was my first coach and this is more a coach this is more for getting the most out of other people and getting the most within an organization。

 but it also does go to getting the most out of yourself。

But what what what my dad did he coached a lot of youth teams。

 a lot of high school teams and that kind of stuff and he got state championship teams in a lot of different areas。

 a lot of different sports， even when he wasn't the most well versed in the sport because he had just good methodologies for coaching。

And one thing he did was he would always set up he would set up competitive games。

 He would coach us through competition， but he'd set up competitive games that were evenly balanced。

 and he would basically restrict or or enhance different people's abilities in order to make it balance。

 So for example， when he taught me to play chess。 he first would would play me and he'd have just like the king and his pawns against my pieces and he'd make me play that way so that even though I was a terrible player。

 it was a good even game， I had a chance of winning at a chance of losing。 And then as I got better。

 he'd add a piece， at a piece at a piece until we were playing with a full board。

 or when I used to play when I used to play soccer。

 I would train with a bunch of different levels of teams。

 I played some teams that were older than me and I had to struggle I played sometimes players that were younger than me and I was almost like an assistant coach on the team But when I would play in those situations when Id scrimage。

 my dad would make me play with like my left foot only or one touch only or something like that。

 And so that one it's a fair competition， everybody feels motivated and challenged we talked about flow and talked about state。

 So everybody feels like they're in flow。 I feel like they feels like。Have have a chance to win。

 but then also you're working on a specific thing， you're working towards growth。

 but you're also doing competition at the same time and so that's a nice balance in a training session of the two of them right so you want to set up your training。

 set up your challenges so that you have that competitive fire that being accountable and really having that will to win but at the same time you're focusing on growth because if all you focus on is winning you will sometimes stagnant you'll be afraid to take risks is my own。

My own coaching lesson for me， I've I've self- taughtaught in a lot of areas and my number one key and this is very obvious。

 and it's something I think you guys already understand because you watch my videos and I think that's what draws you to them but you want to find an edge somewhere somehow in everything I do I never want to be in a situation where I am competing on who works the hardest I don't want to be in a situation where like I'm doing the exact same exercises the exact same drills as as everybody else and or'm if I was running。

 I'm running the exact same workouts as everybody else。 I want to find an edge。

 I want to find an advantage because。There's a limit to how you hard you can work。

 There's a limit how much natural talent you have。 but if you truly find an advantage and edge。

 that's where youre gonna do the best。 So this is why I'm very meticulous about finding mentors。

 I'm very meticulous about finding good good resources， good literature。

 there's also some like sort of metacoaching things that are really。

 really good I'll mention one thing for anybody if you' this is just one example of finding an edge。

 but this is a personal edge that I've used in various areas that's very useful。

 there's a thing called Anke it's called A K what it basically is it's a flashcard program But what it does is it gives you it will give you the things you're trying to memorize or learn at space interval。

 So every time you get it right， it won't show you that thing again for a longer period time every time you get it wrong。

 it'll show it to you again sooner。 So basically it's a way of studying or learning something where you're constantly learning your memory's optimal capacity So you're not overstudying the things you already know but you're not understuing the things that are difficult and it automatically like does you're studying for you。

 And when I've applied this to learning things like free。

when I was studying for finance a lot of people study for like six months or a year。

 whatever to get like a license， like a series 7， series 65。

 whatever I studied for and passed my series 65 and like a week and a half which is like unheard of and the way I did that basically I didn't even bother with actually reading the books or any of that kind of stuff what I did is I actually just started with the test questions I put them all in anee and I just went through them and then anything I got through my own logic in figuring it out I didn't even worry about studying anything that I couldn't get then I would learn the answers and if I didn't understand the answer when I was doing it then I would go learn that stuff out of the book or then I would go research that topic so I was able to cut through tons and tons of the fluff focus on exactly what they wanted me to learn for the test and I was able to learn memorizing in the absolutely optimal way。

Right so really， really useful tool and that's first of all use that tool if there's an applicable reason for it if you're in school if you're in like something we have to memorize by all means do it。

 but even beyond that， just find an edge be seeking these different ways that you can have an advantage whether that be through better coaching。

 whether that be through better methodology etctera constant be seeking those edges and then apply them right just seeking them and like finding them in the world isn't enough but go apply those edges so perhaps the best coach I ever had at least in terms of like getting results and whatnot was I had my college soccer coach who actually had teams at one national championships and whatnot。

The thing that he did the absolute best and this is his phrase it should be demanded， not commanded。

 the thing he did is he got on any given soccer team that had been our given athletic team。

 there were always players who showed up to practice early and worked harder and stayed later and went to the gym and did extra work。

This coach， what he did is he somehow got his entire team to become those people。

 He got his entire team to be the people that showed up early， the people that stayed late， et ceter。

 what he did is he created a culture of excellence。

 he created a culture where it was considered cool to do extra work。

 and it would be considered lame and frowned upon it and it would be almost shamed if you didn't And so he created that culture around what he was doing and he basically treated being on the team as something special and he treated us even though in college and had other things。

 he treated us as professional athletes and as privileged to be part of this thing and that became an identity and became a reason that every single person on that team stepped up like every single person would be at practice half an hour early。

 every single player be training on weekend， people would be running on their own， be in the gym etc。

 And so he found a way to get the most out of us in an intrinsic way through the extrins of wanting to be a part of this team and want to be a part of this other thing。

 So if you were in a situation where we have leadership or you are creating。

Groups and teams if you can create those kind of cultures。

 create the idea that it's demanded by basically the idea is your demand it's demanded that you work this hard to stay on the team and be part of this team because everybody else is doing it but it's not commanded I'm not telling you to do it I'm not bossing you or forcing you to do it I'm not making it a chore I'm making it an opportunity for you to excel so that mentality was absolutely beautiful to me and absolutely got some of the the best results I've ever seen from from teams。

