# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：06.你的价值来自哪里：胜利意味着知道规则_8 Winning Means Knowing the Rules【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The rules absolutely matter okay and the rules can be absolutely critical so let's say you build let's say you build a business and you work your ass off on it。

 you do everything you can， you put your heart and soul into it and then you find out down the road that you didn't set up the structure properly and the whole thing can be stolen out from under you or you didn't set up the structure properly you didn't do something with all the proper licensing and then you end up in legal trouble knowing the rules matters tremendously know the rules of the game you're playing I'll give you two extreme examples of this that from my own life things that I've seen come up that were just like like heartbreaking So the first one was when was a chess player as a kid there's a couple special moves in chess there's one called castling which most people know it comes up in a lot of games。

 there's one called onpasant which fewer people know and as kids in kids tournament sometimes you run up against a kid that never seen this rule And so I was playing in the state chess championship against a kid who was actually a pretty decent chess player role。

a pretty even game I was like maybe barely ahead or something like that。

 and then he made a move and I captured his pawn with this on piissant move and he thought I was cheating and he started like crying and screaming because he'd never seen this move before and ended up losing the game because because it changed the tactics on the board And so this kid poor kid I really do genuinely feel sorry for he played and trained and worked as butt off and was probably like the best player in his chess club and all this different stuff and he just didn't know this one little dumb move and is not his fault a coach's fault。

 he didn't know it probably because how was he to know and he lost the biggest tournament of his life to that point based on some stupid technicality like the poor kid but had he just known this rule and it's such a simple thing he put in all this effort and then it all came apart because of one dumb little thing maybe another one and this is kind of like a it's kind of a funny example but kind of like a fucked up example too a situation where as in a poker game for a pretty decent amount of money like thousands of dollars on the table。

And。Ass a situation where it's on the river， all the cards have been been dealt and the last bets in and the guy who had made the bet is sitting there with the best possible hand。

 He knows absolutely he can't lose。 He has the best hand。

 And the other guy is about to throw his hand away。 So this guy wants to get paid off。

 He wants to get extra money。 So he goes， you know what。

 I'll show you one card because he knows the guy is gonna throw his hand away anyway。

 He can't get any extra money as is。 So he shows one card to try and entice the guy to show like make it look like he has a weaker hand or something like that to try and confuse the guy or get a call。

 And then what happened is he didn't know there was actually a rule in that casino。

 that if a card is exposed the hand is dead。 And so what happened is he's sitting there with the best hand。

 He was trying to get that squeeze that one extra bet out。 and he turned over his card。

 And what happened is the other guy called the floorment over and said that guy's hand is dead。

 And then he won the pot。 So the guy had the best hand by trying to get a little bit cute without knowing the rules。

 he end up losing thousands of dollars。RightSo it's very， very important。 know the rules。

 you can do all this great strategic work。 you can do all these great you things。

 but if you don't know the rules， you're gonna screw yourself over and there'ss the same thing like social rules for example。

 like if you're gonna go to a nightclub knowing the dress code if you're going to be dealing socially with a particular type of people know their customs these things make a huge difference and they're so easy they're easy groundwork to do So anything you want to be good at anything you want to work at know the rules if you want to like an example。

 knowing the rules for getting in shape would be knowing what the basic exercise are knowing how to do them so you don't get a major injury instead of going in and getting the best work plan and working your ass off and just doing that actually get good form on your exercises know the rules for not getting injured and then don't get injuries and that's gonna make a tremendous impact in your results So know the rules know the key fundamentals of what you are doings just everything comes apart if you don't relentlessly acquire knowledge and skill that's the other key to winning the key to。

Success， which again， I don't have to I'm reminding you guys but I don't think I have to tell you guys because you are here right so that's that's maybe over the top right there mentality wise another thing I want to get across to you guys and this may be kind of towards the the end of what I want to do for this session well probably after this take a quick break and then we'll come back for next session on the next session I have a special treat for you guys I have actually one of one of my coaches is going talk briefly because funny like I've been you know。

Theoretically like in game of high value for a really， really long time。

 but I'm gonna to have one of my coaches talk to you guys a little bit about his journey from being not as quite as successful in game and not quite as successful at life to becoming more of a high value guy overall。

 So he's going briefly talk to you guys at the start of it and hopefully that'll be something that's pretty relatable and pretty useful to you guys as well。

 So we're gonna come back with that in a minute。 Last little tip I want to make for you guys before going on Bto is this idea of thinking in bets And what this really is it's two things。

 One it is whenever you have a difficult situation。

 thinking about the probabilities because people will usually make an emotional decision like they think of one outcome is really bad or really like they can't contemplate it or it seems emotionally disturbing instead of thinking about here are the odds of this and here's the percentage of this and here's the odds of this and here's the percentage of this and acting rationally And most times acting rationally is gonna be your best situation。

So and this is something I won't go into too much details because I't want to do a lengthy poker metaphor。

 but generally the reason that I found why most people don't get good at poker is they learn poker emotionally。

 they learn poker by whether playing the hand felt good to them or felt bad to them as opposed to by going and thinking about it afterwards and out if they actually made the maximum amount of money on that hand or saved the maximum amount of money on the hand instead when they win a hand they usually don't think about it further because it felt good and they're losing all kinds of bets on the hand that they want and when they lose a hand oftentimes they're happy to have gotten out of it losing less when or not losing as much or something like that when in fact they misplayed the hand and they actually should have lost more with optimal play in that one hand that would have made them more in 100 other hands。

So anyway， that' that's an idea， but just this idea that you're thinking statistically and whenever you have difficult decisions。

 a good place to go is try and like assess the odds， assess the payout。

 and try and make it as rational as possible because on difficult decisions， we do tend to get very。

 very emotional。