# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：02.进化和繁殖：8.使我的工作逆向合理化【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Another example， I think this is the final example for this is backwards rationalizing my job。

 So think about my job for a girl， like the what I do for a living， right， dating coach， sure， but。

 you know， meeting girls live coach， how would a girl perceive that and how would a girl respond if she found out my job。

 Well， before sleeping with me， think about what is。😊。

Validating to her and what seems to be offering value to her life and what doesn't seem to be。

So if the girl sleeps with me， well， she's now just the next girl that my tactics and techniques worked on right。

 it doesn't seem like， you know， anything special was there it doesn't seem like she earned me so it's not exactly the most validating thing。

 In fact， the more validating thing for her would be for me to pursue her and her to reject me right that's the most validating thing is this guy who has gotten all these girls is pursuing me and I rejected him right so her validation is best served by rejecting me。

That's not a good situation to be in。And this makes it very， very hard to you know。

 to game once that's been the case， it changes game fundamentally。

 there are a lot of adaptation you need to make and it does become just more difficult on the other hand。

Once a girl has slept with me and then if I tell her what my job is at that point like me we just have fun。

 we we keep it like keep it casual， I'm like， hey， listen。

 I don't want to like I don't want to talk about work and I just want to have fun， whatever， etc。

 we sleep together。 And then now she finds out about my job。Now what happens。 Well。

 now she's already slept with me。 So my techniquess already worked if they're techniques。 right。

 So now she has a choice that she can either be the next girl I sleep with and then never see again or I can she can be the girl I who actually keeps me when I could go meet other girls。

 And now her validation， how it's a win for her is the opposite。

 now keeping me around has become a win。 So now， instead of like， like you know。

 playing games with me and not sleeping with me as the win。

 now keeping me around becomes a win a girl gets very， very attached very， very deeply。

 So the exact same information。 My job means one thing before sex means something completely different after sex。

 And one makes it extremely difficult for us to actually form relationship ship or have any kind of depth that makes it very。

It makes it creates distrust almost whereas afterwards it creates a lot more connection。

 a lot more rapport， a lot more intimacy it is very funny how the context changes the perception of this one particular thing okay。

So that's a little glimpse into some of the phenomenon of value。

 some of where value comes from the idea that has to come from evolution。

 some of these little quirks in human nature and perception of value。

