# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：04.如何传达高价值：7.你个人的叙述是什么_7 What’s Your Personal Narrative【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So this brings me to a huge question in game and a huge question for a lot of guys。

 which is what is your。Unique value proposition。 What is it that you are presenting to the world that you can do better than anybody else。

 What is it that you're presenting that makes you stand out from other guys， But in a positive way。

 Remember again， the that same metaphor， Steve Virkle， Carlton Bank， Will Smith， right。

 not fitting in， fitting in， standing out。So if you have a low value proposition。

 you're going to be Steve Ele， that's a unique low value proposition right If you have a nonun value proposition。

 you're going to be Carlton Bank。 you have some value。

 some girls will respond to it if you happen to particularly be their blueprint and you do that thing well。

 but you're competing in an area where almost every single guy is doing it So you're playing the hardest possible game in the world。

 you're trying to win on money and looks and these things that that game that everybody's playing right It's a very hard game to play。

Whereas if you go Will Smith now you're standing out， you're playing your own game right take take。

 for example， again， I'm gonna go deep on the show so to speak。

 but take Will Smith at like the Beverly Hills High School or the be Air High School。

 sorry So he's in Bell Air， all these kids are these like stuffy rich kids。

 at least according to the show and he's the one who stands out Now there are some girls that may be offended by it。

 But for any girl that particularly likes the guy that's willing to stand out。

 likes the guy that's willing to have some you know have be a little more you know cocky Ca turn his jacket inside out where a little more colors that kind of stuff for the girl that likes that blueprint for the girl that responds to that。

 he is the only one in that school doing that。 he is one of a kind he's not one of 100。😊。

RightAnd so for his target audience or for girls that are responsive to that that behavior。

 he is a unique value proposition， not a non unique or commoditized value proposition So what is your personal narrative。

 What do you do well， What are you passionate about What do you love。

 What experience have you had that nobody else has had， What are your values。

 all of these things are part of your personal narrative。

 part of your unique value proposition and oftentimes what a unique proposition should be in order to be valuable is a mix of other valuable qualities So you could try and play the rich guy everybody's playing that you could try and play the in shapepe guy everybody's playing that。

You could be the rich in shape guy。 There are fewer people playing that， but there's still a lot。

 right， But if you are， say， for example， the rich in shaped artistic guy。 now， all of a sudden。

 you're playing a different game。 now of a sudden。You're playing a game where there are far few people playing and for a girl who likes the artistic guy but still emotionally on an evolutionary level responds to the guy who's in shape and the guy who has resources because those are evolutionary triggers but you're the artistic one now that girl for her you're a very unique proposition or at least you're a more unique than if you're only the other two does that make sense so。

You want to be unique， but of value。 That's the question。

 What high value traits do I have that are unique， not low value unique traits。

 not high value fit in traits。 What is unique to me， And again。

 it doesn't have to be that you're the only person in the world doing it。

 What happens is as you combine traits， the， the possibilities get exponentially fewer of being the same as someone else。

 right， So the let's say that like。Let's say that each trait one person in four has right。

 and let's say you have。Let me just try and do this let's say you have a group of。

 let's say you have a group， I think 16 will work well for this， I'm just guessing。

 but let's say each person you have you have four four traits and you have 16 people if each person has one has。

You know， each person has a one in four chance of each trait if you pick only one trait。

There are four people in that group that have you know， the same traits as you。

 and that's out of a very tiny group you're fitting in， you're not unique at all。

If you choose two traits， I believe on average there would be only one of you right because be four times4。

1 and41 and4 I don' I don't know I didn't do the math on this exactly I'd have to think about if that's right but I believe you'd be one of a kind in that group of 16 but it's a pretty small group if you chose two traits if you chose three traits you would definitely be one of a kind and I think you'd be one of a kind in a group of 64 as well so the point is it's exponential I hope I did the math right on that I'm not gonna double check myself stats sometimes you got to up forward sometimes you' be inverted I think I do it right in any case the point is that you're exponentially reducing the number of people that are similar to you with every unique trait you add into the mix and the more unique to trait is the better off so adding the artistic trait is better than adding I'm trying to make money trade although if you have that by all means do it and again you're standing out by being the best version like high value and then the best version so for example the guy who is in good shape and has money。

And his artistic is way better than the guy who is out of shape has no money and is artistic because now it's unique but is not empirically high value right The guy who is just artistic。

 who doesn't have any money and isn't in shape。 a lot of times he like he's artistic to make up for something or he's artistic because that's the only thing he can do or that's what he is whereas he has a shit together。

 He's in shape。 He could totally get a normal job。 He could totally succeed in that typical way。

 but he chose to be artistic now that's uniquely high value right So that's what you're trying to do is that that thing where you you have you've shown the ability to be high value but you've made it your own and that's what you're trying to do Okay and same thing with anything else with any other trait you're gonna have。

So pick the traits that are unique to you， pick the traits that arere selling points to you Ially。

 what you want to do is you want to find generally valuable traits and combine them。

 But if there is something truly unique to you， great。

 if there's a value that you have that nobody else has， great。

 if you're great at teaching somebody something great。

 whatever you do well accentuate it and then make sure you're covering your base so that if someone is liking you for this trait。

 they can also justify that you're generally high value on top of it。😊。

