# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：12种常见的吸引力原型_12 Common Attractive Archetypes【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

One is kind of the bad boy。 the guy who breaks rules is a very common attractive archetype。

 If you have any of those kind of qualities， by all means， share it。 if you're an achiever。

 if you're a guy who's been successful and achieve things in life， that's an attractive archetype。

 make sure to show those things。 hopefully in a non bragging way right So if you have that archetype。

 maximize it， use it。If you are like I call the socialite connector archetype。

 if you're good with people good at making connections， good at getting doing small talk。

 good at running events， good at like showing up at events。

 that's an archetype and that's useful if you're good at that maximize it， utilize it。

 put that on play that's kind of like the being popular is your form of value in a way。

beinging ruggedly self sufficient is a good archetype like the the guy who you know。

 like can can make his own fires the guy who could let live in the wilderness， the guy who。

Just is is tough and doesn't like let the world get to him and doesn't seem to need anybody else in general is very very good and again we talked about being self- sufficientufficient as one of the keys to value so this being the rugged self-sufficient guy is a very good thing if you have that in whatever way。

 accentuate that quality。And then another one that I'm going to throw out there is what I call like the emotional drug dealer This is the person who knows how to work with validation right this is kind of like some of the gameiness you know how to disqualify someone you know how to tease someone you know how to praise someone in a meaningful way and you can give someone those those emotions that they want so that's another common attractive archetype that works and a lot of people you'll find to be a combination of some of these archetypes right so for example。

 a promoter might be a combination of bad boy and socialite connector as an example right or。😊。

Maybe if there's a and。An athlete who is known for being particularly tough and knowing for being kind of like stoic。

 he might be the achiever and also the rugged self sufficient guy。

 and maybe that is making him very very attractive。

