# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：02.进化和繁殖：7盗窃价值_6 Dumb Luck Responsiveness【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Okay， next one。 This is one I absolutely love。 This is what I call the dumb luck response。

 This is just a name I came up for this。 but a couple things。

 and there's two areas of this and they both have to do with a bartender in my example。

 but it occurs in all kinds of areas of life。 So let's talk about bartenders。

 Why are bartenders perceived as attractive people in in bar and club life。 Why does that happen。😊。

Is a bartender like a particularly like super desirable job Did he go to years of college to get it。

 does he have like a ton of special skills， not really， I mean。

 he went to bartending school probably maybe sometimes yes。

 sometimes no even he knows how to mix drinks and in general。

 they hire people that are relatively personable for it and like congruent with the image of the club so they're hiring like a slightly cool person but is bartender or should bartender be a really high status job。

 probably not， but a lot of girls get serious， serious crushes on bartenenders at the bar whether they act on them or not or whatever。

So why is that， why is it that bartenders get this this level of attraction well。

 here's what's happening at the bar。Especially in a crowded bar。

 so you have maybe one bartender and six or seven people trying to order a drink and they're trying to get his attention。

And he is methodically slowly going about dealing with them。

 They appreciate him when he does deal with them， they pay him for dealing with them。 right。

 And then， you know， and then more people come to clamor for his attention throughout the night。

 So when a girl is watching this。Logically， in the 21st century。

 she knows that the bartenendder is just doing his job， but emotionally what is she seeing。

 She's seeing everybody responding to this guy。 She's seeing everybody seek this guy's attention and this guy be very selective about who he's giving his attention to。

 He's seeing everybody appreciate this guy and this guy ignore everybody else or not ignoring him fully。

 but seem to be ignoring them more than they're ignoring him， right， paying less attention to them。

 And yet it's working out well for him。 he's getting away with it， etc ceter。

 So this makes him be perceived as higher value and actually can make girls get kind of unreasonable crushes on bartenders。

 even if they've never talked to him and never even interacted with him。

 So that's dumb luck responsiveness number one。Dumb luck responsiveness with a bartener version2 is this。

 Let's say you're out at a bar and you meet a girl and you've been talking for a little bit and she's like semihed right but it's at a point where standing in one place isn't really the right thing and deepening the conversation by buying some more time for yourself will be a good move and maybe even she's with her friends。

 And so by going to the bar you're able to get away from the friends and get a one on one conversation where maybe you can escalate So there's all these good reasons to take a girl to the bar。

You walk the grill over to the bar with the idea of getting a drink and you run into the scenario I just talked about。

 which is one bartender or a few bartenders and a lot of people trying to get drinks from a few bartenders。

 so everybody's clamoring for their attention。Question is what happens to you in this situation Well。

 what happens to you is you're in a weird spot because if you。

 if you don't try and get the Bartens's attention， there's 10 other guys who are or guys and girls and they're going to get his attention because they're trying and he just is trying to be efficient and trying to serve the people that are trying to buy drinks。

 so he just being natural is going to sort of ignore you。😡，And what's the girl gonna to see。

 she's gonna to see you getting ignored and it's gonna to make your value go down。

 And the longer you stay there and haven't gotten a drink， you're gonna to seem incompetent。

 you're gonna to seem like you invite her for a drink。

 and then you don't even know how to get a drink。 And that's gonna make your value go down as well。

 And so it's pure dumb luck But standing there is making your value go down。

 But you're also in the situation at that moment where if you just try and get the bartender's attention and don't get it's even worse。

 And also if you try and get the bartender's attention to ignore the girl unless she's pretty hooked already she may get bored or it may down the interaction a little bit。

 So there's this weird situation where you know， it's not your fault。

 It's just a fucked up situation， but you're actually losing value just because you're in this unusual situation。

 And this idea of dumb luck responsiveness。There's tons of it that occurs in life right there's a reason why like say for example。

 you have a restaurant that's managed by a guy whos his like 30s or 40s that you know shouldn't you know it's not really a particularly successful job for him at that point in life maybe it's kind of a low end restaurant or whatever and then you have like the staff working there that's like know 1819 year old girls181920 year old girl stuff like that and normally in life they'd be like oh burnout loser to this guy but because he's her manager at the restaurant and because she's at the restaurant and she sees him giving orders and everybody obeying everyone responding to him。

 she will instinctively tend to develop a attraction for this guy who logically it doesn't make as much sense。

 this is another situation of that dumb luck responsiveness because you're a leader in a situation because people are responding to in a particular situation。

You're getting way more attraction than you really should under normal circumstances or more attraction than logically would seem to make sense。

