# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：06.你的价值来自哪里：3种情景_3 Scenarios【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Thing that we did as a a kind of a challenge for you guys is scenarios。

 There's gonna be a few of these。 I'm gonna do a few scenarios now。

 And then there's a few scenarios later on that I think are interesting situations。

 And the the question here is。How do we take these ideas of being high value in game and apply them or not apply them because sometimes the game concept。

 only certain aspects of it should be applied and certain aspects should be left to game you don't want to be flirting with our nagging and your boss sometimes。

But how can we apply these scenarios or sorry apply these skills to different scenarios？

So let's look at these scenarios， I'm going to answer kind of briefly how I might handle these in a high value way。

 some of it might be very intuitive and obvious some of it may not be so obvious。Negotiating array。

 this is a very interesting scenario negotiating raise。

 and the first thing I want to say here is that the difference between this and cold approach game there are many but one major difference is that you have an established relationship so if you have an established relationship with a boss or with a company that's different than going up completely cold and starting everything from scratch So a lot of negotiating arrays should have been done well before you're actually negotiating the raise you will have put in you know your groundwork ahead of time。

 and that's what's gonna to get you there so you can't do absolutely awful work then and have the boss disappointed with you and almost on the point of firing you and then you walk in a negoti a raise and you're such a great negotiator you get the raise So the longer you are with a person。

 the longer you're in a relationship with the person whether to be business or personal or whatever the more that person's evaluation of you is going to be based on your actual performance rather than the social triggers。

To go back to the metaphor from yesterday， we talked about how in any situation。

 you're just noticing certain elements of the situation。 Well， the longer you've known someone。

 the more you're gonna notice the situation as a whole。

 you're gonna notice more and more elements to become familiar with more and more elements So the vision the impression you're to have with someone is going to be much more holistic。

 So a lot of negotiating or raise is going to happen beforehand and you better have at least a generally positive assessments at the time you're going in there because if you're going in and the boss is already angry at you and already annoyed with you and trying to negotiate a raise。

 that's not going to fly So that's number one is doing your groundwork ahead of time。

If I were to go in and negotiate a raise there are kind of better and worse ways to do it that hey。

 I think I need to be paid more is one way to go and if you've clearly done such an amazing job and you are almost like you know being paid exploitatively for the job you've been doing because maybe you got hired for one role and your role is expanded a lot or something like that that hey I need to be paid more could work but even in times when it would work。

 it's probably not going to maximize， it's probably in a situation where you're definitely going to get the raise there probably is a more effective way to negotiate for a better raise or a raise that's more in terms and stuff like that and the key concept I'm going kind of put out there and this is going to be useful for a lot of these scenarios I'm going to talk about is the concept of getting to know the other person's blueprints or getting to know what the other person finds a value first right so。

If you know， for example， that you've done really good work， you could go in and you could ask。

 you know， start off by asking how your work's been and you know if there's if there's other things that you know that you know that that you could do that kind of stuff any other ways you can help out that kind of stuff and then you can start tying that other help to your raise or maybe better yet because that's that's still a little little obvious and it actually runs the risk of getting you saddled with more responsibility without getting the raises itself so you want to be careful of that。

But what you might do is you might say listen， I want to want to talk and see how I can know help out and do more here and I wanted to just talk to you and see you as the know running this company what your biggest priorities are and what the things that you think if we were to achieve them would make the most difference I just want to put my efforts where they matter the most and I want to do the most for the company and so you get to talking to talking to the boss about that。

 talking to him about you know what it is he wants。

 what it is he could what it is he would envision that would make the company better and you kind of。

In a sense， sell him on the vision。 sellll him on the idea of， you know this。

These are the different things that that could work etcter and say okay cool I'd love I'd love to help you out with that and then you talk about you know the extra the resources you'd need for that I。

e。 like yeah I'd obviously be putting in more hours so I'd definitely need to get you know Id need to be compensated for that but I definitely think you know this would do this this and this or maybe you know I'd be doing some more hours so we might need someone else to have to take over some of my other responsibilities etc and you may be able to actually end up doing less work or something like that。

 but the key idea。Is that you are first finding out their priorities。

 First finding out what is of value to them because what's a value to them may be very different than what you think。

 And definitely we're gonna talk about win win rather than win lose later on。

 and a concept called nonze sumness。 But if you come into your boss and you say， I want to raise。

 I want you to pay me more money。 You're setting up a zero sum scenario。

 You're setting up a scenario where for every dollar you get its dollar he lost。

 That's a very bad way to arrive at the situation you want to have happen。 Instead。

 you want to set up a situation where he views giving you more as getting more for himself。 right。

 He views it as a win win。 And that's a situation where you're going get a much bigger。

So if what Todds staff is not taking notes in the thing。

 So that's a situation we were gonna get like a much bigger overall potential raise。

 But the key idea though is find out what the other person wants first right don't go in cold and just start putting your agenda out there an idea that you want them to I talked about taking the other side yesterday taking the other side and kind of getting them to to sell you you can even put up false objections or put up false obstacles for them to overcome like I'd to do that problem is I'm working on this other project etc。

 I might need you know。😊，Oh maybe we can figure something I don't know and they' oh no we could get you off that etter so if there's a way to to get them on board。

 get them participating that's good as well but the key idea and this is the one that's going come up over and over and if you take one thing away from this is find out what the other person wants first right value is subjective find out what what is valuable to them is how to best navigate a friend's party right like so it's a social circle situation you're trying to be the high status guy or you're trying to meet a girl at the party or something along those lines like how would you go about doing it so that's the question here。

And again， I want to differentiate from a cold approach scenario because a lot of what you guys may have been taught from me and heard from me is in a cold approach scenario。

 and this situation with the cold approach is a few kind of limitations and and proviss in a cold approach One。

 if you don't make an impression on someone you're never gonna to see them again that's not the case at a friend's party2 is you're acting without consequence because if you mess up you're not gonna to see them again。

 that's not true at a friend's party either So what you want to do in these situations。

 these more social situations is you want to be a little more indirect about what you want you want to be again offering value in general before you just straight go in and go after what you want。

 So if you showed up at a friend's party， you saw a hot girl there and you just went straight in and try to talk only to that hot girl and ignore everybody else at the party。

 including your friend who invited you for example。

 that would be a very poor strategy for a number of reasons。

 One you would be offending certain people at the party you'd be like like be affront to your friend and three。

 it would look。Agendaed and very obvious and people would see exactly through what you're doing。

And they might even like talk to the girl about it or like be like or give give give shit to you in front of the girl or something like that that would actually derail you。

 especially if this girl is is hot and maybe in demand by some other guys and stuff like that。

So going super direct probably not a good idea they're also using things like canned lines on various people that are the same line on different people。

 probably a really bad idea， things like creating a big scene in front of everybody。

 probably a bad idea what you would like to do in this party scenario typically assuming you're at a party is going go for several hours that kind of stuff。

Would be your goal， it may or may not actually happen this way。

 but your goal should essentially be to be introduced to the people at that party。

 whether it be if it's a girl or a social connection or someone in business or whatever。

 but did we to be introduced to the person you want to meet on favorable terms now that may or may not happen。

 you may have to actually end up approaching them anyway。

 but you should be making that your goal from the get go so you should start out。

 maybe go talk to the host， go talk to the people invited you get to know the people that they're talking to。

 get introduced， just start building your social array。

 start building the social connections you have and start just having fun at the party。

And if you can do that in the vicinity of the person who you'd like to meet。

 persons or people you'd like to meet so much the better， right？So if you， you know。

If you're in the same room as them or if you can like if you have a friend who happens to be in the same circle as them and you can talk to that friend。

 you just want to find a way to be offering value to the party， bringing fun。

 being a positive influence and hopefully like if you are drawing essentially yourself drawing essentially yourself in a positive way and then kind of just like。

Orbiting the circles closer to where you eventually want to be if at all possible。😡。

If if you just can't do that， if you just don't have that bridge or that connection。

 well now you might be in a situation where it becomes a little bit more like a cold approach。

 but even then the fact that you're at a party， there still is a lot more in common。

 there's still a lot more realm for a casual conversation you don't have to do as much as quickly and you don't have to you know display nearly the kind of like premise or mans woman nature that you would in another situation because if you're friends with the same people and you become friends。

 there's a decent chance you can orchestrate a way to hang out again without it having to be so much pressure on that one interaction and then finally if things are going really well with someone at a friend's party again。

 whether it be a girl or someone you want to have a more close connection with or something like that。

In that case， what you'd like to do is isolate away from the party a little bit one way or another for a little bit of a one on one conversation or one on one time。

 so maybe like take a walk out in the backyard or go grab a drink together or something like that and now you have a one on one and certainly especially if you're going to attend the same parties with the same people over and over again。

 you don't want to be blatantly escalating at the parties you'd like to like go somewhere else for that so you don't get a negative reputation for yourself。

But the key thing with like a friendss party is play it slow。

 enjoy the conversation and the vibe with the people you already know。 And sometimes by the way。

 at a friends party， you don't have to be meeting new people。 you can like have an objective。

 You can just enjoy the party too。 That's completely fine。 And that's easy to do。

 The reason I talked about the idea of having an objective at the party or having someone you want to meet because that's the difficult scenario。

 If you just want to enjoy the party， just go enjoy the party and that's completely fine。

 A lot of guys that like learn game or learn pick， think that you can never do that and you absolutely can。

😊，And in fact， that builds for the future as well， but then yeah。

 don't don't be escalating very publicly， don't be， you know， being， you know， that guy at the party。

Similar idea， which is networking。 So it's， it's kind of a similar idea。

 The question I would really ask there is。Are you at like a networking event per se or are you just networking in general because if you're at a networking event。

 there's gonna to be a lot more expectation of people mingling if people are to be like very receptive mingling and they're gonna to expect having shorter interactions and don't necessarily want you to monopolize their time unless there's a really good connection whereasas if you're just at a normal event networking it's gonna be a little bit similar to the friends' party thing where you're just kind try to like make those social connections and get into conversations think of networking a little bit like doing game without premise or without like mandawo premise it's actually technically different premise but just be very conscious and be very aware of the scenario and the most important thing is to take action especially if it's a situation or scenario like designed for networking in that case the most important thing you can do is just do it。

 just talk to people don't be shy， just start conversations because most of the people are walking around wishing they could start a conversation with someone and feeling shy and lame and awkward themselves So you're probably helping them out just by even saying hi is discussing an open relationship and I will say there is a great。

Free resource for this so I'm going to refer you to that first and then I'll give you just a couple notes。

 but the great free resource resource for this is if you go to a YouTube video called the relationshipship manifestifto。

 there's a whole section there on discussing open relationship but the points I do want to make related to value for this presentation。

😊，Or that。When you're discussing the nature of relationship。

 whether it be an open relationship or any relationship， you have a choice of when to do it right。

 so you have a choice of trying to be， hey， are we what are we to each other， Are we boyfriend。

 Are we girlfriend from the very start， Are you have the choice of just being a high value guy and just giving a good experience of other person and leaving it largely undefined And typically。

 the more you can just be that high value guy and leave it undefined And then they eventually come to you because they're feeling closer to you。

 they want more from you， That means that you're going into that conversation under the best possible terms。

 You're going into that conversation with them liking you the absolute maximum。And because of that。

 you're going be know， much better off than if you had gone into that situation from less of a favorable terms and trying to be the one like。

 hey， can we be something to each other？ So that's my major thing here。 again。

 for the whole speech I give on open relationships and all that kind of stuff。

 I don't want to do it here because it take a while。 and it is available for free on YouTube。

 So check out the relationship manifesto speech for that？

 But the big thing I want to mention here that's more applicable generally is that for any situation where you're defining a relationship or defining terms or having a negotiation。

The setup matters a lot who's coming to who， What is the。Fraaming of the conversation。

 all those kind of things matter， so pay some attention to that and make sure that you're starting the negotiation on your own terms。

