# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：詹姆斯五世的故事_1 The Story of James V【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey guys， what's up， we are back as promised Ive brought with me James。

 he's one of my instructors has' been traveling around the world with me for about a year and a half coaching a crazy amount of students and before that he had his own kind of journey to personal development success with the women becoming a high value guy all those kind of things was just fortunate enough to be a small part of with him having been a student of mine before that as well I wanted to bring him on here as someone who has gone through this journey of increasing his value very rapidly also recently and just talk about some of the things that have been really key for him and things that have helped him out the absolute most So I just want to start out James can you give us just an idea of just your background before you before you found game before we met up that kind of stuff we know where you're coming from and then we'll get an idea about you know the lessons you've learned and things that I got from there yeah so I guess prior to。

Learning about game and prior to you know， discovering game。

 discovering this was like an area of your life you could improve。The best。

 the best way to kind of like summarize where I was was like。

 I was this guy who had a very small amount of success。

 but it was all things that just fell into my lap。 Like any of the。

 any of the results I had with girls， it was mostly due to like。

Like people that I was hanging out with social circles that I was like part of and stuff like that。

 but I was very rarely creating opportunities for myself。

 I was very rarely like in control of those opportunities it was basically like okay X girl like me because you know。

 I was there hanging out with these people and then I just managed to like fumble my way into a situation that worked and because of that。

Out of the small amount of， and I say， very small， like amount of successes that I did have。

The amount that I lost and the amount of like frustrations and things that just didn't work out for me was massive。

 massive， like way more than the success I had。And because they had zero understanding of game of value of。

 you know， what's the difference between a high value man versus a low value man like and how to portray that。

 like because they didn't have any understanding of that。

I would have the the situations that didn't work out for me and I didn't understand why。

 you know what I mean the biggest thing for me was like I was this guy and。I definitely。

Had times where I looked around， looked at who I was as the person I was like。

 you know I'm a guy that should be doing well with girls like I should like I'm a guy like I you know believe that I was a pretty decent guy。

 but for whatever reason it just wasn't working out so I was like you know like。

What is it that I need to change， why is this not working out for me？And then yes。

 I discovered gain like accidentally， I think like most like a lot of people do。

Found it on like an online forum and got pretty addicted to learning about I was like， wait。

 you mean like people actually talk about this stuff like you mean this is like actually a thing。😊。

And then yeah， I got pretty obsessed with it ever since。And yeah， I guess that's where I was before。

 I mean， at this point。I guess this would be coming up to like my eighth year in game since I've first discovered it since that aha moment of this is a thing。

And。Yeah， I mean， like it， I， I had my ups and downs， of course。

 Like I had my times where like things were going really well。 And。

 and I had some little success in stuff like that。 But definitely。

 it took me a while to get to the point where it was really clicking for me， mostly because of。😊，嗯。

Mostly because of the confusion they had along the way。

 because of kind of the resources that I was learning from and just the way that I was going about things。

 I think once we met each other once they came on program I was doing a pretty decent job but there was still a lot of kind of confusion around certain areas。

 so for me after that point was when things like really， really skyrocketed。Gotcha， I gotcha。

 So you've been doing this for like eight years a long time and you've obviously come a long way in that time。

 And I'm sure there were you know hundreds， if not。

 even thousands of little touch points along the way that made all that difference。

 I'm gonna ask you a really tough question you're tough questions you came on here if you were to look back at your original that you know before you learn game and when you were getting just a sporadic results and very haphazard if you could give yourself like just like three to five pointers and you couldn't like sit down and take yourself on a boot camp。

 you couldn't like you know work with yourself as a mentor for years or anything like that if you could give yourself just a few points what do you think and this may not be the same for every except has different sticking points what are a few of the things you would have told yourself or would have given to yourself to nudge you in that right direction if you couldn't have other coaching you had to figure out for yourself with just a few waypoint a few waypoint for sure First thing for sure。

 I would say。I made a lot of mistakes and I'm sure a lot of other guys make a lot of mistakes because they are afraid of failure。

 they're afraid of what's going to happen if this goes wrong。

And if you were to change that mindset to。Instead of thinking what's going to happen if it goes wrong。

 think what can happen if it goes right and just try to fumble my way in the right direction。

 that would make a really， really big difference definitely like。

I can even think about like plenty of times where I just it's not even though I stuffed it up。

 it's that I didn't try you know what I mean and I didn't try because I was thinking I was too afraid of the failure as opposed to thinking about the success so that mindset shift is like very。

 very important。嗯。😊，I guess that's like a mindset level。

From a practical level definitely like looking at things that you can do that will like improve your chances。

 so I mean we've probably all heard this a lot of times。

 but like like in the beginning I had horrible horrible logistics like horrible logistics so。

Obviously， being able to like。Change something like that。

 like change your logistics like for example， like living in an area where you can walk to where you're going out it's going to make a very。

 very big difference to， you know， if you have to like。

know take the subway for an hour or something like that that' would be another thing for sure like look at the areas in your life that are directly in your control and think about how you can improve that to the best of your ability。

Those two things would make a very big difference for sure but the mindset once huge mindset one very big Sure makes sense so you did you made some actual life changes in terms of getting good game。

 we actually talked just very briefly before this and you mentioned like know moving to a bigger city traveling around that kind of stuff and I think you found some benefit in that can you talk to speak to how you changing your life are changing even maybe even the changes in your life helped or maybe even just the mentality that you were willing to change your life to get good at it helped to whatever that was。

 I don't know what the answer will be for you and then when you speak to for people who can't do that for people who maybe their jobs in a particular area or you they are still living at home or who knows whatever what they can do to get some of that same effect that you got from expanding your horizons and that growth that you've experienced F one of the biggest things that I did for sure was actually a career change without going into it in too much detail I came from a career of construction。

I was working in construction for like。Eight or nine years or something。嗯。And one of the things。

 one of the funniest things actually about like the whole like construction thing is that so often I found that。

😊，People in that trade and and this is by all means know like no stabb at anybody in construction。

 you know like for me， I found that there was a lot of people in that trade that thought they were really good with girls and thought that they had like。

 you know， all the right answers and all this stuff。 and actually they had no idea。

 And then on top of that it was also a lot of like。A lot of。How can I say this like。

People that were settling。For average or settling for things that they。

Like a lot of victim mentality， a lot of like I'm here because I have to be here I don't have I don't have any other choice。

 I don't there isn't that way out there is anything like that and being around that environment and being around those sorts of people I started to learn like hey。

 this isn't。This isn't where I want to be like this is this wasn't even just with women。

 this was life in general it was like this isn't where I want to be for the rest of my life like there's that saying。

 you know like if。If you look at the people that are doing your job or doing your career or whatever and you look at those people that are 10 years ahead of you is that where you want to be as well and if not you know you should do something about it and so I remember I was I was looking at that and I was like you know not only are these people not doing。

Anywhere near with， anywhere near as well with women as what I would like to be doing。

 but also like life in general， like。Could be a lot better。

UAnd it took me a while like so so I changed that up like I I ended up like I saved up a whole of money and quit my job and basically like traveled all around Europe for like a year and did like pretty crazy。

Like pretty crazy travels and stuff like that， but that was one thing that made a big， big。

 big difference。And I was fortunate enough to be in a position where I could change that I had a lot of other colleagues that were。

 for example， like they had mortgages or they had children。

 they had these like pretty serious commitments that you know you had to go and you had to go to your job。

 you had to go to work because you had these financial commitments so I was fortunate enough to be in a position where I could change that。

嗯。😊，But what it taught me was that the people that you are around is so， so， so important for。

 you know， how you think about yourself， how you think about your success， your direction in life。

And。I guess if you're in a position where you can't change that。

At least the first thing you should do is at least be aware of it。

 at least be aware that it is very important you should be very， very careful of。

The information that's， you know， being fed to you and the， you know。

 the the qualifications of the person that that has that information， for example， like I was， I was。

 I was， I remember people at my work telling me， you know， like hey， you know。

 if you want to get more girls， you should do this you know。

 when you go to the club on the weekend you should do this this and this and this was coming from like。

An excavator operator who was like overweight and like in an unhappy marriage and， you know。

 probably had been unhappily married for many， many years and he' was telling me how to get girls。

 you know what I mean， So， so yeah， one tangible thing to be aware of is be aware of that information that's。

That's coming in， be aware of who's telling it to。If you don't feel that it's， you know。

 if you don't feel that it's coming from a qualified place。

Like acknowledge it but't don't believe it you know that was something that I realized for sure and you know if you can't change your career or if you can't change your situation。

 then try to find other people or other areas where you can get the better information from or people are going to have a better a better impact on your life a better impact on your direction like you know。

 for example， like investing in like this sort of stuff like like a webinar or somewhere you're going to get good information。

That was very， very important to me for sure， gotcha。

 so speaking of being around different kinds of people since you've been working for me。

 you've been around obviously me and my coaching staff and then and our admin team and stuff and then also you've been around a lot of students and funny enough a lot of our students are very successful in other areas of life but they're you have issues in terms of social value and some are even already very good social value wise and you're working on it。

 but when you look at the students who basically let's assume that we're talking about students who are are doing less than they should in terms of social value and then you look at the coaching staff。

 which are guys that in spite of you know maybe having sometimes less educational background than some of the students we deal with are killing it in terms of social value what do you see as the biggest differences between those two groups in those two demographics in terms of either behaviors or mindsets or attitudes or any of that kind of stuff。

嗯。I think there are。Definitely some elements。 this is going to sound kind of counterintuitive。

 but it' going to sound interesting， but just bear with me。There are some elements within being。Like。

Successful in other areas like aur and stuff like that， which obviously help you a lot with women。

 but there's also some that don't。Does it makes sense。

Learning learningning the elements that convey high value to women。is obviously going to be very。

 very important， but like， you know， the work， I think that comes from being successful in your career and stuff like that you can apply that to you know。

 getting better in that other area like putting in the work to get better that's very very important。

But。For example， the way that you communicate sometimes with people in your work or the way that you communicate with like when you're talking to your boss or something like that。

 which is going to help you， you know， in your career。

 that may not be the same way that you would communicate with women， you know what I mean so。Yes。

 its like hes like we get a lot of like the very like the a lot of like the tech guys and a lot of guys that are very like。

You know， a lot of guys that are very smart with like tech and all that sort of stuff and。

But it's like those that like that the technical mentality， like that technical side of it。

It can help you with understanding， but it can't always help you with communicating does that make sense。

 sure， yeah。Sure， sure。 what do you this is again， I'm asking you tough questions。

 but what do you think are the central things that differentiate a high value guy from a guy who's not as high value。

I think behavior man I think behavior is very very important there's here's the thing right you can there's behavior there's understanding the behavior and then there's also understanding how to portray that behavior that doesn't make you come across as low value right so you can have high value behaviors or you can have high value traits within your life but then your ability to communicate that to somebody else is also very very important like so let's take this example of like。

Okay， like， for example， like being like financially well off， right。

 having a decent amount of money。 and then that's like a very。

That's a very easy you know example to make， but for example。

 the people that have more money are supposedly like the guys that you know do well with women all that。

 but the problem is a lot of the time they can't convey that correctly you know what I mean like the guy that has a lot of money that does the whole like the whole thing of like meets the go at the bar and accidentally slips out the ATM receipt that shows the bank account you know what I mean that in and of itself like just like you're displaying it in the low value way so there's that for sure。

And then there is， there is understanding the behavior and then there's understanding the way to communicate it。

 So for example， like assertiveness for me is like a very， very。

Asserttiveness for me is definitely a behavior that I。I'm aware of I think it's very。

 very high value to be assertive， but I think a lot of people get it mixed up like being assertive。

 like being able to， you know， ask for what you want being able to。

You know like make not even demands but like ask things of people but not doing it in a way that's being a dick like not being not doing it like offending people is not being assertive you know I mean so people get this idea of like okay。

 I need to be assertive I need to set my boundaries I need to you know tell people what I want but a lot of times they end up doing it in a way that like pisses people off or hurts their feelings and stuff like that so。

That's very important as well， like understanding the difference between being versus portraying。

Yeah， I think yeah， one thing about you guys， you guys on on the here won't know。

 but if you hang out around James at all， you'll know that his style of game is really calibrated。

 like incredibly， incredibly well calibrated to the point that like he's able to be polarizing enough to do really well to get attention on him and lead in that kind of stuff。

 but he also like I've never really seen him like offend people right which is is absolutely like crazy my question for you in learning game and learning to be assertive and stuff like that did you ever go like out of bounds and have to offend and learner are you always like Mr。

 calibrated。The funny thing is I believe that was。One of the elements that I was pretty good at。

Prior to learning game like social social calibration， social calibration， I think。😊。

I was relatively assertive before learning game， but after understanding game and after high value understanding high value that。

Taught me to kind of like zone in on it a bit more， you know what I mean。

 I was like a little bit aware of it and I knew that I was a little bit more like assertive。

 a little bit more kind of like loud and。Stuff like that。But once I learned game and once I learned。

 hey， this is something that's high value， I learned to tap into it more。

Like definitely of course there were times where I've offended people if I was to sit here and say。

 you know， I've gotten I've spent eight years in developing myself developing my game or actively at least anyway and have never offended any。

 but I would definitely be a lie but but yeah that was something that was a little bit more I was a little bit more aware of and I was a little bit more like。

😊，I don't say natural， but I definitely。I had some basic social skills before coming into this for sure。

 gotcha， Yeah， you know， I had like some some level of success and that kind of stuff for sure All right。

 how about in dealing with students what are the biggest low value things that students do。

 especially low value things they don't know they're doing， but any level low value ones at all。

 whether in game or even just in life in general that you see over and over again for sure。

Conveying man to woman or conveying premise or conveying like like showing that man to woman intent in a way that's blatantly chasing。

Okay， that one you see， which is it's funny because that's that's a part of learning you know what I mean like that is a part of learning so for the guy who doesn't know how to show intent for the guy who doesn't know how to make it manda woman that's going to be。

I mean， ideally better than not doing it at all， it's not ideal， it's not the ideal way。

 but if that's the path you need to go through to get to a point where you can show it in a high value way。

😡，Then that's better than not doing it all， and I do see that a bit I especially see that via text。

Guys like trying to be overly flirty， trying to be overly like manda woman。

 but just doing it in a way that's like chasing， like putting her on a pedestal。

 like conveying like hey I'm the one chasing you I see that a lot for sure。

And then behaviors in general， let me think。I'm a very。

 very strong believer that when you learn to communicate， well。

 like I see so many errors with guys delivery。Okay。

 I see a lot of errors with guys delivery that it doesn't matter what they're saying。

 it shows I'm not confident in myself， I'm not confident in myself。

 I'm not confident in what I'm saying I'm nervous about this situation， I'm nervous in general。

 and I think when guys learn。The difference between。Conveying that like shy nervousness。

 low value versus the confidence and learning the difference in that。

 like just to give you a few examples like speaking quietly versus speaking loudly。

 speaking very very quickly like speaking quietly quickly and with trying and reportality like I know for anyone that's been in game long enough obviously we've heard the tonality talk so many times but yeah've I've also seen it with my own eyes like how many times a guy will be talking to a girl and they'll be doing these errors and it's like。

And they're asking me like， what should I have said differently。

 what should I have said and it's it's。Of course that's very。

 very important you need to be able to have， you know decent in conversation skills。

 but if you can't at a fundamental level。Ptray yourself as somebody who's relatively confident in what they're saying then that's gonna to make a very。

 very big difference。 And that's something for sure that makes a difference across your whole life。

 not just when you're talking to women。 Yeah it's like you can say all the right things but if you're the wrong person saying nobody is gonna buy it exactly and that's actually something that I tell to guys like when I'm teaching them about this。

 I say， you know there's things in game that you can only practice when you're talking to women and there's things in game that you can practice in every single social interaction that you have and that's something that you can practice in every interaction it's like if you're working on this you know do it with you know when you go to buy your coffee in the morning if you going to buy coffee in the morning or you know when you're talking to colleagues at work when you're having a conversation colleagues at work when you're talking to friends on the phone when you're talking to family。

 be aware of your delivery， be aware of how you're coming across。YouA I speaking loudly and clearly。

 am I speaking with breaking and report anality， am I speaking really quickly or you know am I speaking slow and clearly things like that's so important。

 so， so important。😊，Gotcha， gotcha so in in game when you you know approach a girl， you're。

 you're dealing socially or stereotypically in a situation where it's assumed that she probably has more value than you at the start right that's not necessarily that that's the assumption you should have。

 but that's the assumption most people have do you have any particular gotos or things that you like to do like maybe it's a technique or thing you like to say or a mentality or something you do to set the frame in your favor。

 like to kind of get get control in the relationship in the interaction or to to assume the position of power。

 maybe flip de and that kind of。 you have any go to definitely one that I like a lot。Is。

Whatever you use to open， whether it's going completely direct， whether it's going situational。Yeah。

 whether it's somewhere in between。Instead of going with this mindset of like I'm here， I'm 100%。

 like we're ready to have this conversation， like I'm here to get to know you。

 I'm so down from the very beginning， a good mentality that I love is whatever it was that inspired me to walk up and start this conversation。

That is as far as I'm inspired and from there i'm willing to get to know more。

 but i'm not completely sold so for example it's like you know she's。😡。

You know she's got like a summary look and you're like hey I love this summary look about you blah。

 blah， blah， blah right it's not hey I love this summary look and I'm completely sold and I'm ready to like let's exchange numbers let's go on a date it's like you know I like this summary look now what else？

😊，Like what else is there about you， you know， and that mentality of not being completely sold from the get go。

 I think that helps a lot for sure。Gotcha gotcha， gotcha。

 are there any like I don't say like regrets in your learning process or things that that held you back in terms of learning game and learning value or maybe another way of saying it is if you had to go back and do it over like there the last eight years。

 what would you do differently definitely， definitely definitely there was a period in my game where I was specifically focused on what to say I was there was a period in my learning where I was not confident in my conversational abilities and I spent a lot of time。

Trying to improve that。嗯。The issue was there was a period of time where I learned very much from this。

 you know self- amuse and you know， get yourself in a good mood and don't filter at all what you're saying。

 just say whatever comes to your mind and that's enough and the problem was at that point I didn't have nowhere near as strong of an understanding of what is high value。

 what portrays high value and。Just as importantly， what is low value， what portrays low value。

 I didn't have as much of an understanding of that right。

 so it was just like get in a good mood and talk and say whatever。

And cool I learned how to have longer conversations definitely my interactions got longer but the quality of them didn't get better and that was that was because I didn't have that understanding so one of the things that I。

😊，I mean。To be fair， like if I had to learn more about having like high value verbal game。

 like really structured game， like I didn't learn structured game from the beginning。

And I think if I had have learned structured game from the beginning。

 it would have made a massive difference or it would have like quickened my learning a lot more sure。

Makes sense， make sense。 Yeah， sounds good。 sounds good what if you were to I'm gonna this is way I'll kind of end end here if you were to define what what。

Actually， here's an interesting question because this is we're going to talk about in a sense again I'm putting on the spot like crazy。

 by the way I did not tell James you to be asked these questions I' putting them on the spot in a minute we're going to talk about UVVP unique value proposition like what makes a guy special it makes it unique whatever if you were to express。

 what is your UVVP when you talk to a girl what is what is she getting。

 what is she experiencing what is it that you're putting out that makes you special or unique or different。

Mmh， definitely。嗯。I'm going to say one to start off with and it's going to be pretty obvious and finally enough I thought this was a lot more powerful in the beginning before I knew game but definitely like the international thing or the Australian thing definitely like being。

😊，Being a foreigner， like for those who don't know like I live in Spain now like I'm Australian originally。

 but I'm based in Barcelona now。That obviously is a one of the UVPs but at the same time I thought that as well before I learned game and I used to think that that was the only like I would you know you walk up to a girl in a foreign country and you have this have this foreign accent and they just take their pennieties off for you and that definitely wasn't the case but that is one of them definitely。

Like worldly knowledge and actually a lot of understanding about communication and a lot of understanding about like how people interact and how to communicate well。

 that's definitely one like that's definitely a strong point that I have。😊，嗯。And。Very much as well。

 like I know that because of my independence and because of like the kind of worldly knowledge that I've gathered from like a lot of traveling that I've done and all that sort of stuff。

I know that I'm a very independent person and that when I bring a girl into my life like。

I have the independence to be able to like bring her into it and。Like。

I'm not gonna be relying on her Okay you know what I mean I'm not gonna be relying on her。

 I'm not gonna be like trying to get things from her。

 It's more like this is me like this is what I'm doing and I'm totally sweet with what I'm doing and I know that it's fine and you're welcome to be a part of it if you want and I know it's gonna to be good for you if you are but if not it doesn't matter got it that plus being Australian plusli isn an internally selfsuffient well traveled at Australian pretty much and and Australian as well。

How do you we know how you convey Australian because every time you open your mouth。

 how do you convey the rest of that？From。From how you communicate with the world and other people when you're with women。

 okay。嗯。Like， I'll give you an example， like even this kind of comes。

 this kind of comes back to the assertiveness thing and the whole like the difference between。

Being asserted versus being a dick。 So like， for example。

 I was in Sweden at one point with a girl I'm dating and。We， we were out at this place。

 like just went out。Random knife to a bar to get some drinks or whatever。And there was a spot at。

The bar that we wanted to sit， but there was only one chair。

And then close by there was two other women that were relatively attractive。

 like dressed up pretty well looking pretty decent and there was like one or two extra seats next to them and so I just walked up and I was like oh hey guys。

 excuse me are you guys using these seats you might if I use this seat and they're yeah。

 find no worries。And that's a small thing。 But the thing is。

 there's a lot of people that probably wouldn't do that。 You know， I mean。

 there's a lot of people that probably wouldn't。It's a very small askrc but it's like I believe that what I'm doing is fine。

 I believe that what I'm doing is not a problem and there's no reason why you should object。

And it's going to make that situation better so because of that we were able to sit where we wanted we were be able to have the view that we wanted we were able to have that experience because I was able to assert myself into a situation to improve that or another one for example like。

Out getting food and。For example， like you order some food and one part comes out late and it's cold and you want to get it changed right and say hey。

You know， do you mind， if you guys change this， it's just like it's not really。

How it should be it's a little bit cold or whatever and you're able to do that in a way that one you get what you want。

 but you don't。You don't upset anybody， you don't， you know， make a deck of yourself。

 you don't destroy the situation， you can improve that situation。Right。

 that for me is something that I'm very， very well aware of and I know that I can do and I know that I can portray。

Got it， got it。 It makes sense。 So that's that all make sense。

 And if you're already with the girl and she's spending some time with you。

 that definitely can can all add up right because those are very small things。

 but it is the experience of you over time that those things are adding up what about in the first few minutes of an interaction because I'm guessing you don't like ask for chairs your way that to the girl's heart right what in the first start of the interaction helps you to communicate that it helps the girl to realize that you' you're different than the average guy first thing I'm thinking is delivery like I've said。

 like like we spoke on before， the first thing I'm thinking is delivery Okay that's the first thing Am I conveying myself。

As a person who is confident， who is high value， who。

Like believes it iss a high value person right that's that's the first thing that i'm thinking of and that's the first thing that I recommend like if you're scanning over your interactions to try to think about what could I have done better what could I how could I improve that's the first thing I'll look at the second thing is。

Am I。Saying what I'm saying in a way that is not trying to sell myself。

 am I not trying to oversell myself am I not like being too try hard， being too supplicating。

 stuff like that， that's another one that I'm very， very， very aware of like。😡，For example。

 the Australian thing right like so here's an example。A lot of people。

 if you were to enter a social interaction and you knew that you had an advantage from being a foreigner。

A lot of people would try to talk up the fact that they're a foreigner right as opposed to when I get asked a question。

 if anything I talk it down。I talk it down a little bit because I know that it's I know that it's an advantage。

 I know that it's like a like a。I know there's a little one up thing， but if me being like。

 yeah I'm from Australia， have you ever heard of that place， have you been there， you know no。

 why that she's like， oh， you have an accent I'm like oh really and she's like oh where are you from I'm Australian？

😊，I'm not like I'm Australian， you know I'm not trying to like I'm not trying to like I'm not waiting for that reaction so great the things that I'm aware of that helped me I'm making sure am I overselling this or am I talking am I toning it down am I presenting it in a way that portrays the high value。

Or am I not that's that's another thing that I'm very aware of and that's another thing that you know guys should be very aware of in the interactions like what like a very。

 very common one and this comes up you know， very often is what do you do for work right？

And of course， guys should know like the high value answer versus like the low value answer。

 but also being able to portray that。Like。Like for example。

 when somebody asks me what I do like I to say， I work from home or like at the moment I say I work from home or if someone says like。

 you know， what do you do for work， I'm like， oh， you know， have to travel a bit for work。

 but I mostly work like remotely from my computer， I talk about it in a way that I'm turning it down。

Right makes sense but you did you said like you said you travel for you you said the nice thing。

 the cool thing and the interesting thing， but then you didn't make a big deal like I travel for work。

 I'm so mean you're like I travel for work sometimes at home to right exactly Yeah。

 if anything you're saying in a way。Like you're saying it in a way that it's more a burden to you than it is like a positive thing that you're trying to sell。

 Does that make sense right that's a very， very important and a very good way to like and communicate the high value things about yourself。

 especially in the early parts of the interaction one thing I'll do along those I'm sure you probably do it too sometimes is I'll actually make them ask me twice or I'll make them work it out of me even you really want to know or I tell you in a minute that actually this other thing like just building a little mystery about it and having them ask me again actually works really well along those lines too and even like doing it in a way that's like I don't really like to talking about it。

 you know what I mean it's like I've got this really cool thing that cool like I get to travel the world and all this sort of stuff and it's actually pretty fucking cool but it's like I don't really like talking about it like if you really want to know like we can talk about it it's not that big of a deal you're downplaying it makes sense' that's super important for sure。

CoSo I'm gonna ask you one more question it's it's related to one I kind of got from the chat that the chat question was I'm not gonna ask you this exactly。

 but the chat question was what should a newbie do you know on day one to establish value or whatever question I'm gonna ask you is this。

 which is。You've coached a lot of students now and you've given a lot of different missions and exercises and different things like that what would you say is like your go to exercise for a guy that is maybe has some of the right ideas maybe knows a little bit about againm but he's just not conveying himself as a valuable person was maybe like a go to exercise or some some kind of assignment or some kind of mission or something you'd give someone when that's their thing there they understand intellectually but they're just not executing on being high value。

From like a belief stage or from like an execution stage。

 either or it can be like a mentality you give them， or it can be an exercise you give or both。

Mentality is definitely。Definitely like even writing down the things that make you high value。

 like writing down， okay， these are specific traits about me personally that make me a win for a girl and understanding that like and having the mindset behind that that's。

That's going to help a lot because once you learn to believe it yourself or once you practice believing it yourself and build that belief that helps so much more with the communication as as opposed to say this line without the belief behind it you know what I mean。

 so I like I like the idea of really trying to build a belief。

Another one that I'll do I'll do this a lot with texting。

 guys guys that are working on their texting， I'll say write out the text。

 write out the message that you are going to say and think about the frame it's coming from if this frame is I'm chasing I'm selling myself I'm putting you on a pedestal。

Think about the message that's being portrayed and then learn to flip that to a different frame。

 learn to change the frame so that you're coming from a more of a more of a。

A buyer not a seller frame or like like an evaluation like I'm interested but not completely sold like that sort of frame that helps a lot。

😊，And you can do that as well like I have guys do that when they record themselves like when they record their interactions。

 I'm like， okay， you said this， this is the frame， what's a better frame that you could have said the same thing or portrayed the same message。

Chair。