# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：09.网络游戏分解：3点火器故障-工程师_3 Tinder Breakdown — Engineer【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This one is a guy who I think。Does kind of fit in a lot like his his profile just says I fit into me so let's have a quick look here I'll get rid of this。

So。We have our guys an engineer。 He puts his height， even though he's 5，8。 So it's average height。

 but he put it right， He's pointing out how average it is laid back guy with a dad bo you're looking for is that value or comfort right。

 That's all comfort Like Jacked guy would definitely be high value。

 Dad Bod is like appealing to comfort right So dad Bod laid back is appealing to comfort。

Like cross country road trips working out just enough working out just enough right， you couldn't。

 you couldn't be extreme and say I love working out。

 you're trying to avoid offending by saying you're a gym rat or something like that。So again， it's。

 it's a little bit safe right， It's very much playing on the safe side of things rather than the risky side of things not being offensive side of things and doesn't make sense working out just enough。

 like you don't like working out， but you're doing it。 You're basically saying I work out to fit in。

' like if I didn't work out， I would be too thin or too out of shape So I work out。

 I don't really like it， I just do it because I want to fit in So you're like actually saying I fit in here。

Expling new places and talking to new people。 That's great。 That's wonderful。

 Every single guy in the world has that on his profile。

 This is a good good exercise for online dating is go look at other guys profiles and see what gets repeated over and over again and don't do it because you want to stand out。

 You don't want to just get swiped through like nothing420 friendly。😊。

Which is the edestt thing in this entire profile， which nowadays isn't particularly edgy。

 Love giving massage。 Okay， so this next part， I'm'm going to read off love giving massages here for conversation dates and cuddles。

 no driving tickets so far。 So this love giving massages here for conversations， dates and cuddles。

 What's the word that's blatantly missing in that description。😊，W。

 what is he implying and implying implying， but seems afraid to say？

He seems afraid of saying the word sex， right？He seems afraid of mentioning sex or something sexual or something risky why。

 because it's risky。Because it could be polarizing because it could be negative， et cetera。

 And so he's doing euphemisms。 He's doing all these things that are similar to similar to talking about sex or are they imply sex。

 but he's not actually saying it Now， if someone's uncomfortable talking about sex to a girl。

 do you think that she's going think he's comfortable having sex， Probably not。 Probably not。

 So that's not going to be the best way of conveying yourself there。No driving ticket so far。

 That's just like I don't drive fast。 I don't take risks。 I， you know， I fit in， I fit in， I fit in。

 So this profile is just saying to me I fit in， I fit in， I fit in。

 Here it says sucker for short girls， long hair and wings。Now， in general in online dating。

 I think it's a good idea to have some kind of a thing where you talk about what you do or don't want to grow。

 like what your standards are。 but it should be in a way that's actually disqualifying for a challenge。

 This isn't a challenge。 This is like， I'll like you extra if you're this， this or this。

 but it's not saying if you're not this， this or this。

 don't message me is not saying I only want this， this or this。 And it's not really a standard。

 Being short is not necessarily high value。 Having long hair is not necessarily high value and winking is not necessarily high value。

 So you're not。Challenging someone to step up to win you over。

 you're just saying this is a preference。 And I'd kind of like it。 So it's all。

 it's all very soft and it's all very fitting in。 I'm gonna look at this guys's other photos real fast and we'll see kind of similar trends。

 So I'm gonna to pick these apart just a little bit。 First thing。

 we have two photos in the same shirts。 Probably not a good idea for online dating profile。

 You want to make it look like you have， you know。😊，Different shirts and things like that。

 And actually， it's funny。 I think， I think if you read us as like I'm sorry。

 Mario but our princess another castle。 It kind of funny on online dating site to have a shirt about you not getting the girl。

 That's just ironic， though， And it's probably meaningless。

 but just something I noticed when I was looking at this。😊，This photo here， little too smiley。

 Also his hair is you should do something with your hair like when in the I think this is his first photo。

 I believe in his profile when。When a girl is seeing your first profile。

 you need to make that first photo your absolute best that you look physically because they're going to see that face shot。

 Most sites are going crop it to a face shot。 It needs to be your best physical facial shot and that one definitely is not and is's too smiley looking more stern。

 looking more aloof， potentially even looking away from the camera are all good things that you can do in these profiles。

This one's actually like you can't see the expression on the face where。

 It's actually a decent photo that way， but it's like clearly taken in a bathroom。

 It's clearly like just a bathroom selfie of like in a shirt。

 Like it doesn't convey a lot of lifestyle。s like why are you taking a bathroom selfie in a shirt in that shirt Like what is the purpose of that photo。

 It's just like a weird a weird narrative。 And that's the thing you want to be thinking in terms of online dating and in of Instagram and social media。

 all those kind of things is what is the story this is telling about me。

 What is the story And the story here is just it's just not exciting。 There's nothing wrong with it。

 There's absolutely nothing， whatsoever's wrong in this guy's profile ever in terms of like making him like actively low value。

 But it just doesn't stand out， It's just very Carlton Banky So to speak in a way。

This is just a vacation photo。 What it was going on in the background is kind of cool。

 but I can't even tell what it is。 And this one's funny。

 This actually think is the best best photo in this one。

 even though typically when I see mud run photos from guys in profiles。

 I just laugh because guys put that in thinking that it's the。😊。

Like it's like such this like an impressive thing or something they're proud of which they should because those things are I've never done one。

 but apparently they're pretty tough。 But the problem is too many guys have them。

 There's so many guys that that's their one way of showing their athletic or one way of showing their tough in their photo profile that it gets overused Now this one I actually don't dislike though because it's a group photo because it shows like a team of people having fun with him So it actually makes them seem social。

 And it's really I mean， this one kind accounts。 but it's really the only photo that that shows him like being social。

 especially having girls in the photo that kind stuff So it's good one comment I'm gonna make which is gonna be a little controversial。

 I'm not 100% sure， but I think either all or almost all of the guys in this photo or Indian as is the person in the photo。

 And that also says I fit in more than I stand out。

 So specifically with particular ethnicities having a group of people of your ethnicity。

 shows you have friends which is good is a form of social proof but it's less of a form of social proof that you fit in with people very like you than that you have friends that are。

Similar to you or you have friends that are outside of。A shared culture。

 a shared heritage it will tend to look more high value if you have both。

 but key takeaways from this one。 make sure you like look your best in your photos like do your hair that kind of stuff。

 don't use the same shirt twice that kind of stuff's kind of obvious but the other one is take some risks be willing to take a risk and stand out and with your social proof stuff try and you can try another social proof one specifically one where where where the demographic looks socially hot or look socially you know high value that kind of thing so that would be my suggestions in terms of this profile and again I'm tear it apart over the top。

 my guess is like if a girl were actually to take the time and and get to know this guy and actually to take the time to read the profile and message I'm sure you can do fine but the problem is it's just gonna to get overlooked too much because it looks so much like every other guy's profiles like just you're just girls are automatically swiping left on this because it just doesn't stand。

and so you're not even getting you know the time of day or that second look biggest things to get get rid of your your worst photos you're going to be judged in your worst photo and then try and pick a better primary photo like get get a primary photo where you look your absolute facial best those would be the two quickest things and then with your profile actually take some risks in your profile。

