# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：03.价值和吸引力：4.进化引发的潜意识价值_4 Subconscious Value Triggers From Evolution【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So what are we talked about what are low value behaviors。

 What are some high value behaviors from evolution。 Well， we have。Social proof。

 which is people responding well to you socially， you having friends， you being a leader in things。

 you getting a good reception from people you being treated with respect， that kind of stuff。

 Then we have even further than that， which is sexual social proof。

 which is women responding well to or people indicating you've been with girls in the past these kinds of things。

 which is even more powerful， but it is a little more dicey。 So social proof will never。

You you don't really say shouldn't really say never always in game Social proof will virtually never be a negative thing。

 Having social proof is almost always positive S social proof can be way more positive but it is a little polarizing and it can can trigger some people so for example。

 if I tell people how many girlss I've slept with in my lifetime or something like that or I tell people I'm a dating coach those kinds of things There are certain people that think that's immoral or wrong or gross or disgusting and stuff like that and so it can actually garner a negative response as well so it it is a little more polarizing than social social proof is safer。

 but sexual social proof can be more powerful。Competence being good at things and especially having people discover accidentally that you're good at things is really。

 really positive， obviously health goes directly to evolution and good genetics so we can see why that one's useful quick note on health a lot of the physical traits that people see that women see as attractive actually just are traits to do with health so for example having a symmetrical face the reason why having a symmetrical face tends to be more attractive than not is this indicator of health because when there were a lot of disfiguring diseases before the age of antibiotics people would have disfigured faces。

 they would haveeven like they'd have blemishes or scars or or deformations in their faces and in their bodies and there's unlikely to be symmetrical and so symmetry actually is a a hallmark or a signpost I guess that you have good health that you are genetically gifted in that area and that their offspring would be。

Deally have good health as well。 obviously， access to resources is gonna be useful and then having showing resilience。

 being able to handle danger or difficulty or shit tests or you know， social pressure。

 those kind of things or physical pressure， resilience is very， very positive。

 So when you are conveying yourself when you're thinking about who you are think about how can you convey these things when you're telling a story。

 can you To convey social proof， can it convey health Can it convey competence。

 Can it convey that you have resources， etc ce。 And ideally it should be excuse me it should be in a way that's not super obvious It shouldn't look like you're trying to brag。

 it should look like it just kind of came out naturally without you trying。😊。

