# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：09.网络游戏分解：2火种分解-纹身_2 Tinder Breakdown — Tattoos【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This one is a。One that is pretty decent。Let's see。 there's there's some really good and really bad things about it。

 I want to go to the photos photos first and then we'll go to the the the thing itself。Okay。

 so this is a guy who definitely has a very particular look to him right， He has the tattoos。

 He has kind of like the the bad boy look going on So he's fitting that archetype for sure。

 and he's also because he has like the nightlife remote thing he's also fitting that socialite archetypes。

 So I mentioned those two archetypes and he's hitting that very。

 very strongly and his photos are good his photos are well taken， he looks stylish in them。

 the tattoos hell， he has like you know， decent physique， etc cetera， etc ceter。

 So he's definitely playing that one look。My critiques。

 so this is actually a pretty good profile like I could definitely see getting results with a profile like this some minor minor critiques this is one I didn't notice。

 but someone else did notice looking at this this photo which is really good and this photo are almost the exact same pose you look like you're doing the same thing in both and the expression in this first photo is way way way better so you may as well just delete this photo it's not really adding anything to the overall vibe it's not it's not contributing much。

😊，The other thing here is social proof， there's some social proof maybe。

 although I think the social proof you'd get out of this is a social proof of toughness more than anything else。

 right？You get a social proof of like that you seem tough or cooler whatever。

 but you wouldn't necessarily get a social proof for yourself with it。

But the thing that's missing is maybe social proof with girls right being a promoter having this this look definitely does some social proof elements but having some girls thrown into this profile could make it way way。

 way better so that's something I would definitely add to this then we get to the profile itself and this thing looking for something casual because I'm a piece of shit and then the the the height thing。

So。This is， it's good in a way。 It's， it has sort of a douchy thing to it。 It has sort of a。

I don't care kind of thing to it that is is conveying high value。

 but what's what's missing from it or what this is already pretty good。

 I can see this definitely getting results， but what I could see making this even better is it's very one dimensional the whole like bad boy club promoter thing。

It looks like that's all this person is if this person was that plus a little bit of humanity and like kind of like depth or if this person was that plus a little bit of kind of like humor。

 even if ironic humor because ironic humor might be more congruent with this image if this person was that plus gave the girl just a glimmer of hope that there's something beyond a one night stand that could happen anything along those lines could be a really。

 really good thing。mOh sorry， which one I was saying sorry I didn't know which ones to point to when I said a wish vote to I meant the that top left one in the gray。

 sorry my bad。But so the issue here is there's no girls for social proof。

 there's social proof of just him being a promoter but no girls and then the profile itself。

 it's really short it doesn't convey as much as it could。

 The photos are amazing the photos are definitely carrying this profile that I'm a piece of shit thing it works because it's congruent it is congruent with the image of the photos so at least you're not detracting from the photos but you're not really doing much to enhance them and you're certainly not creating more depthin and ideally if you talking about unique value proposition you want to have at least two different elements to your character You want to have at least two different things going on that are going to be helpful to you not just one。

Alright。So that' that's an example of a good profile， but a profile that could actually be better。

 The thing that is great about that， though is is that the style and the photos are very， very good。

 And then the profile is congruent， And there are no huge value mistakes。

 There's nothing like low value or leveling in it。 But the problem is it is a little one dimensional right So the UP is only mildly unique。

 Like bad boy is not a particularly unique thing。 Club promoter bad boyy is a little bit more unique。

 but it's still like very， very， you know there's a lot of most people in that job kind of are playing that profile already。

 So it doesn't make you the even more special version。😊。

