# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：04.如何传达高价值：2.适应社会_2 Fitting in Society【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So let's do a little， a little participatory game now。 Alright， try and pay attention。

 try and act along on this。 This is gonna be a guessing game。

 It's gonna make the most sense if you're American or understand American culture。

 But even if you don't， you can play long and and you'll definitely understand on the reveal。

 But we'll try this。 So I'm gonna describe a person。

 I want you to get a picture in your head of who it is that I am describing。All right。

 so this person is the main character on a teenage sitcom about a black family that was televised in the early to mid 1990s。

This character started out as an outsider to the family and was different than the family in his way of dressing and speaking。

 as well as his social popularity。 He wore brightly colored clothing and had a strong sense of personal identity。

 He was a character for sure。 Quite possible the guess would have been one of these two people。

Either freshresh Priipbel Air or Steve Ekle。 Now， obviously if you're from Europe。

 you're like who the fuck are these people。 But that said， if you are。

 if you are American and if you are familiar with this， this era。

 these these will be characters you might be familiar with。

 And the funny thing is the exact same description that I just gave actually applies to both But these are very different characters socially right。

 One， Steve Erkle is like the nerdy social outcast， nobody likes， etc ceter。Um。

And thenum Will Smith playing fresh Prince Val Air is cool， chill， good with the ladies，um。

 trends setter in a positive way， et cetera， et cetera， et cetera。But again。

 it's very interesting that the same characteristics actually do apply to both， right。

 They both have a strong sense of identity。 It's a different sense of identity。

 One is an identity to a very high value sort of set of characteristics that are attractive to women。

et cea， the other one is an identity to a very like nerdy set of characteristics that is less attractive to women。

 but again， they both are strong characters。 they both have strong frames。

 they both believe strongly in themselves and they're both unique。

 They also both don't fit in they don't quite fit in Steve Orel because he has just super nerdy and like kind of has rejected trying to fit in with society and fresh Prince because he's not from Bel Air and he's not richie came from like Philadelphia and he has a difference。

 he has more he's a little more street than his his Bel Air people。Okay， so。So again。

 a lot of similarities there。 And so what is going on here。

 Why is it that these two people can be can be so so different。 And obviously who's higher value。

 I think everybody would say well， Smiths higher value or the fresh prints is higher value。

 But what is that specific characteristic because again， they're very similar。

 They're very similar in a lot of ways。 What is it that makes one form of not fitting in different than the other。

 What makes one misfit high value and the other misfit low value， It's a very tricky question。

 it's very interesting to try and try and come to the answer and try and describe it。

 even though it seems intuitively obvious， we all have the same gut reaction of who's more value。

 but again， describing it is very different。 like the definition of pornography right。

 I can't define it， but I know it when I see it。 And so here's where we're talking about in terms of level of style and also in terms of level of value because you just talked about style。

 So we'll use style as an example， But this same thing exists across all different types of value You have this range not fitting in。

To fitting in， we threw Carlton in there， and then you have standing out and the difference between not fitting in and standing out。

Is sort of a choice。Right， so if you're not fitting in usually it's because you couldn't fit in。

 you couldn't meet the standard， you couldn't be normal， you couldn't be well accepted。

 you couldn't be well liked， whereas if you're standing out， it's kind of like you couldn't fit in。

 but you chose not to it was a conscious choice and it was a choice made out of capability and abundance and ability rather than a choice made out of excuse me made out of like lack of ability or neediness or。

Or lack of knowledge or whatever， right？And it's the same thing with fashion Bu the look that works and then changing one little item is very different than shopping at Kmart and just standing out because your clothes are so awful or so cheap or whatever。

 right So there's an intentionality to it。 It's that you could have fit in and you chose not to。

 And that's really what high value behavior is。 it's very hard。

 you can't really go from not fitting in standing out almost have to go through that that fitting in stage or that coming up to a certain value level stage。

 But I really do want to point out this progression of not fitting in。

 fitting and standing out because it's gonna to come up as a kind of a metaphor in a lot of different things that we do。

 So okay and so all three of those people that we just saw on the previous slide。

 They are congruent to an identity right Steve Erkle is congruent to the nerdy identity。

 He's very absolutely congruent to it。 He fits in。 He fits it。 He leaves it。

Then you have Carton who's very congruent to the identity of fitting in going along with society's rules and trying to win by society's rules and he's you know decent at it like he's a smart kid he has money etc cea。

 ettera。 he's trying to live by society's rules he's trying to go to like the I think is it Princeton this school he wants to go to is one of those Ivy League schools that his dad's and alumni at but he wants to go through that particular life path and he's on it and he's he's competing he's playing that game quite willingly and you know generally happily except for the fact that he's envious of will always having things go his way and then will。

I is smart and could do a lot of those things and he is you know living with the family has value and stuff like that。

 but he wants to keep his personality and keep his individuality and express himself， but again。

 he could not he could fit in if he chose to he's actively and intentionally standing out and that's the difference is that it's not accidental it's not out of lack it's out of it's out of abundance so that's a very。

 very important distinction overall and it's very very key to see that difference in as you're looking at them。

Are they are they not fitting in on value characteristics or on comfort characteristics。

 so looking at those three characters again， Steve Ekle。

Carlton Banks and Will Smith or freshresh Princetz of Bel Air。So。Steve Ekle is not fitting in。

 And to the extent that he is trying to fit in。 And also the extent he's standing out。

 he's overdoing the comfort characteristics。 He's overly nice。

 He's begging him pleading for the affection of this one girl who has one at4 who's rejected him over and over again。

 And he almost has this game of like， oh， you I'm just gonna see how many times you can reject me until you say yes。

 right， So this is very like。Very almost like pathetic， needy， obvious， pushy。

 but through comfort through， I'll do anything for you。 I'll provide for you I'll give you gifts。

 et cetera。 So he's trying to win over by an abundance of comfort characteristics and he's not doing any value characteristics。

 He's not breaking rapport。 He's never giving a hard time or teasing the girl that he's into。

 He's just complimenting and giving gifts and that kind of stuff。

 So he'ss he's not fitting in through excessive comfort and no value。Then you look at Carlleton。

 Carlton's kind of fitting in， but he's fitting in with a heavy emphasis on comfort because that by the nature of fitting in。

 fitting in is comfortable， fitting in works。 And so he has certain elements of value。

 he is well educated， he does have some wealth。 But socially it's all comfort。

 it's all kind of just like nonrisky behaviors And then if you look at Will Smith。

 the things that stand out about him are riskta tolerance to social pressure。

 being willing to to make a scene those kind of things having like loud tonality and and being confident social proof of like having other girls into him and being willing to to be in those situations etc。

 So he's might not fitting in due to value as opposed to not fitting in due to comfort。

 So that's the second thing。 So first thing is what identity they congruent to Second thing is what is the cause of not fitting in between not fitting in and standing out is it based on value or based on comfort because that's gonna go a long way towards determining who is of。

Iigh value and who is of low value。