# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：01.感知和价值：01. 感知与价值【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

First of all， we're gonna talk about psychology right because value comes from psychology。

 value comes from that which is uniquely human about us what we understand and how we go through the world as human beings。

 And the fact of the matter is that perception is imperfect。

 what we're seeing as as the world is not the actual world It's our model of the world it's our world as we take it in through our senses what we say we can only know of the world what we take in through our eyes。

 our ears， our nose， our mouth and our hands and and touch。

 but also our brain is filtering things out as well。 what I want to do right now。

 is a couple quick exercises for you guys， so you can understand perception and how perception works。

 And one thing in terms of with this course。 obviously。

 I'm not literally interacting with you live doing these exercises。

 but the more you do the exercises with me and the more you participate the more you're gonna to get the experience of what's going on here as opposed to just the information。

 I want this to be both。 I want this to be informational but also experiential。 So when I do。

Takeicular activities and exercises， try and participate when when I ask you questions or we play little games。

 try and you know actually like be a part of the game。

 it's going to make the experience better for you it's kind of like it's like if you were watching a magicic act and you just showed up for like something being revealed but you didn't carefully watch the rest of trick and know what's going on you wouldn't get the full effect it kind of would lose its punch so try to try to participate and try and actually experience the thing and that way the emotional impact would be greater and what we're gonna talk about with perception obviously emotional impact is huge in game and it's huge for us in life Okay without too much further I do。

Let us get into the exercises。 What I want you to do for the first exercise is I want you to actually keep your。

 keep your audio on so you can hear me， but close your eyes。 All right， and with your eyes closed。

I want you to just like kind of become aware of things around you。

So obviously you're going to hear my voice， but when there's silence， hear the sounds in the room。

 I'll give you a second just hear hear the sounds in the room you might not have been aware before。

Like maybe there's a floor creaking or maybe there's birds outside， maybe。I don't know。

 Maybe your' your refrigerators humming， right， Maybe there's someone breathing if you're in like a crowded dorm。

 I don't know。 but there are some sounds that you probably weren't aware of before。 Al right。

 now I want you to go to another thing。 Think about what is your， Where your' sitting or standing。

 What do your your butt feel against the seat， What do your feet feel against the floor， right， What。

 How do your clothes feel against your skin， right。I is the room you're in warm or cold？

Are there any smells presents？Alright， so these are all things that are constantly around you。

 I'm sure as you are listening in and doing this activity。

 you notice things you haven't noticed before or you're not generally noticing like you don't notice the way your shirt feels against your skin all the time because it's not important it's just not relevant but you're constantly feeling and your brain is sifting through that information and regarding it is unimportant or the way your butt feels against the chair unless it's actively hurting because you've been sitting too long。

 you probably don't notice those kinds of things And then know the random sounds， the white noise。

These are all things you don't notice because you're not primed to pay attention to it right。

 so you only pay attention to the things that are relevant to you。 Okay。

 now we're gonna do maybe a a more， maybe a more compelling example and maybe an example that's going to get more to the heart of of how your brain works。

 even when your brain is working。 So what I want you to do right now， if you have a phone。

 put it somewhere you can't see it， put it in your pocket， turn it upside down。

Put it somewhere that you absolutely cannot see or access your phone in any way。 Okay。

 with your phone away where you can't see it， understand that your phone is something you look at for some of us hundreds of times a day。

 For some of us， even more。 Saly， right， It's something you look at a lot。

 The screen of your phone is probably one of the things you see the most in your entire life。

But how much do you really pay attention to it？So for example， again。

 without looking at your phone that would ruin this。

 don't look at your phone when you think about what is the on your phone。

 what is the background of your phone， do you have a background image， you have a background color。

 is there a pattern on it？😡，How about on your home screen？Are there there apps there。

 How many is the screen full or not？If you have like a dock， like a shortcut stock。

 how many items are in that shortcut stock， What are they， What are。

 What are those most common apps that you use all the time， What order are they in， Allright。

 things like that。 How big or small are the are the icons on your phone。

 How many can you see on that home screen。Different things like that Okay。

 what is the top bar look like This is like the the the little informational bar that shows like the wfi and the different apps running what what apps are up there in and what order are they in。

So think about all these things。 And again， this is something you look at every single day。

 This is something you're very familiar with that you see all the time。 All right。

 now that you've thought about that now you've tried to remember it， I want you to。

Pull out your phone and check and see how accurate or inaccurate you are。Did you get the apps right。

 Did you get the background right， what about the stuff at the top。

 there's other things we could have talked about like what kind of buttons are on your phone and things like that。

So if you have a keyboard， different things like that。

 did you notice those things or did you forget about them？😡。

A lot of you guys probably didn't remember a lot of the stuff on your phone and that's fine。

 that's kind of the point and that's something you look at every day and some of you may have remembered it of the people I've done this with。

 I think about like 75 80% are like really clueless about it and then like a tiny fraction like maybe even less。

 maybe like maybe even less like 10% actually knows what's on their phone because most people are not just are not paying attention to that okay so now that you've done that close your phone again put it away。

😡，Okay， everybody got your phone in your pocket， you're not looking at it anymore。

Now I want to ask you， youve just opened your phone， you've just logged in。

 you've just checked it out， I want to ask you what time did your phone display when you looked at it。

And my guess is。You probably don't know。Even though。You just looked at it。

 even though in order to unlock your phone， you had to do it。

 even though on the screen you were just looking at， the time was there。

You probably didn't look because you weren't looking for that specific thing。

 And that just goes to show that in any given moment in life。

 we are noticing the things that we are paying attention to。

 We're noticing the things that we are primed for， the things that we're trying to look for。

 but we don't notice the background。 We don't notice the white noise。

And this is very relevant for you in game， it's also very relevant for you in watching this event。

