# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：4.向未来借更多的钱_4 Borrow Abundance From the Future【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Question may arise。 How can I think of myself as a man of value when I haven't achieved all the goals that I've set out for myself yet。

 maybe I'm not rich yet。 I， I'm working on it hopefully， but I'm not there yet。

 Maybe I'm not in shape yet。 I'm working on it， but I'm not there yet。

 I don't have all the skills with women。 I haven't learned all the techniques and whatnot。

 How can I believe that I am offering all this value right now。Well。

 the fact of the matter is if you are on that path。

 you are still an already a man of value and the example I've given for this before。

 which I'll give briefly again。Is if you were Bill Gates in his garage about to build Microsoft or starting to build Microsoft。

 you are your time at that moment is effectively worth just as much as your time as a successful Bill Gates is because you are on that path and because you're building that company Now if Bill Gates had just SAT back and been like I'm not gonna to do this work in the garage because my time's worth $300 a second or whatever then in that case。

 this time would automatically no longer be worth that $300 a second。

 So this assumption that you can borrow abundance in your future。

 the assumption that you can borrow value from your future and act like that high value guy already is only true if you're doing the work to make it true。

 otherwise you're lying to yourself and you're living in delusion。

 But if you are on the path if you're on the path to being the successful guy if you're on the path to being the person you want to be it is absolutely okay to act like you're already there and you kind of should and in fact if a girl met you along that path she would be just as well off if not better off then if she'd met you once you were already there so the idea of borrowing。

From your future if you don't have it now is very valid but you can only borrow from a valid bank account if that makes sense。

 you can't borrow from value that doesn't exist so you can borrow from your future if and only if you're actually building into the future if you're not。

 it's going to fall short and you're going to come up pretty empty over time okay。

