# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：9如何成为领导者_9 How to Be a Leader【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is a question somebody asked， I don't know if I necessarily agree with all of it。

 but I'll read it and answer it， so says leading as a high value behavior。

 but what specific actions can I take， perhaps practice saying no to someone at least once a week。

 perhaps arguing with an opinion you disagree with， etc。

So I wouldn't say that those are steps to becoming a leader。

 I would say those are steps towards assertiveness。

 So if you believe that the thing keeping you from being a leader is that you're not assertive enough。

 then by all means those could help but saying notice someone doesn't make you a leader。

 it makes you contrary and arguing with someone doesn't make you a leader。

 it makes you argumentative or disagreeable。Okay， but it is important to stand up for yourself in order to be a leader。

 It's important to know what you stand for in order to be a leader。

 I would say that the the first thing to being a leader。

Is you have to know what you're leading towards。 You have to know what you believe in because you're leading something right in order to the lead。

 you should be inspiring and you should have a direction。 If you're directionalless and notinspiring。

 you won't be a leader。 So you need to know what your values are。

Second thing is you need to be living those values right if you're if you're trying to lead someone to。

 I don't know， just let's say， do charity and you're like a tight w that doesn't do any charity yourself and and don't believe in it。

 That's not something you're gonna to be able to lead people to do if you're trying to lead people into battle and you' you're a coward who's afraid of getting a bruise you're not gonna to be a leader。

 You need to be able to live the values that you are espousing。

 and then you need to be able to communicate those values so you to have the values live the values。

 communicate the values。 And then beyond that， that's a good start， that's a good start。

 but the other thing you probably need to do is you probably need to make the other people feel that you care or make the other people feel important or make the other people feel empowered to continue that message in some way。

 So there is actually a personal aspect to it as well。

 just having having a great message in and of itself is not enough。

 you have to deal with the human beings who you're。

Communicating that message to who are then going to follow you and spread that message or spread the behaviors or beliefs or whatever so that I would say is what being a leader is and it comes not from being contrary and saying no。

 but it comes from knowing what you say yes to living it and sharing it so that would be my my impression expression of what being a leader is contrary to that other thing。

