# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：3.你够了_3 You Are Enough【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I want to focus on this concept if you are enough。This is a huge concept in game。

And it has its pros and its cons right， has its pros and its cons in game。

 the idea that you are enough is basically a way to develop more confidence。

 a way to believe that your higher value and a way to you approach girls that are maybe intimidating and not be so overawed by it not be to not be too like you know in your head and still be able to like communicate and do your best game and that's all very。

 very useful and in the short term i。e。 going at one particular night or one particular day are talking to one particular girl the attitude that attitude that you are enough is absolutely great however。

 on the long term， the attitude that you are enough is absolutely flawed because you want to be constantly improving every single day and constantly making yourself more right So it's this weird dichotomy of you are enough in this moment but if you're still this thing a month from now that will no longer be enough because you will have let yourself down and this comes down to again kind of self-esteem。

There's esteem and the idea of process orientation。

 meaning you should be proud of yourself if you are doing the right things but you shouldn't judge yourself on the result moment to moment so as long as you're on the path towards selfimprovement。

 be really really proud of yourself but don't be insecure about the fact you're not there So if you're going to the gym and losing weight be happy to be proud of yourself and take promise and take solace and take happiness from every pound you lose or every pound of muscle you gain but the other hand。

 don't look yourself in the mirror and judge yourself every single day and be harsh on yourself okay and in the meantime if you're talking to girls while you still haven't lost all the way don't think of yourself as a disgusting fat person think of yourself as a person who is on their way to the phys they want by the way I'm not saying like fat people are disgusting or anything like that Im speaking in terms of mentality although I think aesthetically more people prefer non-fat people than others okay so yeah so there's pros and cons to this in business as well in sales in marketing and believing your product and in negotiation。

Having this idea of abundance and this idea that you're bringing a lot of value to the table is absolutely critical。

However， a lot of businesses， especially businesses in the self-help area that I've seen and some that have been seen more closely than others。

 they can take this idea of youre enough too far。 and they kind of have this idea that we're offering what we claim to be value and if the customer doesn't think that's value。

 that's the customers fault that's the customer bad or whatever whereas fundamentally that's getting away from primary goal of what business is。

 which is serving the customer。 primary idea of business if you serve the customer well enough。

 you will be paid handsomely for。 and you have to be smart about how you do it etc。

 but that's the idea。 So if you get this idea that you are the shit and you are you are enough in all ways and don't have to improve。

 you're gonna to stagnate in business and that's gonna be problematic for you。

 So you are enough is a good mentality in some context not in others and it is very powerful and very useful but it's not a universal truth。

 It's a model models are only as good as their assumptions， models are only as good in the situation。

 So youre enough is a great mentality to have sometimes awful mental mentality to have other times I want you。

understand the distinction and know where to use it and where not to use it。

 this is one idea of pickup that is not good in other parts of the chat and sorry other parts of life sorry。

