# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：05.价值的内在博弈：2“状态”和“流”相关概念_2 “State” and “Flow” Related Concepts【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So state is。The idea that when you're in a better mood or when you're in a particular mindset。

 you tend to do things better and is this true， absolutely yes。

 it is's been it's been shown in plenty of psychological studies that people in various moods perform better in general。

 it's been shown that when someone learns something while listening to a particular type of music。

 they recall it better while listening to that music than not different things like that are you know they've been shown enough times they're clearly true。

 they' clearly is such a thing as state。However， the problem with state is that if you are constantly relying on state。

 if you're constantly thinking like I have to be in state， I have to be in a good mood。

 I have to like， for example， let's say the music thing right if you study with certain music on and then you go take the test with that same music on assuming a teacher will let you do that which they probably won't but if you did that's fine。

 that's great and it's probably smart to do， however。

 you don't want to be so dependent on it that as soon as like the teacher's like hey。

 no music for this test that you're completely thrown off and you're so mentally deranged because you've only ever studied in that state that you like can't do it Also you don't want to be thinking the whole time like I hate this teacher for not letting me listen to my music instead of thinking about the test at hand right so state is wonderful and where you can use it to your advantage where you can be smart in adapting it and employing it in a best beneficial way by all means do However。

 you never want to be in a situation where you're reliant on your state state is not an excuse you can't go to your job and tell your boss I I'm in a bad mood。

 I can't do my work today It doesn't work like that so state is。

Good thing to understand and it's a good thing to develop strategies around is's a good thing to plan around。

 but it's a terrible terrible excuse， so I don't want you to use state as an excuse like to use the word flow more than state。

So the idea of flow is the idea that you are immersed in what you're doing。

 the the idea that you are。So engaged by what you're doing that almost the whole world like falls away around you and you can truly just focus and get the best out of yourself。

 And the best example I know a flow kind of ironically is video games video games are designed to put you in flow。

 They're designed to give you the right amount of challenge in the right amount of success and the right amount of failure to keep you play And that's why you can start playing a video game play all night。

 forget forget what happened， lose track of time， wake up in the morning and all you've done is play that video game and you just got you lost yourself in that world because you got into flow But if you're assigning yourself two big a challenges。

 like if you're trying to to play levels that are way too hard for you and you fail and fail and fail you fall out of flow。

 you get frustrated and you don't do as well if you start playing a game。

 you've beaten 16 times and you get bored and complacent。

 you fall out of flow and you don't do as well So a a lot of what I look to in terms of state is how do I get into flow How do I create the right amount of challenges。

 how do I create the right engagement for myself and how do I create the right the right situations that are going lead。

Me to a result， but you should never be reliant on it。 being out of flow is not an excuse。

 What you should do is do the right procedures that get you in flow。 And this is the ironic part。

 You can't do them to get in state， you can't do them to get in flow。

 you have to do them because they're the right thing to do and let it happen naturally it's an involuntary function it's like hiccup if I to tell you to hiccup on command can anybody on this conference Hup on command。

 probably not you can't can you or I assume you can't can you make your heart beat massively faster on commands。

 maybe if you stand up and run， but intrinsically just by thinking about your heart。

 that's a very hard thing to do because it's involuntary function So it's very hard to directly control。

 but you can indirectly control it So you can control flow and state by doing the right procedures by doing the right things by taking the right actions and by focusing on the right things but you can't do it intentionally and if you're constantly checking am I in flow am I in state what you're doing is you putting yourself inside your head and making yourself analytical。

 which is the opposite of being in flow in in state so。and checking and trying to be in flow。

 trying to be in state is the direct opposite of actually doing it so these are great concepts。

 you should definitely structure your practice around them。

 but you should absolutely never allow yourself to be dependent on them you need to be able to work in flow and out of flow in state and out of state and you should never be using them as an excuse you should not be dependent on these phenomena。

