# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：10肢体语言_10 Body Language【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

And I'm going to give you kind of a。A contrarian idea on body language because what I've found is that most of the time teaching body language does more harm than good。

 It makes people selfconscious， it makes people overly self analyticallyical， etctera。

 And I've seen people with really awful body language succeed I've seen guys do sometimes I'll tell a student what like what not to do and they mishear me and they go do that exact thing but they do it with the confidence that I told them to do it and the fact that they come with that confidence actually makes the bad body language work right so。

That absolutely can， you know， can， can be a thing， right。

 And then there are other guys they'll learn good body language， but they'll do like。

 I should stand with my feet apart and cross my arms and look down on the girl。

 but they'll do it in're like this。 Am I doing it right kind of way。

 And it makes it absolutely awful。 So body language is more about where it's coming from than what it is。

 And almost any bad body language trait， if done with confidence and done smoothly and naturally。

 is actually fine。 Almost any。Good body language straight， if done like， you know。

 poorly and from the wrong place， is actually going to be quite bad。So be aware of that。

 But my my thing with body language is this。 act the way that you would if you are relaxed and natural and around your friends。

 if you're doing that， your body language is good。 And I don't believe there's such a thing as like high value alpha body language Like I can like strike this one pose and the girl will like you。

 That's ridiculous。 But what you can do is not mess it up right So you can have relaxed casual good body language that doesn't hurt your value in any way。

 So you're not gonna body language your way to value。

 but you can certainly body language way out of value and too low value。

 So it's definitely something you need to。😊，Need to have handled and to have on point as a like eliminating the negative kind of a way and as a like just being relaxed and getting the most out of yourself。

 but you're not again， you're not going to like the girl's not going to be like。

 well the way he was standing was so attractive， I just had to go talk to him。

 it doesn't work like that。