# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：09.网络游戏分解：4火种分解-教授_4 Tinder Breakdown — Professor【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Entrepreneur professor， that's all cool， intelligent but a little bit risky。

 that's decent University oven we cut it out obviously for privacy。Okay。

 just move back from Puerto Rico， travel frequently， Latin America， Europe， Asia， India， Africa。

 anywhere into a bunch of different types of music， hiking sports。

I like a girl with some spice bonus if you can travel。So。I'm going to ask。

 what is his unique value proposition？And you could argue that he does mix a couple things here。

 but not really because it's pretty soft arguably the fact that it says entrepreneur and professor and then he has the travel thing means that he technically has three different things but I don't consider just the listing of his profession as a thing making a strong emphasis on the girl a lot of times girls just look over that or barely read it or won't consider it in context and it's also only two words so for the most part his value proposition is I'm a nice guy and I travel I travel really move back by the way。

 someone someone I went over this with with someone on my staff who does a lot of online dating type work for me and she pointed out said just move back from Puerto Rico is interesting instead of saying like spent three years in Puerto Rico doing this or something like that because just moved back from Puerto Rico makes it look like you did something there it was some kind of project and then it potentially failed and then you came back or like it's a retreat the idea of moving back。

Going back to your parents house， going back from a challenge it definitely doesn't look like success and like resilience so just just just came back from the three year stint in Puerto Rico or just came back from exploring Puerto Rico for three years seems a lot more adventurous and intentional and like like this was your life always and that was just a vacation as opposed to you went there failed and came back so that's that's a subtle point I didn't even notice that but it is a valid point。

But there's a lot of。Just travel， travel， travel， travel。 I travel。 Here's where I traveled。

 I like I like if you travel， etc ce。 I like to go with spice。

 that's an attempt attempt at being selective。 But again。

 it's very nonspecific and it's very like it's very hard to even define what spice is。

 It's very hard for a girl to be like oh I have no spice。

 I wouldn't be able to have anything with him， right。U。So again， it's one proposition， really。

 which is the I travel bit and then it is the。I guess there's spice， but it's travel， travel travel。

s it's very one dimensional in terms of the profile。 and it's it's very not polarizing。

 There's nothing in this that would make that would be offensive at all like spice is the if spice is the most offensive word in your profile。

 you are you are planning it safe。Alright， so here's the other photos of this guy。

 And this is interesting because there's some that are really good and some that are really bad。

 I think this primary photo is it's okay。 It looks kind of serious。

 especially without the eyes and stuff it looks kind of serious The other thing you can't see it on this because it's I' looking at that。

 by the way， top left in the blue shirt and the blue button up shirt。😊，U。If you look closely。

 it actually looks like you have like kind of like chapped sunburnt lips in this photo。

 which is not the greatest， It doesn't make you look kind of rugged and outdoorsy。

 but it's not exactly saying like sexy guy I want to kiss it is making you look a little weathered part of being high value and being resilient is not having the elements affect you So photo where you look weathered or sunburnt or like that kind of stuff is not the best and you look a little too button up in serious in that photo is not the worst but it can be a lot better for example。

 the photo on the top right aside from the fact that you're looking away from the camera is a much better photo than the top left of this person。

 the best photo in here， which unfortunately doesn't show his face。

 I believe is the one with a surfboard， the black white with the surfboard。

 That's an awesome photo That's a great photo。 What is that photo do number one。

 it's a physical body photo that's unintentional。 It's like showing his back but he looks athletic like he looks athletic and laid back and chill he's doing surfing。

 which is a cool activity it's not posed It looks like it was taken unintentionally it looks artistic。

It says like where were you you were traveling like if you want to say travel。

 this photo says travel better than saying travel 16 times in your profile like granted you don't necessarily have to travel to surff if you live in California。

 but in other places like for example， if you were in Iowa， that would say travel。

So that photo is great， that photo is amazing， that's an incredible photo。

 I can't say enough good things about that photo。This photo next to it with the two guys carrying the girl。

 one in a cowboy hat one knot。 So this is a interesting， good and bad things about this photo。

 Good thing is you're with friends， right， You're with a guy and a girlfriend。

 So you have at least two friends in the world， at least one of whom is female。 That's good。😊。

Problematically， if any guy in this photo is the center of attention。

 it's definitely your friend in the hat， not you， right， He looks more。He looks more like crazy。

 more fun， more like he's， you know， having a good time。 You look very typical。

 He looks more standing out。 And you don't want a photo where you stand up by comparison。

 remember I talked about the stealing value thing right。

 If a girl sees a one to one comparison if you and another guy thinks the other guy in the profile is hotter and then goes on a date with you。

 What does that say about her standards for herself。

 right I intentionally chose a guy who I knew was literally not the best right and not to say that your friend's like better or whatever and whatever way。

 But in this photo， he just looks more fun because he's the one wearing the hat。 Also。

 the girl in this photo is not particularly hot， at least from this angle。

 at least from how it looks。 she looks okay， she looks like， you know， standard， you know。

 blonde white girl kind of thing， but she doesn't look。😊，Super。

 super stunning or super well dresseded or super elegant or anything like that。

 So it's not conveying a ton of socialproof， although having any female friends and definitely having a female friend that you're doing a physical thing with its' fun is even does not not a sexual thing。

 but just it's a physical thing that's fun is gonna be a positive for you。

 So all of that is a good sign。 All of that is helping you。

 but I don't like the fact that your friend looks cool in you。

 And the girl's not you know the absolute best looking she could be so whatever。😊。

Now going to the bottom row， this picture of him with the kid is awesome。

 It's awesome because number one。😊，And being a mentor or a father figure to kids says so many good things。

 Now， Grant said if they grow were to assume it's his kid， that's a problem。

 that can be a logical issue。 But on an emotional level， this is fine。

 And as long as there's something a profile that says no kids。 So she were to check it。

 She'd seed see it or whatever。 It'd be fine or he's just willing to answer that question。

 but it looks good right is showing him interacting。

 being a cool guy being nice to a kid being like generous and whatever。

 but also like looks like he's having fun， looks like he's a leader he looks relaxed。

 Like compare that photo to the one above it。 I'll give you the one above it。

 Like compareare his facial expression。😊，He looks so more so much more relaxed in the photo on the bottom。

 It looks like he's actually doing something。 It's not posed when his actual personality comes out。

 he looks really cool。 So that that， I think， is a great photo overall。

 It shouldn't be a primary photo because it's know visor and compared to his face and whatnot。

 but it's a great supplemental photo， a great kind of support photo。😊。

This picture here of like the the ruins， I guess that's。I want to say Machu Piccci or something。

 I don't know， but the ruins of some Indian Indian place or Native South American。

 it looks like place。It's cool that you traveled there again， showing travel is a good thing。

 and people do respond to travel， but you've hit that pretty heavily in your profile。

 And my issue here the place that you in is actually cool。 I haven't been there。

 it would be interesting to go there A lot of people again。

 a lot of people do have photos like this in their profiles and have been to this place It's not so off the map。

 Nobody's been there。 But I think it still does say something in terms of the travel。

 The problem I have here is that you're just kind of badly dressed in it。 And so it makes you look。

 I mean， I know your hiking or whatever， but you just just kind of look a little bit like a scrub like your clothes aren't fitting the best。

 you don't look elegant or posh or whatever。 So it's it has some downsides as well as the upsides So it's only so so as far as that goes。

 This next photo is a great view， but you can barely see you in it。

 So it's kind of wasted And then this last photo the bottom right。😊。

Is just a worse version of the surfboard photo， which again is fucking amazing。Second photo is good。

 The one with the surfboards good。 The one where you're in the blue hoodie is pretty good。

 The one with the kid is pretty good。 The Machu Picchu one's okay。

 if you really want to or assuming I'm assuming it's much I don't know where it is the Indian Indian Adobe place is okay assuming you really want to emphasize the travel thing。

 but it's not totally necessary and can probably be done better because it doesn't make you look your physical best。

 Sod err on this side of excluding it or better yet replacing it with a better version of itself like a better travel photo where you look physically good。

 The rest of the profile photos I would say are are probably a nogo you want a profile。

 you want a photo like number one in that it's a face shot and that it's well lit。

 but you definitely need to look like you're way less nervous。

 way less tense way more fun and less buttoned up。So that's my overall critique on that one right and again。

 this is a situation of a guy that looks like he kind of just he fits in and he's nice。

 but there's nothing edgy， there's nothing polarizing in this profile And so while there's a lot of positives。

 a lot of girls aren't going to look close enough to see it like a lot of girls are never even going to see this second photo with that's amazing with the surfboard which that photo could get you dates but a lot of girls are never gonna see it because they clicked off on the first photo。

So definitely get your first photo better， minimize some of these other photos and then take some more risks in your profile it is a little bit too bland and a little bit too bli it fits in with just the average guy a bit too much。

