# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：11魅力男子的特征【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Characteristics of an attractive man。 There are are  five I like to use as hallmarks all the time。

 Ativeness sounds ambiguous to say it's attractive to be attractive。

 But what I mean here is tailoring or catering。Taking care of your appearance。

 taking care of your appearance and making the most of it， being well dressed， being well groomed。

 being stylish， by the way， quick reminder I've said it before。

 anybody who hasn't gotten the style guide yet you should have all gotten that by email。

 but if you haven't gotten that email us， let us know you need it。

 we'll send you that style guide so you can get that idea on how to be more physically attractive。

 But the idea that you care about how you look the idea about that you've taken attention。

 love yourself enough to look your best absolutelyute convey so many positive things about yourself so do that。

Exercise for you and this is the exercise for all these I'll just give them to you is think of one thing you could do to add to this for yourself。

 What is one thing you could do to be more attractive。 Could you get a newer better haircut。

 Could you get like if you wear glasses， could you get if you wear glasses could you wear context。

 Could you get clothes that fit slightly tighter。 Could you improve your posture。

 could you go to the gym。 What's one small thing you could do to improve your attractiveness do it what's one thing and then execute on it James talked a about about assertiveness。

 I've talked about it a few different times if you're unwilling to be noticed if you're unwilling to potentially make a scene in a worst case。

 if you're unwilling to have attention on you， You're gonna have a hard time being truly high value you're gonna have a very hard time being a leader you have a very hard time standing up for yourself a lot of things like that。

 So assertiveness basically just means being willing to stand it for yourself。

 It does not mean being a dick， It does not mean going out and starting fights But it does mean being willing to say what's on your mind being willing to ask for what you want And so the question I would ask you for this one is what。

One situation where you are not being assertive enough in a way that is hurting you and how could you change it The exercise question possibly for this if youre some guys are overly assertive is in what ways can I be less of a dick without being less assertive So in what ways can I make the assertiveness I'm already showing more palatable without becoming less assertive those are good questions to ask yourself and to analyze your own behavior So assuredness is different than assertiveness。

 assuredness is more the belief that whatever you do is right right the belief that you are enough the belief that what you say has value all those kind of things。

And the idea， the exercise here is notice the things you're insecure about and try and like one inssecurity whenever you're feeling insecure about it。

 do the thing anyway。 So if you're insecure about your body because you think you're overweight Well one thing you can do is work on your attractiveness which is the first step and and get more in shape But the other thing is if you've been shy to take off your shirt because you're overweight the pool or whatever just fucking take it off and go with it who cares be that assured guy and maybe that'll even be motivating to get you a better shape as well But what is one area where you've been insecure and how can you practice。

 how can you start one small step， one small habit towards becoming more assured Attentiveness is funny because nobody cares if you're attentive until they know you have value but once they know you have value if you are attentive it will magnify that value So what it is it makes your value relevant to them So if you are like a celebrity and don't seem to care about anybody you just you know you're a celebrities people still。

high value whatever but when a celebrityties attentive and takes time for little people。

 other people notice it， other people think oh what an amazing person。

 other people want to befriend that person， they become a bigger celebrity。

 they get more endorsements， all that kind of stuff so attentiveness takes whatever value you already have and magnifies it but you're not going attentive your way to value all by itself right so it's an additive quality it's a multiplier of what you already have a aliveness is the willingness to take risk。

 the willingness to be a little crazy， the willingness to not be boring right the willingness to show some personality and we're gonna show in a little bit I'm gonna show some some tinnder breakdowns and stuff and we get to those we're going to talk about aliveness and some things like that。

