# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：06.你的价值来自哪里：7生活在现实中_7 Living in Reality【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

If you are in conflict with reality， you are going to have massive problems dealing with people。

 massive problems with success， massive excuses， et cetera。

 So the first part of living in reality is something I call not shooting on yourself。 And by the way。

 this is a phrase， Tony Robins uses this phrase as well。

 but uses it for something actually different。 So it's a different concept。 But I like his phrase。

 So I took his phrase But in this case， what I mean is using the word should。 Okay。

 the word should is probably the single。Worst way， to deal with reality。

 because it's essentially negating reality。 Every time you say this should be happening。

 what you're saying is reality is this way， and I oppose it。

 Every time you say this shouldn't be happening， you're saying reality is this way。

 and I oppose it And being in opposition to reality is not going to work。

 It's not a functional way to exist in the world。Okay， cool。 just making sure we're good on audio。

 Okay， cool。 And so anytime you're just finding yourself saying the word should。

 what you're doing is you're actually just creating stress for no reason。

 You're creating stress because you're saying reality is this way and I'm in opposition。

 So the exercise I want to have you guys do is this。😊，Every single time you use the word should。

I want you to reverse it。 So if you're saying like I should have a better job。

 what I want you to do is as soon as you catch something I said the word should right。

 I want you to say。嗯。Did you guys， Are you guys okay pick cool， You guys got it a pick， cool cool。

Got it。 Sorry， I know you guys lost down for a second there， but it's okay。 Okay。

 so every single time you say the word should， you should actually reverse it。

 So instead of saying I should have a better job， be like in reality。

 I shouldn't have a better job because I didn't do my education or because I show up to work late every day。

 or because I haven't put together my resume and gone and applied for a better job， etc ceter。

 So instead of having this idea that the world owes you something or that it should be a certain way。

 instead get to reality， which is in reality， it shouldn't And then start focusing on changing that reality。

 So just what I want you guys to be aware was every single time you were you use the word should like。

I probably am wrong， right， I probably shouldn't， because the reality， at least on average。

 is the way it should be。 Now， there are some people that have been very unlucky。

 but even if that's the case， right， that I shouldn't have gotten in a car accident。 Actually。

 I should have statistically because in the United States X amount of people every single year are going to。

 And that was just my statistical thing。 On the other hand， I also shouldn't have been born because。

 you know， there were， there was a one in a trillion chance of that happening。

 So I'm very lucky to have been born。 and I was unlucky to get in the car accident And all the world is based on statistics。

 And now we have to get on with reality。 right， find a way to accept reality and be okay with it and then move on and find solutions。

 But focusing on this should is a bad idea。 So this is。An exercise you can do。

 so I gave you guys the exercise of not qualifying yourself and challenging you to do that for a period of time。

 Another exercise I'm going to challenge you guys to go do maybe separate from the don't qualify yourself is to work on not shooting right。

 not shooting on yourself。Okay， so that's the next exercise and definitely one to take to heart。

 The idea of living in reality。 And for this I'm mainly going to reference a book too。

 it's actually a really good book as power of now a lot of you may have already read it ehar so by the way as far as book recommendations go I highly。

 highly highly recommend that book and highly， highly don't recommend to second book the new earth I know maybe you guys will shit on me or say that's an amazing book too or whatever but as far as I'm recommending books Power of now was amazing like life-chan amazing the idea that now exists。

 the past doesn't exist the future doesn't exist and the more that you're focused on what actually does exist meaning now the better off you're going do and then a lot of other you derivations on that in different things absolutely a life-chan concept and absolutely something most people don't do So I'm just going focus in on that and the exercise and you can go read that book if you want to but the exercise I'm gonna to give you for that is to again make it a challenge for yourself to stay present this one's very hard It's very hard to keep your mind from wandering to the past to the future etc。

 but make it a challenge。Try and stay present for you can just while meditating。

 try and stay present for a minute， five minutes， etc。 And then the real challenge。

 I think then the one that's more useful is to try and stay present as you go through life。

 And big thing is if you catch yourself not being present if you catch yourself like daydreaming just catch yourself I was daydreaming there Don't be like oh idiot asshole you're daydream again what a loser why can't you focus in the present' that's contrary to what we're trying to do here。

 you want to be positive with yourself， you just want to remind yourself and start developing the habit of being in the present moment as much as you possibly can and that's gonna just be tremendously powerful to you in terms of getting things done being productive and it also is gonna make you a lot more charismatic The reason why a lot of people aren't charismatic socially aren't charismatic and conversation is because they're busy worrying about the thing they said five minutes ago where the thing they're gonna say five minutes from now and they're not paying attention to what's going on and ironically the best things you're gonna come up with to say are gonna be the response is to what the person you're talking to is saying in that exact moment So rather than thinking about what's to say or thinking about what you did say just pay attention。

Shouldt focus and then let what you're going to say come naturally from being present in that moment。

Okay， so I just do want to emphasize that I'm not going to go too deep into it because it's a simple concept。

 but it is an absolutely valuable and important one for your inner game。

