# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：04.如何传达高价值：5.价值观是主观的_5 Value is Subjective【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now we come to another one of those massive， massive topics in game。Which is the topic of blueprint。

 So blueprint is the idea that value is objective。 What's value to one person is not necessarily。

Excuse me， my value one person is not necessarily value to another person。Right。

 so there are these inherent characteristics。 And again。

 there's that that matrix that I gave you before， things like social proof， competence， confidence。

 resilience， those kind of things。 Those are going to be。

Absolutely generally applicable to value no matter who you're talking to。

 but every particular girl was raised her own way。 Every girl was raised differently。

 So for a conservative girl， certain things may be value。

 I don't mean religiously I don't mean politically conservative。 I mean。

 like conservatives and like like sexually conservative virgin， those kind of things or like。

 you know， very， very restrictive kind of family life， that kind of stuff。

 That kind of girl is going to have one view of value that's going to be very。

 you know influenced by what her family thought。 Most of the time she's going to be very similar and going along with what her family thought。

 Sometimes she'll be actively rebelling about against what her family thought。

 But it's going to be strongly influenced。 That's going to determine her blueprints going to determine what she sees as a value。

If a girl's been attractive her whole life， that's going to determine her view of the world and what she views as being valuable。

What else the way the way a girl is dressed， for example， that's not determining her view。

 but that's reflection of her attitude about herself， how she views herself， how she views sex。

 how she views sexuality， so it's an indicator of what she might view as valuable。

A girl's education level， very educated girls tend to value educated guys。 Like if。

 if a girl has like a PhD and you misspell the word your all the time。

 she might be a little turned off by that， for example， Okay finances and money， right。

 depending on how much money the girl had growing up。

 how much money she has now and maybe more importantly。

 how that money was made where her parents did our parents work 9 to five were the entrepreneurs。

 these are all going to influence her world because she's been taught certain social values。

 certain political values， certain， you know， love and respect and relationship values throughout her entire life。

And depending what those are， you're going to potentially meet them。 right。

 So if you want to take your game to the next level。

 you need to start to kind of cater to the girl in question。Alright。

 so if you're general it starts with being a general attractive guy because if you're trying to cater to the girl。

 but not being generally attractive， who do you end up being， you end up being Steve Vikle right。

 remember the for those of you who are in Europe and have short memories， Steve Vile。

 if we had the Ekle Carlton， Will Smith example， So Iks the nerdy one if you and the nerdy one who's bending over backwards trying to please。

 So he didn't have the attractive qualities and he tried to lead with trying to please and trying to work to the girl's blueprint。

 That's not a starting place。 The starting place is to get yourself right。

 get yourself being high value。And then from there。

 you can adjust and adapt a little bit here and a little bit there to the gross blueprint。

 right but you want to primarily be high value yourself。 That's step 1。 Blueprint is step 2。

But personalizing your presentation can absolutely make an enormous enormous difference in terms of how the girl is going to perceive you。

