# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：11.问答：问答4_Q&A #3【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So honestly， my number one security is how and when and if to convey embarrassing or shameful things about my past tourl。

 my past career crashed and burned after being publicly disgraced over allegations of sexual misconduct that had some truth to them。

 which is pretty that's a pretty brutal situation It's a long story。

 but I imagine others may have insecurities or criminal history or there major bunders or social social suicides in the past。

How do I communicate these things when meeting new people in a way that allows me to still show high value resilience and trust how when and how do you even bring that up and my answer would be not early on absolutely not early on do not like unburden yourself with that information until you have enough sort of value in history and the person actually knows you there's a lot of things that。

Are totally fine once you know someone and once you have some view of their personality and trust of them and sense of who they are But if they were the first thing you found out about someone。

 they'd be an immediate deal breaker so like for example。

 one thing I'm thinking of this is random example but a lot of girls put in like online profiles only if you're a certain height or above but I a lot of girls online being below that height and have no problem and had a grade dates and gone on to sleep with them or have relationships with them or whatever or maybe and meet a girl you know in real life who would have that on her profile and she'd have no problem meeting me in real life。

 But if she you know just that was the first thing she's immediately screening out for it。

 that's a very minor thing， these things you're talking about are obviously a little more serious but basically the more serious a thing is the more potentially troubling or the more potentially low valuemaking or problematic for you the more value you want to make sure you have before presenting it And I certainly would not be in a hurry to present these kind of things to。

Some in fact， whether you even have to present them at all in in anything short of a very serious relationship is debatable like if。

If it's something that's still affecting your life now， by all means。

 or if it's something that you think that you know at a certain point in relationship down the road if she found it out。

 it would feel like a massive massive breach of trust to you that you hadn't shared it with her yet。

 that would be the only reason why I would want to do why I would want to share those kind of things in general。

 your past mistakes or your past mistakes and you want to be the best person you can be now like。

 for example， you wouldn't want to tell a girl every time you like you know we the bed in grade school or every embarrassing thing you did in middle school or whatever。

 right So I would only even care about saying that if it was relevant to the present。

 I wouldn't be worried about it。 And I wouldn't like。

 you know there's this idea that like you want to be loved for you。

 You want to be loved for all the things about you。 just。

Get rid of that idea and instead want get get the idea that you want to be loved for your best self。

 You want to be love for the person you can be now and the person who you will be for that girl。

 you know all the negative things that have ever happened in your life。

 And that makes you more insecure about yourself than you are about other people。

 Everybody else knows all the negative things about their life。 And， and， you know。

 it's okay for you to keep that information and them to keep their information。

 And you to just have a positive interaction based on who you are now for the most part。

 So I certainly wouldn't be looking to。Throw that stuff into the conversation anytime soon if at all。

 the only reason I would ever want to do it is if it is such a major thing where like she would Google you and find it out and then it would seem like a breach of trust later。

 and at that point I'd be just assessing where you think where you think that that line is crossed is probably in a pretty serious relationship but it is interesting Another situation that's similar to that that a lot of guys ask is should you tell girls about doing game and it's the same kind of an answer。

 which is that's your own personal information you don't need to unburden yourself with that and that's only going to detract from their experience rather than enhancing their experience So honestly if you think you're doing that for them you're probably not you're probably being selfish and doing it for your own emotional reasons more than anything else。

