# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：01.感知和价值：10问答_6 Attraction is NOT a Choice【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

And along these lines， we're going to get to a very old but very important concept in game。

 which is the concept that attraction is not a choice。

 This is a concept I first became aware of in around 2002 from a man named David Diangelo who wrote or wrote a book。

 And there is a central theme of his book was this idea that attraction is not a choice。

 And what this means basically is you don't choose who you have a strong emotional response to that emotional response is preconscious or subconscious。

 It's not like you're thinking， I should like this person because this， this and this。

 you feel an emotion And then you rationalize that emotion afterwards。 And that rationalization。

Can be thrown through a lot of different filters。 That rationalization can be put through logical filters。

 your interpretation of it can can change， but the fact you felt that emotion is fairly subconscious。

 for example， if right now， wherever you are， especially if it's in your house he a little weird。

 But if like a random hot girl just walked by you in your room or wherever you're watching this。

 you would probably notice her you would probably notice her。

 and even if it wasn't weird that you know， a random strangers in your room， in general in life。

 if random hot girl walks by you notice her more than you notice an unattractive girl。

And you probably notice even the moderately attractive girl more than you notice an average guy。

 unless the guy looks scary， in which case you might start to notice him more。So again。

 what we respond to what we have an emotional reaction to is not a choice。

 how we act on that choice is so for example， if you saw that hot girl walk by but you happen to be married or have a girlfriend。

 you might not do anything about it if you saw that hot girl walk by and you're very scared and have approach anxiety。

 you might not do anything about it etc so acting on it is your own choice if you saw that hot girl walk by and you're motivated and you know you're a go- getter for game。

 you might definitely go talk to her。But either way you'd be feeling that emotion and girls feel the same thing around a high value guy is just that for them it's not entirely based on the visual。

 it's based on your actions， it's based on how you convey yourself。

 it's based on your personality and who you are and those kind of things。

 but a girl having an emotional reaction to a high value guy is not a choice。That said。

 sometimes that reaction is not always positive or it can be interpreted different ways。

 And also it doesn't mean that just because she sees you as high value that she's necessarily going sleep with you that's not a given。

 but that feeling of attraction at the very least is not a choice that is absolutely going to happen outside of their control。

 Now， let's talk about what types of things are of value and what types of things more than just being a value must be of value based on the world such as it is。

 like how can we have a general model for determining if something is of value if something is a high value trait。

