# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：02.进化和繁殖：8.使我的工作合理化_7 Stealing Value【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Another example is stealing value， and this is another really funny one。

 which is the idea that when one guy has talked to a girl and gotten her to the point of very emotionally aroused。

 that arousal is literally emotions in her body。And so if another guy comes along。

 he can kind of steal those emotions And also if another guy comes along and sees if the girl sees a direct comparison。

 So maybe even she's she's like out with her boyfriend who she likes。

 and then she sees another guy who just is like more attractive in that situation than her boyfriends。

 that other guy can get way more attraction， when she's with her boyfriend and boyfriend's acting like a loser relative to the other guy。

 then that guy would have that random guy would have been able to get just walking up to her cold。

 So there's this concept of stealing value。 And there' are certain guy。😊。

It's kind of like a dark dark and sinister way of gaming。

 but there' are some guys that are actually better at stealing girls from guys than they are at getting traction from girls themselves because they essentially haven't learned how to get traction。

 but they have learned a certain other set of techniques。

 which is the kind of outofing and being dominant techniques and so they can。

Actually still still value when they wouldn't be able to otherwise I have an interesting example of this it's kind of a weird story。

 but I'll tell it quickly。This was years and years ago when I was sort of kind of learning， I was。

 I was already like teaching game and all that， but I was not at the level I am now because this would have been like 17 years ago or 16 years ago or something like that。

In any case， I'm out in Vegas， I'm just doing my own thing and I see another guy there who was also a famous guy in the pickup community。

 had a really good game， he's actually one of my early mentors。

And I'm not going to go into exactly who this was， but anyway， early mentor， good at game， et cetera。

 and so he saw me out and he decided to to show off hes with this girl and he'd done a really good job gaming her。

 she's really into him。And， you know， he decided to show off by like introducing me and making himself look cool for the girl。

 And really， I think mostly he wanted me to he wanted the validation of being like， oh， she's hot。

 which she was。 So he brought her over and he was trying to get my attention trying to show off。

 And I like really didn't care。 I was like， okay， cool。 Yeah， awesome I'm like， good to meet you。

 I don't know why you're doing， but whatever Good to meet you。 Yeah。

 and the more he tried to get my attention。😊，The more the girl saw me as the high value person relative to him。

 So the girl had like been at a certain value level， and he had come in and he had gotten her。

 you know， very。Like kind of entranced right and then he came and talked to me and I looked cooler relative to him。

 So all of a sudden her attraction jumped over to me what ended up happening is she now chose me over him right she now chose like I like I like him more than I like this other guy and then she started responding to me but its a really funny phenomenon because my style of game is very different than this other person's style And so my game was not actually as effective with this girl and actually didn't really get along with that while she was hot。

 but like on a personality level， I didn't really get along with her nearly as well。

 And so the longer she talked to me her attraction level would actually come down like not that I was doing a bad job。

 but I just wasn't doing as good a job relative to her blueprint as this other person had been。

 And so whenever she'd lose value like with me like she'd lose attraction for me。

 but then she'd look over at the other guy， she'd be reminded of that and then she'd gain value for me And so every single time the other guy tried to get her back every time I tried to push her over to the other guy either his attempt or my dismissiveness。

 was making her cling more and more and more to me。

And so ended up being this really mess situation now fortunately I'm a pretty nice person and fortunately this person was someone who I you know had a lot of respect for so I eventually just ended up leaving and I'm sure his set wasn't as good after I left as it had been before I came there because of that value transference and that different perception or whatever。

 but I did the best I could to leave it as good for him as possible because I do have a rule with my someone who been not really full on wingman but you know。

Really， I had a history instead what I look out for my own so to speak。

 So so I tried to leave it and as best I could， But it was actually literally hard to leave and give the girl back because of this stealing value phenomenon。

 And this happens a lot。 It happens even more if I'm not careful if I'm out with students。

 it can happen very， very easily because in that case， not only maybe the student's done an okay job。

 but then my game is much better。 And then you know my game probably is more kgru and better for the girl by a significant margin as well。

 So have to be very， very careful not to do that。 I've learned certain techniques over time for how to transfer the value back to the student and different things like that because you kind of have to when you're teaching But this phenomenon of stealing value is very。

 very fascinating。And very illogical seeming， but it does make sense when you break it down。

