# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：04.如何传达高价值：1传达价值的技巧_1 Techniques to Convey Value【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Sa is gonna to be about techniques to convey value。 We've already talked about what value is。

 So keep in mind at all times。 that idea that it does come from evolution。

 It does come from the ideas of these these trait that we discussed in the last little bait。

 It always comes back to that。 And if you're ever wondering whether a techniques right。

 or whether you know what techniques to use or whether you even need to use a technique or whether you need more value bump。

 think in terms of that， think in terms of you know those things that we're conveying that that are high value and low value。

 how is the girl perceiving you， How is she seeing you， What do you have going for you， etc。

 Teasing and push Paul。 teasing is very attractive for a couple reasons。 N one。

 the fact that you can tease the fact that you are loose enough and relax enough in a situation with a girl to be able to tease says a lot。

 Most guys get very tense or very nervous around girls。Secondly。

 the fact that you're willing to tease and teasing by its nature because it's playful。

 it's a little risky， it could be offensive， the fact that you're willing to potentially be offensive。

 the fact that you're taking that risk。It says you have abundance。

 it says that you've had girls in your life before the fact that you're comfortable says you are comfortable around girls。

 so there's a lot of positive things being done just by the very nature of being playful and teasing and taking a risk beyond that push pull is amazing because it gives a girl this emotional roller coaster we had that graph earlier in the last session of kind of that range of typical emotions and when you go above or below that range。

 that's when you're actually standing out teasing is a great way to stand out and push pull is kind of the epitome of a tease。

So what a push pull is， you guys may have heard this term before。

 It's essentially just mixing a positive， emotional spike with a negative， emotional spike。

 That's it。 You have positive spike， negative spike。 And in the case of a very simple push pull。

 oftentimes， it's just， you say the positive and the negative right after or the negative and the positive right after。

 But really what you're doing and all that matters is that you're mixing in some positives and some negatives。

 If you're all positive all the time。😊，Your positives become meaningful。

 if you're all negative all the time。 you're just a downer and you're no thunderer beer around。

 And also， it's very incongruent。 Like if if all you' doing is push the girl away。

 push the girl away， push the girl away。 You may actually get traction that way。

 But how are you going to get physical， How are you going to escalate and create a relationship when you say。

You know， hey， I don't like you。 I don't like you。 I don't like you。 Let's get physical。

 It's just weird， right， So it doesn't make a lot of sense。 So for for teasing and push pull。

 there's a particular exercise that I'm gonna have you guys do。

 And this is an exercise you can practice anywhere anytime。 And what I want you guys to do。

 you guys can do it typing。But I want you to do it in parts。 All right。

 the key thing with any exercise that I give you in game that's for technical or verbal game is to not think ahead。

 So if I said come up with a push pull and you come up with this whole push pull and then deliver it。

 that's gonna be very clunky and awkward and it's not gonna be well timed if you're like planning everything out。

 then you're gonna say everything like 10 seconds or 20 seconds delayeds I believe it was a Saturday night livess because someone showed me once upon a time where basically everybody's having a conversation and there's this one guy who's saying this like the right stuff that fits in with a conversation but he's saying it all like 10 seconds delayed or something like that。

 So's like 10 seconds too late in the conversation every single time。 And it just doesn't work。

 It's like the weirdest most awkward thing。If you're push pulls。

 you're having to think them through and come up with them and then deliver them。

 you're gonna to be like that guy who's always 10 seconds delayed。

 So the secret to owning a skill in game， the secret to owning a skill that you can deliver in real time is to come up with it on the spot。

 So there isn't that lag time。 So with the push pull。

What I want you to do is just start talking and then create the push pull out of the talking that just kind of organically happens All right and so the way this exercise works is you're gonna have an example。

 you're gonna have a person that you're gonna push pull in this case we'll have a couple examples We have this girl on screen will work and then I will work we can do we can do each maybe a couple rounds But what you're gonna do is you're gonna look at the picture。

 and can you probably should just say out loud if you want to type it in the chat you can saying it out louds a little more organic and realistic so you don't necessarily have to type it but you can But what you' gonna say is you're gonna look you'll do the girl first。

 you're gonna just say the first thing that comes to mind and don't edit it， don't censor it。

 don't try and be clever， creative with it just literally say the first thing that comes to mind。

Once you've said that， if the thing that you said was positive， follow it with something negative。

 if the thing you said was negative， follow with something positive， if it was neutral。

 then you can follow it with either a strong positive or a strong negative and that will make the other one positive or negative by comparison。

So for example， if you said you're wearing a black dress that's very neutral。

 you're wearing a black dress， I fucking hate black dresses every fucking girl has a black dress right。

 Does that make sense so or you could be like you're wearing a black dress， very classy girl。

 very classy right so then it becomes a push pull in that way。

So the first thing is first thing that comes to minds and then you're going to turn it into a push bowl。

 so practice that once with the girl， right？Once you've gotten that one。

What you can do is now you have this dude over here。

 let's try and keep it not super sexual in the chat。 But first thing that comes in your minds。

 first thing that you think of， say it or type it or whatever。 And then once you've said that。

 then you you can take a second and then make it opposite。 So it's like you know。

 it's a nice headset you have on and then something negative be like it's too bad you had to like hide the rest of your face or some shit right or you'd be like that's a cool shirt。

 but just like super boring really like no design。Whatever， something like that， or， you know。

 loving the content of the seminar。 But you know， I really wish you X Y Z。

 like I really wish is like a more attractive guy saying it， whatever， whatever it is。

 whatever you want to do。 So that's the idea is you have something positive and something negative And the good thing about mixing up the positive with the negative is that it's not entirely insulting because there is the positive there and because the negative shouldn't come off as like biting or insulting it should come off almost as like an afterthought of like oh。

 I guess it could be better。😊，That's gonna come off。

 come off really well with the delivery of any line。

 the more organic it comes out and the more effortlessly it comes out。

 the better right I'll give you an amazing example。 This is a student I had a long time ago。

 He was like the one of the wealthiest people of my entire life and he he'd been born into wealth。

 So he like his his father was like basically a billionaire。😊，And so he was， he he was British， too。

 And， you know， the British know how to be po in a certain way that， like other。

Other sort of countries can't quite pull off quite the same way with they with the accent and whatnot。

 So anyway， I was hanging out with him in Beverly Hills。

 We were doing some training and we went into this like high end store。

 So we were taking there there was a moment where there weren't a lot of girls around。

 he just wanted to do some book shopping。 So we popped into this store， we talked and shop。

This guy came and talked to him the。You know， working at the story as a sales guy。

 but a really high commission， very classy sophisticated kind of sales guy。

 very good talk or very smooth very， you know， does well like there are some salesmen that do well because they're in the right selling the right thing and they're good at it。

 This was one of those guys So he was not he was a well off guy。

And so he heard my friend's accent asked him you know about England where he was at， etc cetera。

 et cea。 obviously he says， oh yeah， I went over to London this and that。

 And my friend asked him where in London and he said like I think like Chelsea like some some very posh area oh and said oh what part And then this guy said like the second or third nicest area in Chelsea like very nice。

 very posh area but not like the nicest or whatever And then the dude that I was with just without missing a beat and without seeming insulting or try hard or anything like that。

 he just said， nobody's perfect。And that was it right， but it was so effortless。 It wasn't like。

 I'm gonna needle with you with this thing。 It was like he literally was like consoling the guy for not having been in the nice part of jealous right And if if you know that that whole area was like it's like super like all mansions everywhere and like opulent。

 ridiculous wealth。 So place he was staying was super nice anyway。

 but it was the point wasn't the line。 the point was that it was so effortless and like unintentional。

 he didn't mean it as an insult。 He was just used to a certain life where he thought thought about the world a certain way and it just came out by accidents right but the good thing about this exercise is you can practice on anybody anywhere anytime。

 You don't even have to say it to them You're standing in line。

 you look at the person that's about to like serve you whatever you're gonna get or like to check out you could do a pushp walking down the street。

 you see someone coming your way。 You don't have to even say it to them， practice the push。

 just make this instinctive， make it a habit。You should get to the point that anytime you wanted to in a conversation。

 you could have a positive spike anytime you wanted to you could have a negative spike doesn't mean you always have to。

 you don't have to say every push pull that comes to your mind。

 but'd much rather you have all this stuff springing to mind and available as ways to flirt and then you choose whether or not to say it instead of being like God have nothing to say have nothing to say have nothing to say so I want this to just become very habitual for you so you constantly have an abundance of things to say and you can choose as opposed to a lack of things to say and you're stretching so that's where I want this this to come from。

 And so this idea of push pull you can practice anybody you can turn on the TV and push pull whoever popped up on the TV you can push pull YouTube whatever very。

 very easy to do just get used to this format of pushing and pulling a great phrasing for this。

 by the way that you can do it's actually another similar exercise just tell a story but every single sentence either start the sentence with the word fortunately or start the sentence with the word unfortunately fortunately unfortunately that's gonna to teach you to have a natural back and forth to have that natural tension and learning to。

Juxtaposed learning to have point counterpoint like this is going to make teasing and push pull natural again do you want to actually do this in set where you push pull every single sentence to a girl probably not。

 but i'd much rather you have an abundance arsenal of lines you could say of teas as you can say and then you can choose to use them errring so that's that's the way I would think about this as a technique the idea is the idea disqualification and essentially in。

In any interaction， one person is usually trying harder to impress than the other one and whoever's trying to impress whoever's trying to win the affection or win the esteem of the other one is usually the person of lower value。

 So getting someone to qualify themselves Ie try and prove themselves or justify themselves to you is very valuable in game。

 In fact， one of the best hallmarks for whether a girl will sleep with you is is she qualifying herself to you especially in like a social setting where you can't really get as physical if a girl's qualifying to a lot。

 she's at least reacting to you and seeing you as someone of value， So that's a really good start。

 One of the best ways to get someone to qualify is to disqualify them right the one way to make someone prove themselves is to challenge them。

 So disqu qualification can be looked at as challenging the girl or pushing the girl away in a certain sense。

 so that she'll want to win win win versus the challenge or prove something against the challenge or come back into your good graces。

Now， disqualification typically should not be a flat out insult。 again。

 like the example that I gave with my friend in this store in Beverly Hills。

 it should come off as subtle。 And so you wouldn't say like you are ugly awful person。

 that's very insulting Instead， it could be something like I'm not sure if you and I are going get along。

 It's not actually insulting。 it's stating a personal preference。

 but it's not saying there's actually anything wrong with the other person。

 The very subtle distinction， but it is important。 And disqualification。

 the negative spike of a push pull in a way already is a form of disqualification。

 push pull is just a way of balancing it， but you don't have to have the positive spike to have the negative。

 You can have disqualification by itself。 and it tends to be very， very effective in that way。

 So that's another technique。To be aware of right there so that's disqualification again a very useful technique you could practice again same as with the push bull go around and just practice disqualifying various people。

 but the better way to practice this one really is to just have that attitude of having standards the best way to practice disqualification is to have an idea of what your standards are for someone and then to just be willing to。

Not insult or attack them when they fall short of those standards， don't meet them。

 but kind of remind them or nudge them when they they're meeting when they're not meeting those standards just give them like just that slight little you know hard time。

 but in a friendly way is a good start for practicing disqualification just upping your arsenal on this one aloofness and disinterest is more of a general feel。

 more of a general vibe So these techniques that we've been talking about so far push pull。

 the negative spike is a disinterest the disqualifier is a disinterest and when delivered with aloofness idea and not try hard。

 that's what makes it most sorry。And that's what makes them more powerful， however。

Allofness and disinterest by itself is a high value thing。So， for example。

 if I were looking away and you were to call my name and I were like， oh， hey what's not。

 what's going on And I immediately snapped to attention and paid attention to you like you're the most important thing in the world。

 that would convey something about me If on the other hand， I was over here it and you。

 you call my name I'm like。Oh， hair was up。And I don't seem very reactive。

 I'm just like kind of waiting and I'm not like snapping to attention， I'm not all bent out of shape。

The fact that I'm more low key。And the fact that I don't care as much。

 I'm not as reactive is actually a sign of high value， right， You're not。

 you're not feeling endangered as much。 You' not feeling the need to justify yourself。

 You're not feeling the need to please and accommodate as much because high value people typically don't have to do that or are not put in those situations to have to do that even better yet。

 maybe would be if you called my name and I kind of like ignored it。And then he called it again like。

 oh， hey， yeah， what's up？Right， something like that that's extremely kind of aloof disinterested that sort of a thing。

 So this this general vibe of not being as try hard， this general vibe of。

Not being not being so invested in the conversation is very， very powerful。

 and it's also the delivery mechanism。 It's the attitude that goes behind a lot of these other behaviors that makes it better。

 So I just wanted to mention it as its own category even though it is baked into a lot of these other categories of techniques that you can be using reraming and prefrming so reframing basically is the idea of taking and establish meaning and changing it prefrming is the idea of instead of changing and establish meaning just deciding what the meaning is going in in order to explain this。

 I'm gonna to explain the idea of a frame briefly。 The idea of a frame basically is it's the viewpoint that you're looking at facts through that changes the meaning or influences the meaning of those facts。

 So I'll give you an example。 let's say you're driving in traffic and like you're late and you're annoyed and you can't get through traffic etc。

 And then all of a sudden some like。Ambulance comes like flying through a silence blaring。

 you have to pull over to the side， slows you down even more。

 he cuts through traffic and goes ahead of everybody。Question is。

 how do you feel about the guy driving the ambulance Now people have different ops。

 different perceptions， but most people are okay with him。 Most people are like， you know。

 he's doing his job。 He's probably saving a life。 The guy in the ambulance in the back is probably happy he's getting there fast。

 Fair enough。 I get it okay。Now， let's say behind that ambulance， weaving through traffic。

 there's a guy in a bright red sports car， cutting through traffic right behind the ambulance。

How do you feel about the guy in the sports car？Probably not as good as you do about the guy in the ambulance。

 let people like ashole， jerk， take advantage of the situation， stuff like that， right。

 so Sam somebody's cutting through traffic。 It's affecting you just as much。

 but the context of him being an ambulance versus not an ambulance。

 the context of him tailroggating the ambulance is making you feel differently about him。

 even though the action is the same because it's in a different context。

Now what if you found out that the guy ticket tailgating the ambulance inside the ambulance is his wife who is pregnant and ill and would really benefit from having him at her side when she arrives at the hospital now how do you feel about him like driving behind the ambulance？

Now， one more time。What if you think about， well， if that's the case。

 why isn't he in the ambulance with her， Why is he like tailgating along behind， etc cetera， eta。

 Why is he creating an extra like， you know， an extra danger， et cetera， et cetera。

 So there's all these different ways of looking at the situation。

 And each time you change your perspective， the same events have a different meaning to。

 That's the idea of framing and reframing right， So you're changing the meaning of the events。

 simply by your interpretation you're putting on them or the narrative around them。

And so that's reframing is when you change it Preframming is when you set it in the first place and generally prefrming is better and easier than reframing if possible because it's just smoother。

 it's a lot easier to create the frame and just have it exist than it is to undo an existing frame so when possible if there are frames you would like to have present in an interaction frames you'd like to have present in a conversation。

 you do best to introduce those frames okay so in a man woman interaction。

 the idea of you being a high value guy the idea of girls liking you all these frames that be positive for you if you can inject them into the conversation preemptively that's really useful。

 if you have to pass shit tests and have to reframe to get there， you can do it。

 but it's a lot better if you get it there in the first place。I say， for example。

 you're applying for a job you're interviewing for a job and you know you have particular skills and you're a little weaker in other areas。

 if you can preframe certain skills as being the most important for the job and have that frame accepted。

 that's going to put you in a much better situation to then go on and get the job then if it's preframed that those are not the important skills or if you have the other person states that other skills is unimportant or which which are important it's unfavorable to you and then you have to reframe it to more favorable so prefrming is generally better than reframing it's just less effort it's just more subtle and it's typically easier to set a frame than to reset a frame let's do some exercises for reframing and prefrming and specifically we're going talk about a sexual frame here all right so。

The first exercise that I'm going to have you do。Is one that I absolutely do not suggest that you do directly in set with girls。

 The first exercise is purely for practice。 Okay， it's a little weird。 It's purely for practice。

 It's to get you the skill。 It's kind of like， excuse me。

 It's kind of like in sports when you lift weights。

 You wouldn't actually go on the playing field and lift weights on the playing field。I mean。

 unless it's like Crossfiit or world's strongest man or something。

 but for like like a you know baseball or football or basketball or whatever。

 you lift weights to train， you don't lift weights on the field。

 but it's still an important part of the training。 Think of this exercise as lifting weights for your ban or muscles lifting weights for your cleverness and and push pull muscles and teasing muscles and all that kind of stuff。

 This exercise is called sex with me as like and the way where you're going to take a random object that's not a sexual object you say sex with me as like。

 and then you're gonna give the reasons why。So， for example， if it was sex with me is like a chair。

 you'd say sex with me is like a chair， it's good on all fours。 S with me is like a chair。

 you can have it in any room in the house。 S with me is like a chair。

 there'll be hardwood up against your ass， etc ceter， etc cetera。

 etc ceter or sex with me is like a roller coaster。

 you go up and down and up and down and up and down sex with me is like a roller coaster。

 you go faster， faster， faster than you get off。Seextectomy is like a roller coaster。

 there will be pictures being taken when you least expect it， et cetera et cetera。

 sexexomy is like a roller coaster if you ride too long， you might puke。Whatever。

 whatever you can come up with， okay？So these are really good for your general creativity。

 really good for your wit。 They're also good for just figuring out the things that associate with sex because in in game。

 one of the struggles is taking a platonic interaction and make it more mandable than making it more sexual。

 And if you have ways of doing it subtly or with humor。

 It's a lot better than if you're having to do it in a forced clunky manner。

 So that's kind of the purpose of this exercise If you were to use it directly。

 but I don't want you doing this instead， I don't want you inside going like sex with me is like can be like Todd said that's good game。

 It's not okay， don't do that。 like sex is like a broken check。 I have three legs That's good。

 that's very funny。😊，So don't be using this directly in game。 but it's a good exercise。

 And the way to practice this one by yourself， if you have， if you have a partner。

 just go back and forth with a partner and just go until someone can't go until you run。

 you either can't come up with one。 you say someone that make no sense or you say one that you said before right at that point。

 you're done and then you can shoot an object。 If you're by yourself， just set yourself a number。

 So be like， I'm gonna to pick an object。 and I want to be able to bang out like three or four of them as fast as possible。

 right， that's。I'm sure that's gonna to be sexually misinterpreted as as of this exercise we're doing。

 but anyway， be sure you can you know get to that certain number very quickly and without a lot of delay right if you can get to3。

4 or five， especially like around five for just about any object， you're pretty creative。

 you have a lot of options and you know how to sexualize and what you'll do as you learn is you do this you'll start to find patterns。

We're going start to find that certain words are very easy， like the word wet or the word hard， fast。

 slow， soft inside， penetrate。 like there's all kinds of words like that that that are easy to make punch lines。

 the more familiar you get with them。 the more you're gonna be able to misinterpret other things or a girl says something you just like all right。

 you kinky right， something like that。 And then you have a lot more to say Okay but again。

 I don't want you literally doing this exercise inset with a girl by all means do it in the chat。

 it's great。 but I don't want you doing it in with a girl because it's a little weird。

 It's a little cool and gets a very try hard。But what you can do in set with a girl is reframe or misinterpret。

 Okay， and so misinterpreting basically is taking something that isn't particularly sexual or isn't particularly a compliment and acting as though it is one。

 And the thing is， once you've done that once she said something and you interpret it as sexual as a compliment。

 She has two options。 She can either accept your interpretation。

 in which case it has become that And it's become that with it being her fault， right。

 because she's the one that said the initial thing。 So she's the one that sexualized it， so to speak。

Or she can like give you your shit test or protest or whatever in which case you're at least having banter so it's a great way to initiate banter and oftentimes a great way to set the frame or insert a frame that you would like to be true in the interaction All right so the way this exercise works and I'll give this exercise to you。

😊，Is usually I do this with two people usually do with a partner。

 But what you do is you take any sentence with the word I you or we in it。

 First person will say that exercise and then the second person will then take that exercise and misinterpret it。

 I intentionally misunderstand it as a as a compliment or as a sexual advance Okay so for example。

 I'll just give you some some so you understands the general and then Ill throw you guys some as exercises。

 So one example will be like we're having this this conversation from like a different part of the world right now like you're in a different country than me。

RightAnd so how could you misinterpret that。 Well， I'm talking about distance。

 So distance maybe closeness， something like that you'd be like， wow。

's thiss so cute that you know you want to be closer with me。 I'm flattered。

 So now you've taken that completely random statement。

 It's about nothing and you've made it about me and you and you've turned it into a compliment so that's one example there or say for example that I were to comment on what you're wearing wow。

 I could see you're looking me up and down know don't undress with your eyes just yeah。

 but something like that。 where again， it's as though they were coming onto you。

 you're kind of like you're okay with it you're not like offended by it but you're flattered by it。

 but you're not making a big deal of it and you're not the one being the one pushing things forward。

 It' actually pushing things forward in terms of establishing interest So these are examples of stuff like that because I was like he I gotta go home girl I' can't home let's talk here a little bit longer maybe decide probably I'll just take your number and take you on a date。

 but we'll see not not precludding anything。Something like that。So these are examples， again。

 of misinterpretation And again， any sentence that has the word I U or we， I。e。 meaning sorry。

Any sentence that has the word I you or we， So any sentence where there is a personal pro pronoun or a pronoun showing a relationship between you and the person can work for that relationship kind of misinterpretation So practice that if you need examples for this one easy way to do it is find a book that has dialogue find like a fiction book because it'll have the word I you and we more often in it and just as soon as you scroll and find that word。

 misinterpret and then find that word again and misinterpret it you could probably even do some kind of there's probably a creative way。

 you can do like a Google search for the word I and then just like go to the first result and like or like go into a document and just do a search for the word I and then read that sentence a search for the word you a search for the word we There's creative ways to do this。

 But the point is you can get lots to practice on and get really good at this。

 you should be able to misinterpret as a compliment or sexual advance。

 Any sentence with the word I you or we and I have yet to find one that you can't And again。

 if you get really quick with this now you're gonna have tons of options within an interaction。

An exercise I sometimes do I'm doing live coaching with a client if I'm breaking down footage with a client or something like that。

Is that we'll look at his his set， look at his footage and a lot of times it's very platonic。

 Most guys are too platonic in game and they're saying well， how do I sexualize it。

 where's the opportunity and I'll go through the footage like okay cool。

 I'm just gonna stop it and point out every single time I see a chance to make it manda woman every single time I see a chance to make it sexual and I'm literally stopping the footage like every three seconds I'm like oh see what he could have done there。

 see if we could have done there， see if what we could have done there。

 see we could have done there And so I'm seeing something every three seconds。

 the student seeing something none they're seeing like no opportunity to make it sexual Now if I'm actually gaming。

 do I drop that line every three seconds no I don't absolutely not that would be ridiculous。

 that would be weird But the fact that I'm aware of an opportunity every three seconds means that when a good opportunity comes I can take advantage of it and it means that when if it's been too long before I've made it sexual or before I've done sorry too long since the last time I' made it sexual then I have some options to do so so that's what this is really for。

Is to increase your options， is to increase the flirtation available to you。

 So this is another really good good game to practice another good exercise to get really smooth with delivering these things。

 So I highly recommend practicing this until you get to a good level of competence until this becomes pretty fluid and pretty second nature once it is you're just going find that you have a lot more conversational options。

 which is always a good thing。 Another example that's really useful as a technique。

 This is technique again from back in the NlP days of game。 This technique is called quotes。

 the idea here is let's say that。😊，Let's say you'd like to introduce some like you'd like to make a sexual topic occur in the interaction。

 or you'd like to tell a fairly sexual story， excuse me。

But at the same time you don't want to be cheesy， you don't want to be that guy that's just like。

 you know， the sexual pervert guy or the guy that just only talks about sex or you don't want to do it in a miscalibrated way where it's been platonic and that you are supersex。

 so you're a little worried about the risk。What should you do？

One technique technique you can do is this technique called quotes。

 which means you say it as though somebody else said it。 So like， hey， my friend told me X。

 or maybe you tell a story wherere in the story， somebody else does this thing。 So therefore。

 you're getting this thing out there as a fact。 You're bringing up the topic。

 You're bringing up the idea。 And it has to be considered it has to be thought about。

 It's a whole like， don't think of a pink elephant， Yeah， you all just thought of a pink elephant。

 right when you tell this sexual thing in the story。 when you bring it up as part of the narrative。

 it now exists in the conversation， but you're not responsible for it because you quoted someone else。

 instead of you doing it。 Someone else to the action。 Someone else referred it to you。

 You noticed it from someone else， etc ceter。 So this is a great way to。

To try and make those things happen。 And this is is kind of an attraction of value technique。 Really。

 I use this as a a negotiation technique and a persuasion technique， but it's arguing the other side。

 So for example， what you can do is when you would like a certain event to happen。

Instead of arguing for that event to happen， which comes off as what like you have an agenda。

 like you have a。Like you have like a horse in the race， you want this thing to happen。

 you're a little bit needy orre a little bit pushy， et ceter， which can come off as creepy。

 it can come off as untrustworthy， et cetera， instead what is a good thing to do oftentimes is actually argue against yourself but argue against yourself in a way that kind ofs the provokes the answer you want。

Right， so instead of saying， hey， we should get out of here tonight， we should go somewhere， etc。

 Maybe you want to bring up the idea of going somewhere。

 but you don't want to ask because that's a little bit needy， you don't want to get that no。

 you don't want to be pushy， etter。 So instead instead of saying， hey we should gotta here。

 we should go somewhere you know what I just realize I can't I can't take you home tonight。

 I have to get up early in the morning。 Well， it's okay I'm still enjoying hanging hanging out with you here。

 So you know you know， in some ways， it's a relief。

 at least at least I know you won't have your way with me or anything。All， so once you've said that。

Now， a lot of times the girl's gonna， just because， you know， she's， she's， it's a disqualifier。

 she's gonna want to get her validation back。 She's gonna want to maybe win the argument， et cetera。

 She may start arguing though I like， no no， what do you mean you have to get up like。

 what time are you getting up。 You're like， oh， like 10 AM shes like， oh， no， that's not early。

 we could hang out。 And what just happened。Now， she's arguing with you to take you home you just completely flip the script because what you did is instead of you know。

 pushing for your side， you argued the other side， but you argued the other side in a way where the obstacles you are bringing up are very easily solved。

 like they're not the real obstacles， In fact， if anything you're arguing as obstacles。

 the very reasons why your side makes a lot of sense。 So if you're clever about this。

 This is a great way to get the girl to chase you。 It's a great way to get the girl to participate。

 and even like have the girl pull you and have the girl being the driving force of the motivator for things going forward in the interactions。

 This is something I use all the time。To make sure that I'm able to escalate without losing my value and then also specifically even as a a part of the the negotiation。

 so to speak elements of things photos and social media。So we talked about honest signals， right Now。

 photos in social media are not very honest。 We all know this， right people airbrush things。

 people take photos and videos of the absolute best parts of their life， etc ce。

 So they're not actually very honest but they are perceived as honest because we believe that when we see a picture thats it happens。

 like a picture is it's evidence。 It's a form of evidence it's a glimpse of reality。

 So people's first instinctive emotional response on seeing a picture isn't oh， they're faking。

 it's wow， that's beautiful or wow， that's impressive or wow， I'm jealous or wow。

 he's hot or something like that。 Okay， so photos in social media are a great way of conveying something obliquely。

 the other thing that photos in social media are great about is that。😊。

You didn't take the photo for her。You didn't take the social media for her。 I'll know。

 although I know， you know us in the the game， sometimes we did。 But in theory。

 you took it for the world or you took it because the moment was worth capturing， right。

 You didn't take it just specifically for her。 even if you did take it for girls in general。

 at least you didn't take it for just her， you took it for girls as a general category or something like that。

 So with all that said。It is a little bit hard to be needy。 And it's a very way of being oblique。 So。

 for example， if you're showing girl photos and the photos just happen to make you look high value。

 but you showed it for a different reason， Like to show like， oh， this is a picture of my friend。

 It just so happens you're on got with him。Right， so maybe you're talking about your friend but hey。

 did you meet this guy Oh no you have to have met here I'll see if I have a picture Yeah， this guy。

 did you ever meet him right And now you showed a picture for a reason。

 just so happens you're on a yacht。 now you got that bump of high value from being on a yacht as an example。

 Okay so it's a great way of making things appear unintentional， making things appear organic。

 making things appear like they just happened like you didn't have an agenda like it wasn't like a specific outcome in mind for this particular girl。

 So photos and social media absolutely great to be used。😊。

One of the like alltime great lines are great great routines， It does require preparation。

 but it's called the photo routine， which is to just have some cool photos on your phone。

 And then when you're talking to a girl that you just met。

 you have some excuse to show one of the photos and then you just kind of start flipping and you just flip to the next oh yeah。

 that was cool that was cool and then maybe she'll start asking about them and then all of a sudden you're talking about your life but in a very positive way a very accidental way tonality All right so this falls into the category of implied social proof every single time you open your mouth。

 you're conveying your past experience in life。😊，At least that's what the girl thinks So if you seem confident you're conveying that you've had good social excuse me。

 good social feedback and people have liked you to the extent that you still feel comfortable being confident。

 potentially being loud， etc ce。When you're willing to be commanding and assertive。

You're indicating that in the past when you've been commanding an assertive。

 it's gone over well and people didn't beat you down for it， right？

If you're communicating and you're weak and timid， you're indicating that the only way you've learned how to communicate is weak and timid。

 et cetera， does that make sense？So all of these things reflect on you。So yeah， basically， again。

 every single thing you do。 every single nuance in your voice is helping you。

 So let's try and make those as good as possible。 You can work on your voice directly。

 There's exercise for this。 there's like breaking report tonality， which sounds like a question。

 neutral tonality， which sounds flat B report tonality。

 which sounds like kind of like harsh or like a command and you can practice this overtly。

 But the best thing to do is just have the right frame。 Usually the frame dictates the content。

 So if you're coming from a frame of believing of value。 if you're coming from a frame of authority。

 you'll speak authoritatively and that's when you'll generally do the best if when starting a conversation。

 you expect a good response。 You expect the girl to receive what you say well， you will tend to。😊。

Be received well。 if you expect a bad response， you'll tend to get that because it will be coming through in yourtonnality。

 Also in like your body language and eye contact， et cetera。

 Next one is arrogance in passing shit tests。 I mentioned this before。

 But the fact that shit tests are perceived as an on a signal。

 because you didn't create the shit test， you had to pass it on the spot。

 So if you claim to be something amazing。Maybe not believable if a girl shit test you and you pass it well while that is going to be a lot more amazing。

The reason I put arrogance and passing Shi tests is that arrogance being a little bit cocky。

 being a little bit bold， being a little bit like instigating。

Is actually a great way to make a shit test happen and that's what we kind of want to have exist where we want to have occur is to create those shit tests now。

In a perfect world， the girl just like you and but not bother shit testing you。

 but in the real world where I live and you have to get her attention。

 getting a shit test within the first minute or so is huge because it buys you time。

 It buys you the opportunity to convey your personality。 So I'll definitely take that as a standard。

All right。Finally， we're going to talk about passing shit tests as an exercise。

In order to deal with shit test as an exercise， you first need to understand what a shit test even is。

 so what is a shit test well。A shit test is not an insult。 Okay， very， very importantly。

 a shit test is not an insult。 In a different category of things。So something like you're lame。

 you're ugly， you're stupid， etc cea。 That's not a shit test。

 It's an insult right And the way that you handle that， you can kind of reframe those。

 you absolutely can you just have to like， oh， you notice this about me thing you're paying a lot of attention to me or things along those lines or are definitely ways that you can reframe or like you're being so co etc ce。

 There's all kinds of ways to reframe。 But if someone goes way over the top with an insult。

 oftentimes the best way to handle it is just to point it out and point out that it's over the top but like wow。

 that shit escalated fast like wow that's I surprised your mother your parents let you talk to people like that something like that。

 And because they were out of line。And you're out of line， yes， but。

You're less out of line than they were and you're more amusing so you still win right and so a lot of times you can I call it invoking social courtesy。

 I don't know I put my water it's invoking social courtesy so the fact that they step socially out of line you can kind of be the social police in a funny friendly way and it works relatively well。

喂。All right， so， okay， so because shit tests are not insults。

 that means that what they're saying negative is not flat out said， it's implied。

 So instead of saying like。That's an ugly dress， which is an insult， you'd be like， wow。

 that was an interesting fashion choice。And this very misinterpretation。

 very the very fact that you're not explicitly saying it。

 the fact that you're implying it is where the easiest way to pass the shit test exists Instead you just take that implication and turn it backwards。

 So if I say wow， interesting fashion choice in a way that kind of sarcastic and saying by interesting。

 I mean lame。You can basically be like if by interesting， you mean awesome then X Y Z。

 So that's if by X， you mean Y， or glad you find it fascinating， I'd hate to be boring。

 something like that。 So taking the part that is the euphemism。

 euphemism is the thing you say to say the insult without saying it。

 take the euphemism and assume it the other way， take the implied part。

 and instead of taking the obvious implication or the negative implication。

 figure out what the positive implication is instead。 And then once you've done that。

 just say it in the most natural， obvious way possible。

So that's what you're going to be working on there with the shit test。

So first shit says I'm going to throw you guys is you're too short。You're too short。

 My answer easiest one would be like too short for what。I don't， I't know you had in mind。

 but like you're moving way too fast girl， something like that because the only thing that like too short for conversation that doesn't make sense。

 too short to be friends doesn't make sense。 The only thing too short makes sense for is for sex。

 So obviously if she's staying at you're too short。

 she's already thinking of you in terms of sex okay。So。That's the sort of thing。

 I'm thinking of other ones like you're too old and stuff like that。

 which are kind of the same thing， Too old for what， or the way you're thinking of me， et cetera。

 I don't know that is like， but the thing you can do is synonymize it， synonymize it， synonymize it。

 So， for example， they say you're too old。 be like， well， I'm glad you appreciate it but your man。

 But honestly， like I don't have the time for this nonsense st。 I don't have the time for， you know。

 juvenile antics stuff like that is fine。 So instead of old， you misinterpret as experience。

 So you take the negative im synonym and you switch it with the positive im synonym。😊。

If you want to be more explicit about that， you can say if by X mean y， if by old。

 you mean experienced and wise， yes， but don't think that I'm going to share all that with you in the first date。

 stuff like that。So these are all ways that you can take these these negatives and you can misinterpret it。

 So I'm going say what do you mean by the implied part So by the implied part。

 I mean the part that that is that is suggesting the insult but not saying it So where instead of saying like that's lame you say oh。

 that's interesting or instead of saying like you're stupid you'd be like you're that was a little slow on your part。

 something like that right is the part where you like imply it rather than flat out saying it。

Next thing we get to is fashion and style This is probably one of the absolute easiest ways to convey value quickly first impressions matter right。

 we did the priming exercise where excuse me， where the first things you find out about someone when you get the positive qualities first。

You tend to attribute those positive qualities more to the person。Whereas when they come later。

 you've already kind of formed an impression about them。

 Fash and style are literally your first impression before someone before you ever open your mouth。

The way you're dressed， the way you're standing， your posture， your smile。

 those kind of things that's all coming through first。

 What do you want to do in terms of fashion and style。Well， you want to fit in and then some。 okay。

 so the easiest way to get good fashion and style is to copy what's already working。

 Find a guy who is well dressed， who looks like he gets laid and this is actually a good exercise as you go through life。

 Keep a catalog on your head of guys like oh， that guy gets laid Oh that guy gets laid and you're gonna sort of start to see different archetypes。

 you'll see like the bad boy guy who gets laid， you'll see the like like pretty boy well dressed guy who gets laid。

 you'll see the athletic prepppy jock guy who gets laid。

So see these different archetypes and then what you gonna to do is pick one pick an archetype that suits you So pick a guy who seems to be getting girls or a group of guys that seem to be getting a lot of girls that are similar to you and then dress similar to them dress the way those guys are and style your hair the way those guys are and you know hopefully they have a similar body shape or similar ethnicity that kind of stuff So the first thing to do is copy and that's really enough if you're just copying good people copying the right people you're gonna be good if you want to take it just a step further try and add one unique element of your own or some little unique unique bit of flair on your own。

 but be careful with going overboard with this like there's a whole like old school like super peacocking where you're basically dressing I don't want to say like a clown but you're dressing in this way that's very outlandish and very out of alignment with a girls' view of what how she would picture her boyfriend that's not going to work as well and there's actually a great a great joke about this kind of from Eddies are。

A Stan community who was like really big in the 90s and 2000 is now always more of an actor。

 I believe。But he had this thing。 He said James Dean had this like very timeless， very classic。

 like very cool look right what he did is he took like a matchtick put it in the corner of his mouth so it basically had like a matchtick like a toothpick or whatever is it in the corner of his mouth。

 It's like a super cool， super stylish a little bit edgy like just just perfect right but you could go wrong if you went just a little too far with it and you stick another matchtick out of the other corner of your other mouth like the other side of your mouth Now you've gone like full circle you're like cool hip and like amazing and you go looking like a dick head right So that you're right on that line right in that cusp of like cool hip fashionable amazing a little bit extra is even better and then you go too far you're looking like a dick head So just be careful。

😊，Just be careful with that。 You want to go figure out what's working at a little tiny flareair of your own。

 but don't overdo it and don't become a clown， don't become like a caricature of yourself。

 anything like that。 So that's a little brief tidbit on fashion other thing with fashion is buy clothes that fit and that means by clothes that fit the way they're supposed to fit now So if you're dressing if the current style is like very like this style you're going for is like a tight fitting thing buy the clothes fitting tight and hopefully have the body to pull it off if it's more bag ego go for like buy I' actually baggy buy buy the clothes in the right style the way this was a fit the fit is gonna matter as much as the clothes themselves。

And typically for most guys， dressing a little tighter than you typically have is better。

 most guys are probably more on the two baggy side than the two tight side。

 but it depends on a case by case basis， I don't know how you personally dress yet。With that said。

 one other thing we're going to give you guys is we're actually going to send you guys。

 you guys already got the tactical manual。I think you。

 I already got one other thing for one other thing as well， but she got the tactical manual and then。

We're gonna send you this thing。 It's called the fashion and style guide。 Okay， I think it's。

 I w to say it's like 30 pages。's it's somewhere between 20 and 40 pages。

 I think of basically just our tips， our ideas， examples。

 everything you need to get really stylish because this is one of the absolute easiest things you can do for your game。

 And it's absolutely the you know， for being a high value guy in general and just coming off that way。

 starting to live that identity， getting your fashion and style is gonna help you tremendously。

 So we're gonna be sending you that out probably after after the stuff tonight。

 So be on the lookout for the fashion and style guide。😊，It's very well written。

 It should be very helpful。 It's， it's written with。

 I think it mentions some like current trends and stuff like that。

 but it's mainly written to be a guide that you can use always。 So even as trends change。

 the principles behind it are gonna stay the same。 So that's， that's the。

 the context that it's written in。Okay。So you definitely want to check that out。

