# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：03.价值和吸引力：3找平_3 Leveling【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So here I'm gonna just talk briefly about it。 I could really like I could almost do like a half day on leveling。

 which I'm not going to do explicitly here。 But what I'm going to do is I'm gonna introduce the concept of leveling to a lot of you will be familiar with it already。

 And then what I want to do is take specifically questions on leveling。

 So as as the administrators are going through through questions。 We're gonna take all the questions。

 but I'm gonna take probably a healthy dose or a decent amount of questions on leveling because I think it is such a huge concept in terms of value。

 But rather than like prescriptively teach you what I think is most important about leveling。

 I'm gonna introduce the idea。 And then I want to take you guys questions。

 So I can actually tailor the leveling talk to you guys。 All So leveling what is it。😊。

Leveing is the idea that certain things you do indicate your exact level in game or your exact level of value in life。

 and this is a concept that came from poker。 and the idea of leveling in poker is where you you outplay someone in a poker hand because you knew exactly what they were thinking。

 you were able to assess their level of poker sophistication and you were essentially inside their head knowing them as well or better than they knew themselves in that hand。

 at least。So for example， if you see someone make a particular type of mistake at the poker table as you see someone play a hand a particular way。

 they that may indicate to them that they are unaware of certain deep concepts right so they play a hand in a way that indicates so。

Quickly， very quickly in poker， there's different levels。

 There's a level of being able to look at your hand and see what it is。

 There's a level of being able to look at your hand and then assume from the other person's behavior at what their hand might be。

 there's a level of looking at your hand， looking at their being able to assume their hands and then being able to assume what they think your hand might be and you can keep going levels in levels deeper。

 So if the way someone played a hand indicates they're thinking on like level 2 and they seem to think in level 2。

 over a few hands， then if you can play them on level 3。

 you're going own them over and over again if they're on level 1 and you play them on level 3。

 you're gonna to confuse yourself。 but if they're on level1， you play them on level 2。

 you're going to own them over and over again， the key idea is to play one level deeper than them and you're going to completely just like devastate your opponent that way。

 But the key idea though， is their behavior， the way they misplay a particular hand indicated their level indicated that they were a player that's good up to this level but not above it。

 and that made them very easy play against women are responding to certain things you do as a man as leveling behaviors。

So for example， let's say that you are wearing like。

You're just like in your day to day life out and maybe like like a city like New York City where it's pretty trendy and people are well dressed and stuff like that。

 let's say you're out just wearing like a polo shirt and like khakis and like kind of like dress sea shoes and then your like polo shirt is like tucked into your khakis and buttoned up to like the top but like almost to the top button etc。

Well， what does that look say about you Well， it and let's say they're like you know relatively niceish clothes。

 they're like clean and everything like that。 Well。

 it says you you know you don't just you don't shop at Kmar。

 you shop it somewhere a little nicer than they are probably your clothes fit hopefully okay although a lot of people address that way。

 their clothes don't fit very well they're too baggy and stuff like that。

 but hopefully they fit kind of okay but it shows that you're a little like buttoned up。

 you're a little bit like dressing in a way that fits in you're dressing in a way that like you're trying to be casual。

 but you're kind of not casual， you're still a little too dressed to be casual etc。

 essentially you're dressing like a demographic of guys who is good enough to not get made fun of but not good enough to stand out and be the center of attention and be the star And so you are leveling your stuff。

 a girls gonna that may or may not be accurate to the person。

 but the girl is going to look at that person and just assume they're at that level assume they're like at a level I don't know like five or six or something like that as a man。

 They're definitely not a one or two They're not like a scrub。 They're not homeless。

 They're not poor。You know， those kind of things， but they're not like cool hip and fabulous。

 they're just， you know， kind of middle of the road and it's a very。

 it's a fairly strong indicator of that particular level。

Or let's say that a guy were to brag about getting into a nightclub and then the club he bragged him about getting into wasn't actually that exclusive。

Well， that's leveling because on the one hand， well。

 he did get into that club that was maybe a little bit exclusive， so he's not a complete dipit loser。

 He has like some idea of what's going on， but one it shouldn't be a big deal getting into a club and guys who like get into close regularly don't even talk about it and two。

 if the club you're talking about isn't even that difficult to get into when someone knows it。

 the fact that that was a struggle for you excuse me。

 indicates you really aren't to 10 out of 10 as a guy。So， overall。In that case。

 you've leveled yourself okay other things would be like if you escalate physically without knowing what you're doing quite the fact that you are escalating。

 in fact， you're confident enough to believe in yourself is really positive。

 the fact that you don't know what you're doing is very negative and so you're indicating again your level。

And so there's a lot of these things that are leveling behaviors。

 And here's the thing that's really insidious about leveling。 As you learn game。

 you get better and better at it。 And so you're going to at first be attracting girls that are maybe like sixs and sevens and then sevens and8s and then8s and nines and on up。

And the funny thing is the exact same thing that works on a six or a7 might be the exact same thing that fails with a9 or a 10 right So for example。

 if you have a trait that levels you at an8 says I am a male8 Well。

 with a six or a7 she's gonna love you for that and she's gonna be very attractive。

 she may even compliment you on it and you're like， hey， this is a good game。

 This works Then you do the exact same thing on a9 or a 10 and it indicates hey。

 I'm an eighth the9 or1 is like not interested。 hey good luck to you all the respect in the world we need our8s in the world。

 but just not for me And so you've leveled yourself and you've actually made it harder for yourself to get those higher caliber girls。

 but it's very hard to weed out because again， it's the very same thing that used to be working。😊。

So in general for leveling any behaviors that are out of character or gimmicky are oftentimes leveling behaviors。

 any things where you're overtly bragging or you're trying to show value in a way that's kind of obvious can be a leveling behavior different things along those lines。

 so that's just a quick primer on leveling。