# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：10.附录（完整记录）：第1天-第1课时（完整录音）_Day 1 — Session 1 (Full Recording)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey guys， welcome， sorry that we are a few minutes late。 we are finally live。 My apologies。

 I actually literally went to the wrong webinar room and did the first five minutes in the wrong place。

 so I apologize for that but we should be good to go now The content's gonna be great and hopefully that'll be our only hiccup Every time we do a live event there's at least one hiccup so hopefully that's the one we got it out of the way and we're good to go So thank you guys so much for joining me for value masterclass is like it says on the slide day one session one go through with you a little bit about what to expect what we're gonna to do over the two days and how you can get the most out of the program and then we will get into the material itself。

😊，So first thing is schedule。 we're gonna to have two sessions today。

 we're going go for about two and a half hours。 We'll have a little bit of break。

 I'll give you some homework to do over the break for those of you who are extra industrious and honestly you all should do it it doesn't even take that long So we're going to do that I'm going to take your questions throughout but at specific times so' not gonna be consistently checking the chat because that would be very distracting I have a couple people on my team who'll be checking the chat that'll be going through and they'll be sifting out the questions that are relevant that are on topic that we think are going to be the best for the most people if we don't answer your specific question。

 don't be annoyed it might be because it's covered somewhere else in the program it might be because it's gonna be covered on day two and it will be some other opportunities afterwards to ask questions we're going to try and get to the ones that we think are most on topic most relevant I'm going help the most people out Also if we see a certain question over and over again from different people doesn't mean spam the chat with your question but if we see the same question over and over again from different people that'll be a good indicator to us that that's something a lot of people want to know。

We're going to try and to be as cognizant and smart about that as we possibly can also after today's session。

 we're lucky enough in that this is a two day event。

So if there are specific things that you're like I really wish we'd seen that or definitely make sure to cover this on day two。

 let me know those kind of things and I will do the best I can to try and include those in day two's outline we have basically we have the outline ready for day two and we have everything pretty much ready to go。

 but we can always slip a few extra things into it as needed as far as the outline of the sessions。

 we're gonna to start off with understanding the world and understanding the principle of value and what it is then we're going go with the second half of today into female psychology and value in game specific techniques。

 how to convey value that kind of stuff and then day two we're gonna to get into how to become value how to use techniques of value in areas outside of just game。

 how to use them in life in general and then also how to make them a habit and one thing we're gonna focus on which we'll get to is we're gonna to work on creating at least one really high value habit for you that you can sort of start implementing with this program。

And we can on the followup calls and follow up Facebook group and the touch points we can hopefully motivate you guys and help you guys on that process of developing a high value habit One because every high value habit you can get is a good thing and two because the process of developing one will help you at the process of developing others So that's a little bit about kind of the structure of everything next up。

 I want to know a little bit about you So specifically I'm going use various examples。

 I'm going to explain things with metaphors， I'm explain things in particular context I'll tell certain stories or tell other stories and I want to know kind of the demographic So I believe my team will be sending you guys a few different poll questions。

They're just basic biographical stuff I think it's like your age。

 your let's see your age where you're at in terms of like your business success。

 how many girls you' slept with and then your own perception of your value so those polls should be coming up briefly try and answer those when you get a chance the more people who answer them the better idea I'm going have of who you are and who I'm speaking to and again I can cater what I do in the second session in the second day to all of you guys okay so that should be helpful in terms of all of that。

All right， so cracking into the actual kind of content of the program itself。

First of all we're going to talk about psychology right because value comes from psychology。

 value comes from that which is uniquely human about us。

 what we understand and how we go through the world as human beings。

 and the fact of the matter is that perception is imperfect。

 right what we're seeing as as the world is not the actual world。

 It's our model of the world it's our world as we take it in through our senses。

 right what we say we can only know of the world what we take in through our eyes， our ears。

 our nose， our mouth and our our hands and touch。 But also our brain is filtering things out as well。

So to start off with I actually want to do as far as people I see some things in the chat people saying they only got one question。

 different things on the polls， just be patient with that I'm sure all the questions will be coming if you are having some issues with it and as far as the results of the polls I think they'll be displayed once the polls are closed if not I'll show them to you on a later session just for you guys interest so as far as that goes。

All right， what I want to do right now is a couple quick exercises for you guys so you can understand perception and how perception works。

 And one thing in terms of with this course， obviously I'm not literally interacting with you live doing these exercises。

 but the more you do the exercises with me and the more you participate the more you're gonna to get the experience of what's going on here as opposed to just the information。

 I want this to be both， I want this to be informational but also experiential。

 So when I do particular activities and exercises， try and participate when when I ask you questions or play little games。

 try and actually like be a part of the game， it's going to make the experience better for you。

 it's kind of like it's like if you were watching a magic act and you just showed up for like something being revealed。

 but you didn't carefully watch the rest of trick and know what's going on you wouldn't get the full effect it kind of would lose its punch So try to try to participate and try and actually experience the thing and that way the emotional impact would be greater and what we're gonna talk about with perception。

 obviously emotional impact is huge in game。It's huge for us in life， okay。

 not too much further I do。Let us get into the exercises。

 What I want you to do for the first exercise is I want you to actually keep your。

 keep your audio on so you can hear me， but close your eyes。 All right， and with your eyes closed。

I want you to just like kind of become aware of things around you。

So obviously you're going to hear my voice， but when there's silence， hear the sounds in the room。

 I'll give you a second， just hear that hear the sounds in the room you might not have been aware of before。

Like maybe there's a floor creaking or maybe there's birds outside， maybe。I don't know。

 Maybe you' your refrigerators humming， right， Maybe there's someone breathing if you're in like a crowded dorm。

 I don't know。 but there are some sounds that you probably weren't aware of before。 Al right。

 now I want you to go to it another thing。 Think about what is your， Where your sitting or standing。

 What do your， your butt feel against the seat， What do your feet feel against the floor， right。

 What， How do your clothes feel against your skin， right。I is the room you're in warm or cold？

Are there any smells present？Al right， so these are all things that are constantly around you。

 I'm sure as you are listening in and doing this activity。

 you notice things you haven't noticed before or you're not generally noticing like you don't notice the way your shirt feels against your skin all the time because it's not important it's just not relevant but you're constantly feeling it and your brain is sifting through that information and regarding it is unimportant or the way your butt feels against the chair unless it's actively hurting because you've been sitting too long。

 you probably don't notice those kinds of things and then the random sounds。

 the white noise these are all things you don't notice because you're not primed to pay attention to it so you only pay attention to the things that are relevant you now we're gonna do maybe a maybe a more compelling example and maybe an example that's gonna get more to the heart of how your brain works even when your brain is working So what I want you to do right now。

 if you have a phone put it somewhere you can't see it， put it in your pocket turn it upside。down。

Put it somewhere that you absolutely cannot see or access your phone in any way， okay？

And then oh sorry， what we're going to do。mIs。I want you to。

With your phone away where you can't see it， understand that your phone is something you look at for some of us hundreds of times a day。

 for some of us， even more。 Saly， right， It's something you look at a lot。

 The screen of your phone is probably one of the things you see the most in your entire life。

But how much do you really pay attention to it？So for example， again。

 without looking at your phone that would ruin this， don't look at your phone。

 I when you think about what is the on your phone， what is the background of your phone。

 do you have a background image， you have a background color， is there a pattern on it？😡。

How about on your home screen？Are there there apps there， How many is the screen full or not？

If you have like a dock， like a shortcut stock， how many items are in that shortcut stock。

 What are they， What are， what are those most common apps that you use all the time。

 What order are they in， Allright， things like that。

 How big or small are the are the icons on your phone。 How many can you see on that home screen。

different things like that Okay， what is the top bar look like is is it like the the the little informational bar that shows like the wfi and the different apps running what what apps are up there in and what order are they in。

So think about all these things。 And again， this is something you look at every single day。

 This is something you're very familiar with that you see all the time。 All right。

 now that you've thought about that， now you've tried to remember it， I want you to。

Pull out your phone and check and see how accurate or inaccurate you were Did you get the apps right。

 Did you get the background right， What about the stuff at the top。

 There's other things we could have talked about like what kind of buttons are on your phone and things like that。

So if you have a keyboard， different things like that。

 did you notice those things or did you forget about them？😡，O。So a lot of you probably。Sorry。

 a lot of you guys probably didn't remember a lot of the stuff on your phone and that's fine。

 that's kind of the point。 And that's something you look at every day。

 And some of you may have remembered it of the people I've done this with。

 I think about like 75 80% are like really clueless about it and then like a tiny fraction like maybe even less。

 maybe like maybe even less like 10% actually knows what's on their phone because most people are not just are not paying attention to that。

 Okay， so now that you've done that close your phone again put it away。Okay。

 everybody got your phone in your pocket， You're not looking at it anymore。Now I want to ask you。

 just opened your phone， you've just logged in， you've just checked it out。

 I want to ask you what time did your phone display when you looked at it。And my guess is。

You probably don't know。Even though。You just looked at it， even though in order to unlock your phone。

 you had to do it， even though on the screen you were just looking at， the time was there。

You probably didn't look because you weren't looking for that specific thing。

 And that just goes to show that in any given moment in life。

 we are noticing the things that we are paying attention to。

 We're noticing the things that we are primed for， the things that we're trying to look for。

 but we don't notice the background。 We don't notice the white noise。

And this is very relevant for you in game， it's also very relevant for you in watching this event。

Okay， we're going to do two more exercises， sorry。We do two more exercises really quickly and these ones are I'm going couch these by saying that these are not going to be like presented in the exact perfect way that they could be so hopefully they'll work out these are supposed to be done in like a double blind psychological trial so to speak but we're going do them we're going to do them live and hopefully you get you'll get some of the effect of them as well。

Okay， so what I want you to do is I'm going to give you a series of numbers and I want you to approximate this sum。

 It's going be probably too many numbers for you to add， but I want you to try and add them up。 Okay。

 so ready to add these up。8，15，2016，25，102，40，62，79，98。 Now。

 most of you couldn't add those up as you are going。 So just kind of approximate it。

 approximate what you think that sum is。 give me give me a number of what you think is if you could add them all up in your head good for you and just give the number。

 but try and think about what that number is。 Okay， try and get a feel for it。

Let me give you a minute。And then now that you've kind of got an idea that first one。

 I'm going to give you another string of numbers， I want you to add these up。

These numbers are going to be。98，79，62，40，102，25，16，20，15，8。All right。

Add up that second string of numbers or approximate it the best you can and let me know how you do with that。

Okay。So。In general。I'm going to do like a little little reveal of the results here。In general。

 this is not not universal。 and I don't know exactly to what degree of the margin fars I didn't run the psychological experiment。

 but in general， people tend to approximate the first set of numbers as lower and the second set of numbers is higher。

And the reason for that is you start off adding small numbers in the first set and you get the idea that you're adding numbers that are like。

 you know， one and two digit numbers relatively low， okay？And some people are saying in the chat。

 it's the same。 It is the same， right， They are the exact same numbers。

 They are just in the reverse order When you're given the the small numbers first。

 because your brain gets the idea， you're adding a series of small numbers。

 it automatically assumes a smaller sum once it gets confused once it can no longer handle the numbers being thrown at it。

 whereas when you start off with larger numbers。Your brain。You know。

 gets the idea of the impression that the numbers are like high to digit numbers and then you're going to get a big a bigger kind of sum。

 The point is that there is a priming effect。 There's effect to how something is presented。

 You can present the exact same information in two different ways and it's perceived very。

 very differently。 Okay， I'm going to give you one final example of this。

 and then we're going to get more into the specific stuff with the way it's going relate to game。

 And actually， the next this next example is going to relate to game just a bit more。

Because we're now talking about a person。 Okay， so I'm going to describe a person to you。

 and I want you to imagine this person as I describe them。 All right， this person is intelligent。

 industrious， impulsive， critical， stubborn and envious。Okay。

 so I want you to think to yourself how likable is this person right， is this a very likable person。

 not a very likable person you could you could put on a scale if you want to whatever。

 but just again， how likable is the person I just described。Take a second， Think about it and then。

Once you've done that。We are going to describe a second person for you。 and I want you to。

Imagine this person。This person is envious， subborn， critical， impulsive。

 industrious and intelligence。And the question is， how likable is this second person？

How likable is the second person？And in general， again， this note normally is presented。

 And by the way， the the characteristics， again， spoiler for you guys， maybe be picked up on it。

 The characteristics are the exact same characteristics。right， The exact same characteristics。

 They're just presented in a different order。And when when this was given to people in separate trials like they weren't given one and then the other。

 but they're given one on a page or they're like one random persons given person A。

 one random person is given person B， and they tabulate the results over a big sample size。

 they found that in general， when someone was given the likable characteristics first。

 it tended to make all the other ones associate more with it。

And then when people are given the nonlikable characteristics first。

 it made people associate more with it。 I think for most of you， that's probably how it was。

 Some of you may have done it backwards。 like it may may have gotten the opposite result and that will happen because this is a statistical correlation。

 It's not 100% thing。 But the point is presenting the exact same thing in a different order。

 change your perception presenting the characteristics one way or another。

 will'll change your perception。 there's a couple of reasons for these's what's called primacy bias meaning when you hear something first。

 then you tend to latch onto that。 there's also a bias where there's recency bias。

 which is what the most recent thing sticks in your memory more So actually probably the best way to do this。

 I actually reverse the list， the best way to do this if you're do a longer list would be actually just to put the the likable qualities in the middle for one and the unlikable qualities on either book end and that would probably be the most extreme effect and then doing it the opposite。

 again， though， the point is。😊，That our perception tricks us One way or another。

 the way that information is presented has a massive impact in how that information is received。

 It has a massive impact in in all of that。 Okay so the takeaway from all of this is that you are not living in reality。

 You are you're trying to。 your senses are doing the best you can。

 your brain is doing the best you can。 But there is too much information coming in for you to take it all in。

 So your brain has to use shortcuts called heuristics to understand and make sense of what is going on in the world。

 And you just do the best you can with that。 and that's very useful in communicating with other people because if you know the heuristics they're using。

 then you know， that's helpful to you， if you know your own heuristics for thinking you can get on your own internal psychology and make internal change better than you would be able to otherwise。

Okay， so why does this matter， why does this phenomenon matter， there's two reasons for you。

First reason is you get what you focus on。So as you're going through today's event。

I want you to be focused on the right things， so today and tomorrow 11 hours of learning time in total。

😡，There's going to be a lot of information thrown at you right。

 there's going to be a ton there's no way you're possibly going to grasp it all by all means try and take notes by all means you guys are beginning to be able to rewatch this later so you can always go back and focus on different sections of it because you're not going be able to take it all in in one sitting。

😡，But I do want you to get the most out of it with every sitting and the most out of it in general。

 So with that said， I want you all to think about what your own personal goals and what your own personal focus are Okay so every single one of you when you signed up for this course。

 you had a particular idea in your mind maybe it's an idea of a question that you thought would be answered in the course that you really wanted to get the answer to or maybe it's an idea of like a vision of yourself and who you want to be and you thought。

 okay， this course can help me turn into that person or maybe there's a particular pain point or sticking point that you've had that you really want to get over。

Whatever that is， I want you to think about what is your one thing。

 what is your one thing that if you could get it out of these two days out of this course。

 that would make the whole thing worth it in and itself like that would be worth the price of admission all by itself right and as we're going。

 I want you to be primed be ready to pay attention to that thing right so if the thing you're talking the thing maybe your thing is that you've you know that you've gotten picked on and you're timid and shy well anytime we talk about timidity or shyness or social pressure or any of that kind of stuff。

 maybe that should like light up a bell for you and you should be thinking about that。

If we're talking about like self-discipline and habits maybe a lot in day two。

 if you have particular habits that you know are bad habits and you really want to get over those and have more high value habits in your life。

 that's something you should be focused on So I want you to think what is your one thing the other thing this is gonna help you with not only in terms of digesting the program is that because you guys are on here live and because you guys can ask me questions and also because you'll be able to ask questions on the Facebook and on the followup sessions that we're gonnare four followup sessions after this as well。

 because of all that your questions will dictate some of the content right So if you know what you're focused on。

 you're gonna know what to ask questions about So number one I want you to be focused on the right things so that you will get the most out of this presentation So that's number one number two reason why this matters So yeah write your number one desired takeaway I'm kind of got ahead of myself there。

But yeah I would like you to actually write it down I gave you this this idea of what is your one thing actually do write it down because at the end of this year're not going to remember it。

 so please go ahead write it down etc。😊，The other thing though。

 that's very important for this selective focus characteristic is this is how game works game basically works。

 especially things like cold approach or things like online dating。

 which is very much like marketing and you have to get someone's attention that's sort of an endeavor。

mGet people to focus on the right things， getting people to focus on things you choose rather than the things they would naturally choose is going to be incredibly useful。

 you know， if you're the one choosing the emphasis if if you're the one choosing the nature of the conversation you're having。

 if you're the one choosing what is of value， if you're dictating value in the conversation。

 you're going to be a much better situation and a much better position。😡。

So that is a big part of how game works says something we're going to keep coming back to over and over again is these little perception triggers these ideas of how you're being perceived and how different aspects of you。

 different events can trigger these different effects in someone else that you're interacting with。

Okay， and what do we notice， we notice that things that are emotionally relevant。

 specifically in general， things that are emotionally relevant are things that we attribute as having value。

 right， the whole idea of this this event， value event， things that are of value to us。

 we view as emotionally relevant， also things that are a threat to us。

 So something is either valuable or threatening then we're going to be more likely to notice it than we would。

 if it wasn't either valuable or threatening。哦。So your goal or one of your first goals when dealing with women or really dealing with anyone you want to make an impression with is to become emotionally relevant。

 okay？So this is a little chart。Basically， this is your emotional range or the emotional range of a normal person。

I will take myself off the chart so you can see the whole chart for a second。

So this is emotional relevance。And this range between the plus and the minus here。

 these dotted lines。That's sort of a normal experience。

 That normal experience is because it's normal， very forgettable， right。

 That's like why when you drive to work。 for those who still are driving to work。

 maybe a bad example at this time in life， but you forget that commute or when you're like brushing your teeth and g for bed。

 you forget that process that's something you do every single night like habit。

 your brain basically switches off during the process， that's not at all memorable。

 If you have a very similar conversation to 100 other conversations you've had。

 it's not very memorable。 But when someone massively insults you， it's memorable。

 Someone massively compliments you， it's memorable。

 if you're driving to work and there's an accident and you like almost die in the accident。

 it's very memorable So anything that's outside of your normal range is memorable because it's a value or it's a threat So your goal。

 especially early on a game is to do things that are either in the blue sorry in the green sections or the red sections。

😊，Where it is outside of the normal range of human experience and therefore is going to stand out。

And along these lines， we're going to get to a very old but very important concept in game。

 which is the concept that attraction is not a choice This is a concept I first became aware of in around 2002 from a man named David Di'angelo who wrote wrote a book and there's a central theme of his book was this idea that attraction is not a choice。

And what this means basically is you don't choose who you have a strong emotional response to that emotional response is preconscious or subconscious right。

 it's not like you're thinking I should like this person because this this and this。

 you feel an emotion and then you rationalize that emotion afterwards and that rationalization。

Can be thrown through a lot of different filters That rationalization can be put through logical filters。

 your interpretation of it can can change， but the fact you felt that emotion is fairly subconscious。

 For example， if right now， wherever you are， especially if it's in your house he to a be a little weird。

 but if like a random hot girl just walked by you in your room or wherever you're watching this。

 you would probably notice her you would probably notice her and even if it wasn't weird that you know a random strangers in your room in general in life。

 if random hot girl walks by you notice her more than you notice an unattractive girl。

And you probably notice even the moderately attractive girl more than you notice an average guy。

 unless the guy looks scary， in which case you might start to notice him more。So again。

 what we respond to what we have an emotional reaction to is not a choice。

 how we act on that choice is so for example， if you saw that hot girl walk by。

 but you happen to be married or have a girlfriend。

 you might not do anything about it if you saw that hot girl walk by and you're very scared and have approach anxiety。

 you might not do anything about it etc so acting on it is your own choice if you saw a hot girl walk by and you're motivated and you know you' go getter for game。

 you might definitely go talk to her。But either way you'd be feeling that emotion and girls feel the same thing around a high value guy is just that for them it's not entirely based on the visual。

 it's based on your actions， it's based on how you convey yourself。

 it's based on your personality and who you are and those kind of things。

 but a girl having an emotional reaction to a high value guy is not a choice。That said。

 sometimes that reaction is not always positive or it can be interpreted different ways and also it doesn't mean that just because she sees you as high value that she's necessarily going to sleep with you right that's not a given。

 but that feeling of attraction at the very least is not a choice that is absolutely going to happen outside of their control。

All right。So that's kind of。A few ideas in terms of emotional relevance。 Now。

 let's talk about what types of things are of value and what types of things more than just being of value must be of value based on the world such as it is。

 like how can we have a general model for determining if something is a value if something is a high value trait。

So in general for this。It's all going to come back to evolution。 Okay， fundamentally， we are animals。

 emotionally， especially we are animals。 our cognitive brains， our， our deep logical。

 rational thinking did not develop anywhere near as quickly as。

Our emotions did and so as animals we are governed by emotion first and we're a lot more similar to cats。

 dogs， chickens and fish than you maybe might think that we are and a lot of this stuff that we do was already programmed into us kind of biologically at that point because the emotional sorry the reproductive struggle that we have has not fundamentally changed reproductively fundamentally as soon as you're past asexual reproduction as soon as you're into sexualual reproduction。

 you have a male and a female of a species and you have competition for that you know that resource of breeding and that really hasn't changed it's fundamentally very。

 very similar even down to the lowest animals so we're going to start off with some some of those animal examples and we're gonna to look at them and see what we can learn from them in terms of what is attractive and what is attraction and that kind of stuff。

So yeah， again， it all comes down to survival and reproduction。

 And I do want to point out that its survival and reproduction， not just survival。 right。

 There's idea survival of the fittest。 It's not actually survival of the fittest to survive。

 It's survival of the fittest to reproduce， right， So for example， things like。

Having a propensity towards。Um， like Alzheimer's in your 70s。

Probably doesn't affect survival and reproduction very much。 right， It's not gonna。

 It's not something that's going to be as likely to be weed out。

 especially many long ago when people didn't live as long from this sort of survival and reproduction natural selection game。

 because by the time someone was 70， they were already。

past the reproductive potential in the evolutionary environment， however。

 something that determines your status when you're 16， 17， 18。

 1920 as a man and determines how you move through life and what your position in the tribe is might have a tremendous impact on your survival and reproduction。

 so that is something that's going to be much more selected for。

So I do want to point out it's not just fitness to survive， it's fitness to reproduce。

 so anything that's relating to your years after your reproductive window is not really going to matter and stuff that doesn't relate to passing your genes along as directly is going to be less emphasized than this than stuff that does。

O。let's look at some animal examples。So this bird is the swallow and no puile high school jokes。

 please。 So this is the swallow。 And the swallow is a very interesting bird because。

Essentially it has a few different mating strategies so the way it works is that you have the there's two things that need to happen for for a swallows right one is that the the female swallow needs to be fertilized right needs to have a male swallow get her pregnant essentially and then the second thing that needs happen is once she's once the eggs have been laid。

 someone needs to tend to the eggs someone needs to help take care of those eggs。

And so a swallow has two different reproductive options。

 which are actually pretty similar to the reproductive options that a human being will have。

 One option is to mate with one female swallow and guard that nest vigilantly and try and invest all their eggs in one basket。

 so to speak， and really invest in that basket and take care of that that nest of eggs。

The other example or the other sorry， alternative strategy that a swallow can employ is this strategy of getting as many female swallows pregnant as possible。

And then hoping that the nests that they got the female swallows impregnated for will be taking care of one way or another。

 whether by you know some other male swallow or just hoping that by random chance they do okay with just the female taking care of them or whatever。

 but it's unlikely because there is a decent amount of care needed。

 so most likely you're hoping that some other male will be in their tending to the eggs that you have to have fertilized in that case。

And so the question is， which strategy is best， right？ So that's， that's the real question。

 People talk about this with with with human beings， lover and provider， which strategy is best。

 It better be a lover， better be a provider within the， you know。

 sort of the dating community and the pickup community。 There's definitely this strong。

 I see people saying like second， second strategy for the win and comments like that， right。

 It definitely is more。😊，Cool seeming in some on some level that sort of a thing to do the the impregnantable women's strategy。

 and there's there's certainly a macho element to it。 But the question is， which is actually better。

 which is actually more effective at getting genes to the next generation and for the swallow。😊。

The answer is it depends， it actually completely depends on what the other swallows are doing。

So if most of the swallows are tending to the nests。Then in that case。

 it becomes highly beneficial and a massive improvement reproductively to go around and try and impregnate the female swallows and then hope that some guy will be guarding the nest and watching out for them because the other swallow strategy is specifically helping you。

On the other hand， if all all the swallows start using that strategy and all of them start just like sleeping around。

 so to speak， then all of a sudden the nests are generally not being tended to。

 and females are going to start placing more emphasis on the nest being tended and also just a lot of the effort that's being spent sleeping with a random female swallow is just being wasted because the eggs are going to wasteted not being tended and not ever actually maturing to anything。

So what happens is it's what's called an evolutionary stable strategy or a balanced strategy where basically depending on what the world is doing。

 a different strategy is favored right， Okay， so what are takeaways for us as human beings Well。

 first takeaway is this very same strategy exists and works for us as human beings right we we have the same strategies of。

You know， having kids and like taking very close care and being monogamous and having one woman。

 or we have the strategies of going around and trying to get as many women pregnant as possible。

 And depending who's doing what the different strategies work differently and different。 you know。

 to to a certain extent， also our strategies are flexible over time and it depends， right。

 So modern technology， birth control， things like that have affected this strategy as well。

 excusecus me， Abs， things like that， that can can affect reproductive potential can affect whether someone。

Proceeds through with a particular pregnancy。 Also。

 the fact that resources have become more abundant。

 And so it's less likely that a child left alone will actually not survive。

 That affects the strategy as well。 So these different factors that are constantly pulling on both sides pulling and tugging both sides。

 And it's a dynamic strategy。 What the best thing to do depends on。You know。

 what other people are doing， It also depends on your value relative to others， right。

 how capable you are of executing one strategy or another factors in as well。

 But the point is there's not one absolute best strategy。 It's a flexible strategy。

 even for a creature as simple as the swallow。 And we as human beings are tremendously more complex。

 so。You can only imagine the complexity we deal with。All right。

Next animal what we're looking at here， This is a fish。 I believe it's a fighting fish。

 which actually is。Sort of irrelevant， but sort of relevant。In any case。

 what I'm going to talk about right now is a phenomenon that's known as the winter effect and the winter effect is a phenomenon that's seen throughout the entire animal kingdom。

 but it's very strongly seen in certain fish and certain reptiles in particular。

 but it is seen in animals in general， and it is seen in human beings。Basically。

 what the winter effect does is whenever an animal wins specifically for fish wins in a fight。

They will get a boost of， I believe it's still adrenaline in fish that that makes them more Al seeming and makes them more aggressive and makes them more confident in the next fight。

And it will actually help them to win in the next fight and so what you'll see is if you have a fish that have won or lost in a fight。

 you have A beats B， B beat C， C beats D， and D beats E。

 youll also have A B E and AB D because these testosterone bumps will have fundamentally made the fish more confident better fighters so there's a sort of a transitive effect。

😡，It's kind of funny enough if you look at fish that haven't fought or haven't participated。

 they won't have that clear delineation because there was nothing to compare against。

 but you will still see effects that fish with more overall testosterone will be more quote unquote alpha than fish with those lower testosterone and each time a fish loses in a fight it actually gets I believe it's still cortisol for fish。

 but it gets the chemical that makes it more beta that makes it more afraid to fight more selective of its chances。

 etc， et ceter。And this fighting also does affect attractiveness for the female as well。

So this very same phenomenon is seen in us as human beings。 The more often we win at life。

 the more we get testosterone right the more we get that confidence。

 the more we believe we can win and it actually will help us to win。

 especially in direct physical confrontation， but even in other things that are not a physical sorry that are not a physical confrontation。

 we will actually get more of this from having victories。

 And so this is important in structuring your life。

 especially when you're pursuing goals so that you'll have victories， especially in game。

 structuring you going out， structuring the process in such a way that you are winning and you are feeling good and you are are building your quote unquote Alphaness as opposed to distracting from it。

 that's gonna to be very， very important in terms of。

How much you can stick with something and how well you can execute on any particular thing。All right。

Finally， an example a lot of you guys will be familiar with is the peacock whenever we talk about evolution in animals we always talk about the peacock there was even an idea in game called peacocking back in the day。

 which basically was the idea of wearing outlandish clothing or dressing in a way to get attention specifically because one getting attention puts you on a female's radar but more importantly there's actually something being conveyed here。

 which is resilience or resistance to pressure and this is a highly highly attractive quality。

Some funny comments going on right now， which is good。 This is an attractive quality。

 So this peacock in order to have this， this bright plumage that he has， there's two things going on。

 One is he has to have good nutrition。 If he didn't have the right sort of nutrients or vitamins in his body。

 He wouldn't be able to physically make these colors。 So he's showing that he's healthy。

 which is a huge sign of attractiveness。 But the other thing he's doing is he's putting on a presentation。

 the fact that he is brightly colored and hasn't been killed， actually does convey a lot of value。

 it conveys that not only is he able to survive， he's able to thrive He's able to super survive。

 so to speak。😊，And the same thing actually exists in human beings。 So when human beings。

 specifically men in this case， do risky things and have not been punished for them， it actually is。

All right， guys， hopefully we're back， hopefully this sounds good again。You guys can let me know。

 I'll put the chat back up in a second。So we can see if we're good。

 and then I'm going to get back get us back up to where we were in this slide presentation。Hang on。

Hopefully there's a way that I can。I don't know how to advance these other than one at a time。

Give me one second check guys is the is the chat Okay chat's good again Okay。

 give me a second to get the slides back up to where they were So I had to basically reload the entire room so I have to forward the slides There probably is a way to do these automatically but I don't actually know how to get right back to where I was so I'm just gonna forward it back to where I was so sorry about that。

 but you get a nice little review of where we're at。So we are up to the peacock。All right。

 we should be live again， sorry about that on the audio Hopefully it't it doesn't mess up if it does continue to mess up。

 we will take more drastic measures， but it's good to know actually。

 I think just what I did with the reset work so we can always do that if we need to。So okay， anyway。

 I was， I don't know exactly where I was on the peacock。

 but I was basically explaining how if you've done something that is very risky and you survived it。

 The girl， because she's seen you survive at risk， thinks of you as actually higher value than if you hadn't done that risk。

 even though the risk itself may have been dumb， even though the risk itself was stupid right again。

 remember attraction is not a choice。 So her logical mind might go idiot。

 but her emotional mind is saying， oh， you know what， that's kind of hot。

 So just do keep that in mind and and keep in mind that boldness in general。

 especially when it's you know。in a situation where boldness does not have a lot of downsides where the risk is actually maybe it's perceived as high。

 but it's actually not very high， it's actually a good opportunity to step up and to gain a lot of value through doing that also in terms of when we talk about fashion and style and those kind of things which we will do and I'm actually gonna send you guys an extra resource at some point today regarding fashion and style too but when we talk about fashion style。

 remember this idea of peacocking because you don't want to be crazy about it。

 but it is better to be looked over than overlooked in general。

 So these are ideas to keep in mind overall。Okay。Okay， so now you may say， okay， that's just animals。

 whatever， who cares， where we're smarter than that， why does this relate， etc？

It's so important in the comments， just be careful being bold at work。

 Yeah obviously you want to be smart about these different things。

 There's a reason why you haven't why why we do have the filters that we have and why we do have the risk taking。

 you know apparatus built into us and we can calibrate and things like that But let's talk about some weird human reproductive behaviors and weird human mating behavior shall we so just just so we can see how value is perceived and how value is dealt with weirdly in humanity。

So the first is what I call the power of disinterest All right。

 if you were talking to a girl and you gave her tons of compliments and were super nice to her。

And we're buying her gifts and kissing her ass and begging and pleading her to go out with you and just offering that if she was with you。

 you'd give her the world。On a purely logical level。

 you would think that that should be good for her。 You're offering her more value。

 you're offering her more of yourself。 you're offering her。You know， a lot of kindness。

 a lot of positivity， all these things。 but what will happen in reality is that those things you're offering will probably just be largely disregarded or devalued because it seems needy。

 it seems like it's your only strategy。 It seems like you're only being nice in order to get something potentially it seems like a coping mechanism really。

 whereas if you show some disinterest that will actually will go a lot further towards getting on a girl's radar right by actually like teasing a girl or even sometimes going as far as like giving a girl actual shit。

 even like a full on dis or like actually being unavailable while that seems like a negative thing。

 it will actually make the girl excuse me likell see you as a higher value person in a lot of cases。

Because the fact that you're willing to do it shows a lot more abundance。

 the fact that you're willing to do it shows that the times when you are nice。

 youre nice by choice rather than because you had to be a lot of times if all you are is nice。

It's perceived that that's your only strategy and you're nice in order to get something。

 whereas if you've shown you could be mean and get away with it。

 then the niceness is is actually worth more Think of it this way。

 if as you've gone through your life and this comes to an idea called implied social proof。

 which we'll talk about later。 But if you've gone through your life every time you've been mean to someone it's come back to bite you in the ass。

 you wouldn't feel comfortable showing disinterest or being mean whereas if most of the time when you've you know been willing to take a risk and be potentially even a little mean。

 it's worked out well for you， you'll be a lot more willing to do so in the future。

 And therefore that's a behavioral trait you have。 Okay so the power of disinterest is very powerful。

That's redundant disinterest is very powerful in terms of triggering emotions in girls and also of triggering triggering a girl to see you as a high value person。

 So literally being meaner to a girl to a point not with not not over and over again and always but having a little bit of willingness to actually be mean or really not take God of your way to be mean。

 but not f to yourself not sense yourself and to show genuine disinterest when it exists actually will tremendously help you in game。

 which is counterintuitive because you literally are offering less， there's you。

 which is this fixed thing you're offering less of it by showing disinterest and yet you're being perceived of as higher value as a proposition by showing。

Less positivity。Okay， next one， this is one I absolutely love。

 This is what I call a dumb luck response。 This is just a name I came up for this。

 but a couple things and there's two areas of this and they both have to do with a bartender in my example。

 but it occurs in all kinds of areas of life So let's talk about bartenders Why are bartenders perceived as attractive people in in bar and club life。

 Why does that happen。😊，Is a bartender like a particularly like super desirable job Did he go to years of college to get it。

 does he have like a ton of special skills， not really， I mean。

 he went to bartending school probably maybe sometimes yes。

 sometimes no even he knows how to mix drinks and in general。

 they hire people that are relatively personable for it and like congruent with the image of the club so they're hiring like a slightly cool person。

 but is bartender or should bartender be a really high status job， probably not。

 but a lot of girls get serious， serious crushes on bartenenders at the bar and whether they act on them or not or whatever。

So why is that， why is it that bartenders get this this level of attraction well。

 here's what's happening at the bar。Especially a crowded bar。

 So you have maybe one bartender and six or seven people trying to order a drink。

 and they're trying to get his attention。And he is methodically slowly going about dealing with them。

 They appreciate him when he does deal with them， they pay him for dealing with them。 right。

 And then， you know， and then more people come to clamor for his attention throughout the night。

 So when a girl is watching this。Logically， in the 21st century。

 she knows that the bartenendder is just doing his job， but emotionally， what is she seeing。

 She's seeing everybody responding to this guy。 She's seeing everybody seek this guy's attention。

 and this guy be very selective about who he's giving his attention to。

 He's seeing everybody appreciate this guy。 And this guy ignore everybody else or not ignoring him fully。

 but seem to be ignoring them more than they're ignoring him， right， paying less attention to them。

 And yet it's working out well for him。 He's getting away with it， etc ceter。

 So this makes him be perceived as higher value and actually can make girls get kind of unreasonable crushes on bartenders。

 even if they've never talked to him and never even interacted with him。

 So that's dumb luck responsiveness number one。Dumb look responsiveness with the bartened version2 is this。

 Let's say you're out at a bar and you meet a girl and you've been talking for a little bit and she's like semi hookooked right。

 but it's at a point where standing in one place isn't really the right thing and deepening the conversation by buying some more time for yourself will be a good move and maybe even she's with her friends。

 And so by by going to the bar you're able to get away from the friends and get a one on one conversation where maybe you can escalate So there's all these good reasons to take a girl to the bar。

SoYou walk the grill over to the bar with the idea of getting a drink and you run into the scenario I just talked about。

 which is one bartender or a few bartenders and a lot of people trying to get drinks from a few bartenders。

 so everybody's clamoring for their attention。Question is， what happens to you in this situation。

 Well， what happens to you is you're in a weird spot Because if you if you don't try and get the bartender's attention。

 there's 10 other guys who are or guys and girls。 and they're going to get his attention because they're trying and he just is trying to be efficient and trying to serve the people that are trying to buy drinks。

 So he just being natural is going to sort of ignore you And what the girl gonna see。

 she's gonna to see you getting ignored and it's gonna to make your value go down。

 And the longer you stay there and haven't gotten a drink， you're gonna to seem incompetent。

 you're gonna seem like you invite her for a drink and then you don't even know how to get a drink and that's gonna make your value go down as well。

 And so it's pure dumb luck， but standing there is making your value down。

 but you're also in the situation at that moment where if you just try and get the bartenendder's attention and don't get it even worse。

 And also if you try and get the barten's attention to ignore the girl unless she's pretty hooked already。

 she may get bored or it may down the interaction a little bit。 So there's this weird situation。

Where you know it's not your fault， it's just a fucked up situation。

 but you're actually losing value just because you're in this unusual situation and this this idea of dumb luck responsiveness。

There's tons of it that occurs in life right there's a reason why like say for example you have a restaurant that's managed by a guy whos his like 30s or 40s that you shouldn't you know it's not really a particularly successful job for him at that point in life maybe it's kind of a lowend restaurant or whatever and then you have like the staff working there that's like know 1819 year old girls181920 year old girl stuff like that and normally in life they'd be like oh burnout loser to this guy but because he's her manager at the restaurant and because she's at the restaurant and she sees him giving orders and everybody obeying and everyone responding to him she will instinctively tend to develop a attraction for this guy who logically it doesn't make as much sense。

 this is another situation of that dumb luck responsiveness because you're a leader in a situation because people are responding to in a particular situation。

You're getting way more attraction than you really should under normal circumstances or more attraction than logically would seem to make sense。

Another example is stealing value， and this is another really funny one。

 which is the idea that when one guy has talked to a girl and gotten her to the point of very emotionally aroused。

 that arousal is literally emotions in her body。And so if another guy comes along。

 he can kind of steal those emotions And also if another guy comes along and sees if the girl sees a direct comparison。

 So maybe she's she's like out with her boyfriend who she likes。

 and then she sees another guy who just is like more attractive in that situation than her boyfriends。

 that other guy can get way more attraction， when she's with her boyfriend in and boyfriend's acting like a loser relative to the other guy。

 then that guy would have that random guy would have been able to get just walking up to her cold。

 So theres this concept of stealing value。 And there' are certain guys。😊。

It's kind of like a dark dark and sinister way of gaming。

 but there' are some guys that are actually better at stealing girls from guys than they are at getting traction from girls themselves because they essentially haven't learned how to get attraction but they have learned a certain other set of techniques which is the kind of outofphaing and being dominant techniques and so they can actually steal value when they wouldn't be able to otherwise I have an interesting example of this it's kind of a weird story but I'll tell it quickly。

This was years and years ago when I was sort of kind of learning， I was。

 I was already like teaching game and all that， but I was not at the level I am now because this would have been like 17 years ago or 16 years ago or something like that。

In any case， I'm out in Vegas， I'm just doing my own thing and I see another guy there who was also a famous guy in the pickup community。

 had a really good game， he's actually one of my early mentors。

And I'm not going to go into exactly who this was， but anyway， early mentor， good at game， et ceter。

 and so he saw me out and he decided to to show off he was with this girl and he'd done a really good job gaming her。

 she's really into him。And you know， he decided to show off by like introducing me and making himself look cool for the girl。

 And really， I think mostly he wanted me to he wanted the validation of being like oh， she's hot。

 which she was。 So he brought her over。 And he was trying to get my attention trying to show off。

 And I like really didn't care。 I was like， okay， cool。 Yeah， awesome。 I'm like， good to meet you。

 I don't know why you're doing， but whatever Good to meet you。 Yeah。

 And the more he tried to get my attention。😊，The more the girl saw me as the high value person relative to him。

 So the girl had like been at a certain value level， and he had come in and he had gotten her。

 you know， very。Like kind of entranced， right And then he came and talked to me。

 and I looked cooler relative to him。 So all of a sudden her attraction jumped over to me。

 what ended up happening is she now chose me over him She now chose like I like I like him more than I like this other guy。

 And then she started responding to me。 But as a really funny phenomenon because my style of games was very different than this other person's style。

 And so my game was not actually as effective with this girl and actually didn't really get along with that while she was hot。

 but like on a personality level， I didn't really get along with her nearly as well。

 And so the longer shed talked to me her attraction level would actually come down like not that I was doing a bad job。

 but I just wasn't doing as good a job relative to her blueprint as this other person had been。

 And so whenever she'd lose value like with me like she'd lose attraction for me。

 But then she'd look over at the other guy， she'd be reminded of that and then she'd gain value for me。

 And so every single time the other guy tried to get her back every time I tried to push her over to the other guy。

 either his attempt or my dismissiveness was making her cling more and more and more to me。

And so it ended up being this really mess situation now fortunately I'm a pretty nice person and fortunately this person was someone who I you know had a lot of respect for so I eventually just ended up leaving and I'm sure his set wasn't as good after I left as it had been before I came there because of that value transfer and that different perception or whatever。

 but I did the best I could to leave it as good for him as possible because I do have a rule with my someone who been not really full on wingman but you know we。

Really， I had a history instead I look out for my own so to speak。

 So so I tried to leave it and as best I could， but it was actually literally hard to leave and give the girl back because of this stealing value phenomenon And this happens a lot。

 It happens even more if I'm not careful if I'm not with students， it can happen very。

 very easily because in that case， not only maybe the student's done an okay job。

 but then my game is much better And then you know my game probably is more kgru and better for the girl by a significant margin as well So have to be very。

 very careful not to do that。 I've learned certain techniques over time for how to transfer the value back to the student and different things like that because because you kind of have to when you're teaching But this phenomenon of stealing value is very。

 very fascinating。And very illogical seemming， but it does make sense when you break it down。

Another example I think this is the final example for this is backwards rationalizing my job。

 So think about my job for a girl like the what I do for a living， right， dating coach， sure， but。

 you know， meeting girls live coach， how would a girl perceive that and how would a girl respond if she found out my job。

 Well， before sleeping with me， think about what is。😊。

Validating to her and what seems to be offering value to her life and what doesn't seem to be。

So if the girl sleeps with me， well， she's now just the next girl that my tactics and techniques worked on right it doesn't seem like。

 you know anything special was there， it didn't seem like she earned me so it's not exactly the most validating thing In fact。

 the more validating thing for her would be for me to pursue her and her to reject me right that's the most validating thing is this guy who has gotten all these girls is pursuing me and I rejected him right so her validation is best served by rejecting me。

That's not a good situation to be in。And this makes it very， very hard to， you know。

 to game once that's been the case， it changes game fundamentally。

 there are a lot of adaptations you need to make and it does become just more difficult on the other hand。

Once a girl has slept with me and then if I tell her what my job is at that point like me we just have fun。

 we keep it like keep it casual， I'm like， hey， listen。

 I don't want to like I don't want to talk about work and I just want to have fun， whatever。

 etc we sleep together and then now she finds out about my job。Now what happens。 Well。

 now she's always slept with me。 So my techniquess already worked if they' are techniques。 right。

 So now she has a choice that she can either be the next girl I sleep with and then never see again。

 or I can she can be the girl who actually keeps me when I could go meet other girls。

 And now her validation， how it's a win for her is the opposite。

 Now keeping me around has become a win right， So now， instead of like， like you know。

 playing games with me and not sleeping with me is the win Now keeping me around becomes a win a girl gets very。

 very attached very， very deeply。 So the exact same information。

 My job means one thing before sex means something completely different after sex。

 And one makes it extremely difficult for us to actually form a relationship ship or have any kind of depth。

 It makes it very。It makes it creates distrust almost whereas afterwards it creates a lot more connection。

 a lot more rapport， a lot more intimacy it is very funny how the context changes the perception of this one particular thing okay。

So that's a little glimpse into some of the phenomenon of value。

 some of where value comes from the idea that has to come from evolution。

 some of these little quirks in human nature and perception of value。

 but let's get into now how this applies to specifically attracting women and specifically how this applies to doing game All right and I'm going to start off by giving you a list of low value traits so I'll get myself off screen for this you can read them all。

And this is a really interesting thing to do， this idea of giving a list of low value traits。😡。

Interesting story in my early years of teaching game。

 actually I'll pop myself back up some tell a story in my early years of teaching game。

One strategy that that I used to use with the company I was working with to teacheach game was to give someone a list of all these things not to do right don't cross your arms don't stand with your feet too close together。

 don't lean in don't qualify yourself， etca etc， etc and all these things individually were good advice in the sense that these things where traits that you exhibit when you're nervous。

 these things are traits that you exhibit when you're feeling low value and so by eliminating them you would be conveying fewer low value traits problem was this you get a student on a boot camp a live program where they're gonna go meet girls and they're already terrified and you tell them here's all these things not to do here's this long list of traits not to do are things not to exhibit whatever。

And you get them focused on this and thinking about all the negative things they can do and all the fallout and all the backlash。

 what does it do， it makes them more nervous and then they go out and they do almost all those traits and so by telling them about the traits。

The information was good， but telling about the traits made them nervous。

 made them worry about those traits， and then that came out out to the exact same end result or a worse end result。

 which was them doing all those traits。 whereas when we instead got the mentalities right and didn't focus on the traits specifically except when they occasionally came up in a bad way。

 you tended to do a lot better because you weren't encouraging the underlying thing which created the traits right so there is some danger in like being hyperanalytical low value traits。

 But that said it's important to know what they are。

 So don't be like I worried about this and don't try and weed it out。

 you'll never weed out every low value trait， you're never going to get rid of all of them But you can be aware of them and do a good job in general。

 So I'm just going go through quickly what these are and you know why they're important。

So first one neediness well， if you are needy， it usually means you haven't had a lot of girls and if you haven't had a lot of girls on a biological evolutionary level。

 that probably means a lot of girls haven't found you attractive。

 which means your genetics or something else about you is probably flawed so it is unattractive right also just because people have learned human dynamic socially typically neediness is just correlated to desperation or lack of abundance lack of resources。

 that kind of stuff so even without the biological roots just because of what we've learned in terms of social interaction in our life。

 women can con stress out neediness on a social level too next one self deprecation talking negatively about yourself。

Talking negatively about yourself is， you know。People have enough negative perceptions about you without you helping them。

 you don't need to do that。And it's likely to be perceived as accurate。

 Usually people will believe the worst about you and disbelieve the best about you。

 If you brag about yourself， people will tend to not believe it because you have every reason to brag if you say something self deprecating。

 people will tend to believe it because you have no selfinterested motive。

 So it will be taken as stronger and more truthful than the positive would be。

 So you want to avoid it for that reason。The only time I will really self deprecating game is either as a joke or ironically usually so if it's very clear that I'm very smart。

 I'll say oh， I'm so dumb， but only if the girl clearly already knows I'm smart。

 I don't self deprecate when the girl might actually believe that I mean it just doesn't work。

Next concept I'm only going to go and do briefly here because we're going to have a whole section about it or a whole sort of discussion about it。

 I'm going to focus some questions have focus having you guys ask some questions about it。

 which is leveling leveling basically is the idea that certain behaviors you can do are not pure low value but what they what they do is they're clearly not high value。

So they indicate that you are at a certain level。 so they indicate you're like at a six out of 10 or a7 out of 10 or something like that。

 right so example would be like let's say I was like with some professional soccer players or something like that as I played soccer and you know。

 high school college a little bit semi pro but I'm old now I'm out of shape and I was never as good as a professional。

 so。😊，If I was talking to them and I mentioned my mile time， my current mile time。

 that would be leveling myself， that would be telling them that I'm in not as good a shape as them and it would be a clear indicator that I'm not match fit Or if I asked them。

 you know how they worked on you know crossing with their their weaker foot or whatever that would indicate like I have a bad like bad left foot and I know not not as comfortable and I'm not you know haven't been trained at a high level and have it put in the reps and that kind of stuff so that would level me Now。

 the fact that I'm worried about my left foot rather than my right foot would say that at least like I have confidence in my other foot and the fact that my mile time is okay ish as opposed to completely awful means I'm not completely out of shape。

 but it's just clearly indicating my level and my level isn't high level。

And so the same same thing exists in game in a lot of different ways where your behavior says'm medium value。

 but it says it very strongly so that it will be believed and by saying I'm medium value and you can believe it and then you try and say I'm high value。

 they won't believe that Being boring just basically means you won't get the girl's attention and or you won't stimulate her emotionally timidity indicates that you have had poor responses when you've been bold in your life which can indicate a lifetime of being low value。

 it can indicate a lack of skill with being bold， different things like that， which tends to be very。

 very low value Selfjustification indicates that you've been blamed for a lot of things or you've messed up a lot and so you're worried about that you're trying to you prevent that from happening again。

So self justification is typically a very low value thing。Ignorance。

 I don't have to explain why that's low value， just not knowing things is worse than knowing things in general。

 but what you want to do because you know what you know， but when you are in a conversation。

 you want to steer clear of topics on which you are ignorance or if there's something that you're not sure if it's right。

 sometimes hold back instead of making an unnecessary display of ignorance similar to the one below it。

 which is incompetence， you don't want to make unnecessary displays of incompetence together。

 So those are very related ignorance and incompetence。

Being uncalibrated shows that you're not aware of the situation， shows that you lack social skills。

 it may show that you're caught up in your own internal thinking and putting too much pressure on yourself。

 different things like that， so that's low value。Agenda creepy and untrustworthy are all things where your behavior itself is okay。

 but it seems to be coming from the wrong place， and it makes people really suspicious of it。

 And it may make people flip their interpretation from what would otherwise be positive to something very。

 very negative。 It may people make people uncomfortable。 just want to stay away from you。

 So that's an agenda creepiness an untrustworthiness。

 Those are all various versions that create that sort of distrust or just like negative icky feeling in a girl。

Being awkward can indicate a few different things， it can indicate you don't know how to flirt。

 it can also indicate that you're nervous or different things along those lines。

 neither of which are good， again not knowing how to flirt would imply that you haven't been with girls in the past which would imply you haven't been popular in the past so again low value。

Being unhealthy， obviously low value， you don't have to explain why that is。 But again， go out。

 don't go out of your way to indicate those kind of things， right， So， for example。

 if you're out on a first date， this is a little thing。 These are actually some weird。

 unhealthy things。If you're out on a first date ordering food with a girl。

 you might not want to mention that you're allergic to a particular food。 just don't order that food。

 but indicating an allergy is indicating an unhealthiness， it's a slight little thing。

 but it's just one of those things Why do it。 Why mention it And one other thing。

 this is a weird one that I've noticed is girls that I've slept with and dated and hooked up with whatever from a very kind of provider frame or like not full provider。

 but I've been their boyfriend。 I've been willing to do some provider type things even though I'm doing a lot of the flirty lover things as well。

 And then there's some girls where I've been pure like pure lover。

 like they know there's no future there they know it's just a hook up。

 they know it's just like like booty calls and stuff like that。

 maybe even girls like that had a boyfriend， but they came and like hooked up with me or something like that。

 It's purely no provider whatsoever。And what I noticed is that if these girls that it was like pure no provider stuff。

 if they ever saw me sick at all， they lost massive amounts of attraction for me because in that case。

 they're looking at me as like a pure like or sorry their' genetics or looking at me as like a pure genetic investment only and so in that case。

Seeing me as sick ruins that for them。 So like I've had situations where theres ago I've been hooking up with like。

 you know， from a period of time， but it's purely like pure hookup and then like she's gonna come over and I have like kind of like a bad cough or something like that。

 And I'm like maybe I shouldn't whatever everybody like have her come over anyway。

 and then you know I get I get sick or I just like I can't hold it together and it looks I look unfit they'll lose massive attraction because the healthiness was a major reason why that attractiveness existed in the first place。

Obviously if something's try hard， makes it appear unnatural， it can go to agenda and creepiness。

 it can also go to neediness so it's kind of all those things at once if you are making excuses again that looks like you have done a lot of things wrong。

 or it looks like you don't take responsibility or you're not grown up and we'll talk a lot about that tomorrow being a grown-up and taking being a cause in your life rather than being at effect but making excuses makes you look incompetent it makes you look unpowerful。

 different things like that being dependent similar to making excuses where you don't look like you're in control of your own life not good obviously being unpopular I barely even have to talk about negative social proof there but we're talking actually active negative social proof there's difference between not being noticed and being actively unpopular not being noticed as bad being actively toxic is even worse like being like shunned so you want to avoid that too being insecure obviously and then being jealous that implies too much care about the situation too much neediness those types of things so those are some。

Vue traits to avoid if you're noticing any of those types of things I'm trying to weed them out and I think we're gonna in a minute I think it's I think it's here or maybe it's yeah。

 so what we're gonna do not yet， but in a little bit we're going go through some online dating profiles and when we do that I'll mention some of these qualities and and how those are being being received。

 by the way I had。I think I had like about 11 or 12 people send me their dating profiles to go over I picked I think between three and five depending how much time we have for today and there's a couple more I might pop in for tomorrow but if you guys do have some good online dating profiles or good exemplary online dating messaging that you would like me to go over and you can send that to me before tomorrow I may have a chance to incorporate it into the presentation for tomorrow so I'm always looking for good material to work with in terms of that so I'll put that out to you guys that are here live as an opportunity to get more feedback and make this even more personal for yourself。

All right， so why do guys become low value well。Generally。

 it's because the world doesn't really want you to be low value want you to be high value。

 It doesn't have a lot of reason for that right if everybody's not everybody can be a king。

 right if everybody's a king， then who's going to be the subject， who's going to。

 you know do the the day to day grind， who's going to do the other work that isn't the royal level work Well。

 you know， you need somebody to do that。 So people who are in power， people who are in charge。

 people who are high value， usually don't have a lot of incentive to teach you that。

And so there's actually an active disincentive Also women do not have an incentive for men to become more high value than they are right women are very happy with being traditionally having more social value in society。

 women are also really typical really happy with your typical role。

 they're really happy with if you've been， excuse me。

 a man of a particular amount of value around them having you stay at that level because it's comfortable and predictable and easy for them。

Whereas if you're changing your value level， now they have to reassess you， they have to reevaluate。

 they have to wonder which is accurate， it makes the world harder。

 more confusing for them and makes it more likely that they will get tricked by a low value guy。

 so to speak。So all of those are different things to keep in mind as reason this so there's a lot of social pressure for men to stay low value because they want to be the high value one so that they can get the girls or for other forms of power。

 there's a lot of pressure on men from women to be low value or to maintain their current value level so that's not confusing and it doesn't mess with the girls's psychological model or anything like that and then because of all this it's just easier and safer a lot of times to fit in be lower value those kinds of things All right and。

That leads to the idea of leveling So here I'm gonna just talk briefly about it。

 I could really like I could almost do like a half day on leveling。

 which I'm not going to do explicitly here， but what I'm going to do is I'm gonna introduce the concept of leveling to a lot of you will be familiar with it already and then what I want to do is take specifically questions on leveling So as as the administrators are going through through questions we're gonna take all the questions but I'm gonna take probably a healthy dose or a decent amount of questions on leveling because I think it is such a huge concept in terms of value。

 but rather than like prescriptively teach you what I think is most important about leveling I'm just going introduce the idea and then I want to take you guys as questions so I can actually tailor the leveling talk to you guys All right。

So leveling， what is it？Leveing is the idea that certain things you do indicate your exact level in game or your exact level of value in life。

 and this is a concept that came from poker， and the idea of leveling in poker is where you you outplay someone in a poker hand because you knew exactly what they were thinking you were able to assess their level of poker sophistication。

 and you were essentially inside their head， knowing them as well or better than they knew themselves in that hand。

 at least。So for example， if you see someone make a particular type of mistake at the poker table as you see some play a hand a particular way。

 they that may indicate to them that they are unaware of certain deep concepts right so they play a hand in a way that indicates so。

Quickly， very quickly in poker， there's different levels。

 there's a level of being able to look at your hand and see what it is。

 There's a level of being able to look at your hand and then assume from the other person's behavior at what their hand might be。

 there's a level of looking at your hand， looking at their being able to assume their hands and then being able to assume what they think your hand might be and you can keep going levels and levels deeper。

 So if the way someone played a hand indicates they're thinking on like level 2 and they seem to think in level 2。

 over a few hands， then if you can play them on level3， you're going own them over and over again。

 if they're on level 1， and you play them on level 3， you're gonna to confuse yourself。

 but if they're on level1， you play them on level2， you're going to own them over and over again。

 the key idea is to play one level deeper than them and you're going to completely just like devastate your opponent that way。

 But the key idea though， is their behavior， the way they misplayed a particular hand indicated their level indicated that they were a player that's good up to this level but not above it。

 and that made them very easy play against women are responding to certain things you do as a man as leveling behaviors。

So for example， let's say that you are wearing like。

You're just like in your day to day life out and maybe like like a city like New York City where it's pretty trendy and people are well dressed and stuff like that。

 let's say you're out just wearing like a polo shirt and like khakis and like kind of like dress sea shoes and then your your like polo shirt is like tucked into your khakis and buttoned up to like the top but like the almost to the top button。

 etc。Well， what does that look say about you， Well。

 it and let's say they're like you know relatively niceish clothes。

 They're like clean and everything like that。 Well， it says you know。

 you don't just you don't shop at Kmar you shop it somewhere a little nicer than they are probably your clothes fit hopefully okay。

 although a lot of people address that way， their clothes don't fit very well They're too bag and stuff like that。

 but hopefully they fit kind of okay but it shows that you're a little like buttoned up。

 you're a little bit like dressing in a way that fits in you're dressing in a way that like you're trying to be casual。

 but you're kind of not casual， you're still a little too dress to be casual etc。

 essentially you're dressing like a demographic of guys who is good enough to not get made fun of。

 but not good enough to stand out and be the center of attention and be the star And so you are leveling your。

 a girl going that may or may not be accurate to the person。

 but the girl is going to look at that person and just assume they're at that level assume they're like at a level I don't know。

 like five or six or something like that as a man。 They're definitely not a one or two。

 They're not like a scrub。 They're not homeless。 They're not poor。You know， those kind of things。

 but they're not like cool hip and fabulous。 They're just， you know。

 kind of middle of the road and it's a very， it's a fairly strong indicator of that particular level。

Or let's say that a guy were to brag about getting into a nightclub and then the club he bragged about getting into wasn't actually that exclusive。

Well， that's leveling because on the one hand， well。

 he did get into that club that was maybe a little bit exclusive。

 so he's not a complete dip shitit loser。 He has like some idea of what's going on。

 but one it shouldn't be a big deal getting into a club And guys who like get into close regularly don't even talk about it。

 And two， if the club you're talking about isn't even that difficult to get into when someone knows it。

 the fact that that was a struggle for you， excuse me。

 indicates you really aren't a 10 out of 10 as a guy。So overall。In that case。

 you've leveled yourself okay other things would be like if you escalate physically without knowing what you're doing quite the fact that you are escalating。

 the fact you're confident enough to believe in yourself is really positive。

 the fact that you don't know what you're doing is very negative。 and so you're indicating again。

 your level。And so there's a lot of these things that are leveling behaviors。

 And here's the thing that's really insidious about leveling。 As you learn game。

 you get better and better at it。 And so you're going to， at first。

 be attracting girls that are maybe like sixs and sevens and then sevens and8s and8s and nines and on up。

And the funny thing is the exact same thing that works on a6 or a 7 might be the exact same thing that fails at with a 9 or a 10。

 right， So， for example， if you have a trait that levels you at at an 8 says I am a male 8。 Well。

 with a six or a 7， she's gonna love you for that and she's gonna be very attractive。

 she may even compliment you on it。 And you're like， hey， this is a good game this works。😊。

Then you do the exact same thing on a 9 or 10 and it indicates。

 hey I'm an89 or 1 is like not interested。 hey， good luck to you。 all the respect in the world。

 we need our8s in the world， but just not for me thanks and so you've leveled yourself and you've actually made it harder for yourself to get those higher caliber girls。

 but it's very hard to weed out because again， it's the very same thing that used to be working So in general for leveling any behaviors that are out of character or gimmmicky are oftentimes leveling behaviors any things where you're overtly bragging or you're trying to show value in a way that's kind of obvious can be a leveling behavior different things along those lines So that's just a quick primer on leveling I want to hear you guys as questions on leveling as far as for today and we'll go into some of those And then tomorrow if there's other aspects of leveling that aren't covered by the questions that I think are important I may weave leveling back into the event for tomorrow So I just want to see I do want to do the leveling discussion as as a Q&。

From you guys because I find that some of the best questions I get are oftentimes out leveling and I don't want to nip those in the but I want to make sure that we have the opportunity to deal with those really good questions so hopefully that'll be a good treatment of leveling if everything doesn't come out that way we can always redress it on day two。

All right， so what we talked about what are low value behaviors。

 what are some high value behaviors from evolution Well we have social proof。

 which is people responding well to you socially you having friends you being a leader in things。

 you getting a good reception from people you being treated with respect that kind of stuff then we have even further than that which is sexual social proof。

 which is women responding well to you or people indicating you've been with girls in the past these kinds of things。

 which is even more powerful， but it is a little more dicey So social proof will never。

You you don't really say shouldnt really say never always in game。

 Social proof will virtually never be a negative thing。

 Having social proof is almost always positive。 S social proof can be way more positive but it is a little polarizing and it can can trigger some people right so for example。

 if I tell people how many girls I've slept in my lifetime or something like that I tell people I'm dating coach those types of things there are certain people that think that's immoral or wrong or gross or disgusting and stuff like that。

 And so it can actually garner a negative response as well so it it is a little more polarizing than social social proof is safer but sexual social proof can be more powerful。

Competence being good at things and especially having people discover accidentally that you're good at things is really really positive。

 obviously health goes directly to evolution and good genetics so we can see why that one's useful quick note on health a lot of the physical traits that people see that women see as attractive actually just are traits to do with health so for example having a symmetrical face the reason why having a symmetrical face tends to be more attractive than not is this indicator of health because when there were a lot of disfiguring diseases before the age of antibiotics people would have disfigured faces they would haveeven like they'd have blemishes or scars or deformations in their faces and in their bodies and there's unlikely to be symmetrical and so  symmetry actually is a hallmark or a signpost I guess that you have good health that you are genetically gifted in that area and that their offspring would be。

ally have good health as well。 obviously， access to resources is gonna be useful and then having showing resilience。

 being able to handle danger or difficulty or shit tests or you know social pressure。

 those kind of things or physical pressure， resilience is very， very positive。

 So when you are conveying yourself when you're thinking about who you are Think about how can you convey these things when you're telling a story。

 can your To convey social proof， can it convey health， Can it convey competence。

 Can it convey that you have resources， etc ce。 And ideally it should be excuse me it should be in a way that's not super obvious right It shouldn't look like you're trying to brag it should look like it just kind of came out naturally without you trying。

啊。Okay， then we have conscious and comfort factors which are going to play into your attractiveness。

 and this has to do a lot with the idea of blueprints。

Blueprint is the idea that girls are socially different and girls have been raised with different values。

 So for example， if a girl is Christian and you have to be Christian as well and she's she's very into a religion。

 the fact that you're the same faith as her is going to。

Make her consciously like you more and it's going to make her feel more comfortable on you and the same would apply for whatever other religion。

 whether the Islam or Judaism or know whatever Buddhism， whatever else it is。

 having that similar religion or similar background。

 similar culture will make someone more comfortable with you and will help them to when talked about attractions。

 not a choice but acting on it is if you have more of these conscious and comfort factors with the same amount of attraction。

 the girl will be more likely to interpret it positively and more likely to act on it so。

It sort of magnifies the existing attraction。 It doesn't create more attraction。

 but it makes the attraction you have more useful and more applicable to any particular girl。

 So having some idea of her blueprint， having some idea of the types of things that she values what her background is and just being relatable in that way is going to be really。

 really helpful and useful and we're going to talk specifically about blueprints I believe in a little while so I won't go too much further than that but understand that that is a part of it as well So there's this idea I guess the best way to explain is this there's this idea in purchasing that people make the decision emotionally and then justify it rationally。

 conscious and comfort factors help them to rationalize the decision and while that isn't the emotion that's making them make the decision。

 it is very， very useful and definitely should not be overlooked。

And was talking about having versus conveying value I'm told I don't know this I didn't fully verify。

 but I'm told this is actually a picture of a dude that's actually homeless and he's famous for basically living by hooking up with girls in New York City and so as example of a guy who on a specific like do you have value level is about as low as you possibly could get but in terms of like conveying value and getting results with girls he's actually doing quite well and it's funny because I heard the story and then I didn't like know putting the picture with the story you wouldn't think he's homeless I'm actually a little bit less impressed than I would have been otherwise。

 but the whole idea of not having a lot to offer and yet presenting it in a such a way that it is a good offer and that is receptive it's received is very a telling story and there is this difference between having a conveying value there are lots of guys that are rich and good looking and smart and all these different things and get no girls and there are a lot of guys who seem to have a lot less going for them that do get girls and the point is they。

Not have as much value， but the girl can't respond to how much value you have。

 she can only respond to the value that you have conveyed to her。

So we're going go into in a minute some of these different conveyed value traits。

 So let me go back just a second here。 So we have this list here， one right here。

 So these are the actual evolutionary value traits right These are the things that the girls specifically looking for are the things that girls specifically triggering on This next list is going to be how do we show those things。

 So what is it that we can do to demonstrate that we have the things on those left。

 So this is difference between had like exist value and conveyed value。

So we talked about this before social proof。Right， seeming to be popular。

 seeming to have positive attention。In sales， things like testimonials， having a good reputation。

 having people talk about you positively， all these things is really going to help you when you have a photo having a photo with the house girls in it makes it look like you know females in your life again。

 things like that。 So social proof the reason social proof works is that is an honest signal。

 I'll talk briefly about this idea of honest and dishonest signals。

 So an honest signal is something that's very hard to fake。 a dishonest signal。

 something that's easy to fake。 So if I brag about myself， I say I'm awesome。

 that's a very easy to fake， I could lie about that If somebody else says I'm awesome。

 that's a lot harder to fake because if we're lying about that。

 we had to at least arrange it and get them to lie。

 and I maybe compensate them for lying or something like that right So it's a lot harder to lie about it。

😊，When it's coming from someone else。 So therefore it's a lot more well trusted or well respected。

 if you go even further and say， like you're famous。 And so like the media has said your， you know。

 high value。 Well， that's even a bigger thing because that's a group of people that don't know you directly saying that about you。

 So the more distant the endorsement is from you。The better off it is in terms of seeming honest。

 the more unintentional it seems， the more honest it seems。So for that reason。

 other people responding well to you， particularly other girls responding well to you。

 is extremely useful and extremely high value and something we want to go out of our way to convey when possible。

Next is implied social proof so how do you convey social proof when there's nobody around well your actions speak to your past so if you're very confident that says that in the past when you've been confident usually worked out well for you if you are very shy it says that in the in the past you've been confident you've probably got a negative reception we're not considered to be high value if you're willing to lead that indicates when you've led before it's worked well if you're unwilling to lead the opposite right so your actions。

 the confidence you show implies social proof also。The way you tell your stories。

 the details that exist or don't exist in your stories can imply positive or negative social proof。

 they can imply things about you that are either good or bad and so this is a way that you can have a fairly honest signal。

 the implied social proof signal without actually saying something so instead of saying I'm popular you tell a story in which you being popular is a prerequisite for the story to make sense。

 so it's just assumed that you must be high value。And again。

 confidence implies competence So competence is very。

 very valuable and very useful as we've talked about。

 and if you are confident that implies competence， this is another idea along those same lines of that sort of implied social proof right so confidence is an implied social proof for things like confidence or sorry sorry confidence is implied social proof for things like competence and also things like achievement success positive social reception。

 all those kind of things， So confidence is one of the most attractive things you can have and one thing you definitely should。

😊，I would say go out of your way to convey， but definitely don't go out of your way not to convey it you're sorry for the double negative。

 but deal with it。All right， next up。Energy is a proxy for health。

 So obviously there are clear indicators of health， like like I said。

 symmetrical phase like being in like not being morbid low obese， not being so skinny。

 you don't have any muscle those kind of things but also just having energy seeming vibrant seeming happy is a good proxy for health because we all know how we act when we feel sick if you have a headache or you're sick to your stomach or something like that you're going throughout your day。

 you're not jumping around， you're not smiling， or you're not bouncing that kind of thing so if you are if you do have a lot of energy。

 if you seem positive， you seem happy all those kind of things。

 it is interpreted that you're healthy， you're shifts together。

 your life's taking care of and you're on top of things and whatnot So energy is a really good proxy for health it doesn't necessarily mean anything in of itself and certainly don't be a clown so't try and like take this advice and like game purely and energy and just be bouncing off the walls and a assume that's attractive it's not but some level at least a decent level of energy and positivity is a great indicator of health and it is。

A very， very attractive trait for you to have overall， so again， something to convey in your story。

 something to convey in your game， something to cultivate in your life。Next one。

 handling shit tests and problem solving right， so dealing with。

When bad shit happens right and this goes to resilience。

 it also goes to just confidence because if you have confidence you won't crumble hopefully。

 but resilience， right being able to deal with a difficult situation， being able to get through it。

 problem solving shows competence So these are ways of demonstrating。 and interestingly enough。

 because handling shit tests and problem solving is really useful actually provoking shit tests can be a really good strategy and game right getting some shit tests early on in the interaction can actually help you tremendously。

To convey your personality quickly right， think of it this way。 If I were to brag about myself。

 that's a dishonest signal the grow probably won't trust it。

 but if instead of braggging about myself， I just I say something kind of polarizing。

 she gives me shit and then I handle that shit in a way that makes me look positive。

 I didn't brag about myself， but I displayed high value。 I displayed high value。

Forced to I was forced to display high value。 so it was unintentional， it's more honest Okay。

 so triggering shit test actually can can get you traction faster than than if you were to just game without any shit test。

 In fact， the girl that gives no shit test actually in some ways can be hard to game。

 You want to provoke some level of shit test or at least some level of banter at some point in the interaction。

🤧。And then knowing the dance， this is what I call。So the dance basically is the idea of being good at game right knowing the steps。

 knowing how to escalate properly， knowing how to flirt。

 having experience with girls to the point that like if a girl's on her period you can handle it without getting bent out of shape or figuring out logistics in a way that's not awkward and doesn't make the girl feel liket that make the girl feel sty going home with you all these little things that show you know what you're doing around girls are great because they make the experience better for the girl right so it makes things easier for her。

 it makes it easier for her to say yes to you all those kind of things excuse me but it also implies about your past。

 it applies you've had success with girls it applies things have gone well for you in the past which again is that implies social proof which is so so。

 so powerful on so many levels So knowing the dance knowing how to flirt having practice makes you more attractive and this is one of the major reasons why guys even even if they have mediocre coaching if they are willing to go out。

lot can get to a certain level， they can get out to at least like an intermediate level in game just by doing a ton of approaches。

 getting to advance is a little harder， but just practice and familiarity can get you a long way just because of knowing the dance。

 knowing what comes up understanding the scenarios， those kinds of things。All right。

 so with that in mind， I'm going to。Go to questions One quick thing I have to actually grab the questions so it's going to take me a second So this is your opportunity to actually send in whatever questions you want to if you don't answer them now。

 I can answer them in a little bit or on the next time that we pause for questions， etctera。

 So any questions on stuff that I've addressed so far。

I would love to I'd love to answer put them in the chat the admin staff is going through them and they are selecting out questions for me pulling them up now and then I'm going up on my other computer here I'm going to select over。

😊，ToTo the questions。Let's see。 all right， so I'm going to assume I'm going to assume the highlighted questions are the ones that are the best。

 so we'll go with those first。All right。First question。And this is from Miguel。 So thank you， Miguel。

 for your question。 says in game， we try to seem as high value as possible。

 It said that vulnerability is attractive and important in meaningful relationships。 However。

 being vulnerable with certain things runs the risk of seeming low value。

 vulnerability and honesty are very important to my character。

 How does one be vulnerable and honest while still being high value。 Okay， awesome so。😊。

I want to words matter right where the way that you use certain phrasing。

 the way that you use certain words absolutely is going to have a huge impact on a lot of things and so when you use the word vulnerability。

 that can mean a few different things and vulnerability as in willingness to be honest。

 willingness to expose yourself to the world， I think in that sense。

Vulnerability is a very good trait because it shows high value。 It shows that you're unafraid。

 It shows that when you've exposed yourself to the world and those kind of things。

 it's worked well for you。 So in that sense， vulnerability。Is actually a high value trait right。

 It's the willingness to be vulnerable， the willingness to expose yourself。

 the unapologeticness about sharing yourself， that's actually all qualities of a high value person。

On the other hand， if vulnerability means weakness， then it's going to be a low value trait。

 So weakness or like complaining those kind of things tends to be low value traits and。In a。

In a deep relationship， being a teammate with someone。

 being a partner with someone is a very powerful thing， right。

 tackling something together and being successful against it is massively useful。 However。

 if your partner can't specifically help you with a particular thing and。

Sharing that thing with them only gives them stress or only gives them negativity。

 There's really no point in sharing that thing。 You're just doing it for yourself and that's really not going to be the most positive so。

Um。It just this is maybe not the best example， but it's the example that came to my head。

 a lot of guys have this attitude or this idea that they want to tell girls they do game right。

 you want to share with your girlfriend that you learned game。And they think it's， you know。

 it's good because you're showing your vulnerability。I wouldn't say so。

 I think that's generally not the best idea。 Now there are， there is a time and a place。 right？

 So if， for example， one， your value is extremely high， so you're not really risking much value here。

2， you have a specific reason for wanting to teach your girl game that is going to make your and her experience better together by all means。

 So， for example， in doing threesome with my girlfriends。

 it was useful to teach her some game because if she's better at game。

 that's going to make that process better right， that's going to make things go。A lot more smoothly。

 a lot more easily because now we both have game And so in that sense， teaching her game。

 which involves her knowing about game and knowing that this thing exists and knowing that I've studied it a little bit is important。

 but telling girl just to tell her what's that gonna to do。 Well。

 it's gonna make all those beautiful， magical moments that you had with her and all those experiences that she had that she she has a particular narrative and story around that make her happy。

 it's going to make her question those and think differently about them and wonder about them and wonder if it was just a technique and if it's really you and all these different things。

 And it's not really doing her any favors because you are who you are now。

 regardless of how you learned and that's what she's interacting with。

 So a lot of guys sets tellg because they feel guilty So they want to get it off their chest because they want to be accepted for who they are。

 that's you having your own internal issue that you're trying to address through the other person。

 which is a needy and low value behavior。😊，So if being vulnerable or or you know open is helpful to the other person。

 helpful to the relationship in a direct way， by all means， do it。 And also。

 don't be scared to be you， don't be scared to be honest。

 Don't be scared to talk about what you really think and feel because that is very positive。

 And that's that's the good form of vulnerability。 But vulnerability is weakness is not good。

 The other form of vulnerability as weakness， I would say to avoid is avoid constantly complaining。

 So let's say that。You're having a hard time at work。

 And let's say there's nothing that your girlfriend's gonna help you with in it。

 you're not coming to her for advice。 you're handling the situation the best you can。

 that's not the purpose。 you're just there to complain。

 Well you going and complaining to your girlfriend is not making the work situation better。

 it's also not making your situation with your girlfriend any better。

 it's not helping anybody it's just making you look weak。

 it's making you look like a complainer and it's not establishing anything。

 So the answer to this question is it really depends how you're defining vulnerability if vulnerabability is defined as weakness or as like actually like probably the literal dictionary definition of vulnerability。

 I would consider it a low value trait but if vulnerability just means that you have the confidence to be willing to be honest or you have the openness to risk your value every once in a while and put it out there and that's okay I would say that's actually a high value trait and so you don't need to worry about your value with it。

 and then finally even if it is vulnerability of the wrong kind if it has enough upside sometimes you can because sometimes if you are vulnerable and then you and the girl work together。

overcomecome your vulnerability together and become strong that can actually be some of the most deepening relationship you can have so there's a time and place to it。

 but hopefully that distinction of what actually is vulnerable and what's the good and bad ways of being vulnerable hopefully that helps your understanding a little bit。

Okay， next question。乜事。😔，Okay， this is from Dimiar， so thank you Dimiar it says。

 can you share some strategies for building in social proof into your life in the long term？

So by the nature of this being a long-term question。

 it's probably going to be something of a long term strategy right so the best way to have social proof in your life in the long term is to actually have it right It's not about conveying social proof。

 It's about creating social proof in that long term。

 So what can you do have friends right go out of your way to just have friends so when for example。

 you get an invitation to an event and you don't really particularly want to go but you know it'd be good for building relationships for deepening deepening those relationships you have。

Put some value on that and， and try and， you know， go out of your way a little bit。

 even if you just make a cameo， you you just say hi to people。

 those kind of things go a long way When you are at events， try and be a leader， try and be helpful。

 try and be like standing up in those kind of things。Excuse me。

So actually try and create the life also there are a lot of things that you can do that are external to pure social that are social proof。

 so accomplishments that is noted can be social proof so for example。

 if you've written something putting it on a website and making that website look good can be a form of social proof getting it published even if it's self- publishedublish could be a form of social proof speaking on if you have an area of knowledge speaking in that area getting called as a speaker in that area could be a form of social proof。

So look for the opportunities to maximize any of these things you have right if you have a YouTube channel on anything other than the topic of meeting girls and it has a decent number of subscribers。

 that could be a decent amount of social proof and as far as for guys even a dating channel about you know picking up girls is social proof in that area it just not doesn't work as well when translated to women。

But make sure that the things you have achieved that they are visible right that don't like not try hard visible。

 not putting in your face visible， but just have them in the background， have them there。

 have them there as a passive demonstration that's why things like social media really good for that if you have like an accumulation of good stuff on your Instagram that goes back for quite a while that can be really really good。

 it seems like an honest an honest indicator that you not only can post some high value pictures。

 but you've consistently be been able to do that over a period of time。

 all that kind of stuff but the best way to build social proof。Is to build a life that you love。

That's relatable。 And then show it， right。 And that can be， you know。

 because of having more friends and saying， you know， saying hi and by to more people。

 going to more parties， throwing， throwing an event here and there。 that's one way to do it。

 Another great way to do it is to connect other people。 right， when two people you know。

 have something in common being the bridge between them。

 So they'll value and respect you on that level and and always remember you as as the foundation for that relationship and deepen your relationship with you。

 All of those things， it's really like。😊，It's kind of like you asked me like。

 how do you build a house？it depends。 It depends what house you're building。

 Are you building a woodhouse， or you' building a brick house， Does it have a basement。

 does it not have a basement？ There's a thousand different ways to build a house and there are some that are wrong because that house will collapse。

 but of the thousand good ways to build a house really it's about building you picking the houses right to you and then just getting started and just starting to put bricks down And if every brick isn't in the exact right place。

 it's still a pretty good house， it'll still you know protect you from the weather and keep you warm and you can always know move the bricks around later if you have to。

So I would say the most important thing you can do is just being being about it。

 like caring and being willing to put in the work and start building。

 don't worry about the exact blueprint of the house。

 just start laying bricks in useful places and see what comes together so to speak and you'll find as you do this。

 certain things you enjoy more certain things have more punch and impact than others and that's how you're gonna to find your own particular strategy because what's going to work for someone who lives in like rural Iowa and has like you know small town same job they've had for 20 years is going be different lifestyle wise than the person who travels from city to city to city and is meeting new people every weekend。

It just going be different ways of conveying social social proof， social value， that kind of stuff。

 so it's not not super specific， the most important thing is it is a long term thing。

 just start building， start building and then notice， notice what's happening， notice what's working。

Okay。Oh。Okay， this is interesting， do I want to do that right now or later。Okay。

 I'll do it now why not when you're in a， when you're in an interaction。

 how do you calibrate what kind of traits about yourself you're displaying and how to fix it in the moment。

So the first thing I'm going to say is do not over calibrate okay， most guys， and by that， I mean。

 most guys who have never heard of game， most guys in the world。Are massively over calibrated。

 They are so concerned with how what the other persons thinking about them。

 So worried about what the woman's perception is that they are not being themselves and they're not conveying attractive qualities。

 The core to being attractive is being attractive。 There's this general sort of like universe of qualities and behaviors as a man that make you attractive。

And if you you stray too far from that， even if it's in a calibrated way。

 it's just going to make you unattractive， low value， et cetera。

 So stay within that range of what are attractive qualities。

 And only within that should you start calibrating the particular girl。 And in particular。

 remember I has talked about。Earlily on when we gave the guys the list of all these low value traits and told them to monitor them and avoid them and how it made them actually act more low value if you're constantly worried about oh what lot of that low value thing did I do。

 can I fix it if you're thinking that in field or thinking that in the moment in interaction you're probably going to mess yourself up and do more low value things rather than correcting the things you're actually doing。

that's not the way to look at it。 Instead of looking at game as this endeavor of never making mistakes。

 look at game as trying to do so many things well that the mistakes don't matter。

 You're trying to do 100 things well so that the， you know。

 two or three mistakes you make are largely irrelevant。 That's what game fundamentally should be。

And so with that in mind， don't worry about fixing all the mistakes in the moment。

 What you should do， though， is fix the mistakes afterwards。 So it's kind of like。

 it's kind of like if you're playing a sport and you。

 you miss a shot and you're running back down the court。

 you don't want to be thinking about why you missed that shot。

 you want to be thinking about the next play that's coming If you're thinking about that shot that you missed。

 that's when you're to miss the next play and the next play， the next play。

 and it's a downward spiral to terrible performance What you want to do is put it out of your head and do the right thing on the next play。

 And then afterwards when you watch the game film。Then you're going to go through and figure out how you can correct it and then in practice when you have time to work on it。

 you're gonna to work on a different technique or figure out how to handle it there。

 same thing in game obviously， if you can record yourself and actually have game film or game audio。

 that's that's useful but even without that doing a field report or just thinking about your night or your day afterwards and then correcting it after the fact don't trend calibrate and fix it in the moment。

 just do the best you can in the moment and make note of it and then afterwards。

Kind of the things you made note of go over them and try and come up with fixes for next time。

 so don't try and be perfect in the moment， but do try and be a little more perfect each time。嗯。Okay。

 so we have from Stephen， he said。What things of value should you emphasize as you move into your 30s and 40s。

 what what is high value as a 20 something may not be perceived as high value in your 30s or 40s？

Okay， cool。 and then some things about the name， whatever。 Okay， so basically。

 so how should you change how you're showing your value as you get older as a man， Well。

 understand that as you get older in a man， you're expected to be in something of a different position。

 and so。Certain things you'll get more credit for and certain things you'll get less credit for than you would have in the past。

So if you were。In high school， let's say you're like 16 years old in high school and you have a car and a job。

Compared to a lot of 16 year olds who don't have those things living with their parents have no money。

 and they still are really acting like 12 year olds。you're going to come off way more mature。

 way more high value， et cetera。That said， if you're 30 or 40 and you have the same job as you had it 16 and you have the same cars you had at 16。

 that's not doing much for your value because you' are expected to have moved up in life in that time you're expected to have maybe improved your education。

 improved your job prospects， started a business， different things along those lines。

On the other hand， in your 30s and 40s， if you still had the physical body you had when you were say 16 or 18。

 especially if you were fit and athletic back then you're probably doing relatively well compared to a lot of people your age and so that would be something that having that at that same level would actually sorry I'm just looking at comments here Okay we're good cool making sure nothing's going wrong。

So that actually would help you proportionately more like being healthy and in shape and fit and having a good body might help help you more because it's less expected as you are older。

But the other thing to think about beyond just specific traits is what is your overall persona And we're gonna talk about that。

 I'm going leave that for now， but just I'm gonna plant the the seed。

 I'm going talk in a little bit about UVP and your unique value proposition。

 you will have a different UVP at different ages in your life so at one age of your life you're presenting yourself as the young ambitious kind of sexy guy who like good in the sack and plenty of ambition at another level and another place in your life。

 you might present yourself as like the established guy who like is a leader and can teach the girl things and has his life together and has you know this resources and some level of like I'm going say power because that can be misinterpreted but some level at least power over your day to day and power over your own life。

So that's a different。Thing that you're going to be portraying about yourself and your overall story you're telling is going to change right so you're almost changing genres。

It's like if you're if you're 16， you're writing a young adult novel。

 if you're you know if you're in your 30s or 40s you're writing like a thriller or something like that or you're writing like like a biography about power。

 I don't know what the fuck but you're writing a different book right there's a different narrative to what's going on and that's not one specific thing and there's not one specific choice to that but you're choosing your own narrative and there are a certain narratives that are going make more sense at one age versus another so that's going to affect your choice in terms of narrative and unique value proposition。

By the way guys， I'm getting a little note here， for any of you who are not on the Facebook group yet。

 please join it。 I believe it's value masterclass I also believe there will be a link coming up in chat very soon so if you want to be added to the Facebook group go ahead and do there the online profiles that I'm to showing later I think I asked for those in the Facebook group so the people who shared those are in the Facebook group I've answered some questions on there and I'll continue answering questions over the period of this course so by the way guys check out that Facebook group it's a great place to go for information getting your questions answered participating and as we start working towards specific goals for accountability as well so check out that link that's in the chat for the Facebook group you might want to go over there or at least add yourself。

Okay， here's an interesting question， I guess， is being humble when a girl is aware of one's achievements。

A useful virtue in the dating game and if so， is there a risk of becoming self deprecating？So。

Humility generally is good。After the fact。So。Being humble doesn't really get a lot of attention。

 but once you already have attention， being humble is massively respected。

So like when someone wins a Super Bowl or wins like an NBA championship or the World Cup or something like that。

 And the first thing they say in their speech is， hey， listen， I want to help。

 I thank all my teammates， think the training staff， think the people that got me here。

 I could not have done it without you guys， that kind of thing。

 That's massively respected because that's someone who has achieved a lot。

 Everybody knows he's achieved a lot。 He could have taken that moment to selfagggrandize and he didn't。

 And he doesn't have to selfagggrandize because his actions speak for themselves and his accomplishments speak for themselves。

On the other hand， let's say you were an up and coming boxer and you know you haven't had your title shot yet and maybe you have a couple flashy wins。

 well in that case being a little bit cocky， being a little bit brash。

 rubbing people even the wrong way， but definitely like just rubbing people like getting attention will potentially get you a title shot a lot faster。

 will potentially bring you to people's conscious awareness a lot faster than just good boxing would and so there's a point to that。

So。Brshness and boldness is useful when necessary。When you're not already in a clearly winning position。

 when you're in a clearly winning position。Oftentimes humility is good and you want the humility to be confident humility。

 if you will， right when the you know person who won like the Super Bowl is thanking all their staff。

 they're thinking them out of appreciation they're not thinking them out of thinking that they're not enough because they you know number one just made this accomplishment that is indicating they are enough。

 but two it's the type of accomplishment that you probably had to be pretty confident to even try and you had to be kind of bold in the performance of and things like that and you had to take risks so it's already very well indicated that they do think you know relatively high themselves that this confidence does exist So basically it's okay to be modest when the accomplishment to speak for themselves or when you've already major point。

Or when someone else is social proofing you because then you know the value is already coming from somewhere else。

 you don't want to be selfdeprecating right if the guy。

 instead of thanking everybody and appreciating people was likey honestly I don't even know why I'm here like I like didn't even play good game I almost like the other team really should have this I don't like this this is the shambles like that's not a victory speech that's like a weird that's like very very offputing and very low value and and is just wrong right you don't want to go there。

 you don't want to go to the level of actually talking down on yourself in a logical or legitimate way I would not go that far。

 but yes， being humble when they action speak for themselves magnifies the actions because you have to think I know these good things about him And he's being humble well by implication how many other good things has he not told me whereas like I know these good things about him and he's clearly self- promotingt。

 well， I probably know all the good things about him So humility is very good once you're already in good spotter once you've already kind of made your point。

Okay。Cool， I'm gonna I'm gonna actually just， I'm I'm gonna ask this question。 I'm gonna say it。

 and I'll answer it just a little bit but I'll kind of put a pin in it for tomorrow because it's really a tomorrow question。

 This is how do you avoid as a high value guy falling into low value traits when your life starts to crumble。

 How do you keep your head up and bounce back from that downfall in in whatever region of your life。

And。I'll say a few different things here I've not that's pretty funny Thank you guys。

 I appreciate that， I appreciate the slide advance。😊，Um， so。Yeah， basically when。

When things aren't going your way。There's a couple ways to take this。

 You can take this in a low value way and start exhibiting the low value traits， for example。

 complaining， making excuses， like explaining yourself a lot being really needy towards people etcter。

 or you can focus on it in a high value way， which is finding resilience like mobilizing the resources you already have finding solutions rather than excuse。

 et cetera。 So you can look at as an opportunity for good things to happen。

 and a lot of people that are the most high value they've had moments that are that were springboards that were maybe negative moments that sprung them to deeper success。

 So for example， one story that comes to mind。 This is a story of my college soccer coach made us all read one year。

 But we got the book。And this I can't accept not trying by Michael Jordan there were two。

 but it was two book package I think it was I can't accept not trying and basically what happened to Michael Jordan is in in high school。

 he got cut from his high school basketball team and a lot of people would equi basketball or those kind of things right they would have。

Given up or just said I'm not good enough or whatever for Michaels Jordan。

 it was a motivation for him to go to the gym before school every single day and practice and shoot and just do every single possible thing he could to never be cut again and you know that was a catalyst that motivated him to be not just good but maybe you know。

 arguably the greatest of all time and so in essence。

 it may have actually been a good thing for him the fact that he was cut from you know。

 from that team。So a lot of really good people like people that are really good at something or they're a really high value。

 they find a way to turn a negative situation positive right there's one guy on my team who who he's achieved he's very young。

 but he's achieved a lot academically in his life so far and he's a very together guy and he has this philosophy says good and that is whenever something bad happens what he tries to do he says good and then explain why it's good。

 explain why it can actually be leveraged to a good thing or how it can motivate him or why it's like the right thing for that moment or whatever and that's a much more healthy and positive attitude to take because it's going to to get you doing the right things to get back on track rather than wallowing in misery or wallowing in negativity or any of those kind of things so think of it as an opportunity right and remind yourself that if things were easy。

 everyone would succeed the fact that things aren't easy is your opportunity to succeed。Cool。

 let's see。I'm going to take。I'll do a couple。 we'll do just a few more questions。

 if I don't get to your questions， by the way， feel free to re them I already know even the ones that have been selected。

 I'm not going be able to get to quite all of them right now。

 so I'll get to what I can and then we can always hit these up later at a later time during one other session I'm going try to get to as many as I can though because I think they are good questions and I do like taking your questions I want to make this as personal as possible。

Um。That's a late that that one's for later。 So yeah。

 some of's questions I'm gonna skip over because I'm going to cover them later also， by the way。

That's that's a day two question。 I'm glad you guys are asking day two questions。

 though that's really good。 I'm really happy about that because you know， I like the material there。

 but's it's somewhat of a new area for me。 I haven't really got as deep in that area of self developmentment self-imp as I'm going here。

 So it's nice to see that the questions you guys are asking are in alignment with the things I'm presenting that that makes me think that like I did pick the right things and and it is gonna resonate。

 I'm really happy to see that。😊，Um。😀对。Oh it's funny。 I misread the question in a way was funny。

 but here's the question。 How can you roughly estimate her level， says lots of foglies。

 which I read is fugitive somehow when I'd read it。

 lots of ugly girls think they're tens and plenty of hotaughties have low self esteem。😊。

So what you're going to do is kind of a guess and check， right？

From the first moments you can tell a lot about a person based on the how they look and the choices they've made。

 So on average， in general， a hot girl is going to be more high value。

 And so you can treat her more as a high value individual。 You can be a little more abrasive。

 You can tease a little bit harder。 You can give her you can be a little more cocky those different things。

 whereasas a girl who's less attractive， is less likely to have had that kind of really positive social feedback over time。

 is a little bit less likely to。Have had like guys chasing her whole life a little less likely to be like super confident about her body and her sex appeal。

 those kinds of things。 So you can make a guess on average。

 but then as soon as you start interacting with someone。

 you're constantly getting new information and you're gonna to change your guess based on that new information right so if like if straight is the target you start over here and then you calibrate and you oh I want to little too far I'll go back I'll go back I'll go back until you eventually weave your way too straight on the target of who that girl is And so the more information you get you're just reassessing and reguesing from what you have and that's what it is essentially guess and check the better you get a game。

 the better you'll get a guessing the more experience more importantly you get with dealing with different kinds of girls the more girls you interacted with your guesses will become way better way faster so you're gonna to start guessing a lot more accurately and effectively then you used to。

U。Allright， I'll take。I'll take one。More question that's kind of interesting。

 This is kind of a day two question， but I'll take it。 And then I'm gonna go on。

 We have one more exercise activity for you guys before the break。Okay。So the question is， Todd。

 can you explain your view on what is moral and how it relates to game and winning in your own life？

Sometimes you say approaching the girl is the right thing to do。

 do you get that view of morality from Anne Rand's rational self interest stuff or how can I understand this more？

m so。This may sound。relativistic in a way， but there are there probably are。

 there are absolute morals， and then there are personal morals。And theres some some morals are。

 you have to say they're absolute because the world almost couldn't function without them， right。

 Like there's no society in the world that doesn't have a thou shalt not kill type of restriction or provision in its legal code and legal system because of people right around killing people。

 that would be a fundamentally huge problem for society。 And you know。

 it would be hard for other things in in in society to function， Similarlyly thou shalt not steal。

 etc ceter。 right， So there are things that are gonna to be。

Fairly absolutely moral and almost have to be enforced as moral on a societal level。But really。

 every person to an extent is going to determine their own moral code。

 they're going to determine their own convictions and their own values based on what they think is important。

So some people may believe that going sound one or the other of these is going to sound crazy to you and that just illustrates the point。

 so some people may believe that it's immoral not to give to charity。

Other people may believe that it's immoral to give to charity right and by the way the argument for the second one might be something along the lines of like free trade and efficiency and that the market's more efficient than charity or that like your job is to improve your own life in the lives of those around you and not be like medling in the ideas of strangers or pushing agenda or anything like that or that the fact that charities are inefficient and a lot of them are corrupt and maybe the money won't even get where it's intended to go so there's all kinds of different ways of evaluating any particular situation。

 even something that may seem obvious。So you have to determine your own moral code。

 you have to decide what is important to you and what's of value to you and that's actually gonna to be a huge part of we're gonna to talk about that in the second half of today and then into tomorrow determining your own moral code determining your own value system determining what you have on offer for girls but once you' have determined that the answer to what is moral is what lives up to your value system so when I say approaching a girls the right thing that assumes that you've decided to learn game that assumes that you've decided you want to approach girls and you want to have more women in your life and you want to date more actively you want to work on the skill set if you know that and you have that knowledge and belief and desire in your goal on one side and a little bit of fear and nervousness on the other side。

 putting your belief and desire and goal over the fear and nervousness in doing the right thing the thing that's moral rather than easy is moral or ethical or whatever word you want to use does that makes sense but it depends on your own personal priorities。

RightSo yeah， so you have your own idea of what you believe in。

 you have your own idea of what you will live with it and that things you can't you do believe or can or can't live with etc right so that's determined by you it's determined by your own particular set of beliefs and only you can know absolutely if you've acted acted ethically and morally based on your own set of beliefs right and there may be a time when based on your own set of moral or ethical beliefs。

 it actually may be right to violate something that is you know socially wrong， for example。

 like I mean this is baked into the law， but that thou shalt not kill。

 there's the example of like killing in self-defense or killing in the defense of someone else or killing during during a war against an oppressive regime or something like that that violates a rule but because of a greater understanding or because of another principle it actually could be deemed moral or ethical although I'm sure by the other side if they were to win the war they would de it unethical and you might be punished for it。

So there is a bit of relativism to what is moral， but hopefully you're consistent about it and hopefully you've given some good thought and have a good framework to what you consider moral and ethical and the beliefs and values that you have used to shape your life but when I say when I use the word moral in that context。

 I mean moral as in being true to yourself and being true to what you truly believe rather than caving into pressure or ease or something like that。

 so that's what I mean in that case。Cool。All right， so we got the， we got the poles back。

 I'm going just throw them out there real fast。So I think that's at value level。

I I't get the age poll。 Okay， I'll go through the polls with you guys on the next sessionca I'm having a little trouble reading them out of context。

 Last activity， I think is the last activity for the session。 Let me just， yes， okay。

 so last activity I want to do with you guys is something as kind of homework for the break and it's。

 it's very important if you could get only one thing out of this entire。😊，Events。

I told you to think about your one thing if you could get for me one thing out of this entire event and you've learned it。

 you've internalized it， you've embraced it， you've made it you this is the thing I would choose and the reason for it is this is going be a catalyst for so many other things if you get this one thing right then you you will get other things right。

 you will learn game， you will improve your finances。

 you will improve your health etc ce because you will be on that right path and that right path is synergistic。

So the idea here then is to you can see what the activity is going to be sort of。

 which is write a letter to what I call your inner loser。

 but let me explain what I mean by this and let me explain why I'm asking you guys to do this。So。

Essentially， we all know that if we could be our best selves all the time or even more of the time。

 that would improve our lives if you could be at your best all the time。

 you would be exponentially better。 We have those days where we wake up more motivated。

 we go to the gym， we do our work， We work on our business， we do that approach of that hot grow。

 we wanted to approach we live by our our ethical code instead of like。

 you know doing what's easy and if what's right， etc ceter。 If we did that every single day。

 we do amazingly and we know that and yet we still don't right we still do the easy thing instead to the right thing。

And a big reason for that is that oftentimes。Either we haven't codified what we wanted or maybe even more to the point。

There are consequences to that thing。 So what you think you want and what you actually want may be very different。

 So as an example， as a group of men， a lot of you probably had dreams to be like an athlete of some kind like a lot of you maybe you can you can write a yes in the chat or something if you wanted to。

 but this is more for you anyway， if you wanted to be a professional athlete on some like you wanted to be a pro baseball player。

 pro basketball player， you wanted to play soccer or whatever football if you're in Europe。

Or whatever sport it was， if you did want to do that， but you didn't achieve it。 Well。

 there's a lot of reasons why some have to do the talent and this and that。

 But my question to you is， did you really want it。 So for example。

Did you want to wake up at five in the morning and have to run till you puke？

Did you want to have to deal with risking injuries and having， you know。

 having to go to rehab and different things like that and having to be physically brave and having things just be painful a lot？

Did you want to deal with being in a situation where everybody's watching you and every single mistake you make will be scrutinized？

Um， or let's say that you were in high school and you wanted to go play in college。

And you're already working hard in high school and you know that like you know you're already you know running wind sprints and in the gym and your body hurts and it sucks getting up that early and if you go to college。

 the other would be that celebration I made it and then you'll wake up with the reality of the next day that now you have to perform and you have to to work in an even higher level and you're probably going to ride the bench again and have to restart that whole cycle and are you ready for that right are you ready for the thing that comes with it or for example。

 if you want to be more successful in your job。Do you actually want to be more successful in your job or would you just like to be more successful in job。

 or you just like to say that you want to be more successful in your job？ So， for example。

 do you want to take on more responsibilities。If not。

 you probably aren't going to get that promotion in your job。

Do you want more people working under you that you have to manage and that can complain to you and blame you for things？

If you're not willing to take that along with the package。

 you're probably not going get that promotion in your job right so everything that you do every time you step up in life。

 there's things that come with it right Do you want that hot ten1 girlfriends Well good I hope you do but if you do you're going to have to worry about keeping her you're gonna have to worry about continuing to live at the level that you promised you would live at Otherwise you're going to lose that that amazing girlfriends。

So。The question I'm going to ask you or what I'm going to ask you to do is this I want you to write to you can call your inner loser。

 inner weakness， whatever you want to call it， but I want to write you dear dear inner weaker self or dear inner loser or whatever write this letter out and I want you to kind of let your。

😡，Yourself know that you don't need it regulating and protecting you in the way it has before because your weakness。

 your excuses， they serve a purpose。 they serve a purpose for you。

 They protect you from embarrassment， they protect you from hard work。

 they allow you to live a more pleasant life， they allow you to procrastinate different things like that。

 And so if you want to succeed， the only way you're actually gonna get it is if you know the things you're gonna have to give up to do it。

 You may have to give up eating like， you know， three pieces of cake in the morning if you want to get in shape。

😡，You may have to give up making excuses and feeling sorry for yourself if you want to get ahead in business right And if you prefer making excuses and feeling sorry for yourself because it feels good。

 you probably won't get ahead。 And if that's the decision you want to make fine， I guess。

 but make it with your eyes wide open So what I'm asking you guys to do is open your eyes I'm asking you to open your eyes to the reality of what comes along with the thing you want。

 and I want you to write a letter to yourself explaining that you're willing to make that sacrifice for the things you really want。

 And if if you can't write this letter right if this letter。

There's not enough in this letter Then maybe you've structured your goals poorly or maybe you haven't thought them out fully or something like that because there should be enough motivation behind what you want to do that you are willing to give up the conveniences or being willing to solve a away to get those conveniences back And the nice thing is once you've achieved it once you've actually gotten there life will get easier But the process of getting there will be harder and you have to be willing to accept that if you're not you're not mentally ready to succeed you're not mentally prepared to succeed and that's what I want you guys to do is to actually get prepared to be successful。

 so your homework during this break or get to take a one hour break will be back in an hour for the second session of day one but in this hour get something to drink。

 get something eat go to the bathroom， all those kind of things。

 but also take a few minutes write this letter to your inner loser think about how you've been holding yourself back how you've been making excuses and dear inter loseer hey look I know you're trying to protect me I know I know。

Comes from this this and this I know this way this is someone you've had a relationship with your entire life right so they know you and you know them write this letter and let them know that it's time to it's time to move on it's time to step up because that's what we're gonna be doing over the next two sessions with that said I will leave you to the exercise and I'll be meeting up with you guys in an hour you should have a separate meeting link for the next meeting so it'll be a different link then this one was each time we meet it'll be a different session a different link so make sure you click on the right one for the right time it'll be in one hour from now which I believe will be around 430 Eastern time United States okay so in about one hour meeting back up do the exercise come back ready to learn and we will take it to the next level with the next session then take care。

