# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：02.进化和繁殖：6愚蠢的运气_5 Power of Disinterest【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

You may say， okay， that's just animals， whatever who cares。

 where we're smarter than that Why does this relate Its so important in the comments。

 Just be careful being bold at work。 Yeah， obviously。

 you want to be smart about these different things。

 There's a reason why you haven't why we do have the filters that we have and why we do have the risk taking you know。

 apparatus built into us and we can calibrate and things like that？

 But let's talk about some weird human reproductive behaviors and weird human mating behavior。

 shall we so just just we can see how value is perceived and how value is dealt with weirdly in humanity。

So the first is what I call the power of disinterest right。

 if you were talking to a girl and you gave her tons of compliments and were super nice to her。

And we're buying her gifts and kissing her ass and。

 begging and pleading her to go out with you and just offering that if she was with you。

 you'd give her the world。On a purely logical level。

 you would think that that should be good for her。 You're offering her more value。

 You're offering her more of yourself。 you're offering her。You know， a lot of kindness。

 a lot of positivity， all these things。 But what will happen in reality is that those things you're offering will probably just be largely disregarded or devalued because it seems needy。

 it seems like it's your only strategy。 It seems like you're only being nice in order to get something potentially it seems like a coping mechanism really。

 whereas if you show some disinterest， that actually will go a lot further towards getting on a girl's radar right by actually like teasing a girl or even sometimes going as far as like giving a girl actual shit。

 even like a full on dis or like actually being unavailable while that seems like a negative thing。

 it will actually make the girl， excuse me make the girl see you as a higher value person in a lot of cases。

Because the fact that you're willing to do it shows a lot more abundance。

 the fact that you're willing to do it shows that the times when you are nice。

 youre nice by choice rather than because you had to be a lot of times if all you are is nice。

It's perceived that that's your only strategy and you're nice in order to get something。

 whereas if you've shown you could be mean and get away with it。

 then the niceness is is actually worth more Think of it this way。

 if as you've gone through your life。 and this comes to an idea called implied social proof。

 which we'll talk about later。 But if you've gone through your life every time you've been mean to someone it's come back to bite you in the ass。

 you wouldn't feel comfortable showing disinterest or being mean。

 whereas if most of the time when you've you know been willing to take a risk and be potentially even a little mean。

 it's worked out well for you， you'll be a lot more willing to do so in the future and therefore that's a behavioral trait you have。

 Okay so the power of disinterest is very powerful。That's redundant。

 disinterest is very powerful in terms of triggering emotions in girls and also of triggering triggering a girl to see you as a high value person。

 So literally being meaner to a girl to a point not with not not over and over again and always。

 but having a little bit of willingness to actually be mean or really not take God of your way to be mean but not f to yourself。

 not sense yourself and to show genuine disinterest when it exists。

 actually will tremendously help you in game， which is counterintuitive because you literally are offering less。

 there's you， which is this fixed thing， you're offering less of it by showing disinterest and yet you're being perceived of as higher value as a proposition by showing。

Less positivity。