# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：02.进化和繁殖：2.燕子的双重交配策略_1 Evolution and REPRODUCTION【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

It's all going to come back to evolution。 Okay， fundamentally， we are animals， emotionally。

 especially we are animals。 our cognitive brains， our， our deep logical。

 rational thinking did not develop anywhere near as quickly as。

Our emotions did and so as animals we are governed by emotion first and we're a lot more similar to cats。

 dogs， chickens and fish than you maybe might think that we are and a lot of this stuff that we do was already programmed into us kind of biologically at that point because the emotional sorry the reproductive struggle that we have has not fundamentally changed reproductively fundamentally as soon as you're past asexual reproduction as soon as you're into sexualual reproduction。

 you have a male and a female of a species and you have competition for that you know that resource of breeding and that really hasn't changed it's fundamentally very。

 very similar even down to the lowest animals so we're going start off with some some of those animal examples and we're gonna to look at them and see what we can learn from them in terms of what is attractive and what is attraction and that kind of stuff。

So yeah， again， it all comes down to survival and reproduction。

 And I do want to point out that it's survival and reproduction， not just survival。 right。

 There's ideas survival of the fittest。 It's not actually survival of the fittest to survive。

 It's survival of the fittest to reproduce right， So for example， things like。

Having a propensity towards。Like Alzheimer's in your 70s probably doesn't affect survival and reproduction very much right。

 it's not it's not something that's going to be as likely to be weeded out。

 especially many long ago when people didn't live as long from this sort of survival and reproduction natural selection game because by the time someone was 70。

 they were already。Past the reproductive potential in the evolutionary environment， however。

 something that determines your status when you're 16，17，18，19。

20 as a man and determines how you move through life and what your position in the tribe is might have a tremendous impact on your survival and reproduction。

 So that is something that's going to be much more selected for。

So I do want to point out it's not just fitness to survive， it's fitness to reproduce。

 so anything that's relating to your years after your reproductive window is not really going to matter and stuff that doesn't relate to passing your genes along as directly is going to be less emphasized than this than stuff that does。

