# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：01.感知和价值：吸引力不是一种选择_5 Emotional Relevance【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Okay， and what do we notice， we notice the things that are emotionally relevant。

 specifically in general， things that are emotionally relevant are things that we attribute as having value。

 right， the whole idea of this this event， value event， things that are of value to us。

 we view as emotionally relevant， Also things that are a threat to us。

 So something is either valuable or threatening， then we're going to be more likely to notice it。

 than we would， if it wasn't either valuable or threatening。

 So your goal or one of your first goals when dealing with women or really dealing with anyone you want to make an impression with is to become emotionally relevant。

 okay。So this is a little chart， basically this is your emotional range or the emotional range of a normal person here。

I will take myself off the chart so you can see the whole chart for a second。

This is emotional relevance。This range between the plus and the minus here， these dotted lines。

That's sort of a normal experience。 That normal experience is because it's normal， very forgettable。

 right That's like why when you drive to work， for those who still are driving to work。

 maybe a bad example at this time in life but you forget that commute or when you're like brushing your teeth and g for bed。

 you forget that process It's something you do every single night like habit。

 your brain basically switches off during the process， that's not at all memorable。

 if you have a very similar conversation to 10 of conversations you've had， it's not very memorable。

 But when someone massively insults you， it's memorable。 Someone massively compliments you。

 it's memorable。 if you're driving to work and there's an accident and you like almost die in the accident。

 it's very memorable So anything that's outside of your normal range is memorable because it's a value or it's a threat So your goal。

 especially early on a game is to do things that are either in the blue sorry in the green sections or the red sections。

Where it is outside of the normal range of human experience and therefore is going to stand out。

