# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：2胜利者的心态_2 Mentality of a Winner【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The idea of what is selfesteem and more specifically。

 I just want to make give you a phrase because we all heard of selfesteem。 We all know what that is。

 but want to make the point that what we're focusing focusing on what's going to convey you is I call it self-esteeem。

 not others esteem。 That's， that's my focus in what I do。 So I don't。

 if you're trying to make something great if you're trying to do something with your life etc ceter。

 If you're constantly worrying about how other people are going perceive it。

 You're never going to please everybody and you're of constantly just drive yourself insane。 right's。

 it's impossible to have the esteem of all others and running around chasing it as a fool's errin。

So instead of worrying about that， instead of worrying about others' esteem。

 worrying about self esteem， ask yourself， will I be proud of myself if I do this。

 will I be happy with this effort and that should be your ultimate standard。In any case， yeah。

 so focusing on your own thing and the mentality you want to have to be successful is instead of having 7 billion people in the world or almost eight now be have their attitude towards your be neutral nondisapproving because that's what get if you try and please everyone you get 8 billion neutral non-diapproving people in the world instead your goal。

 if you want to be successful， have a business or whatever is to have a0 raving fans if you can have that。

 you are set for life。 you have1 thousand0 raving fans of 10 people that just absolutely love you and would go to the ends of the earth for you would do anything for you in terms of business or the most loyal loyal customers。

 the most loyal fans that kind of thing that's what you're looking for and the funny thing is if you do that。

 if we just look for that that small amount of really like body and people who are your people because you're being absolutely true to yourself then you're actually gonna be more popular with more people anyway and you're gonna have that deeper connection But you're going for that mass appeal you'll end up getting no appeal oftentimes and that's what most people end up doing。

 So I just want to point out that the idea。Is it's selfesteeem not others esteem because your value comes from your values right so again。

 we talked yesterday about playing on the right on the right playing field。

 we talked about Lebron versus Michael Phelps if you're playing from if you're playing a sport where the values are the things valued are swimming。

 Michael Phelps is gonna win you're playing a sport where the values are jumping and being big and and being able to throw a ball through a hoop。

 Lebron James is gonna win So again， your value comes from your values and you want to very much set your values speak your values that kind of stuff。

 another great mentality of a winner is a mentality to do what's right， not what's easy。

 I'm not going to too much depth on this right now because we discussed it briefly on day one as well。

 But the idea that life is a and this is like you could write down this quote if you had like a list of Todd quotes。

 this is a Todd quote that like should be written down which is that life is a series of choices between the right thing and the easy thing and your success will be proportional to the amount of times you did the right thing rather than the easy thing and the times when the right and easy thing are the same。

Are largely irrelevant because everybody is doing them right when。

 you know like eating to stay alive， everybody's doing that。

 you're not going to set yourself apart by doing that。

 you're not setting yourself apart by breathing， you're not setting yourself apart by sleeping。

 although if you if you don't sleep， you could definitely mess yourself up right but the things that everybody's doing。

 you're not setting yourself apart by doing。But the things that are hard。

 the things that people are failing at， you should actually be very。

 I was I saying as going you embraces the word， you should embrace those because that's your opportunity to set yourself apart。

 that's where you actually become excellent couple of things I just want to put out to you because success in life does translate to success in dating and because we do want to be high value guys in general wherever you work。

 no matter what you do。Remember I told you guys internal locus of control。

 you're in charge of your own situation， you're in charge of your own life。

 The mentality you need to have is that you work for yourself period。

 even if you work within a company because you are your own job security you are the person who is going keep you safe from being fired because you become so invaluable to the company and you're going become safe from being unemployed because you become so good at your job and so good at the related tasks that if you had to replace it with another one。

 you absolutely could get another job almost instantly。 So the point is。

 even if you work intrinsically you work for yourself and your job is become so valuable to that company。

 so ir replace with that company that you literally are replacement one you can grow within it and or you can eventually literally work for yourself if you ever want to and you should have the skills and the ability for that。

 But again， self-reliance。Primarily you need to be able to take care of yourself。

 even if you are working synergistically with others and even if other people are contributing。

 you should be at least capable because now you're coming from a place of abundance。

 coming from a place of offering value and everything that you do。

