# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：02.进化和繁殖：3赢家效应_2 The Dual Mating Strategy of the Swallow【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So this bird is the swallow and no puile high school jokes。 please。 So this is the swallow。

 And the swallow is a very interesting bird， because。

Essentially it has a few different mating strategies so the way it works is that you have the there's two things that need to happen for for swallows right one is that the the female swallow needs to be fertilized right needs to have a male swallow get her pregnant essentially and then the second thing that needs happen is once she's once the eggs have been laid。

 someone needs to tend to the eggs like someone needs to help take care of those eggs。

And so a swallow has two different reproductive options。

 which are actually pretty similar to the reproductive options that a human being will have。

 One option is to mate with one female swallow and guard that nest vigilantly and try and invest all their eggs in one basket。

 so to speak and really invest in that basket and take care of that that nest of eggs。

 The other example or the other sorry， alternative strategy that a swallow can employ is the strategy of getting as many female swallows pregnant as possible。

And then hoping that the nests that they got the female swallows impregnated for will be taking care of one way or another。

 whether by， you know some other male swallow or just hoping that by random chance。

 they do okay with just the female taking care of them or whatever。

But it's unlikely because there is a decent amount of care needed。

 so most likely you're hoping that some other male will be in their tending to the eggs that you you have fertilized in that case。

And so the question is， which strategy is best， right？ So that's， that's the real question。

 People talk about this with with with human beings， lover and provider， which strategy is best。

 It better be a lover， better be a provider within the， you know。

 sort of the dating community and the pickup community。 There's definitely this strong。

 I see people saying like second， second strategy for the win and comments like that， right。

 It definitely is more。😊，Cool seeming in some on some level that sort of a thing to do the the impregant older women's strategy and there's there's certainly a macho element to it。

 But the question is， which is actually better， which is actually more effective at getting genes to the next generation and for the swallow。

The answer is it depends， it actually completely depends on what the other swallows are doing。

So if most of the swallows are tending to the nests。Then in that case。

 it becomes highly beneficial and massive a massive improvement reproductively to go around and try and impregnate the female swallows and then hope that some guy will be guarding the nest and watching out for them because the other swallow strategy is specifically helping you。

On the other hand， if all all the swallows start using that strategy and all of them start just like sleeping around。

 so to speak， then all of a sudden the nests are generally not being tended to。

 and females are going to start placing more emphasis on the nest being tended and also just a lot of the effort that's being spent sleeping with a random female swallows is just being wasted because the eggs are going to wasteted。

 not being tended and not ever actually maturing to anything。

So what happens is it's what's called an evolutionary stable strategy or a balanced strategy。

Where basically， depending on what the world is doing， a different strategy is favored。 right， Okay。

 so what are takeaways for us as human beings， Well。

 first takeaway is this very same strategy exists and works for us as human beings， right， we。

 we have the same strategies of。You know， having kids and like taking very close care and being monogamous and having one woman。

 or we have the strategies of going around and trying to get as many women pregnant as possible。

 And depending who's doing what the different strategies work differently and different， you know。

 to to a certain extent。 Also our strategies are flexible over time and and it depends， right。

 So modern technology， birth control， things like that have affected this strategy as well。

 excusecus me， Abs， things like that， that can can affect reproductive potential can affect whether someone。

Proceeds through with a particular pregnancy。 Also。

 the fact that resources have become more abundant。

 And so it's less likely that a child left alone will actually not survive。

 That affects the strategy as well。 So these different factors that are constantly pulling on both sides pulling and talkinggging both sides。

 And it's a dynamic strategy。 What the best thing to do depends on。

You know what other people are doing， It also depends on your value relative to others。

 right how capable you are of executing one strategy or another factors in as well。

 But the point is there's not one absolute best strategy。 It's a flexible strategy。

 even for a creature as simple as the swallow， And we as human beings are tremendously more complex so。

You can only imagine the complexity we deal with。