# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：04.如何传达高价值：6.价值比率【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Oh here's a question I get a lot。Which is the question of， is it possible to have too much value？

Is it possible to have too much value this gets asked a lot because I think there's these the ideas of like being overqualified or like intimidating or go with value and stuff like that and what I think this really all comes down to is the value ratio and I want to explain this through this metaphor of coffee and milk right or。

Excuse me， coffee and cream， coffee and sugar， whatever you want to do。

But the point is anybody who gets coffee a lot， they probably have their preference for how they take their coffee right。

 so maybe in a cup this size， like a smallish cup， which the what's tall， tall is small。

 but in the small cup， they want this amount of like the creamer。Okay， so that's the ratio they like。

 And if they're getting that ratio， the coffee tastes really， really good to them right。

 tastes really， really good。 And so that's the ratio they want。

 And if they're getting their proper ratio， they want more and more and more coffee right。

 There's no such thing as too much coffee。 There's in the real world， Yes， there is。

 But for this metaphor， there's no such thing as too much coffee as long as you have the value ratio。

😊，What happens though， is you go wrong when you start messing up the ratio。And by the way。

 we're saying the coffee is the value and the cream is the comfort right so that's the metaphor as we go through this。

So if instead you get this。Same amount of cream or bigger coffee。 Now， it seems like you got more。

 right， because you got more coffee and you did。 You literally did get more coffee。

 The main thing you're getting， you got more。 But for a lot of people， this would be distasteful。

 right， they wouldn't like it because they don't like it， this black。

 a lot of people would actually prefer to have less coffee but get the ratio right。 However。

 if you up to the amount of cream here to now match the proper ratio and get that taste that you're looking for。

 Now， all of a sudden。You'd be okay again。 And the the girl in this case。

 dealing with value and comfort。 The coffee drinker would be very happy to take more coffee because it's coffee they like。

 It's coffee where the ratio is good。 So the problem isn't of having too much value。

 It's having the wrong ratio that makes the experience not pleasant for the other person。

 As long as you're in roughly the right ratio， there is no such thing as too much value。

 But say that like a girl， I'm just gonna to sign number。

 say that the girl's ratio was like a2 to one ratio of value to comfort。😊。

So four to two would be better than two to1 and six to three would be better than4 to2 and 10 to five would be better still。

But 10 to one would be very off putting， it might make the girl nervous。

 it might make her distrust you， it might make her just like you might be like grding on her a little bit。

So if the ratio is wrong now the extra value that you've added is not actually a value because you've added in the wrong way。

 So what you're trying to do is you're trying to calibrate this ratio。

 but you're trying to add the value。 and basically for any girl。

 there's a certain fill level where if the cup gets full to a certain level she has sex with you but she won't let it get full to that level if the ratio is unpleasant along the way。

 So that's kind of the way the metaphor goes。 So this is what it looks like if you have way too much value and way too little comfort。

Probably， you know， if you， if you really need your coffee， you'll stomach it。

 but it's not your preference。 And then this is what it looks like if you have。

Too little value and too much comfort。 And for most people， that's relatively disgusting。 Most。

 most people don't want that。 The girl doesn't want that。 She's not going to appreciate that。

 And she's going to want to not consume that。 right， So that's the idea of this value ratio。

The ratio is determining the actual product getting and she's getting and then there's the question of how much。

 but how much of something they don't like is very different than how much of something they do。

 And that's why the ratio matters and girls are going to have a blueprint ratio。

 This is one of the key things I'm thinking about when when I'm assessing a girl's blueprint and then acting on that blueprint is how much comfort does she need and how much value does she need and how do I get that ratio right now how do I do that。

Partly， I do it by guessing， right， I do it by my experience with girls in general。

 My experience with girls like this。 And I make the best guess I can。

 But the other thing that I do is it's again， guess and check。

 So I'm noticing I'm noticing when I tease the girl in like kind of harsh way。 How does she react。

 Is she loving it， Okay， Well she probably needs more value and less comfort。

 If I tease a girl in a harsh way。 And she seems kind of like， you know。

 gets shy about her gets a little like offended by it。

 probably need up the comfort and and lower the relative amount of value to that comfort。

 So I'm paying attention。 I'm calibrating， I'm figuring out the ratio as I go。 And ideally。😊。

If you're good at game， if you're good at the technical side of game。

 you'll know specific things you can do to increase the value。

 You'll know specific things you can do to increase the comfort， and you can get the mix right。

 And so it's like almost as if you had like a meter， like if you had it's not like a thermometer。

 but like a more ratioometer right， if you had a ratioometer here， I'll draw it in here。

 We'll draw a little ratioometer。We have the ratioometerter here， right。

 here's the ratioometer right， so you have this ratioometer。And if the ratioometer gets too low。

You add more coffee and the ratiometer gets too high， you add more， more milk。

 And as long as you can read the ratiometer， you're going to be able to add the little coffee。

 a little milk， a little coffee， a little milk until you essentially get the mix right enough that she'll stick around and then you get the cup full enough that she drinks it。

 I she has sex。 right So that's， that's what you want to be doing。

 That's the idea is as long as you can tell where you're at And you know how to add positives and negatives。

 You don't have to guess properly。 You make your best guess。 you go with it。 And then you calibrate。

 And it's actually not that hard to do。 It gets easier the more experience you get。

But it's not fundamentally a difficult task， it's just a matter of paying attention and having the skills to adapt。

