# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：03.价值和吸引力：7传达高价值特征_7 Conveying High-Value Traits【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So we're going to go into in a minute some of these different conveyed value traits。

 So let me go back just a second here。 So we have this list here， one right here。

 So these are the actual evolutionary value traits。 right。

 These are the things that the girls specifically looking for are the things that girls specifically triggering on This next list is going be how do we show those things。

 So what is it that we can do to demonstrate that we have the things on those left。

 So this is difference between had like existent value and conveyed value。

So we talked about this before， social proof。Right， seeming to be popular。

Seeming to have positive attention。In sales， things like testimonials， having a good reputation。

 having people talk about you positively， all these things is really going to help you when you you have a photo having a photo with the house girls in it makes it look like。

 you know females in your life again， things like that。

 So social proof the reason social proof works is that is an honest signal。

 I'll talk briefly about this idea。Of honest and dishonest signals。

 So an honest signal is something that's very hard to fake。 A dishonest signal。

 something that's easy to fake。 So if I brag about myself， I say I'm awesome。

 That's very easy to fake。 I could lie about that。 If somebody else says I'm awesome。

 that's a lot harder to fake because if we're lying about that。

 we had to at least arrange it and get them to lie。

 And I maybe compensate them for lying or something like that， right。

 So it's a lot harder to lie about it。😊，When it's coming from someone else。 So therefore。

 it's a lot more well trusted or well respected。 if you go even further and say， like you're famous。

 And so like the media has said your， you know， high value。 Well。

 that's even a bigger thing because that's a group of people that don't know you directly saying that about you。

 So the more distant the endorsement is from you。The better off it is in terms of seeming honest。

 the more unintentional it seems， the more honest it seems。So for that reason。

 other people responding well to you， particularly other girls responding well to you is extremely useful and extremely high value and something we want to go out of our way to convey when possible。

 next is implied social proof。 So how do you convey social proof when there's nobody around well your actions speak to your past So if you're very confident that says that in the past when you've been confident usually worked out well for you if you are very shy。

 it says that in in the past when you've been confident you've probably got a negative reception we're not considered to be high value if you're willing to lead that indicates when you've led before it's worked well。

 if you're unwilling to lead the opposite right So your actions the confidence you show implies social proof also。

😊，The way you tell your stories， the details that exist or don't exist in your stories can imply positive or negative social proof they can imply things about you that are either good or bad。

 and so this is a way that you can have a fairly honest signal the implied social proof signal without actually saying something so instead of saying I'm popular you tell a story in which you being popular is a prerequisite for the story to make sense so it's just assumed that you must be high value and again confidence implies competence so competence is very。

 very valuable and very useful as we've talked about and if you are confident that implies competence。

 This is another idea along those same lines of that sort of implied social proof so confidence is an implied social proof for things like confidence confidence is implied social proof for things like competence and also things like achievement success positive social reception。

 all those kind of things so confidence is one of the most attractive things you can have and one thing you definitely should。

I would say go out of your way to convey， but definitely don't go out of your way not to convey it you're sorry for the double negative。

 but deal with it。Energy is a proxy for health， So obviously there are clear indicators of health。

 like like I said， symmetrical phase like being in like not being morbid low obese。

 not being so skinny， you don't have any muscle， those kind of things but also just having energy seeming vibrant seeming happy is a good proxy for health because we all know how we act when we feel sick。

 if you have a headache or you're sick to your stomach or something like that you're go throughout your day。

 you're not jumping around， you're not smiling you're not bouncing that kind of things so if you are if you do have a lot of energy。

 if you seem positive， you seem happy all those kind of things it is interpreted that you're healthy。

 you're shifts together， your life's taking care of and you're on top of things and whatnot So energy is a really good proxy for health it doesn't necessarily mean anything in of itself and certainly don't be a clown So don't try and like take this advice and like game purely an energy and just be bouncing off the walls and assume that's attractive it's not but some level at least a decent level of energy and positivity is a great indicator of health and it is。

A very， very attractive trait for you to have overall， so again， something to convey in your story。

 something to convey in your game， something to cultivate in your life。Next one。

 handling shit tests and problem solving。 right， so dealing with。

When bad shit happens right and this goes to resilience。

 it also goes to just confidence because if you have confidence you won't crumble hopefully。

 but resilience right being able to deal with a difficult situation。

 being able to get through it problem solving shows competence So these are ways of demonstrating and interestingly enough because handling shit tests and problem solving is really useful actually provoking shit tests can be a really good strategy and game right getting some shit tests early on in the interaction can actually help you tremendously。

To convey your personality quickly， right， think of it this way。 If I were to brag about myself。

 that's a dishonest signal。 The grow Pi won't trust it。 But if instead of braggging about myself。

 I just， I say something kind of polarizing。 she gives me shit。

 and then I handle that shit in a way that makes me look positive。 I didn't brag about myself。

 but it displayed high value。 I displayed high value。Forced to， I was forced to display high value。

 So it was unintentional。 It's more honest。 Okay， so triggering shit test actually can can get you traction faster than than if you were to just game without any shit test。

 In fact， the girl that gives no shit test actually in some ways can be hard to game。

 You want to provoke some level of shit test or at least some level of banter at some point in the interaction。

🤧。And then knowing the dance， this is what I call。So the dance basically is the idea of being good at game right knowing the steps。

 knowing how to escalate properly， knowing how to flirt。

 having experience with girls to the point that like if a girl's on her period。

 you can handle it without getting bent out of shape or figuring out logistics in a way that's not awkward and doesn't make the girl feel like doesnt that make the girl feel s going home with you all these little things that show you know what you're doing around girls are great because they make the experience better for the girl so it makes things easier for her。

 it makes it easier for her to say yes to you all those kind of things excuse me but it also implies about your past it applies you've had success with girls it applies things have gone well for you in the past。

 which again is that implies social proof which is so， so so powerful on so many levels。

So knowing the dance， knowing how to flirt， having practice makes you more attractive and this is one of the major reasons why guys。

 even with even if they have mediocre coaching， if they are willing to go out a lot。

 can get to a certain level， they can get up to at least like an intermediate level in game just by doing a ton of approaches。

 getting to advance is a little harder， but just practice and familiarity can get you a long way just because of knowing the dance。

 knowing what comes up understanding the scenarios those kinds of things。

