# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：10.附录（完整记录）：第2天-第1课时（完整录音）_Day 2 — Session 1 (Full Recording)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey guys， what's up welcomee back for day two Val mastery me and my team have been up pretty much all night and working all day trying to incorporate the different suggestions you guys had different things we can implement etctera。

 so the presentation looks different than it did yesterday。

 but I think in a really good way I'm pretty excited to share it with you guys I'm going to start off with actually a video though。

😊，Because I think it's I think it's a good example and also because since we were working to the very last minute we actually haven't even uploaded the slides so we're uploading the slides to the presentation as we go so I'm going to start you off with this video let me get here and this is a this is infield of me。

😊，And this is just it's one archetype of value but I want you to look at just some of well first of all。

 the things I say， but also sort of the behaviors and mannerisms and the tone and nature of the conversation the willingness to be polarizing etc。

 I think this is only like a 20 or 30 second clip， but I think it is a good example to look at so without too much further ado I'm going to start the video hopefully it plays for you guys let me know in the chat if it doesn't play properly。

 but it should be fine。ざいまら。有人吗？Do you honestly think I give a shit about your day？这。Not even one。

 Bri juice this way too。I went down you。Okay， so that's just a really quick little dialogue right。

 but there's a lot that you can take away from that different things that I'm kind of willing to do willing to say that a typical guy might not be willing to say right so。

A couple things that went on there。 first of all， she was talking about general things talking about you know。

 did you know go those guys that say boring things those guys that have boring conversations so she told me a little bit about her blueprint right she told me what she doesn't like。

 what she's looking for that kind of thing And you could tell that from her blueprint。

 she was kind of this like arrogant girl like oh so many so many guys hit on me you know guys you know talk to me boring etc cea。

 etc ce so。Based on that blueprint and based on just being willing to take a risk in general。

 I said that do you honestly think I give a fuck， et cetera。

 right but it's important to delivery as well， one thing I wanted to emphasize like we've got a lot of questions overnight about you know what is the action of value or you know what is the right thing to do in this situation a lot of times value isn't necessarily the thing you do but it's the way you do that thing right so it's not just doing the right thing。

 It's doing the right thing in the right way。And so with that in mind。

It's notice that like I'll play it again after， but notice that I paused before saying the thing notice that it wasn't like this like I don't care about you it was like like kind of like like joke like like I was amused by oh you think it what you think I would care right so it's it's more that I'm I don't。

I'm not being try hard， I'm not trying to be insulting it's more goodnd and more funny and more that I find the entire thing amusing so all of that really factors in to to how the whole thing is going play out also just the idea of banter the fact that I'm willing to do the do the word play and you know just trust myself and that kind of stuff。

So one red her blueprint two willing to be polarizing three。

 the pauses and the delivery Not that when you watch it the second time because you guys are all noticing I'm seeing the words in the chat and whatnot。

 but notice the pauses notice the delivery notice how my voice seems amused notice how it's not like I'm just like almost saying it because I think it's funny not because I'm trying to get a reaction from her all those different kinds of things like that are absolutely critical in how something like this will be perceived and then also beyond all that understand the blueprint。

 I knew this girl's blueprint， I knew she was gonna be that girl that she considers herself high value she considers herself she was kind of like playing the game of like all these guys hit on man better than them like I don't give I care less so I played the I care even less sir even more or less than you kind of card so she has that like kind of social socially high value blueprint or I think I'm high value socially so I'm gonna play one more time watch again for the delivery toality vibe but those kind of things because I'm sure you' all。

The words the first time， but I want you to notice the delivery， the pauses。

 that kind of stuff the second time on a play one more time for your viewing。不ざブら。🎼呀。

Do you honestly think I give a shit about your dad？🎼Bring getting too。 It way too。I went down here。

All right， so it's just kind of an amusing little video。

 an amusing little clip and overall it's not that like one one line or one clever little retort is making your entire interaction。

 but your interaction is made up of lines and retorts and moments and that kind of stuff so trying to have as many of those you know moments where you are conveying a certain archetype of high value guy in this case。

 the socially aloof guy， the guy who doesn't give a shit even more than she doesn't give a shit。

 but you know picking those kind of things up and being willing to not insult but be polarizing right saying I don't give a shit about you actually is not insulting as interesting distinction right I don't give a shit about you is not insulting。

 it's polarizing saying you're an awful person you're ugly。

 those kind of things would be insulting but saying I don't feel a certain way about you not insulting。

 but it is polarizing。And that's a very important distinction as we talk about like， you know。

 frame control and qualification and some of the things that are going to kind of come up soon in the presentation。

 all right。😊，U。So， we are。Waiting on the slide presentation still let me notify my team on that。

 there's some things I can do at the start here， some things I was going to do anyway。Really。系 on啦。

Okay， all right， so while I'm， while we're waiting in the slides real fast。

 couple of things I want to do little shout outs， some of you guys on Facebook。

We're doing a really good job with the comments in general， great job。

 and lots of comments and lots of feedback。 And thank you guys for that。 And also。

 thank you for those of you who filled out the feedback form me and gave us insight。 We actually did。

 like I said， make a lot of adjustments based on that content and at a lot of things but in particular for being being vulnerable and sharing when willing to put it out there。

 for your inner loser letters。 I want to recognize if I get any of these names wrong。

 I apologize S Ben， I think it's Zoo J Z U Iwin， those are the ones I saw anybody else who posted that I missed。

 Thank you guys that's awesome that you guys are sharing and。😊。

You know putting putting your thoughts out there and pulling vulnerable stuff out there in this community over the next few months as we're working towards achieving goals together。

 that's going to be really great that you guys are doing that and it's going it should contribute a lot to your own success and the success of the other people that are in the program with you so I really want to just keep encouraging that kind of feedback and we'll try and be me and the coach somewhat active as well if we can in terms of all of that so。

😊，We're going to work towards all of that。hi on我 second。I'm going to try this。Yeah。Okay， cool。

 that's weird， but I got it。All right guys， sorry about that I had to do one quick thing。

 but I have the slides now I just basically had to refresh I was a little worried I like I refresh the webinar if it would kick everybody out。

 but we're good I have the slides we're good to go all right， let's do this。All right， so yeah。

 welcome back You guys asked about the poll results。 I don't have the age pool。

 I actually haven't even seen that one myself yet。 I think it was skewed towards young mid mid20s was was the highest。

 but there was some in the 30s and some younger as well annual income for the breakdown was here So I know when I'm talking about business success I'm talking about guys that are you know making some money but definitely could use a bump there amount of girls is on the low intermediate end so good to know and then perceived value here I did notice that all these numbers don't add up to 100。

 so maybe there were some of you who did say one or 10 or something like that。

 but this seemed to be the range where most of the responses were falling。

So if that gives you some kind of an idea just out of curiosity of what you guys what you guys self-asseed。

 I found it rather amusing， not too surprising， it's a similar demographic to what I'll get on an immersion program overall。

 although usually the annual income for immersion program would be higher because it is a more expensive program but yeah。

 but good breakdown very very typical of like people that are in the intermediate range to maybe like the lower end of intermediate in terms of their game and。

And good， well let's see if we get this perceived value。

 hopefully if we did the repo in a few months， we'll get this perceived value up so you guys are all thinking you're like eight to 10。

 that would be， that would be a nice result。Okay， good stuff this is the feedback I just gave Another thing here Someone had a question on the feedback form that I thought was an interesting one that I'm going just address an answer so the question was I'm going to read this off on my other side here said honestly my number one security is how and when and if to convey embarrassing or shameful things about my past tol my past career crashed and burned after being publicly disgraced over allegations of sexual misconduct that had some truth to them which is pretty that's a pretty brutal situation it's a long story but I imagine others may have insecurities or criminal history are there major blunders or social social suicides in the past。

How do I communicate these things when meeting new people in a way that allows me to still show high value resilience and trust how or when and how do you even bring that up and my answer would be not early on absolutely not early on do not like unburden yourself with that information until you have enough sort of value in history and the person actually knows you there's a lot of things that。

Are totally fine once you know someone and once you have some view of their personality and trust of them and sense of who they are。

 But if they were the first thing you found out about someone。

 they'd be an immediate deal breaker so like for example。

 one thing I'm thinking of is random example but a lot of girls put in like online profiles only if you're a certain height or above but Ive met a lot of girls online being below that height and have no problem and had a great dates and gone on to sleep with them or have relationships with them or whatever or maybe and meet a girl you know in real life who would have that on her profile and she'd have no problem meeting me in real life。

 but if she you know just that was the first thing she's immediately screening out for it。

 that's a very minor thing， these things you're talking about or obviously a little more serious but basically the more serious a thing is the more potentially troubling or the more potentially low valuemaking or problematic for you the more value you want to make sure you have before presenting it and I certainly would not be in a hurry to present these kind of things to。

Someone in fact， whether you even have to present them at all in anything short of a very serious relationship is debatable like if if it's something that's still affecting your life now by all means。

 or if it's something that you think that you know at a certain point in relationship down the road if she found it out it would feel like a massive breach of trust to you that you hadn't shared it with her yet that would be the only reason why I would want to do why I would want to share those kind of things in general your past mistakes or your past mistakes and you want to be the best person you can be now like for example。

 you wouldn't want to tell a girl every time you like you know what the bed in grade school or every embarrassing thing you did in middle school or whatever right so I would only even care about saying that if it was relevant to the present I wouldn't be worried about it and I wouldn't like you know there's this idea that like you want to be loved for you you wouldn to be loved for all the things about you just。

Get rid of that idea and instead want get get the idea that you want to be loved for your best self。

 You want to be love for the person you can be now and the person who you will be for that girl。

 you know all the negative things that have ever happened in your life。

 and that makes you more insecure about yourself than you are about other people。

 Everybody else knows all the negative things about their life。 And and， you know。

 it's okay for you to keep that information and them to keep their information and you to just have a positive interaction based on who you are now for the most part。

 So I certainly wouldn't be looking to。Throw that stuff into the conversation anytime soon if at all。

 the only reason I would ever want to do it is if it is such a major thing where like she would Google you and find it out and then it would seem like a breach of trust later and at that point I'd be just assessing where you think where you think that that line is crossed it probably in a pretty serious relationship but it is interesting Another situation that's similar to that that a lot of guys ask is should you tell girls about doing game and it's the same kind of an answer。

 which is that's your own personal information， you don't need to unburden yourself with that and that's only going to detract from their experience rather than enhancing their experience So honestly if you think you're doing that for them you're probably not you're probably being selfish in doing it for your own emotional reasons more than anything else So I did want to throw that in there。

All right。Let's do a quick recap of day one and we're gonna go very quickly through this because we have a lot of day two information I don't want to spend a lot of time recapping。

 but major lessons from day one perception， you're not noticing everything about a situation you're only noticing a few key things which are the emotionally relevant things。

 evolution， every single thing that we do psychologically and in terms of relationships and attraction that kind of stuff it all has this foundation and evolution So if you're ever confused about what's likely to be the case in the situation orre ever confused about what could be attractive or not attractive can when youre analyzing it you can go back to that core idea of evolution and the tribal environment and usually you can get a good answer from that it's a good bar to go back to a good metric for evaluation key idea which actually a lot of you guys really resonate with was the idea attraction is not a choice that know how you act on it what you do with it is but attraction itself is not a choice。

Then we had the ideas of the list of what are high value behaviors and low value behaviors and explaining them。

 we talked about leveling， which I won't go into too much detail I'm just reminding you guys of it and we talked about blueprint So those were the technical things that we talked about day one for anybody who happen to not be able to make day one or for those of you who just want to quick recap because you slept and you forgot a little bit or whatever so that's outer game recap from day one Inga recap from day one and this is going to be very applicable because we're going talk a little bit more about inter game today as well first is positive framing and self talk the way you talk to yourself matters and is going to change your perception a lot So be conscious of that the way the way you interact with yourself becomes eventually the way you interact with the world the ideas of state and flow how you do want to create situations for state and situations for flow but you don't want to be dependent on them and you never want to use them as an excuse we talked about the winter effect that's gonna be very important when we talk about goal setting towards the end of today so we're gonna come back to that。

for sure and then we talked about process orientationation and how you attribute successes or failures if you're a higher or low value guy typically so that's kind of a nice little recap of different things that they went over yesterday and then this and I think this is a very。

 very important a recap from yesterday as well feedback loop of faking it till you make it and then becoming because people always ask like should you become the high value guy or should you fake it till you make it just act like the high value guy and you should try and do both obviously you should try and become as high value as you can in terms of the core characteristics and you should also start acting like that high value guy and here's why kind of faking it will make it for you when you have a behavior that's more effective gets you better results that will improve your inner game and actually make you more like that high value guy which will make that behavior easier so getting on this cycle as soon as possible is very very important is why you shouldn't wait until you're in shape to start approaching girls you shouldn't wait until you have money to start approaching girls you shouldn't wait till you have a perfect game or perfect theoretical game you can't get perfect game without that approaching but you can't shouldn't wait。

So you get perfect game before approaching girls or going online or however your meeting girls so these are all again recaps from。

From yesterday， all right， now into new material for today and the first concept I want to bring up today is a very。

 very very， very important concept for being high value。

 which is a concept of not qualifying yourself。 And this goes back to the idea that I talked about just very briefly at the start。

 which is sometimes it's not the thing that you do that's going to make you high value。

 it's the way that you do that thing qualifying yourself。

 basically means explaining yourself unnecessarily justifying yourself。

 making excuses for yourself those kinds of things。

So someone who's totally secure will typically deal in reality and then just get on with things。

 someone who has insecurities will often qualify themselves， explain themselves。

 try and talk away those insecurities。So let's say， for example。

 you get some negative feedback at work， your boss is like， hey， you did this and this and this。

The high value guy who has confidence in his relationship with his boss has confidence in his work。

 has confidence in the value he brings to the company will say， sorry， boss， my bad。

 will happen again。That's it in the， right。That's it Or sorry boss， we've， we've corrected。 Yeah。

 that was an error。 we've corrected it won't happen again， something like that。

The insecure person will be like will maybe start making excuses hey sorry， yeah。

 so what happened was like， you know， Rogers and saleses did this thing and then this other thing and then we were late and so this happened and this happened and they trying to explain all these ways it wasn't their fault。

What ends up happening is it makes them look weak， makes them look out of control。

 makes them look like they're making excuses， and it also comes off very needy。

 very approval seeking in the wrong sorts of ways So that's one example from work guys qualifying themselves to girls all the time by trying to talk about maybe a girl gives you shit about your shirt and you're like oh yeah no sorry does what I had clean or this or that or explaining yourself and it just looks really really bad or say for example you're gonna take a girl somewhere hey let's go over here could be fun and you're like hey let's go maybe we could go over here because like well I know it's not this but maybe it's that we start overexing。

 you just start looking really insecure and really really lame and in general。

 the person who is qualifying them more in an interaction is the person of lower value typically the person who is qualifying themselves less in the interaction is the person who is of higher value So one behavior that you can do。

 which it's funny because the idea of not qualifying yourself is something you will do naturally when you。

igh valueIf you feel like a high value person in a situation， you will qualify yourself less however。

 you can also work this backwards that feedback loop of action to behavior so action to behavior to result to inner game。

So if you just stop qualifying yourself， if you eliminate the habit of qualifying yourself。

 you will go a lot further in life and this is one like kind of there's a few superpowers I have in game like most most things in game if I do them you could repeat them and you could do the exact same thing but there are a couple superpowers I have one superpower I have is that I've dealt with so much social pressure that it doesn't really affect me like if I'm put in a tense situation I don't crack under the tension because I've probably dealt with100 situations more tense or had worse shit tests or whatever that's number one the second one is over years and years and years I've developed the habit of just not qualifying myself so in all those situations where your instinct is to justify yourself to prove yourself that kind of stuff that's not my instinct my instinct is the opposite my instinct is to like you know I've trained it out of myself so much that doesn't even occur to me and if it did start to occur to me it would feel like weird and it would feel like creepy and lame to qualify myself it would feel。

Out of character to do so。 And so one big thing you guys can do。

 we're gonna talk a lot today about actionable takeaways。

 not just like theory but how to actually put this into effect and what practices you can do exercise it's a very。

 very simple exercise， but it is the exercise of not qualifying yourself in life So the way I would suggest you practice this is to challenge yourself give yourself a time period and then just try to not qualify yourself for that time period So if most people qualify themselves constantly in social interaction。

 obviously if you're sitting well that should be fair。

 some people even qualify themselves to themselves I about to say if you're sitting in a room by yourself you're probably not going qualify yourself but even there you might So you could said an idea of I'm not gonna to qualify myself for the next hour I'm not going to excuse me justify myself for the next hour in general though this should be for social situation。

 So for example， if you have a workday where youre interacting with people or you have meetings or stuff like that try and remind yourself not to qualify yourself don't qualify yourself。

Now I want to be very careful with this in business and this is an area we're going to touch on which is applying the ideas of game to business。

 you can go very， very wrong in applying some of the ideas of game to business if you go in and your're super brash and cocky and arrogant and and don't like care about anybody else which by the way isn't even good game。

 but it's how some people interpret some of the lessons of game， if you do that in business。

 that's gonna back forth for you really， really fast and really。

 really badly so I don't recommend that and this idea of not qualifying yourself it doesn't mean don't admit if you're wrong if you are wrong。

 admit that you're wrong right what it means is just acknowledge that this is the situation acknowledge that you're doing the best you can in the situation where the next steps will be made and don't make excuses for the situation right so not qualifying yourself does not mean not admitting blame I'm not telling you that you're always right and you can't admit blame I'm also not telling you that you have to like hold a firm frame against reality when the reality clearly says you you know says one thing you have to like hold your frame in the face of that。

All I'm saying is accept reality， accept that what is in the past is in the past。

 what has happened has happened and you don't need to explain it away。

 you just need to deal with it in the moment and move on with it the best that can be done so that's what the idea of not qualify yourself is might give you that that as a challenge right try and not qualify yourself for an hour while interacting with people and then if that you know gets easy for you。

 then you can come back to don't qualify yourself for you know two hours， five hours。

 half a day a day and eventually you'll get to the point where you virtually don't qualify yourself in life right we virtually don't qualify yourself。

Okay， so do be careful about overusing this， do be careful。

 this does not give you permission to just be like a frame control junkie and it does not mean to be like you know oblivious to others or anything like that。

 but it means you don't make excuses for yourself if you acknowledge the reality。

 you acknowledge when you've messed up those kind of things， but you just don't don't qualify。

so that's a very good lesson Okay， next idea that's useful in game and also useful in social interactions is the idea of making other people qualify themselves to you。

😊，And there are a few ways to do this。 It goes from the very obvious to the very nonobvious the most obvious way to get someone to qualify is the flat out ask So the idea of this in a dating situation would be something like asking a girl the typical old school question of like。

 you know your cute beauties comment what do you have going for you beside your looks and make someone get to know you right That's flat out please qualify to me And if the girl likes you enough。

 and if the girl's bought in enough， she may do that and that if it works will work very well because she's very strongly in your frame problem is。

It's very easy to reject， and it very much feels like game。 It feels like heavy frame control。

 And nobody likes to be frame control。 So if if it's， if you do that too early。

 you can really mess things up。 If you say to a girl， you know。

 what have we got going for is beside your looks， etc cea。 et cetera。 And she goes， oh， nothing。

I'm boring。Where she goes， " I don't know you approached me， why don't you tell me？

Now you're in a bad situation。And so the problem is when you flat out ask someone to qualify and it's very obvious if it works。

 it works great， but it is very high risk and it will really derail things when it doesn't work。

 So there are some other ways to get someone to qualify。

 which are probably better sort of teasing them to get them to qualify is actually a bit better right。

 so challenging or teasing someone to qualify for example。

We talked about yesterday your value coming from your value so maybe you state a value and then you challenge someone on that very same value you just stated So。

 for example， you know， I'm really into you know fitness and self-improv。

 I feel like anyone who's just stagnant is just like''s very lame and boring actually what do you what do you you do go to the gym right something like that So you kind of put out your values and then you ask them about theirs right or you could even do it in a positive way that's still challenging like you look like you do go to the gym every once in a while yes。

 something like that。But you're challenging them， you're saying。

 here's the value and I'm challenging you to it。Another way that's even softer than that is to just put it out there and leave it to linger right you can be like。

 you know what I find that。Just for me， this is a personal preference。

 but people that have played sports have done something competitive in their life where they had to be tested or challenged just to be more interesting than people that just kind of floated along and didn't have to do that right I mean like yeah。

 I just find that people have been challenged or are just more interesting in general。

And you just say that and just let it hang in the air for a second and a lot of times the girl will be like。

 oh yeah no， I played sports I did this in this and big well。

 I didn't play sports but I was on debate team and I think that's challenging and so all that can motivate someone to qualify and the nice thing is you didn't actually flat out ask so if they don't qualify there's no real loss of social value or no loss of social capital there。

Okay。One really。Well one really strong thing in terms of getting someone to qualify is talking about them right people will qualify when the conversation about them。

 they won't qualify when it's about like a third party topic or some random thing。 So if I say。

 you know I notice this interesting thing about you。

 you're automatically primed to be defensive or thinking about yourself or explaining yourself or these various things。

 if I say oh， it's know the weather is very warm today。

 nobody's going qualify to that because it's not about them， there's no there's no value。

 there's no threat。 it's not personal in any way。 So if you do want people to qualify to you。

 if you want people to start chasing you， making it about them is a really good shortcut at the very least making it relevant to them in some way。

Whi brings me to the technique that I'm going to employ here。

 which is the technique of what I call pointing out the gap and in this case gap means the gap between who someone is conveying that they are and who they actually are right。

Think of it this way， right， You know everything about yourself。 You know all your own insecurities。

 you know all your own worst qualities， you know all your own best qualities。

 But when you go into the world， you try and highlight those best qualities and you try and like hide those worst qualities So you're putting a presentation into the world of one thing when in fact。

 you know that you're another thing right， that's true for just about everybody And most people are trying in some way to be something or not。

 especially people who are。Aspirational or like a little confident or ostentatious。

 they're putting something out there that is， you know。

What they'd like to be rather than necessarily what they are right or something where maybe they're putting out a slightly more favorable impression of themselves if you can point out that gap。

 then you're going to do really well。So one example of this。

 which can I'll bring up kind of amog examples dealing with other guys in interaction。

 One example is if you call out the guy for doing game。

 so to speak nuance say you're doing game or whatever， But if you say wow。

 you're like you know that's very smooth。 like where whered you get that line from。

 something like that is you're putting him under a lot of pressure because he's trying to be this like cool social guy and it's just happening where you point out that like game is in progress now it puts him in a weird situation where he can be like I'm not doing game and justify himself and qualify himself or he can go along with you know oh yeah。

 no I'm really good at this and now he's qualifying himself So you put him in this interesting double bind。

😊，Another interesting one， it's not necessarily the most practical。

 but it's a good example for illustrating the concept。

Is if you saw someone wearing like like those Ferrari jackets or something like that， you but， oh。

 dude， nice， nice jacket， man， the car's outside， right？

And you're kind of like just joking with him teasing with him。

 but he has to like kind of acknowledge he has to handle that like no I don't have the car just the jacket right or he can try and be like oh no。

 I love the car home and just trying and to like be all like， you know。

 you know try and play it off or something like that when you know it's not true and edit it just comes off very。

 very fake So here what you're doing is youre pointing out the gap between。

Who they are like presenting to the world and who they actually are。And that's going to bring me to。

An interesting exercise that my staff on this call challenged me with so hopefully you guys enjoy this what they basically did as we were talking about you know things being actionable。

 we did the push poll exercises and things like that So basically what they did just actually like right before the call so I didn't have like any time to prepare they gave me some profiles of like famous celebrity girls and they ask kind of like know could you you know look at these and decide how you would how you would like maybe push pull or how you might tease or how you might approach these girls in the scenario etc so I'm gonna go through that with you guys right now some of the scenarios are interesting and I'll talk about them as opposed to just as opposed to just giving the answers。

 but let's go through it all right so here's the first profile they got from me but three different pictures。

 three different situations where you might be approaching the girl etc。Soum。Let's look at this。

 So from this idea of pointing out the gap， right。So if we were to point out the gap for this picture on the left in like the the chunky。

 like it's khaki boots or whatever。 So she's trying to look very like not try hard。

 but she clearly like put it together very intentionally。 So that that' that's a bit of it。

 And then if you were to walk up to a girl like in the in the moment doing this。

 And this is obviously odd because it is， you know it's on Instagram。

 but it looks very posed right And so something along the lines of the gap might be something along the lines of like trying to not look try hard or something like that or or being very posed。

U。Something like that， right， or the fact that like you you caught her when she was like wrapped up in like perceiving herself or something like that would be would be an interesting gap right So assuming she's like out at a nightclub sitting by herself like staring into the distance。

 I sorry hey sorry， you looked you looked like lost in lost in selfrelection。

 I thought you might want to come join the party with everybody else。

 something like that where you're pointing out this gap of how she's like kind of posed or being extra elegant but being like not really congruent to the thing that's going on at the event。

 that could be a potential gap or again， this idea that like she like like dressed up to dress down isn't interesting pointing out the gap kind of a thing。

 So those those are examples of different things you might maybe play on。

mThe second one a couple things that that will come up one is it's a， she's like it looks silly。

 right， it looks super silly。And this will happen a lot of times maybe when you're out where girl like does a silly pose for photo or does some silly thing with a girl with their girlfriend and。

If you can notice them in that moment and just look at them and just like like catch eye contact and roll your eyes or catch eye contact be like。

 wow， that was hilarious or did you really just do that， That's an amazing moment。

 If you can actually catch them in that that moment of siness。

 So she did this like weird pose thing and this the purple dress。 and then she。😊。

And that next moment you catch your eyes you'd be like wow。

 could you do that again that was that was adorable and ridiculous。 So that's good。

 a big thing with particularly hot girls is they're used to being called hot。

 they're used to guys acknowledging them as beautiful they're used to guys not being able to be themselves around them。

 but there's another way of looking at them， which is like kind of cute and silly。

 which is still positive it's not insulting because that' that's the way a lot of guys try and go with hot girls they go like flat out insulting and that doesn't work either especially insulting them on their appearance when they already know they're hot and they know it's bullshit。

But just treating them as though like cute and amusing and not taken very seriously can actually work very well there。

 The other one， just because of this attire， you could be like I love the dress。

 I see you really just chose to fit in I like to blend in tonight something like that could be kind of a teased there where it's clearly like she wants to be seen and she wants to be osentatious right So what she would like to have perceived as she's just this like you know pixie like elegant thing that's getting all this attention。

 Oh it's what me it just happened， but let's be honest when she dressed this way she was actively seeking attention。

 Now you wouldn't be like the insulting would be like you're actively seeking attention。

 that's lame that will not work because that's combative and aggressive and negative in those kind of things。

 But instead if you compliment her on it。 But then throw like a little irony just pointing out the。

Poting out the gap again that could work pretty well This last one's interesting。

 one thing that comes to mind that I wouldn't say it fits the format。

 but I wouldn't say it for cultural reasons is it does look like she's in high school and that would that would typically be like a good tease。

 The only problem with that is it has that association with her being underage or something like that。

 you'd want to avoid that comment for social reasons but it does fit the format of the right kind of teas the other teas that that's very good here that that would be a compliment but but like it's secure secure insecurity provoking compliment would be something like I like look I bet you'd look actually really go with like your natural hair color。

 something like that。 And so basically it is it is a compliment but you're sort of assessing or you're sort of like。

You're saying maybe you'd look， you didn't say you'd look better with your other hair color or like this looks lame。

 you should have done your other hair color， which are all insults and that would be going wrong。

 But if you're like， because it's clear like she has like the dark eyes， dark skin。

 it's clear that she's not a natural blonde。So one。

 the fact that she's not a natural blonde could be insecurity in and of itself like it it doesn't look right or doesn't whatever。

 But secondly， it's I bet you'd look good with， you know。

 I be you'd really good with your natural hair color。 something like that。

 And you're sort of also poking fun of the fact that she's putting on a facade。

 She's changed something about herself to look a certain way for the world。

 So those are the type of comments that you could potentially make in these kind of situations。

 And this one's actually decent because the first one looks like she could be like that out of a club。

 Second one can be some silly little thing she just did posing for a photo again out in public。

 There last1， I don't know。 It does look like a postpho。 So it's a weird approach situation。

 But again， there are a couple things about the look that you could use。

 Other thing I would do want to point out。😊，Is that commenting especially with the hotter girls on their appearance is probably not the best way to go if they do something behavioral like you know the girl in the middle picture that the purple looking silly that is a good behavioral thing the girl looking like lost in like lost in the clouds and not like not in reality at all is you know potentially something in the first picture something behavioral is better for example。

 if you could characterize this third look I don't really know an adjective for。

 but if you had an adjective to characterize it the adjective of the look would be better than commenting on her physical appearance。

So that's a general principle that you could use。 All right。

 this next election is a little bit more interesting and difficult。 And I'll explain why in a second。

 This is a second， you know， famous person that my my staff chose for me to like look at it and work with and that kind of stuff。

These are actually a bit more difficult and the reason has to do with situation。So this first one。

 the problem here is that just looking at it， if I were to see the situation， number one。

 there's three girls and they're all very hot。 So any of these girls if being approached could likely。

 you know， have some sort of like arrogance or some sort of like attitude about them and then also the way they're they're you know interacting。

 they're showing some feiciness and so there's a decent chance。

 if you had to like physically walk over to these girls over some kind of a distance。

You would be like kind of they'd see you coming and they'd be kind of like the rejection will be already like almost semi prepared but before you get there because there's no real non obvious way to do to do that approach and they're already they already seem primed to be in that kind of attitude of like where the hot shit etc cea。

 etc cetera so that can be kind of difficult again you want to look for situational opportunities。

So in this first first picture on the far left， the three girls flipping。

 well two row flipping off and one girl like licking her finger that flipped off。

 which is interesting， but the best approach here oftentimes if you were at some kind of distance might be actually not to technically approach them。

 but maybe just like flip them off back。Like they're flipping off the world doing this thing and then you catch eye with them and just like flip them off as well。

 And then if they react strongly to it， you can kind of like shake your head at them and roll your eyes or do a second gesture if they reacted to that then maybe you'd like act like kind of like oh God。

 I guess I guess I'll walk over since you're engaging with me and act like they opened you act like they engaged with you first So something like that could work if you did the flipoff thing and they didn't notice it。

 well nothing is lost you can still approach later if you did the flipoff thing and they noticed it but didn't react much you still engage with them on some level。

 you could go back to whatever conversation you're having hopefully already doing something yourself and as opposed to just standing around by yourself at the bar doing nothing and then you can always go approach them later and that approach later might be a little warmer or a little more more welcoming than it would have been in that moment。

But walking across if there was a large gap and there wasn't a clear reason to approach。

 it wouldn't be the optimal timing， you'd much'd much rather find a casual moment to approach these girls I if they were standing more near you or if you're walking past or something like that so it is somewhat of a difficult approach in that in that realm just because it's very obvious you're approaching if you had to go。

In the if you had to start the conversation in an obvious way。

 one thing you could do is just make it a not a particularly sexual conversation at first and just work socially and be the social fun guy and then bring the intentfulness later on so even potentially old school opinion opener could be good for this kind of a group situation where there's no kind of soft points in the group。

So those are different approaches that could work there as far as it goes， the second one。

 a situation where I absolutely would not approach I'll explain why how I would approach in general。

 but the reason I would not approach is this girl clearly has she's being photographed right she's clearly being photographed she clearly looks a certain way。

And you know， interrupting that would be extremely try hard， extremely not calibrated， etctera。

If you were to approach this girl at a different time。So she's clearly。Like blatantly。

 blatantly well dressed， like ridiculously accessorized。

 perfectly everything matches like her purse matches her dress in her top。

 I thought actually when I first I thought a purse match or top。

 which would be even more ridiculous But since it's address is a little less ridiculous。

 but it's still ridiculous。 Like what kind of girl has a perfectly matching plaid purse for like perfectly matching like top right so something along the lines of that pointing out that gap could be interesting pointing out the gap that it is a little over the top or a little try hard。

 So the other thing to think about is what kind of event this is。 So if a girl's addressed like this。

 she's probably dressed for an event。 So hopefully you belong at that event。

 hopefully you're dressed well at that event hopefully you fit in at that event and in that case。

 you might not even have to do a cold approach because you might be hopefully someone at that event as well or at least know someone or something like that。

 So you could also avoid cold approach in this kind of a situation。

 And a lot of times the issue with celebrity girls isn't even that they're harder approach is the problem of。

I the problem of like actually getting to a situation where you could approach them。

 But in terms of pointing out the gap a couple things you could do is you could say something about like I like that outfit。

 I just have to ask though you always get the matching matching purse for every shirt you own something like that in the idea of like I love the outfit but it is a little over the top you could say something this wouldn't be good open it might be good in in the thing have to say that the look is very elegant aknowledging it like by the way the neck warmer really sets it off and calling it a neck warmer as opposed to calling it like whatever could be you're kind of poking fun but overall you are complimenting because you don't want to girl is very very very well dressed if you insult the way she's dressed or act like she's making a fashion fo you're just wrong because she's not like a fucking amazing outfit and it's okay to it's okay to to season and whatnot but you don't want to be like flat out insulting you't want to be too far from reality the third one。

More interesting and third one's more of a situation where you might be typically approaching again。

 very well dressed， but it is a very unique kind of a look I saw someone put like steal the gloves fromJ the gloves are definitely something I would play on my thought with these with this one is more like she looks like she could assassinate you or something like that like she looks like an assassin or she looks like something like nefarious or untrustworthy or something like that but but very elegant and good and again youd give the compliment because she is very well dressed if you're like you're dressed like you're just flat out wrong so you want to be positive but then you just have that little bit of you're not taking her all that seriously in the positivity and in particular with the really hot girls you do not want to be saying you're so hot you do not want to be giving physical compliments that kind of stuff and one big thing with this whole premise of this exercise of what opener would you use for her or how would you open her It assumes that the opener is a huge part of the interaction and it is important because it helps with getting into the interaction but it's definitely not the。

Whole deal It's nothing like the whole deal。 your only goal on the opener is too open。

 You're not trying to like have this like opener that's so clever。 she's blown away by。 in fact。

 if your opener was too clever， it might appear too rehearsed or it might appear like you've been like trying to think about it for 10 minutes or something like that or you might like deliver it in a way that makes it seem rehesed as well So mainly we want to just go with your impressions in the moment it's okay to be largely just positive and friendly at first and you should trust yourself here's the big deal with this。

 you should trust yourself with a girl no matter how high value that sorry I'm raising some of the comments which are actually quite funny but you should trust that your value is such that if you just are in a conversation with a girl on a level playing field that you'll do fine from there so you don't have to knock it out of the park on your open and you don't want to be super try hard on your opener。

So I hope that helps a little bit in terms of some some ideas of push pull and basically this idea of finding the gap right。

 finding that that gap between who they're trying to be and and what they are so this girl， you know。

 and the last one she's she's very elegant， but it's also like a little over the top and ridiculous like who even owns a pair of gloves like that。

 for example。Okay。By the way， one comment actually because there are a lot of funny comments in the chat but ones that are actually flat out insulting like how many how many prostate exams did you do tonight。

 that kind of stuff， it's funny， it's really funny it would also be probably a really bad opener at least as your first opener if you would already have been talking for all and then you were joking around about the gloves and then you said that maybe but if you started off with something that's full on insulting at the start it probably wouldn't work very often would know it just be too like you tried to be negative Why did you go approach and then try and be negative whenever you're doing something that is negative it should be kind of subtle and it just happened as opposed to really put on and try hard。

All right， the thing that we did as a kind of a challenge for you guys is scenarios。

 there's gonna be a few of these I'm going gonna do a few scenarios now and then there's a few scenarios later on that I think are interesting situations and the question here is how do we take these ideas of being high value in game and apply them or not apply them because sometimes the game concept only certain aspects of it should be applied in certain aspects should be left to game you don't want to be flirting with our ne and your boss sometimes？

😊，But how can we apply these scenarios or apply these skills to different scenarios？

So let's look at these scenarios， I'm going to answer kind of briefly how I might handle these in a high value way。

 some of us might be very intuitive and obvious some of it may not be so obvious。

So negotiating a this is a very interesting scenario negotiating raise and the first thing I want to say here is that the difference between this and cold approach game there there are many but one major difference is that you have an established relationship okay so if you have an established relationship with a boss or with a company that's different than going up completely cold and starting everything from scratch So a lot of negotiating arrays should have been done well before you're actually negotiating the raise you will have put in you know your groundwork ahead of time and that's what's going to get you there so you can't do absolutely awful work and then have the boss disappointed with you and almost on the point of firing you and then you walk in and ne raise and you're such a great negotiator you get the raise right so the longer you are with a person the longer you're in a relationship with the person who whether to be business or personal or whatever the more that person's evaluation of you is going to be based on your actual performance rather than。

Soal triggersTo go back to the metaphor from yesterday。

 we talked about how in any situation you're just noticing certain elements of the situation Well。

 the longer you've known someone， the more you're gonna notice the situation as a whole you're going notice more and more elements to become familiar with more and more elements so the vision the impression you're gonna have with someone is going to be much more holistic So a lot of negotiating or raise is going to happen beforehand and you better have at least a generally positive assessments at the time you're going in there because if you're going in and the boss is already angry at you and already annoyed with you and try negotiate a raise that's not going to fly so that's number one is doing your groundwork ahead of time。

If I were to go in and negotiate a raise there are kind of better and worse ways to do it that hey。

 I think I need to be paid more is one way to go and if you've clearly done such an amazing job and you are almost like you know being paid exploitatively for the job you've been doing because maybe you got hired for one role and your role has expanded a lot or something like that the hey I need to be paid more could work but even in times when it would work。

 it's probably not going to maximize it's probably in a situation where you're definitely going to get the raise there probably is a more effective way to negotiate for a better raise or a raise that's more in terms and stuff like that。

And the key concept I'm going to kind of put out there and this is going to be useful for a lot of these scenarios I'm going to talk about is the concept of getting to know the other person's blueprints or getting to know what the other person finds of value first right so。

If you know， for example， that you've done really good work， you could go in and you could ask。

 you know， start off by asking how your work's been and you know if there's if there's other things that you know that you know that that you could do that kind of stuff any other ways you can help out that kind of stuff and then you can start tying that other help to your raise or maybe better yet because that's that's still a little little obvious and it actually runs the risk of getting you saddled with more responsibility without getting the raises itself so you want to be careful of that。

But what you might do is you might say listen I want to want to talk and see how I can know help out and do more。

 and I wanted to just talk to you and see you know as the know running this company what your biggest priorities are and what the things that you think know if we were to achieve them would make the most difference I just want to put my efforts where they matter the most and I want to do the most for the company and so you get to talking to talking to the boss about that talking to him about know what it is he wants。

 what it is he could what it is he would envision that would make the company better and you kind of。

In a sense， sell him on the vision。 Sell him on the idea of， you know， this。

These are the different things that that could work， etctera and say。

 okay cool yeah I'd love I'd love to help you out with that and then you talk about you know the extra the resources you'd need for that i。

e like yeah I'd obviously be putting in more hours so Id definitely need to get you know I'd need to be compensated for that but I definitely think you know this would do this this and this or maybe you know I'd be doing some more hours who might need someone else to have to take over some of my other responsibilities etc and you may be able to actually end up doing less work or something like that but the key idea。

Is that you are first finding out their priorities。

 First finding out what is of value to them because what's a value to them may be very different than what you think。

 And definitely， we're going talk about win win rather than win lose later on and a concept called nonze sumness。

 But if you come into your boss and you say， I want to raise。 I want you to pay me more money。

 You're setting up a zero sum scenario。 You're setting up a scenario where for every dollar you get its dollar he lost。

 That's a very bad way to arrive at the situation you want to have happen。 Instead。

 you want to set up a situation where he views giving you more as getting more for himself。

 He views it as a win win。 and that's a situation where you're going get a much bigger。

So what Tod's staff is now taking notes in the thing。

 So that's a situation we were gonna get like a much bigger overall potential raise。

 but the key idea though is find out what the other person wants first right don't go in cold and just start putting your agenda out there an idea that you want them to I talked about taking the other side yesterday taking the other side and kind of getting them to sell you you can even put up false objections or put up false obstacles for them to overcome like I'd love do that the problem is I'm working on this other project etc I might need you know。

😊，well maybe we can figure something I don't know and they'd be like oh no we could get you off that etctera so if there's a way to to get them on board get them participating that's good as well but the key idea and this is the one that's going to come up over and over and if you take one thing away from this is find out what the other person wants first right value is subjective find out what what is valuable to them。

Okay， next question how I'm assuming it's just a scenario friendsends party was how this was posed to me again these are like challenges that have just been thrown out to me based on the comments and feedback from yesterday so I guess the question is how to best navigate a friendss party right like so it's a social circle situation you're trying to be the high status guy or you're trying to meet a girl at the party or something along those lines like how would you go about doing it so that's the question here。

And again， I want to differentiate from a cold approach scenario because a lot of what you guys may have been taught from me and heard from me is in a cold approach scenario。

 and this situation with cold approach is a few kind of limitations and and proviss in a cold approach one。

 if you don't make an impression on someone you're never gonna to see them again That's not the case that at a friend's party2 is you're acting without consequence because if you mess up。

 you're not gonna to see them again that's not true at a friend's party either。

 So what you want to do in these situations， these more social situations is you want to be a little more indirect about what you want you want to be again offering value in general before you just straight go in and go after what you want So if you showed it up at a friend's party。

 you saw a hot girl there and you just went straight in and try to talk only to that hot girl and ignore everybody else at the party。

 including your friend who invited you for example。

 that would be a very poor strategy for a number of reasons。

 one you would be offending certain people at the party So you'd be like like be in affront to your friends and three。

 it would look。Ageed and very obvious and people would see exactly through what you're doing。

And they might even like talk to the girl about it or like be like or give give give shit to you in front of the girl or something like that that would actually derail you。

 especially if this girl is is hot and maybe in demand by some other guys and stuff like that。

So going super direct， probably not a good idea they're also using things like canned lines on various people that are the same line on different people。

 probably a really bad idea， things like creating a big scene in front of everybody。

 probably a bad idea what you would like to do in this party scenario typically assuming you're at a party is going to go for several hours that kind of stuff。

Would be your goal， it may or may not actually happen this way。

 but your goal should essentially be to be introduced to the people at that party。

 whether it be if it's a girl or a social connection or someone in business or whatever。

 but did we to be introduced to the person you want to meet on favorable terms now that may or may not happen you may have to actually end up approaching them anyway。

 but you should be making that your goal from the get go so you should start out maybe go talk to the host。

 go talk to the people invited you get to know the people that they're talking to get introduced just start building your social array。

 start building the social connections you have and start just having fun at the party and if you can do that in the vicinity of the person who you'd like to meet persons or people you'd like to meet so much the better right。

So if you， you know。If you're in the same room as them or if you can like if you have a friend who happens to be in the same circle as them and you can talk to that friends。

 you just want to find a way to be offering value to the party， bringing fun。

 being a positive influence and hopefully like if you are drawing essentially yourself drawing yourself in a positive way and then kind of just like。

😊，Orbiting the circles closer to where you eventually want to be， if at all possible。

If if you just can't do that， if you just don't have that bridge or that connection。

 well now you might be in a situation where it becomes a little bit more like a cold approach。

 but even then the fact that you're at a party， there still is a lot more in common。

 there's still a lot more realm for a casual conversation you don't have to do as much as quickly and you don't have to you know display nearly the kind of like premise or man's towo nature that you would in another situation because if you're friends with the same people and you become friends。

 there's a decent chance you can orchestrate a way to hang out again without it having to be so much pressure on that one interaction and then finally if things are going really well with someone at a friend's party again。

 whether it be a girl or someone you want to have a more close connection with or something like that。

In that case， what you'd like to do is isolate away from the party a little bit one way or another for a little bit of a one on one conversation or one on one time。

 so maybe like take a walk out in the backyard or go grab a drink together or something like that and now you have a one on one and certainly especially if you're going to attend the same parties with the same people over and over again you don't want to be blatantly escalating at the parties you'd like to like go somewhere else for that so you don't get a negative reputation for yourself。

But the key thing with like a friendss party is play it slow。

 enjoy the conversation in the vibe with the people you already know。 and sometimes by the way。

 at a friends' party， you don't have to be meeting new people。 you can like have an objective。

 You can just enjoy the party too that's completely fine。 And that's easy to do。

 The reason I talked about the idea of having an objective at the party having someone you want to meet because that's the difficult scenario。

 if you just want to enjoy the party， just go enjoy the party and that's completely fine。

 A lot of guys that like learn game or learn pick thinking that you can never do that and you absolutely can。

 And in fact， that builds for the future as well。 But then yeah don' don't be escalating very publicly。

 don't be being know that guy at the party okay。😊，Next one， similar idea， which is networking。

 So it's it's kind of a similar idea。 The question I would really ask there is。

Are you at like a networking event per se or are you just networking in general because if you're at a networking event。

 there's gonna to be a lot more expectation of people mingling if people are going to be like very receptive mingling and they're going to expect having shorter interactions and don't necessarily want you to monopolize their time unless there's a really good connection Whereas if you're just at a normal event networking it's gonna be a little bit similar to the friend's party thing where you just kind of try to like make those social connections and get into conversations。

 think of networking a little bit like doing game without premise or without like mandowo premise it's actually technically different premise but just be very conscious and be very aware of the scenario And the most important thing is to take action。

 especially if it's a situation or scenario like designed for networking In that case。

 the most important thing you can do is just do it， just talk to people don't be shy。

 just start conversations because most of the people are walking around wishing they could start a conversation with someone and feeling shy and lame and awkward themselves So you're probably helping them out just by even saying hi。

In that kind of a context。Okay， final one and this is a very different one。

 different scenario which is discussing an open relationship and I will say there is a great free resource for this。

 so I'm going to refer you to that first and then I'll give you just a couple notes。

 but the great free resource resource for this is if you go to YouTube video called the relationship manifesto there's a whole section there on discussing open relationship but the points I do want to make related to value for this presentation。

😊，Or that。When you're discussing the nature of relationship。

 whether it be an open relationship or any relationship， you have a choice of when to do it right。

 so you have a choice of trying to be， hey， are we what are we to each other， Are we boyfriend。

 Are we girlfriend from the very start。 Are you have the choice of just being a high value guy and just giving a good experience the other the person and leaving it largely undefined And typically。

 the more you can just be that high value guy and leave it undefined And then they eventually come to you because they're feeling closer to you。

 They want more from you， That means that you're going into that conversation under the best possible terms。

 You're going into that conversation with them liking you the absolute maximum。And because of that。

 you're going be much better off than if you had gone into that situation from less of a favorable terms and trying to be the one like。

 hey， can we be something to each other？ So that's my major thing here。 again。

 for the whole speech I give an open relationships and that kind of stuff。

 I't want to do it here because it take a while。 and it is available for free on YouTube。

 So check out the relationship manifesto speech for that。 But the big thing I want to mention here。

 that's more applicable generally， I that for any situation where you're defining a relationship or defining terms or having a negotiation。

The setup matters a lot who's coming to who， What is the。Fraaming of the conversation。

 all those kind of things matter， so pay some attention to that and make sure that you're starting the negotiation on your own terms Okay。

 cool。We're gonna go through。 I have a bunch of material that I want to go through or go through it。

 I want it's all very important， so I'm going to get through。

 but I'm to go through it kind of quickly because we do have so much to cover from here。

 So let's talk about the mentality of a high value man。

 How do high value men think differently than low value men。First one， and this is。

It is kind of like a thesis that came to me as I was thinking about all this different information about a week ago。

What is what is a high value guy， what is the core of a high value guy and this idea of self reliance really like struck me and stood out as as one of the foundational keys to being a high value guy being self reliance。

So there's different types of guys in the world， there's the guy who constantly is asking other people for help。

 the guy who's constantly like seems unsure of himself。

 the guy who constantly is checking other people's opinions， that kind of stuff。

 and then there's the guy who is his own he's self- sufficient， self reliant in and of himself。

And I think of this kind of like economies right so the idea is you have all these different people in an economy producing like what they have to live on and but then as soon as someone produces a surplus as soon as like the farmer produces more grain than he needs and the butcher or the rancher produces more meat than he needs now now you can trade and now you have an economy now you have like sharing now you have you know resource pooling and all these things that make everybody's life better but it's important the first step in being rich in this case because you're talking economics is building a personal surplus so you have something to share if you're so busy just trying to like ask and beg and plead from everybody else and scunge up enough for yourself you're not gonna have a lot of value to share not a lot of resources to offer but once yourself rely you know have a platform from which to offer。

So that I think is hopefully you can I mean nobodys really self-reliant in this world today like you take something as simple as like a pencil。

 you could not make your own pencil like it would be you have like farming the graphite and cutting down the wood putting then getting the rubber for an eraser you could not make your own pencil so you're not actually a self-reliant in this world today。

 but the more that you can be as internally reliant as possible and the more you can be as capable and competent in the world and the more that you can put forward at least that image that you are a self-reliant and you've got it handled and that you aren't constantly needing from other people to to someone else that you're dealing with the better off you are going to be okay。

So the first thing is be self reliant rather than dependent， if you are someone who is dependent。

 then you are going to have your problems。Okay， next thing when we talk about winning most important thing is to decide to win right people who have made the decision to win at something or the decision to achieve something will do it much more frequently than those who haven't now that sounds really obvious almost like so obvious that it's like b du Tod。

 why did you tell me that but what I mean by that is you have to decide to win。

Even if it means sacrificing and two， you have to decide to win。

 even if it's not necessarily popular in the moment。

 or even if it means like winning ugly or coming up with an alternate solution to win or something like that。

 okay？by the way， will I will couch a lot of these things by saying that the way that I've been personally successful in life。

Has a lot to do with sportsing games right， They've been a huge metaphor for me， playing soccer。

 playing chess， playing pool， playing poker and the game， as in meeting girls。

 have been huge learning lessons for me。 So I take a lot of lessons from there。

 So I'm apologizing in advance for the fact that。😊。

That that I'm going to use a lot of sports metaphors and sports analogies and stuff like that。

 but winning deciding to win even if you're winning ugly is very very。

 very important and I'll give you an example from the game of pool or pocket billiards。

 specifically eight ball。Which is by the way， a game that every beginner plays when they learn to play pool and it's not a game design for beginners because it's very counterintuitive and almost bad for you as a beginner if you're learning to play pool。

 but anyway， eight ball， interesting， ironic thing about the game of  eight ball。

 If you watch two people play almost anywhere in the world。

 most of them who are bad at pool what they do is they step up to the table and they start shooting in the easiest balls。

 they start shooting in the balls that are sitting to the pockets。

 the balls that are you know that are most available to them， etc ce。

 the actual strategy to win is the opposite good eight ball player typically doesn't start knocking balls in the pockets until he can knock all of them in the pockets So he doesn't start running until he can run out。

What you should be doing is playing strategically clearing up any problems you have getting your balls near the pocket blocking your opponents balls if you're not a very good player that can't run out in that in that first round and so most people will never do that though most people will never do that because it's embarrassing and it's like embarrassing to play defensive pool or's like it doesn't look as cool as to step up to the table and make that first impression of like making a bunch of balls and this is why actually historically I'm a decent pool player like a pretty decent one but not amazing but I've consistently won almost everywhere I've played except against really really good pool players and the reason is that I'm willing to play ugly I'm willing to play strategically as opposed to just stepping up and doing what is like the acceptable first thing so that' that's an example of being willing to understand the game and do what is necessary for the game as opposed to what looks good or what gets you that initial impression example might be like going to the gym if you're going to the gym to really like have gains or you going to the gym to like look good for the。

G goers like are you doing the machines that make you like you know look good and like you pose in your nice gym clothes or are you doing the machines that are going to get you or the machines are even the freeways usually that are going to get you the most success right so really you know focus on the long term and what you're actually trying to accomplish as opposed to you know looking good in the moment or like having this like little personal narrative about how you're doing it right part of deciding to win is saying I want to win even if it's hard I want to win even if it is ugly。

Next idea is grow up， grow up okay， now I say this for a couple reasons。

 one for anybody under the age of probably 25 to a certain extent。

 you probably still think of yourself as a kid and even I know a lot of guys in their 30s and 40s who still fundamentally kind of think of themselves as kids。

Right， so we grow up with this idea well， this grow up we as we as we age through our youth we have this idea that there's these people called grown-ups out there that know more than us and that are going to help us and that that that will solve our problems if if we kind of run into an issue or whatever and then at a certain point。

 you're going to become a grown up and you're going to realize。

The people you thought of as grown-ups are just as dumb as you if not dumber and they don't know any more than you do and you have to again take on that idea of being self-reliant。

 you have to take on that idea of looking up for yourself and this is true even to levels of like we think the government will take care of us or we think like the police will take care of us or that kind of stuff and to an extent they will in a way。

 as in they'll they'll deter people or they'll punish people afterwards or things like that。

 but in the moment in life， you need to take care of yourself。

 you need to act as though you are the grown-up in the situation。

 you are the one in charge in the situation。Because if you're not。

 you're going to be at effect rather than at cause and also when you are the one in charge of the situation when you are the one taking taking charge。

 people are going to gravitate towards you because fundamentally a lot of people don't want to grow up growing up is harder so a lot of people would rather be the kid in the situation and in particular a lot of girls would rather be the child in the situation and have a mentor have guidance have that sort of thing it's not an accident that a lot of women tend to gravit gravitate emotionally towards people that have similar qualities to what their father had because that is their paradigm for what a grownup is so。

Take it upon yourself that you are a grownup and not only are you a grown up as in like in the legal sense。

 but in the situations， you are the grownup in the situation。

 get disabuse yourself with the idea of relying on other people for things。

 disabuse yourself of the idea that someone else is going to take care of yours in charge fundamentally instead of yourself。

Get rid of your excuses。嗯。Yeah， this one I don't want to talk about too much because we talked about this already yesterday。

 the whole inner loser exercise was actually designed around this， but get rid of your excuses。

 don't give yourself your excuses。 The one thing I will say here is that excuses feel really good having excuses feels really good and oftentimes instead of winning we choose what feels good I'd like you to do mentally is get to the point that like when you make an excuse it feels bad it feels weak or it feels lame to actually make an excuse and still feeling good to make an excuse and don't think about like a lot of people like go through life trying to like think about instead of how do I win or how do I succeed。

 how will I cover my ass if I fail， what are my excuses that kind of stuff get rid of those mentalities those mentalities are the things that are don' hold you back the mentalities they're gonna keep you from succeeding overall beyond that。

 I'm not gonna go too much more in depth because it was already the subject of something we did yesterday。

Um。Quickly I'll go through some lessons from various coaches。

 various really good coaches I had over over my over the years of like how to win right how to win。

 how to succeed at life so the first coach I had like as a soccerer coach in high school coached really good teams and his big thing was like accountability and at execution sort of like punishment in a way and he had teams that played really well almost because you were like afraid to not play well for him he was a very intimidating figure。

I remember once somebody did something wrong in practice and he looked at him and he said the guy's name was Nick Nick。

 I want you to start running and I want you to keep running until I tell you you can stop。

And when I tell you can stop running， I want you to look at me and be like no coach。

 I don't think I've run enough and I want you to run some more And that tells you a little bit about that guys。

 you know the guys coaching mentality and coaching philosophy and what he did though。

 because almost out of intimidation but because he expected certain things if you had a job on his team。

 you knew your job， you knew your role and you were accountable to it you would perform that role because you were scared not to now I don't want you to act out of fear。

 but one of the major lesson here is be accountable。

 be accountable know the things you responsible before and make sure that you do your stuff。

 make sure you do your job whether it be in a relationship in an organization first and foremost do your job and then if you can go do half of a job of someone else and contribute more but first and foremost be unimpeachable in doing your job and if you do that you already have a very solid foundation for success and you can go a long way just from that your job is clearly defined or if you're managing a team that the jobs are clearly defined and people are。

ableThat is one of the biggest things that is lacking in many organizations and for many people。

In particular， attractive women because they can get away with it。

 oftentimes arere very unaccountable， but people tend to respect people who are accountable。

The next coach I had in high school for soccer had a very different approach。

 but also really good and his view， so my first coach actually coached teams that did well in state in one state championships。

 the second coach had actually in the past coach teams that were like nationally ranked and so he had sort of a vision in his head of how he wanted the team to play。

And he didn't care how， I mean， he cared a little bit。

 but he mostly didn't care how good the players were。

 he asked of the players that they play the way top players would and so it created some problems and some mistakes and we lost certain games that we shouldn't have and stuff like that。

 but what it did create was it created aspiration for players to live up to that that to strive and live up to that ability and it increased our peak performance。

 it increased our maximum possible output。So with the first coach。

 what we were doing was getting the most out of ourselves with the second coach。

 what we were doing was increasing the maximum we could get from ourselves so we're increasing our maximum potential level and I think the right way to approach it is a little bit of both It's a little bit of both is one make sure you're getting the most out of your current ability and make sure you perform make sure you're accountable to performance On the other hand。

 you want to strive and it's okay to make mistakes with the first coach you would have been afraid to make mistakes with the second coach。

 it's okay to make mistakes as long as you made them in the right way for the right reason and for the right eventual end goal and you'd be especially very okay if you like lost some regular season games by trying things out and learn from the experience that's completely fine the most important goal is not winning it's growing because if you grow you're gonna win eventually And that's how you go from like winning like focusing on winning an accountability and execution gets you to winning focusing on growing can get you to greatness So that's。

That next level and that next tier。All right， next lesson from coaches。Okay。

 next lesson from coaches actually came from my father who is my first coach and this is more a this is more for getting the most out of other people and getting the most within an organization。

 but it also does go to getting the most out of yourself。

But what what my dad did he coached a lot of youth teams。

 a lot of high school teams and that kind of stuff and he got state championship teams in a lot of different areas。

 a lot of different sports， even when he wasn't the most well versed in the sport because he had just good methodologies for coaching。

And one thing he did was he would always set up he would set up competitive games。

 He would coach us through competition， but he'd set up competitive games that were evenly balanced。

 and he would basically restrict or or enhance different people's abilities in order to make it balance。

 So for example， when he taught me to play chess。 he first would would play me and he'd have just like the king and his pawns against my pieces and he'd make me play that way。

 so that even though I was a terrible player， it was a good even game。

 I had a chance of winning I had a chance of losing And then as I got better， he'd add a piece。

 at a piece at a piece until we were playing with a full board。

 or when I used to play when I used to play soccer。

 I would train with a bunch of different levels of teams。

 I played some teams that were older than me and I had to struggle I played sometimes players that were younger than me and I was almost like an assistant coach on the team。

 But when I would play in those situations when I'd scrimage。

 my dad would make me play with like my left foot only or one touch only or something like that。

 And so that one， it's a fair competition， everybody feels motivated and challenge。

 we talked about flow， and talked about state。 So everybody feels like they're in flow I would feel like they feels like。

Have a chance to win， but then also you're working on a specific thing。

 you're working towards growth， but you're also doing competition at the same time and so that's a nice balance in a training session of the two of them right so you want to set up your training。

 set up your challenges so that you have that competitive fire that being accountable and really having that will to win。

 but at the same time you're focusing on growth because if all you focus on is winning you will sometimes stagnant。

 you'll be afraid to take risks。Okay， and then the fourth one， Oh， sorry， this is， sorry。

 this is my own。My own coaching lesson for me， I've I've self taughtaught in a lot of areas and my number one key and this is very obvious。

 and it's something I think you guys already understand because you watch my videos and I think that's what draws you to them。

 but you want to find an edge somewhere somehow in everything I do I never want to be in a situation where I am competing on who works the hardest。

 I don't want to be in a situation where like I'm doing the exact same exercises。

 the exact same drills as everybody else and or'm if I was running。

 I'm running the exact same workouts as everybody else， I want to find an edge。

 I want to find an advantage because。There's a limit to how you hard you can work。

 There's a limit to how much natural talent you have。 but if you truly find an advantage and edge。

 that's where we're gonna do the best。 So this is why I'm very meticulous about finding mentors。

 I'm very meticulous about finding good good resources， good literature。

 there's also some like sort of metacoaching things that are really。

 really good I'll mention one thing for anybody if you' this is just one example of finding an edge but this is a personal edge that I've used in various areas that's very useful there's a thing called Anke it's called A K。

 I mean what it basically is it's a flashcard program。

 But what it does is it gives you it will give you the things you're trying to memorize or learn at space interval。

 So every time you get it right， it won't show you that thing again for a longer period time every time you get it wrong it'll show it to you again sooner。

 So basically it's a way of studying or learning something where you're constantly learning your memory's optimal capacity So you're not overstudying the things you already know but you're not understudying the things that are difficult and it automatically like does you're studying for you。

 And when I've applied this to learning things like freeze。

when I was studying for finance a lot of people study for like six months or a year or whatever to get like a license like a series 7。

 series65， whatever I I studied for and passed my series 65 in like a week and a half which is like unheard of and the way I did that basically I didn't even bother with actually reading the books or any of that kind of stuff what I did is I actually just started with the test questions I put them all in Anke and I just went through them and then anything I got through my own logic in figuring it out。

 I didn't even worry about studying anything that I couldn't get then I would learn the answers and if I didn't understand the answer when I was doing it then I would go learn that stuff out of the book or then I would go research that topic so I was able to cut through tons and tons of the fluff focus on exactly what they wanted me to learn for the test and I was able to learn s memorizing the absolutely optimal way。

Right so really， really useful tool and that's first of all。

 use that tool if there's an applicable reason for it if you're in school。

 if you're in like something we have to memorize by all means do it， but even beyond that。

 just find an edge， be seeking these different ways that you can have an advantage。

 whether that be through better coaching， whether it be through better methodology， etctera。

 constantly be seeking those edges and then apply them right just seeking them and like finding them in the world isn't enough but go apply those edges。

And then finally talk about culture of success， so perhaps the best coach I ever had at least in terms of like getting results and whatnot was I had a my college soccer coach who actually had teams that won national championships and whatnot。

The thing that he did the absolute best and this is his phrase， it should be demanded， not commanded。

 the thing he did is he got on any given soccer team that had been on any given athletic team。

 there were always players who showed up to practice early and worked harder and stayed later and went to the gym and did extra work。

This coach， what he did is he somehow got his entire team to become those people。

 He got his entire team to be the people that showed up early， the people that stayed late， et ce。

 what he did is he created a culture of excellence。

 he created a culture where it was considered cool to do extra work and it would would considered lame and frowned upon it and it would be almost shamed if you didn't And so he created that culture around what he was doing and he basically treated being on the team as something special and he treated us。

 even though we're in college and had of things he treated us as professional athletes and as privileged to be part of this thing and that that became an identity and became a reason that every single person on that team stepped up like every single person would be at practice half an hour early。

 every single player be training on weekend， people would be running on their own be in the gym etc。

 so he found a way to get the most out of us in an intrinsic way through the extrins of wanting to be a part of this team and wouldn to be a part of this other thing so if you are in a situation where we have leadership or you are creating。

Groups and teams if you can create those kind of cultures create the idea that it's demanded by basically the idea is you're demand it's demanded that you work this hard to stay on the team and be part of this team because everybody else is doing it but it's not commanded I'm not telling you to do it I'm not bossing you or forcing you to do it I'm not making it a chore I'm making it an opportunity for you to excel since that mentality was absolutely beautiful to me and absolutely got some of the the best results I've ever seen from from teams。

All right。And we talked yesterday about internal versus external attribution for high value and low value guys。

 I'll draw this out。Any on。😊，哎呀。I think we're back， sorry about that， I left the room by accidents。

 but I'll draw this out for you guys。Sorry， I actually hit the back button on my browser in doing this。

 but I will draw this picture for you guys， so this is high value。Low value。😔，Good thing。

Bad thing and how that they're attributing it to themselves right So the high value person will attribute the positive to themselves。

 the low value person attributes the negative to themselves and vice versa。

 so we talked about this yesterday。 But again， a quick reminder of that idea， right。

 that you want to attribute your successes to your own work。

 attribute your failures to random chance， it's gonna to be better for your state is going to be better for winter effect and all those different things。

 However， in general。That's for after， that's for afterwards after you have something。

 you want to attribute it that way， right， you want to attribute positive or negative。

 but during the event。You should have it in your mind that you are absolutely inroll of it。

 So when for example， when playing a sport， you don't want to be focused on the referee's decisions and are you being treated fairly or this or that or the other are treated or focused on the audience。

 the crowd or whatever you want to be you want to have the mentality that if you play your game you can win period That's it So you have an internal locus of control when you're looking at your career and your your business and that kind of stuff。

 you don't want to focus on is the economy good or is my boss being nice to me or this or that you want to focus on what can I specifically do because the only person that you can control is you。

Is there no sound？Hang on。In the chat， just to see if everybody can hear。

 a couple of people said no sound， let me see if that's actually an issue。U。All right。

 well hopefully I've only heard no sound from two people so hopefully everybody else can hear me if not。

 I guess we'll recap and see。 but yeah， you want to be taking the position that you're in charge because anything else is pointless it's that nihilistic approach sorry that you have no control over things。

 even if it were true it would be useless to you and information is only useful if it can be applied。

All right， okay。Co of philosophies that are very， very important for life。

If you are in conflict with reality， you are going to have massive problems dealing with people。

 massive problems with success， massive excuses， et ceter。

 So the first part of living in reality is something I call not shooting on yourself。 And by the way。

 this is a phrase， Tony Robbins uses this phrase as well。

 but uses it for something actually different。 So it's a different concept。 But I liked his phrase。

 So I took his phrase。 But in this case， what I mean is using the word should。 Okay。

 the word should is probably the single。Worst way to deal with reality。

 because it's essentially negating reality。 Every time you say this should be happening。

 what you're saying is reality is this way and I oppose it Every time you say this shouldn't be happening。

 you're saying reality is this way and I oppose it and being in opposition to reality。

Is not going to work。 It's not a functional way to exist in the world。Okay， cool。

 Just making sure we're good on audio。 Okay， cool。 And so anytime you're finding yourself saying the word should。

 what you're doing is you're actually just creating stress for no reason。

 You're creating stress because you're saying reality is this way。 and I'm in opposition。

 So the exercise I want to have you guys do is this。😊，Every single time you use the word should。

I want you to reverse it。 So if you're saying like I should have a better job。

 what I want you to do is as soon as you catch yourself I said the word should right。

 I want you to say。嗯。Did you guys， Are you guys okay cool， You guys got it okay cool， cool cool。

Got it， sorry， I know you guys lost sound for a second there， but it's okay。

So every single time you say the word should， you should actually reverse it。

 So instead of saying I should have a better job be like in reality。

 I shouldn't have a better job because I didn't do my education or because I show up to work late every day or because I haven't put together my resume and gone and applied for a better job etc。

 So instead of having this idea that the world owes you something or that it should be a certain way instead get to reality which is in reality。

 it shouldn't and then start focusing on changing that reality So just what I want you guys to be aware of is every single time you were you use the word should be like。

😡，I probably am wrong， right， I probably shouldn't， because the reality， at least on average。

 is the way it should be。 Now， there are some people that have been very unlucky。

 but even if that's the case， right， that I shouldn't have gotten in a car accident， Actually。

 I should have statistically because in the United States。

 X amount of people every single year are going to。 And that was just my statistical thing。

 On the other hand， I also shouldn't have been born because， you know， there were。

 theres a one in a trillion chance of that happening。

 So I'm very lucky to have been born and I was unlucky to get in the car accident。

 And all the world is based on statistics。 And now we have to get on with reality。 right。

 find a way to accept reality and be okay with it。 And then move on and find solutions。

 But focusing on this should is a bad idea。 So this is。

An exercise you can do so I gave you guys the exercise of not qualifying yourself and challenging you to do that for a period of time。

 Another exercise I'm going to challenge you guys to go do maybe separate from the don't qualify yourself is to work on not shooting。

 right， not shooting on yourself。Okay， so that's the next exercise and definitely one to take the heart。

Next one is the idea of living in reality And for this， I'm mainly going reference a book too。

 it's actually a really good book as power of now a lot of you may have already read it It's Ehar So。

 by the way， as far as book recommendations go， I highly。

 highly recommend that book and highly highly don't recommend to second book the new earth I know maybe you as will shit on me or say that's an amazing book to or whatever but as far as I'm recommending books power of now is amazing change like life-chan amazing the idea that now exists。

 the past doesn't exist， the future doesn't exist and the more that you're focused on what actually does exist meaning now the better off you're gonna do and then a lot of other you derivations on that in different things。

 absolutely a life-changing concept and absolutely something most people don't do So I'm just gonna focus in on that and the exercise and you can go read that book if you want to。

 but the exercise I'm going give you for that is to again make it a challenge for yourself to stay present and this one's very hard it's very hard to keep your mind from wandering to the past to the future etc but make it a challenge try and stay present for you can do well meditating try and stay present for。

Minute，5 minutes， etc。 And then the real challenge I think and then the one that's more useful is to try and stay present as you go through life。

 And big thing is if you catch yourself not being present。

 if you catch yourself like daydreaming just catch yourself I was daydreaming there don't be like oh idiot asshole your daydreaming again what a loser。

 Why can't you focus in the presents that's contrary to what we're trying to do here You want to be positive with yourself you just want to remind yourself and start developing the habit of being in the present moment as much as you possibly can and that's gonna just be tremendously powerful to you in terms of getting things done being productive and it also is gonna make you a lot more charismatic。

 The reason why a lot of people aren't charismatic socially or aren't charismatic in conversation is because they're busy worrying about the thing they said five minutes ago where the thing they're gonna say five minutes from now and they're not paying attention to what's going on And ironically the best things you're going come up with to say are going be the responses to what the person you're talking to is saying in that exact moment So rather than thinking about what's to say or thinking about what you did say Just pay attention and focus and then let what you're gonna say come naturally from。

Presence in that moment。Okay， so I just do want to emphasize that I'm not going to go too deep into because it's a simple concept。

 but it is an absolutely valuable and important one for your inner game。Okay。

 next thing about winning about winning or succeeding in life， knowing the rules。

 the rules absolutely matter okay and the rules can be absolutely critical so let's say you build an entire let's say you build a business and you work your ass off on it。

 you do everything you can you put your heart and soul into it and then you find out down the road that you didn't set up the structure properly and the whole thing can be stolen out from under you or you didn't set up the structure properly。

 you didn't do something with like all the proper licensing and then you end up in legal trouble right knowing the rules matters tremendously know the rules of the game you're playing I'll give you two extreme examples of this that from my own life and things that I've seen come up that were just like like heartbreaking。

SoThe first one was when I was a chess player as a kid。

 there's a couple special moves in chess there's one calledCastling。

 which most people know it comes up in a lot of games。 There's one called on Piissant。

 which fewer people know。 And as kids like in kids tournament。

 sometimes he would run up against a kid never seen this rule。

 And so I was playing in the state chess championship against a kid who was actually a pretty decentess player overall as a pretty even game。

 I was like maybe barely ahead or something like that。

 And then he made a move and I captured his paw with this on piissant move and he thought it was cheating and he started like crying and screaming and because he'd never seen this move before and ended up losing the game because because it changed the tactics on the board And so this kid poor kid I really do genuinely feel sorry for he played and trained and worked his butt off and was probably like the best player in his chess club and all this different stuff。

 and he just didn't know this one little dumb move and not his fault a coach's fault。

 he didn't know it probably because how was he to know And he lost the biggest tournament of his life to that point based on some stupid technicality。

 Like the poor kid but had he just known this rule。 And it's such a simple。

Right he put in all this effort and then it all came apart because of one dumb little thing maybe another one this is kind of like a very just。

 it's kind of a funny example， but kind of like a fucked up example too。

 a situation where as as in a poker game for a pretty decent amount of money like thousands of dollars on the table。

And。I a situation where it's on the river。 all the cards have been been dealt and the last bets in and the guy who had made the bet is sitting there with the best possible hand。

 He knows absolutely he can't lose。 He has the best hand。

 And the other guy is about to throw his hand away。 So this guy wants to get paid off。

 He wants to get extra money So he goes， you know what。

 I'll show you one card because he knows the guys gonna throw his hand away anyway。

 He can't get any extra money as is。 So he shows one card to try and entice the guy to show like make it look like he has a weaker hand or something like that to try and confuse the guy or get a call。

 And then what happened is he didn't know there was actually a rule in that casino that if a card is exposed the hand is dead。

 And so what happened is he's sitting there with the best hand。

 he was trying to get that squeeze that one extra bet out。 And he turned over his card。

 And what happened is the other guy called the floor man over and said that guy's hand is dead。

 And then he won the pot。 So the guy had the best hand by trying to get a little bit cute without knowing the rules。

 he end up losing thousands of dollars。So it's very， very important， know the rules。

 you can do all this great strategic work， you can do all these great you know things。

 but if you don't know the rules you're gonna screw yourself over and there's the same thing like social rules for example。

 like if you're going to go to nightclub knowing the dress code if you're going to be dealing socially with a particular like type of people know their customs these things make a huge difference and they're so easy。

 they're easy groundwork to do。 So anything you want to be good at anything you want to work at。

 know the rules if you want to like an example of knowing the rules for getting in shape would be knowing what the basic exercises are knowing how to do them so you don't get a major injury instead of going in and getting the best workout plan and working your ass off and just doing that actually get good form on your exercises know the rules for not getting injured and then don't get injuries and that's gonna make a tremendous impact in your results So know the rules know the key fundamentals of what you are doing It's just everything comes apart if you don't。

And then the other thing relentlessly acquire knowledge and skill。

 that's the other key to winning the key to success。

 which again I don't have to I'm reminding you guys but I don't think I have to tell you guys because you are here right so that that's maybe over the top right there cool。

Okay， mentality wise， another thing I want to get across to you guys and this may be kind of towards the the end of what I want to do for this session we'll probably after this take a quick break and then we'll come back for next session on the next session I have a special treat for you guys I have actually one one of my coaches is going talk briefly because funny thing like I've been you know。

Theoretically like in game of high value for a really， really long time。

 but I'm gonna to have one of my coaches talk to you guys a little bit about his journey from being not as quite as successful in game and not quite as successful at life to becoming more of a high value guy overall。

 So he's going to briefly talk to you guys at the start of and hopefully that'll be something that's pretty relatable and pretty useful to you guys as well。

 So we're gonna come back with that in a minute。 Last little tip I want to make for you guys before going on break though is this idea of thinking in bets and what this really is it's two things。

 one it is whenever you have a difficult situation。

 thinking about the probabilities because people will usually make an emotional decision like they think of one outcome is really bad or really like they can't contemplate it or it seems emotionally disturbing instead of thinking about here are the odds of this and here's the percentage of this and here's the odds of this and here's the percentage of this and acting rationally。

 And most times acting rationally is gonna be your best situation。😊。

So and this is something I won't go into too much details because I't wantan to do a lengthy poker metaphor。

 but generally the reason that I found why most people don't get good at poker is they learn poker emotionally。

 they learn poker by whether playing the hand felt good to them or felt bad to them as opposed to by going and thinking about it afterwards and f out if they actually made the maximum amount of money on that hand or save the maximum amount of money on the hand instead when they win a hand they usually don't think about it further because it felt good and they're losing all kinds of bets on the hand that they want and when they lose a hand。

 oftentimes they're happy to have gotten out of it losing less when or not losing as much or something like that when in fact they misplayed the hand and they actually should have lost more with optimal play in that one hand that would have made them more in 100 other hands。

So anyway， that's that's an idea but just this idea that you're thinking statistically and whenever you have difficult decisions。

 a good place to go is try and like assess the odds。

 assess the payout and try and make it as rational as possible because on difficult decisions we do tend to get very。

 very emotional All right so that's gonna be it for this particular session we do come back for the next session again we're going start off with my coach James talking to you guys for a little bit about his journey and then we'll get into I think some some breakdowns and then we're gonna get into a few more concepts and then setting up a personal goal for you guys that you guys can start working towards as we go forward over the next few months and we'll be working with you to help you achieve those high value goals so with that said we're gonna take a little break we're gonna come back at believe we're scheduled for 430 Eastern to come back which is in 51 minutes from now or 50 minutes in a second so we'll take a break till then and we'll come back at 430 Eastern time look forward to seeing you guys then thanks again take care。

