# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：04.如何传达高价值：3.谁更酷_3 Who’s Cooler【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

We're going to play another game。This game is calledho's cooler。I'm going to give you a description。

 I'm actually going give you two descriptions， you have to pick which guy you think is cooler。

All right， so here we go。Person one， the first person。The first， it sounds like a game show。

 actually， isn't be like doing game show。 The first contestant is， okay。

 the first is a 34 year old entrepreneur with a brilliant idea that's starting to revolutionize the world。

 His company has fairly recently gone public and the potential growth is huge。

 He's taken a traditional industry online and blown the competition away。😊，That's the first guy。

Is he cool， Is he charismatic。 What's your impression of him， et cetera。 That's guy number one。

Here's guy number two。The second guy is the 53 year old CEO of a large established Fortune 500 company who has held the same position and title for 22 years。

All right， so you have the first guy， second guy for who's cooler， who's more charismatic。

 who's more exciting。 And in a second， I'm going to reveal to you guys who these two people are okay。

😊，Those are the descriptions， which one do you think？And the two people here are。

Jeff Bezos and Jeff Bezos。Young entrepreneur， established CEO。

And I think this is interesting in a number of ways， One because it violates the stereotypes。

 right the like young up and coming， you think that of that is more ambitious， more charismatic。

 more dynamic。 all these kind of things。 whereas here， he looks all those things， He's older。

 He's 20 years older， but he's in better shape。 he's better dressed。

 and he's congruent with a different identity， right， this person on the left。

 at least if this is how he always dressed， I just got these two photos。

 I't I didn't know Jeff Bezos then， I don't know him。

 I'm not personal friends with him or anything like that。 But this person here。

 the way he's dressed in the way he looks， looks like someone who's not super congruent with a high value identity yet。

 He maybe hasn't been in charge as long， he's chosen clothes that don't fit as well。

 he has a hairstyle that definitely says I fit in it's not offensive to anybody like you know。

 slight comb over， like you know， typical tech executive kind of look， etc ce。tera。

 very fitting guy on the right。Is saying， you know， he'll， he'll stand out a bit more。

 He's willing to say more risk。 He's more more fit。 He's wearing tight。

 he's wearing tighter fitting clothes just to look on his face is more of like determined， like。

 fuck you， I'm gonna to do what I want to do kind of thing。

 So the overall perception and attitude has changed。 Now， again。

 I don't know what this person's like life trajectory has been like exactly。

 I'm just going off these two photos， But I am making the point。

 The other point I'm making to you is that in spite of what other things you。

You might think or you might stereotype。 You get to choose your own value proposition just because you're older doesn't mean you can't be badass and be fit。

 just because you're younger doesn't mean that you're going to be perceived that way。

 Just because you are young doesn't mean you can't have material success and can't have things going your way in life just because you're older doesn't mean that you're guaranteed to have those things。

 and it doesn't mean that you can rest on your laurels。

 So I do want to point out that there are all these typical ideas。😀Yeah。😊。

I like that Jeff business before and after high value masterclass。

That is an awesome comment that is an absolutely awesome comment。 But yeah， I mean。

 he that being in charge and being the boss for 20 some years of a major company that's moving the world will do that to you right I will say that running my own company has done a lot from my own maturity and my own sense of value and then the way that women respond being a father has done a lot for my sense of maturity。

 my sense of leadership and how people respond to me right being in that role where there are no excuses。

 you have to be in charge and you have to be the grown-up definitely is a maturing experience and it looks like in the case of Jeff Bezos。

 he's really you know made the most of that， I mean he looks basically younger and healthier at 50 than it at 30 so good for him that's fucking awesome for him。

Okay， cool， so hopefully that's hopefully that was surprising for you。

 hopefully it was interesting for you， et cetera。