# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：02.进化和繁殖：5不感兴趣的力量_4 Peacocking【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Finally， an example a lot of you guys are be familiar with is the peacock whenever we talk about evolution in animals we always talk about the peacock there was even an idea in game called peacocking back in the day。

 which basically was the idea of wearing outlandish clothing or dressing in a way to get attention specifically because one getting attention puts you on a female's radar but more importantly there's actually something being conveyed here。

 which is resilience or resistance to pressure and this is a highly， highly attractive quality。

Some funny comments going on right now， which is good。 This is an attractive quality。

 So this peacock in order to have this this bright plumage that he has， there's two things going on。

 One is he has to have good nutrition。 If he didn't have the right sort of nutrients or vitamins in his body。

 He wouldn't be able to physically make these colors。 So he's showing that he's healthy。

 which is a huge sign of attractiveness。 But the other thing he's doing is he's putting on a presentation。

 the fact that he is brightly colored and hasn't been killed， actually does convey a lot of value。

 it conveys that not only is he able to survive， he's able to thrive， he's able to super survive。

 so to speak。😊，And the same thing actually exists in human beings if you've done something that is very risky and you' survived it。

 the girl because she's seen you survive at risk， thinks if he is actually higher value than if you hadn't done that risk。

 even though the risk itself may have been dumb even though the risk itself was stupid right again。

 remember attraction is not a choice。 so her logical mind might go idiot。

 but her emotional mind is saying oh， you know what。

 that's kind of hot so just do keep that in mind and and keep in mind that boldness in general。

 especially when it's you know。in a situation where boldness does not have a lot of downsides where the risk is actually maybe it's perceived as high。

 but it's actually not very high， it's actually a good opportunity to step up and to gain a lot of value through doing that also in terms of when we talk about fashion and style and those kind of things which we will do I remember this idea of peacocking because you don't want to be crazy about it but it is better to be looked over than overlooked in general so these are ideas to keep in mind。

