# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：01.感知和价值：4为什么感知很重要_3 Perception of Information【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So I'm going to describe a person to you。 and I want you to imagine this person as I describe them。

 All right， this person is intelligence， industrious， impulsive， critical， stubborn and envious。Okay。

 so I want you to think to yourself， how likable is this person right， Is this a very likable person。

 not a very liable person you could you could put on a scale if you want to whatever， but just again。

 how likable is the person I just described。Take a second， think about it， and then。

Once you've done that。We are going to describe a second person for you， and I want you to。

Imagine this person。This person is envious， subborn， critical， impulsive。

 industrious and intelligence。And the question is， how likable is this second person？

How likable is the second person？And in general， again， this note normally is presented。

 And by the way， the characteristics， again， spoiler for you guys， maybe picked up on it。

 The characteristics are the exact same characteristics。 the exact same characteristics。

 they're just presented in a different order。And when when this was given to people in separate trials like they weren't given one and then the other。

 but they're given one on a page or they're like one random person's given person A。

 one random person given person B， and they tabulate the results over a big sample size。

 they found that in general， when someone was given the likable characteristics first。

 it tended to make all the other ones associate more with it。

And then when people were given the nonlikable characteristics first。

 it made people associate more with it。 I think for most of you， that's probably how it was。

 some of you may have done it backwards， like it may have gotten the opposite result and that will happen because its a statistical correlation it's not 100% thing。

 but the point is presenting the exact same thing in a different order change your perception presenting the characteristics one way or another。

 will' change your perception。 there's a couple of reasons for these''s what's called primacy bias meaning when you hear something first。

 then you tend to latch onto that there's also a bias where there's recency bias which is what the most recent things sticks in your memory more So actually probably the best way to do this I actually reverse the list。

 the best way to do this if you're to do a longer list would be actually just to put the likable qualities in the middle for one and the unlikable qualities on either bookend and that would probably be the most extreme effect and then doing it the opposite again。

 though the point is that are perception tricks us one way or another the way that。is presented。

 has a massive impact in how that information is received， has a massive impact in all of that。

 Okay so the takeaway from all of this is that you are not living in reality are you're trying to your senses are doing the best you can。

 your brain is doing the best you can， but there is too much information coming in for you to take it all in so your brain has to use shortcuts called heuristics to understand and make sense of what is going on in the world and you just do the best you can with that and that's very useful in communicating with other people because if you know the heuristics they're using then know that's helpful to you if you know your own heuristics for thinking you can get on your own internal psychology and make internal change better than you would be able to otherwise。

