# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：09.网络游戏分解：1点火器故障-Abs_1 Tinder Breakdown — Abs【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This one's， I think。Kind of good and bad。 It's kind of interesting。

 I'll tell you in advance the person on this， they told me that they they get good results。

 but they get good results with girls they consider to be like6s and sevens。

 but not with the nines and1s。 And that does make sense given their profile once you see it。

 So let's have a quick look。So here。So here it says， you know， is， first of all。

 attractive guy in the photo， right， He says who's into fitness， UFC， et cea， et cetera。

 Please don't be fat in real life。 And he says， if you think this is rude， but have。

 please be over 6 feet swipe left。Which is interesting。 And I think we as men。

 we can all relate to that。 We're like， how dare you think it's offensive if I say I don't want a fat girl。

 but then it's okay for you to say you want this this and this and the guy。

 And that just tells you about the selector frame if you are in the selector frame as a guy。

 you can make your demands if the girls in the selector frames， you can make her demands。

 most of the time online the girls in the selector frame。 So guess that works。

 this last comment I think is a very bad leveling behavior。

 get where you're trying to go with it and where you're trying to go with it is good。

 which is that you have standards and that you stand up for yourself as a man and whatnot。

 But the way it comes off is a little bit frustrated potentially And a little bit that like a little a little bit of like bitterness like there's animosity or attention in your relationships with women。

 So I don't think that's a very good thing to have。

 although I do get the idea And the idea of saying， you know。

 I have standards is good and the idea of saying I stand up for myself is good。

 I just think that particular thing it runs into。😊。

I just going run into the it's going to be grading a little bit it's going to be a little too abrasive and it's not an area that a lot of girls are going to be directly receptive to。

 So for that reason I don't think it's maybe the exact best way to go。But we have a good looking guy。

 let's look at his photos。All right， And it's funny because when when I was sent this actually that it was titled abs。

 So we all know what he's trying to sell in this profile。 we have top left abs， middle。

 top middle labbs， bottom right abs， lots of abs going on there and do girls like abs。 Yes。

 they do I know when I was a soccer player and had abs I used to use them to my benefit。

 and I never quite had the abs this guy has。 So is that is that useful， It absolutely is。😊。

So by all means do use it， but the problem with this profile and it is good and I can definitely see it getting girls up to a certain level of attractiveness。

But what I， what I would say is it is very one dimensional， right。

 Every single thing here is about fitness， right。Body shot abs， abs。

 sorry I'm top left bodyshot abs this is the。Photo by the pool top middle abs， this bottom here， abs。

 one person I looked at with this that one of my coaches actually made a really good point here on the bottom right one with the three girls and the guy doing the front lever。

Is that the person whose profile it is is standing here watching some other guy get attention。

 I don't know that this is the biggest deal because it does sort of imply that you can do those kind of things and you are showing off the body and that kind of stuff。

 So it's actually not bad。 but if there were a picture of you doing that thing as opposed to someone else doing it。

 And the picture of the girls all looking at you as opposed to someone else that actually might be a better photo if it exists。

 So that's that's a way you can enhance that even further。

 The issue here though is it's just the same thing over and over again。

 It's a very one dimensional thing。 And even the bio is about like getting a protein drink or whatever。

 So essentially just hammering them with I'm fit， I'm fit。 I have a body， I'm fit， I'm fit。

 I have a body。And that's that's not enough。 It's very one dimensional。

 And definitely for a girl that's like， well， I've never been with a guy that has abs like that。

 that sounds interesting or that seems exciting or for a girl that is is less attractive than you because you automatically as a guy with abs are going to be above a6 or a7。

 That's going to be it's going to be appealing。 But for the nines and1s that are already very attractive or have lots of guys that potentially have abs hitting them up。

 That's going to be。😊，Not quite as appealing to them。

 There's a couple photos in here that are are kind of pointless as well。

 So the photo top middle here is going be this one right here， right here。

Is kind of unnecessary because you already have shown everything that you're seeing in that photo。

 It's not really showing anything else。 This photo here。I mean， what is。

 what is the point you you have a guy friend， you're both， you know。

 and I don't know what's what's interesting about that particular photo maybe I'm missing something。

 maybe that M has some significance or whatever， but my guess is that that one is kind of pointless as well。

So yeah， so there's a little redundancy in this profile as well。 But the main in terms of photos。

 but the main redundancy is that you're just highlighting the same thing over and over again。

 The individual photos are great。 I'm sure most of us would love to have any of these photos with like you know the rippling six pack。

 but that can't be all there is to I would go out of my way to you know。

 have a little bit of personality outside of just fitness outside of outside just apps。

 And the one thing that。😊，We've seen only in the not only in the previous photo that we just saw before。

 the guy with the tattoos。 He's the only person so far that's done anything polarizing at all in his profile。

 This profile， again is all while it is high value in the sense of being fit。 It is still very nice。

 There is nothing particularly super challenging or nothing particularly polarizing。

 The one attempt at being polarizing， which to his credit。

 he at least made the attempt And I mentioned it is good。

 was a little bit too like abrasive and kind of like annoyed with women as opposed to polarizing in a positive way or polarizing And you can't have me kind of chase way。

So this guy has good photos and is getting what you would get with really good photos。

 but not a lot conveyed in the bio， so that's what we're looking at here。

