# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：01.感知和价值：2.接近总数【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

We do two more exercises really quickly and these ones are I'm I'm going couch these by saying that these are not going be like presented in the exact perfect way that they could be。

 so hopefully they'll work out these are supposed to be done in like a double blindind psychological trial so to speak but we're going do them we're going to do them live and hopefully you' get you'll get some of the effect of them as well。

Okay， so what I want you to do is I'm going to give you a series of numbers。

 and I want you to approximate this sum。 It's going be probably too many numbers for you to add up。

 but I want you to try and add them up。 Okay， so ready add these up。8，15，2016，25，102，40，62，79，98。

 Now， most of you couldn't add those up as you were going， So just kind of approximate it。

 approximate what you think that sum is， give me， give me a number of what you think it is if you could add them all up in your head good for you and just give the number。

 but try and think about what that number is。 Okay， try and get a feel for it。

Let me give you a minute。And then now that you've kind of got an idea that first one。

 I'm going to give you another string of numbers， I want you to add these up。

These numbers are going to be。98，79，62，4，102，25，16，20，15，8。All right。

Add up that second string of numbers or approximate it the best you can and let me know how you do with that。

O。😊，So。In general。I'm going to do like a little reveal of the results here。In general。

 this is not universal， and I don't know exactly to what degree or the margin for X I didn't run the psychological experiment。

 but in general， people tend to approximate the first set of numbers as lower and the second set of numbers is higher。

And the reason for that is you start off adding small numbers in the first set and you get the idea that you're adding numbers that are like。

 you know，1 and two digit numbers relatively low。 Okay， They are the exact same numbers。

 they're just in the reverse order。 When you're given the small numbers first。

 because your brain gets the idea you're adding a series of small numbers。

 It automatically assumes a smaller sum once it gets confused once it can no longer handle the numbers being thrown at it。

 Whereas when you start off with larger numbers。Your brain。You know。

 gets the idea of the impression that the numbers are like high to digit numbers and then you're going to get a big a bigger kind of sum。

 The point is that there is a priming effect。 There's effects to how something is presented。

 You can present the exact same information in two different ways and is perceived very。

 very differently。