# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：11.问答：2现实世界中的价值_Q&A #6【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey guys， what's up we are starting the event sorry for the couple minutes like I said in the chat I was just making sure everything is actually working properly I wanted to actually you know make sure it worked and went off without a hitch as opposed to potentially having having any issues so we should be good to go I have my staff working in the background if I get a message for them I may I may do something with that but I think we should be all good。

Hing on their calling right now。It was I' I'm on the call right now。 I'm on the call right now。

 so if you can figure it out from the back end or whatever， I think it should be all good， but just。

Yes。Yeah。Okay， sounds good， perfect， thanks， thank you，Yeah。So， confirmed。We are confirmed。

 we are all good， all the setup is in place， so sorry again for the delay let's get into the questions I have a lot of questions from you guys。

And I'm going to do them in order of the most voted first and on down there are there are a ton of them and therere actually a ton with a decent number of votes。

 so I'm just going to do the best I can and get through the most relevant ones so let's crack into it。

If I get one's that's particularly strange off topic or weird。

 I may answer it briefly and then refer back or we'll see what we can do。

 but we'll see we got first question and get a girl to be emotionally reactive to me。

 tease her make her laugh， But I'm always in doubt that the girl is sexually into me am I overthinking The answer is yes。

 no， and it depends like everything in game right， everything a again， yes， no， and it depends。

 quite possibly， yes， quite possibly overthinking。If you're doing things largely correctly。

And you're getting that that kind of question in your mind， then you're overthinking right。

 if in general， you typically do not have a problem sexualizing with girls。

And you know that you're being manda woman and all those kind of things。

 And then you're worried that well， she seems to like me， but is it sexual enough。

 then you're definitely overthinking if that's a problem for you because look。

 if youve made it clear it's sexual and she likes you。

 then she likes you at least with sexual overtones or she likes you with the manda woman thing being a thing however。

 if you are unsure of this because you haven't been manda woman because you haven't done the appropriate things to make it sexual and so there's no way she could know it other than inferring it or she'd have to guess at it or something like that。

 then this concern is very legitimate And so the question of whether you're overthinking whether this is a legitimate concern has to do with what you've put into the mix。

 if you've put the appropriate elements into the mix and she seems to like you it's safe to assume she likes you with an understanding at least that you have some kind of like sexual inclination towards her that it's a mandowo thing。

 which is all that you really， really need if she likes you she's hanging out with you。

 she knows that you intend things as sexual relationship and she's on。

WithThat's really plenty and overthinking it's only going to create more problems。But then again。

 if you are not making it sexual and you're like， well， you know， she likes me。

 is that gonna be enough to just make it sexual。 No。

 you might end up just being friends there because either she thinks you're afraid of making it sexual or she's she's afraid to make a move herself or maybe she is interested。

 but then you miss your window。 Different things like that can happen。 So the question is it depends。

 And it really depends what you have brought to the table final thought on this question is that in general。

 if the question is a does she like me question， whether it be does she like me sexual or does she like me at all。

 the more。The more you can just assume that's the case and the more you can act as though it's the case。

 the better off you are going to be。Okay， next question。Okay， when I go for the kiss。

 how do I behave the exact moment after leaving her lips， often I don't know what to say。

 what do I say when she rejects me kissing her Well。

 those are two very different things the the what to say after she receives a kissing and you kiss her is very different than what you say after rejection for a kiss after you do kiss the girl and it's good。

If you don't know what to say， it's completely fine not to say anything。

 It's completely fine to like like just be in the moment。

 like look her in the eye and just like smile or whatever。

 or it's completely fine to it's completely fine to just like app it for a second。

 Take a breath and then go back to whatever you're talking about before。

 And that's absolutely fine as well。 there are also times when it may be okay you're a good kiss or something like that。

 But the point is this is not a situation that's easy to mess up because it's already good the fact is you just kiss her So not doing very little is fine。

's not like you have to have some like master stroke after the kiss move you're already doing fine。

 you're already in a great position you're already quote unquote winning So don't overthink it and the biggest thing you can do is not be weird about it。

 if you make it weird right after kissing that would be bad but anything that's non-we Anything that's relatively sort of normal ish will be completely fine in that moment because she already likes you and she's appreciating the kiss as well。

 So don't be trying to force something or don't be trying to do something。

Extraordinary in that moment， just be just enjoy the moment。

 do whatever comes natural and whatever is non non weird non try hard just just less is more in that moment because things are already going very。

 very well for you， okay。After a kiss rejection， which by the way。

 should not happen often if you are going for kisses in a good， intelligent way。

 you should be rejected on the kiss very， very little because any rejection you're gonna to get for the kiss should have happened before。

 because you're doing theoretically little bits of a little bits of touch and seeing how it goes beforehand。

 you're kind of leaning in and gauging beforehand， maybe you like running your hand through a hair beforehand。

 et cea， et cetera。 So so most of the time if you think that it's on for a kiss。

 that should be based on some things that have happened before。

And it should be a good solid indicator so。You shouldn't be getting rejected on the kiss often I can think of like in my very long dating career and and teaching dating career。

 the times that I've been like rejected for a kiss legitimately are probably I can count them on like one hand maybe two hass。

 but probably like one hand The times when I've been blatantly rejected for a kiss。

 and that's not because I never get rejected is because I don't get rejected at the time of going for the kiss。

 I do a lot of lead up steps and a lot of build up steps so that I don't get rejected on the kiss。

 The times that I can think of that I'm rejected on the kiss。

 the best solution is to kind of laugh and or find it unusual。Yeah， like okay， so I。

 I can think of two， basically I， I could think of two。1 was where I was， it was a very。

 it was kind of an awkward attempt anyway， there's a table between us and I kind of leaned over the table pulled it towards me。

 And it wasn't on And it was extremely like， you know， whatever。 And then I was just like， well。

 that was surprising I。That hasn't really happened anyway。 And then I just went on with it。

 And it wasn't the greatest and the whole day it wasn't the greatest。

 and it didn't really work out and say le other time I can remember being rejected for a kiss was a funny one。

 And this actually ended up being a girl I did for two and a half years。

 But so basically what happened is I went for the kiss。 I leaned in I did kiss her。

 but it wasn't like didn't feel like lips I kiss I just felt like a flat surface Like I got like the side of her face or something she turned away。

 But at the same time I didn't recall her turning away。 So I didn't know what happened。

 And so we'd been walking at the time I pulled her over and kiss her and then were walking a couple steps later。

 I was like that was weird that was odd。 I was like you what fuck I was gonna say I'm like。

This that was really weird I think I think I missed and he goes like you didn't miss。

 was she had her her lips like you purse like this like。

And what happened there is she was just very nervous actually I was the second guy she'd ever kissed and so she'd had one person she'd ever kissed before and actually one person she'd ever slept with before before me。

 which had been a long term boyfriend she'd had we were very young she was in college。

And so she was just like surprised and wasn't quite necessarily ready。

 But we just hung out and had a good time。 and it was kind of like semi forgotten。

 And then later that evening， we did kiss and it was completely flying。

 So but literally those are the only two times I can I can off offhand remember being rejected on the kiss itself So that should tell you with as many girls as I've dated and kissed and whatnot that I don't get rejected on the kiss part I get a lot of indicators beforehand and it' is very。

 very low risk the way I go for the kiss also to be fair in my learning progression throughout my early days when I was inexperience it game。

 my major mistake was being way too scared to go for the kiss So at that time， any time。Sorry。

 anytime that I remotely thought that a kiss was on。

 it was probably extremely on and had been on for a long time before。

 And so I wasn't trying for it in marginal situations before I was quite experienced。

 So that probably helps with the low level of failure on kisses to be fair I probably would have done a lot better early on if in the first year or so of my game progression I gotten rejected on more kisses。

 But the point is the right way to do it is with with pinging and finding out。

 and and you should have a pretty good indicator before you're going for the kiss。

 you shouldn't largely be going for it out of nowhere that should be that should be a few and far between kind of a thing So I think that's a much better answer。

 if you do somehow get rejected for a kiss if that happens just play it off like it's no big deal and understand that probably even if you didn't get the kiss for the girl。

 she probably gained respect in her eyes by going for it and you'll gain more respect in her eyes by not car or not being very worried or have a problem with the fact that it didn't come off。

 So one it's maybe not a bad thing。 And then even if it is a negative。

 you can you can get a lot of positives around it。By the way。

 you respond to an adverse situation in the same way that any shit test or any kind of negative event is an opportunity to display a lot of high value characteristics。

All right， next question， Todd， you said that women will only sleep with you if she feels like it's a win for her or a non loss can give examples of what a non loss would be。

So so you really want to focus on win more so than nonlos， he wants some positive traits there。

 but so for example， characteristics that would make things nonlosy would be let's say you're in in high school and let's say that there's two guys a girl could sleep with one guy seems like he would not brag to the whole school that they slept together and make a big deal of it and possibly hurt her reputation。

 the other guy seems like he would make a big deal of it and hurt her reputation so it would be a potential loss for her to sleep with the guy who's going to spread it around and talk about it a lot。

 it would be a non-loss for her to sleep with the guy who's going to keep it discreet。

So that's one example of a nonlos。 Another example of a non-los characteristic or non-lost factor would be something like her friends。

 so let's say for example， you meet the girl she's out at the bar with her friends and you know her going home with you would be very blatant in front of them there's a potential loss of social value or social reputation there on the other hand if say for example with those very same friends and the friends have just like just left and now she's waiting for a taxi。

 whatever and maybe you know even you're talking to her before she liked you the friends didn't like you you go talk to her now the friends aren't around well now she can go home with you and her friends never have to find out now what was a potential social loss has now you know it's been removed from the equation and so now it's a nonlos for her so those are examples of a nonlos characteristics in this case both of them are social nonlos characteristics but you can imagine situations like safety non-los characteristics like for example if if going home with you involves going to a really sketchy area that she's afraid to go to or that she doesn't know she can get a taxi back from or something like that。

Thats those are potential losses and inconveniences and hassles。

 whereas if if it's a you know just around the corner and a safe area and a nice place and whatnot。

 those seem like less lost characteristics Another one is potentially going back to her place versus going back to your place。

 maybe a girl who has to work in the morning doesn't want to come home with you and giving resistance on that。

 But if you were to just hop hop in the car with her or hop in the taxi with her and go back to her place。

 she'd be completely fine with it because it's very inconvenient and awkward for her if she gets stuck at some random guy's place。

 and then she has to get home， shower， change her clothes， etc。 But if she's at her place。

 it's much easier for her So in that case going to her place rather than your place would make it a less less lost potential situation for her And someone might make it a situation。

 she's likely to say yes to So these are examples of having a factor that could make it a loss and then removing that factor。

 which makes it a non-lost or less of a loss。 So hopefully that kind of makes sense for you guys in terms of all that。

Um， okay。Next question， when a girl decides to go home with a guy at the end of the night because he just happens to be there。

 is she attracted to him or is it more of a comfort thing？Generally， there's a threshold。

So generally， there's some kind of， but there's probably a threshold for both really。

 there's a threshold of value and a threshold for comfort。So in terms of comfort。

 there's a threshold of。She doesn't think you're gonna murder her in her sleep or she's not like。

 you know， worried that you're going to try and stay。

 stay all night and be clingy and annoying and obnoxious or something like that。

 So that that's like the comfort again， lack of loss。And then there's a baseline threshold of value。

Which is where if if she sleeps with you， she's not going to feel totally awful about herself， etca。

 etc ce。 or at least she doesn't， she's not like repulsed by you but what does happen is that potentially the fewer her options the lower the standard might get throughout the night so she's early in the night in a bar with lots of what she perceives as attractive guys。

 her standards might be quite high， she might be quite choosy Also she's comparing to the option of hanging out with her friends and doing other fun things as opposed to at the end of the night。

 especially if she isn't quite done partying or wants to know know it doesn't really want to go to sleep yet she's comparing to nobody else around no other stimulus etc。

 so the bar has come down a bit The other thing that kind of factors into this as well when you talk about is she attractive or not is that there are some cases where a girl has just kind of decided in the night that she's gonna to go home with someone or decided in the night hook up with someone and it makes her incredibly primed for that to happen and so I've seen cases。

For example， a girl's hang out with a guy most of the night and then he drops the ball for whatever reason like maybe he takes a phone number leaves instead of taking her home and she's disappointed and annoyed and she'd already made that decision that she wanted to sleep with someone and if anything she may feel a little bit scorned by him not taking her home or or sexually frustrated by him not taking her home and so in that moment she's more willing to go with a guy even if she's not as attracted because she's still feeling all those same chemicals of emotion she's still feeling that kind of like momentum towards sex as as a factor in the interaction and a factor in her night so that can add into things and that that can bring the thresholds down a bit as well so yeah so at the end of the night it is a time where opportunism is in your favor but it's still not completely random like it would be a very rare girl indeed who would like going home at the end of the night didn't go home with a guy from the club see some like dirty homeless guy on the street and is just like yeah let's do it because at least sleep with anybody else like there is a standard there's a standard is like not unsafe。

 not disgusting。And in theory， the homeless guy would would fail both of those standards。

 So the girl wouldn't even really consider that， even though the same situation where a guy who's maybe slightly below her normal standard for sex。

 but still at an acceptable standard might have a chance more so than than under other circumstances。

 So there's still what， while the factors are。Softtened or or the the。The yeah。

 the criteria is a little bit lower is I guess what I'm saying， there still are criteria。

 it's not completely random even in that case。Okay， next question。 at some point， I should give in。

 let her win me over slash know I like her。 When is that point and how do I do this and without becoming a foregone conclusion。

 All right， so what he's essentially talking about here is this idea of using kind of well。

 using my model game the open premise evaluate narrative close。

 you're talking about that moment when in the evaluation。

 you stop disqualing quite as much and start qualifying a little more。

 And the keywords there are quite as much and a little more。 It's not 100% either way。

 And that's very important。 It's not black and white， Okay， so。

It's not like even at the start when you're kind of pushing the girl away and disqualifying。

 like it's full disqualify。 I hate you go away， There's still a little hints of I like you。

 which is why she sticks around and why there's a light at the end of the tunnel。 So as the end。

 once you are indicating that you were like the girl as she's winning you over or whatever。

 there's still a little hesitation。 There's still little giving back away。

 But what happens is the ratio has changed dramatically to be one of much more of I like you and and much less if I'm pushing you away right So the ratio has changed。

But in general， you know the same like yes， so the rate ratio change。

 but you're still keeping a little bit of both at all times is not 100%1 or 10% of the other that's the point I wanted to make at what point is this it's the point where she will appreciate it So once you start letting her win you over you let her win you over once she'll appreciate it So once you've established enough value or she's sew some kind of indicator that she's willing to chase or that she would appreciate she would like your affection back that sort of thing then it will be well received a girl once compliments from a guy who she's attracted to she doesn't want compliments to a guy who she's not attracted to So once that switch flips and shes she's showing some attraction she clearly likes you at that point liking her back a bit is good but again remember that gradient that it' it's not 100% one way or the other。

 it's always gonna be kind of in that middle zone that middle region between the two。All right。

Excuse me。Excuse your question。It saysH， I have no problem escalating verbally on we。

 but can you give examples for a series of topics that we can use to steadily escalate towards more intimate topics。

嗯。Yeah， okay。I guess the idea of escalating verbally on we means using the words we。

 as opposed to IN you。 So you're indicating some kind of intimacy。

 I assume that's what he's referring to here。 But so he's asking for an example。

 a series of topics he can use to go towards more intimate topics and for this。

 the model that I think really works in my head。And makes sense is the model of a game of like truth or Dar never have I ever Those are two brilliant college drinking games that have led to a lot of sex for a lot of people over the years and the reason they have worked is because their format and structure lends itself to proper escalation the idea of say for example。

 never have oh do truth or dare， I guess not never have ever is good never have ever。

 So you're talking about I haven't done this thing you haven't done this thing I haven't done this thing and you' you're drinking for a yes or drinking for a no。

 it's played different ways。 The idea though is。You're going to start with the idea of you're going to start with something that is along the lines of sex。

 but very， very soft along those lines are not not a huge risk in terms of that。 So for example。

 something like piercing or tattoos is slightly about the body and slightly about breaking rules and so it's in the same vein of sex a little bit or talking about drinking and partying again breaking rules going with your emotions。

 it's a little bit like like about sex， but it's not really about sex or going on roller coasters or jumping out of airplanes。

 again， a thrill and emotional experience similar to sex but it's not sex you're start with something like that and then you're gonna to get closer and closer to it So you might start with if you're asking questions in like we'll go to truth or dare now because it's a question thing if you're asking the truth questions in truth or dare and the first one is like Do you have any tattoos or piercings the next one's like what's the craziest thing you ever did under the age of like know when you were a kid what's the craziest thing you did when you were like actually truly innocent still etc and then you might be like。

えか。UmDid you ever did you ever sneak outum for when you lived at home with your parents so you're talking about these things that are a little bit more。

 a little bit more and the sneaking out why would they sneak out probably for something like partying or drugs or sex or something like that。

And then the next thing youd be like maybe like's what's the most embarrassing you ever do while drunk。

 Maybe you'd go there。 maybe that's a go maybe not a bad it depends on the vibe that may or may not be good。

 How old you when you had your first kiss starts to be more appropriate at this point。

 and then you can start getting into more and more sexual things from there So you're starting with these things are in the orbit of sex and then you're going more and more and more towards sex and that was just off the top of my head It's by no means a perfect sequence。

 this is not like some sequence I have written down I do recommend you do that。

 I do recommend to write down a sequence of questions just as an exercise for yourself that you could use and maybe even have it in the back of mind maybe even keep it in your phone if you ever need it。

 I don't really have that anymore because for me this question of how to escalate and what comes next hasn't been a factor in like probably over a decade。

 So I'm not focused on having a specific list， I just know the general concept。

 but if this was something I was working on I would absolutely write out that list and I would have it as a reference or have it in my back pocket to use。

So I would I would recommend those kinds of things。 Let's see。 all right。By the way。

 format wise for this， I'm gonna to take these written questions。

 I'll try and get through a lot of them obviously I can't go through all of them。

 I'll and get through most of the topup voted ones and then I'll try and take some of the live questions on here towards the ends just because know those of you who have been on here I appreciate you coming live and I want to be able to answer them Also someone may be good followups from the other questions like things you may not have thought of at the time So I'll definitely try and get to some of the live ones as well but we'll get to those after I've been through a decent amount of these are the ones and by the way。

 any of the live ones that are followups could be particularly good as well especially because obviously these topics that were voted are things that are relevant to a lot of people and things people care about So I'll follow up one of those might be like very generally good not just good for the asker on a cold approach if I want the girl to categorise me as a lover and not a provider potential boyfriend what should I do to convey that or what should I avoid doing to convey that。

😊，Okay， so。First the first thing I want to say contrary to this question is that it's not like you want to be entirely all lover and no boyfriend characteristics because you'll have a distinct lack of comfort if you do that and also I do want to point out that you can absolutely sleep with a girlfriend from the boyfriend frame it does happen all the time it's just not necessarily as efficient。

On a cold approach or for things happening quickly， excuse me。

It's also less efficient if you eventually want open relationships or things like on your terms or whatever。

It's not that the boyfriends， the provider frame is entirely bad in all characteristics and down the road as your data girl can absolutely have a lot of good elements to it。

 Okay， but how do you convey love overproder， One is first is the things you avoid saying。

 So avoid making a lot of promises。 avoid talking about being boyfriend and girlfriend and dating and things like that。

 obviously avoid things like marriage and kids and serious topics avoid things like the concept of like introducing to the family friendsend。

 Anything like that， Anything that's overly overly intimate or screams。

 I want to have a future I'm very invested that kind of stuff you want to lay lay off of that at the very beginning。

 later on， you can you can obviously add more of that as it's more appropriate to the relationship。

 But you should probably be keeping like。As the relationship progresses to the point where you could get away with a 10 out of 10 level provider statement。

 maybe at that point you want to go 7 and a half out of 10 and then as things progress to the point where you what's gone from10 is actually like maybe up to level 15。

 then maybe you want to go to level 11 or 12， but you don't want to go to the maximum you could you still want to leave a little bit of breathing room a little bit of a little bit of tension。

Over that so you don't want to go as far as you possibly could。

 but the further you on in the relationship， the more you can just be open and admit you both like each other it's already obvious that that's the case。

 So you want to avoid those kind of topics in terms of things you can actively say things you can do one is you can disqualify yourself。

 especially disqualify yourself in terms of commitment issues or logistics issues or any of that kind of stuff disqualifies do a lot you can kind of tell stories in which you're not saying hey。

 look， I sleep with a lot of girls or I'm a big man who or anything like that。

 but can you can tell stories where in your stories it just happens that you're dating you know a particular girl and then maybe you' telling another story you're like a different girl than the other story just the fact that you throw that in that it's like you've had a few different or maybe you have like three or four stories that have they all have different girlfriends in them maybe this isn't even super like like you know player or whatever because maybe it's over a 10 year period。

 but the fact that you're showing you've had a few different girlfriends and not just one girlfriend that's just a little nod towards more playerish more leverless provider。

Those kind of things also when you focus on your traits。

 when you selfde which which things are you describing， you're describing the solid。

 logical things or you describing the fun， emotional things right， So all of it's just little hints。

 Every little thing you're saying almost almost any sentence that comes out of your mouth。

 you could say it in in a more lover provider way or almost any story you tell。

 you could tell in a more lover provider way， like， for example。

 if you're talking about your job And you mentioned that your job is like safe and secure and and you admire like。

The loyalty and trust of your coworkers and et cetera， et cetera。

 that's a little bit more that's a little more like safe and providery and then if you if you said that your job is very like cut through。

m， or like your's very competitive and it like inspires you and that kind of stuff that's a little more lovery and funny enough as I was saying this。

um it's actually a few example in a way。Because not necessarily the case。

 being a provider does not have to do with how much money you have。

 It has to do with how you view money and relationships So you can be very rich and be full on lover。

 You can be quite poor and be provider， right when I was a。

A poor middle school and high school and college kid and trying to go on dates。

 I was way more of a provider than I should have been like that was more of my inherent frame。

 even though I had no money， I would I would have gladly spent the money on girls。

 and I would have gladly bent over backwards and done favors and those kind of things because my mentality was that even though I had no money Now I have much more money I'm much much more sort of like financially secure and have things going for me but and I actually convey that I convey that I am materially successful。

 but my attitude towards money and relationships is such that it's more of a lover based attitude and it doesn't come off like I'm a provider I'm bending over backwards a please or any of that kind of stuff and it's clear that my material success was not to be used for women it's because I am ambitious because I want it for my own sake and those kind of things。

 So a good distinction that kind of came out of that by accident is this fact that lover versus provider does not exclusively have to do with how much money you make it can be a factor。

 but it has to do with more how your attitude towards money whether you're flaunting money whether you're leading with money what characteristics。

Using to describe yourself that's actually much more important than sort of the number on your bank account is。

Okay。Question， would being caring and romantic with a girl I already had sex with maker become less sexually interested in me。

 would she be less adventurous sexually， It depends。 It depends on the girl's blueprint。

 It depends on the overall frame， et cea。 et cetera。 There are some girls for whom it would。

 there are some girls that have sex with you based almost purely on value and showing more comfortbased characteristics and what not will maybe turn them off or or make them lose some value for you。

 and that might be a negative。 On the other hand， there are a lot of girls that after sex。

 they want to connect and they want that reassurance that that there is something real。

 and they might like give resistance to having sex the next time if they felt it was too imperson。

 they might put up a lot of barriers in walls because they don't want to feel used or they don't want to feel sluty or whatever。

 And so for those girls being a little bit tender and affectionualate after sex might help。

 in terms of making the girl more sexually adventurous。 Again again， it depends。

 if you come off as a pushover and not like a guy who。Who。

Would take risks actuallyly and would be fun sexually， then that can be a problem。 On the other hand。

 building a connection with a girl to the point that she feels comfortable enough to tell you what she wants in bed and comfortable enough to explore things with you can be good as well。

 So the answer in both cases it has to do with blueprint and the answer very much is it depends and it's case by case girl by girl。

 but those are some of the factors for which for which it could work。 I'm getting。

 I think two people are saying they're getting cutouts from the video。

 but then other people seem to be not if you are having any video issues like like if it's just lagging a little bit。

 I can't help that that's just the software and that's just the internet。

 But if it's actually cutting out let me know lag I can't do much about。

 that's just the Internet connection you have to deal with it。 But again， if it's cutting out。

 let me know。 it sounds like mostly it's good there are a couple people that have lag issues。

 which might be on my end it might also be on their end I'm not sure。Okay， let's see next question。

 where were we。Okay， next one。All right， question says sometimes I feel immoral for being the guy that sleeps with many girls。

 How can I reframe that into something positive and be accepted by girls for being a player。

 All right， so there's a couple different things here。There's， okay， so。

There's like there's like three different kind of philosophical ideological things going on here and I'll try and address all of them。

First is if you're feeling immoral for sleeping with girls， you have to ask yourself。

 is having sex an immoral thing to do and is having sex something you're doing negatively towards the girl or that has a negative effect on her because technically if you have good sex with a girl。

 it's pleasurable for everyone， you guys are safe about it in terms of diseases and pregnancies and nothing happens there。

 I don't really see where the losses right good experience had by both parties。

 then you get on with your life。No big deal。 I don't see that as having done a negative thing。

 And it's not immoral to do something positive to someone。 right。

 So if you of view having sex as a positive thing， then it's fine。 Now。

 if you are promising the girl a relationship and then having sex and ditching her。 that is immoral。

 That's absolutely immoral because you are promising and you're lying， right。

 So don't promise what you're not gonna deliver。 If you are a bit playerarish act a bit pish or at least don't promise the opposite。

 you don't necessarily have to act completely pish。

 but certainly don't overtly promise that it's gonna be something else because then you are deceiving。

 And that' that's essentially almost like fraudulence on an emotional level。

 So you don't want to be doing that， you want to be giving a clear indication of of who you really are and and what it really is So that' that's the moral way to treat it。

 So don't be deceptive。But having sex per se with a girl definitely should not be a bad or problematic thing。

So that that's the first thing。 And then having girls accept you for being a player。

 you don't want girls to think of you as a player。 I want to be very clear on that。

 A lot of guys have this idea that。That being a player is like a good thing I don't know if I said that a lot of guys have this idea that being a player is a good thing and it's attracted to women。

 It it has some attractive qualities to indicates you are attracted to women and indicates social proof sexual experience。

 et ce。 But being a player is unattractive。 It would be much better if you had the same level of kind of sexual experience and interactions with women and stuff like that from it just happened。

 they pursued you et cea， eta。 So coming or like you were running away from it。

 you're trying trying to have high standard， but there's just so many girls after you。

 It's almost hard to say no that often， those kind of vibes are much better than the player is vibe。

 So have a grow except you being a player like the fact that you're a player is just it's not gonna happen。

 It's not an attractive thing in and of itself。 the effects of being a player like being attracted to women to the point that you can be a player and knowing what to do with women and stuff like that。

 those are attractive。 but being a player per se is unattractive。 So don't sell that quality。

 You don't want to be liked for that。 you don't want to be respected that。

 but you do want to understood。Right not that this is the source of your value。

 but you do understood that a girl knows what she's getting getting into and what to expect and she will actually in most cases respect you for that。

 You'll occasionally get a girl that flat out。 they're not interested unless you want something serious。

 it will happen few and far between but it has happened like I can think a handful of times in my life So it'll happen。

 but largely if you have enough value you're coming from the right place and you're offering value。

 that's what you're going to be doing。 And I think of sex as a free exchange sex better be consensual and has got to be voluntary on the part of both parties So if she's agreeing to it and enjoying it。

 that's a free exchange。 you should never feel immoral about a free exchange if you sell somebody a good at a price and you're honest about what the good is。

 and it's worth that price to them， that is never an immoral transaction。

 even if you could have sold it to him for less， you're certainly not obligated to do so in that case you are obligated to represent the thing for what it is if you tell them it's something and you sell them something else a ba which or giving inferior product something that would be immoral right but as long。

They are coming into it with full knowledge， there's no immoral free exchange。Okay。H。😊。

This is a long question or like it's a short question， but a long answer。

 I'm going to answer this briefly， it says how to pick the girl to be the mother of your children。

All I will say。Is that when you're just having sex。

 like just the girl being hot is enough and I've slept with plenty of girls who were very hot who I did not necessarily think were the most wonderful people necessarily or or who were just like as successful as they could be or maybe that's in bad habits that would have alarmed me if I was gonna have a long-term relationship with them or some girls that just were not as smart as I would have liked that I've slept with that were just like really。

 really hot and it's absolutely I've absolutely been there and you know。

 I had good experiences and they had good experiences and that was what it was for a girl who's gonna be the mother of my children。

between the idea of like a girl who's like a model or a stripper or something like that who's like like 10 at 10 hot。

 but is like thinks different things than you like would raise a kid with different values than you is maybe not as smart and isn't someone who you enjoy spending time with and a girl who's maybe like still hot of cho and still obviously like healthy and gonna give you healthy。

 healthy offspring that kind of stuff， but who's not that like know maybe the absolute like hottest hottest girl。

 but who you actually get along with， who you respect as a person who you can you can have conversation with who when you raise a kid with them。

 you're gonna have similar ideologies and ideas of how you want to raise that kid。

 that's probably more important then just pure physical appearance and again。

 assuming that if you've had some success with girls。

 every girl you're gonna be sleeping with is already going to be very attractive。

 It's not like you're choosing between attractive girl or unattractive girl you're already choosing healthy。

 attractive high sexual sexual value girls you're just choosing。Among them。

 if you have to make a tradeoff between two factors。

 definitely trade off a tiny bit in the looks department for a lot in the personality department and getting along with them and viewing the world the same way department it gonna save you a ton of headaches down the road and also in terms of the looks thing when sleeping with a girl no matter how hot she is like I've slept with girls that are again in the Playboy Maxim top 50 in is it top 50 or top point I forget well this she was on but like top most attractive girls in the world typed girls so I've slept with them and to be fair after you slept with a few times it's just you're sleeping with your girlfriends like it's kind of extra hot a little bit at first and every now and again you look over like damn she's good looking a little more than you would if she was just slightly less good looking but in general like when you sleep with a girl enough she's like hot and that's it and you've slept with her and it's good and the sex is good and that just is what it is and at a certain point no matter how hot the girl is other girls are gonna start to look really hot just because they're different。

It's just the way that men are and that's the way it is so if you put everything on assuming that her staying hot to you is gonna be the thing。

 you're gonna be drastically disappointed， especially if you stay with the girl for years and she gets older and she gets less hot and the only thing you liked about it in the first place was she was hot now what right so certainly you want to pick a girl who is very attractive but you definitely want to start factoring in a lot of these other things that are going to lead to a happier healthier life as opposed to being purely on just marrying or like marrying or having kids with the hottest girl you've ever met that that's probably a strategy for a lot of disappointment and a lot of frustration in life in in my opinion。

O。Okay。I'll answer this one briefly is I'm a little surprised this got up voted as much。

 I'm not sure what it says in general about the the general Anyway。

 I'll just read it I'm surprised this got as up voted as it did I'm not surprised I got asked。

 but I'm surprised I got is up votedted， But anyway the question is this why or how or why not to kill yourself because you missed every opportunity in your life that comes at a 26 years old I've missed everything so far Okay so。

Here's the thing， here here here's my thoughts on life， success， opportunities and suicide。

 I suppose， first thing about suicide is this。It's it's a decision you can never go back from right once you've made that decision。

 there are no more decisions。 So in terms of how right you have to be to make it。

 you would better be 100% right because if you're ever wrong it's the last decision you ever make right so with that said。

 like there are certain things like what you eat for lunch you know you can be wrong and it doesn't matter you'll have lunch again tomorrow and you'll get on with it something as as serious as as commit suicide youd have to be really really right and because of that I don't think personally。

 you can ever be that right I don't think you would ever be so certain that it's worth killing yourself because you never know what the future will bring。

 you never know what's gonna come and and and good things could come like maybe like this guy who's gonna to commit suicide would have won the lottery tomorrow or maybe the guy who's gonna commit suicide would have like met someone who would have like completely taught them something new and change their life and and whatever the next day but they didn't get to that next day and it didn't happen So I am absolutely I cannot think aside from like pure euthanasia like。

You're purely suffering and like there is zero chance you're gonna live and there is nothing left that you can do other than grit the suffering。

 maybe in that case， maybe in that case better even consider that suicide。

 I consider that like just like allowing allowing what's going to happen to happen slightly faster So in general I don't ever agree with suicide。

 I don't think there's ever， ever ever reason to because again it's something you can't go back from and you never know and I think there are plenty of positive wonderful things you could have in the world like say for example you're gonna commit suicide but you like eating ice cream well why not eat ice cream before committing suicide at least at least have one more ice cream and then if you like playing video games place a video games before because you know why not have one more experience because it's the last time you're ever gonna get to do it and you keep doing that keep finding the good things in life and then why would you why would you ever get there so it's a negative optionality decision is the kind of way of looking at it like you're taking away the option So you have to be 100% certain So number one。

 I'm not in accordance for that number two you're 26 years old that is young。

It may seem like it's been 26 long years， but that is fucking young。

 you have a long time left to live and a lot of good things that can come out of it and if you start one good positive habit or one good one good solid friendship that's going to moivate you are join one good group that gets you moving the right direction。

 all of a sudden everything can turn around at that age。

There have been people that have been there's there's actually a series of books。

 my dad maybe read as a kid called you Are What You think， but basically the the idea of those books。

 was it was about taking control of your own life through your your thoughts and how you how you think and making your life livable regardless of the external situation and。

Essentially， the guy that wrote those books， he worked in a prison and he was dealing with these like dead end and inmates that might never get out of prisoner that had like no life prospects to speak of at all。

 some even more like like death row and solitarian shit like that and he basically helped them through changing things in their own life through making like small daily decisions and getting their life on track through the very few things they could control。

 they could control almost nothing in their life because they're in an institution。

 but through taking positive steps within that， he got them to find meaning and live meaningful lives and some of them get released from prison and some of them become productive。

 happy members of society afterwards。And so， you know。

 just that he found that that one person that one little shift led to all kinds of good things and these were people potentially much older than you with potentially far less control over their own life with potentially far less to live for than you would right there in far worse situations than you probably are if you're able to be on this call so yeah I'm of the belief you can always turn around and I'm a belief you should not quit and yes。

 everybody has pain in their life for sure and some people have more pain than I'm not trying to belittle any pain you're having but there are lots of good things in life and every moment is a chance to start living a new like even if you have literally nothing you had to go start off from a scratch with nothing。

Yes， as long as you have the willingness to work and the right outlook towards moving in the right direction。

 there's no reason you can't pick your life up from anywhere。

 I can I literally cannot imagine a situation where you're better off dead than alive， I just can't。

Okay。嗯。Okay， this looks like there's some repeat questions here。Repeat questions， okay。嗯。嗯。Wow。

 is this is this？Oh okay， never mind， these are。Got it。 Go it。 Got it。Weird。

 so I read the questions out of order a little bit， that's okay， okay。Okay， next question。

 once you're slept with a girl once， can you be direct with your intention that you want sex or do I still have to make it look like it just happened？

嗯。After the first time you can be a little more direct。

 but there still is a little bit of gaming to go on right so there are plenty of situations where we're sleep with a girl once and then she'll feel like a little bit of buyer's remorse afterwards potentially or she'll feel a little more like that happened so fast or a little of like what are we to each other I usually only have sex with guys who are in a relationship with that kind of stuff。

So there may be some of these factors that make it not as as straightforward as you might think and also it's not really cemented that you are a couple yet you're just two people that hooked up so it's not really a foregone conclusion that you are going keep having sex in the future just yet So I would say the second and possibly third times you have sex there is still some gaming involved and there's still a little bit of you you need to like you know be a little careful if we can't just like super obvious and direct and needy and whatnot after that once it's kind of established that you're in relationship and it's a sexual relationship and you both like having sex with each other then you can be a lot more open with it but you still want to be flirtatious throughout the relationship。

 you still want to keep it fun and you still should be。How hard to get in various ways。

 sex being potentially one of them a little bit， but also not like completely just a lapdo for the girl right。

 so you still need to she still needs to respect you and you still need to stay that guy that she's attracted to in the first place So once you've had sex with a girl several times you can certainly have a lot less game around it and be a lot more direct about it because it's already kind of established you like each other and it becomes something very clear that you're doing for her as much as you're doing for yourself like you're both benefiting from you're both enjoying it so that gets a lot easier over time but you know it'ss you still need to to maintain。

Outside of sex and a little bit with insects， a little bit of that teasing playful vibe and stuff like that and it doesn't hurt to occasionally be hard to get or occasionally have something better to do。

 and it certainly doesn't hurt when you actually have the sex to tease a little bit and give a lot of forplay because that's part of good sex and it also keeps a little bit of that high value dynamic going on so I certainly encourage you to keep some of those things but after the first few times once it's kind of established in a relationship you can be a much more directed about sex and like oh。

 it just happened we're not going to do this etctera that can really drop once you've had sex a few times for sure。

All right， how do you avoid feeling jealous when you're seeing when a year're seeing。

 I think when a girl you're seeing casually sleeps with other guys。

 I feel like she'll become less invested next time I see her。It's possible。

 it's absolutely possible if。If those other guys are doing a better job than you。

 or just because there is that that connection that happens when men and women have sex。

If you are worried about a girl getting less invested in you。

 then perhaps you should be exclusive with her right I know that sounds like blasphemy for me because I've never really。

Never had an exclusive relationship to speak of in my life。

 I had a couple times when I was super busy with other things。

 and I had a temporarily exclusive relationship just because I didn't have time to see other girls。

 So I think that's happened a couple times for like a couple months of a time in my life。

 But generally， I've never had an exclusive relationship。

 So sounds like blasphemy to me to tell you that to maybe be exclusive。

 But if you are getting to the point where you really priorit seeing this girl。 you like her a lot。

 And you are jealous for seeing it's deeply bothering you。

 And you'd be happier if that wasn't happening。😊，Exclusive there's nothing wrong with it。

 There's no negative stigma of being exclusive。 Most。

 most people's long term relationships are exclusive。 Most marriages are exclusive， et cetera。

 So you're in good company， there's absolutely nothing wrong with it if it's what makes you happy is I don't think that。

Excuse me， don't think that you have to have non exclusive relationships。

Just because it's like the thing in the pickup community or because it's cool or something like that okay so in general。

 make decisions for your own happiness and not to meet some external standard even if it's an external standard that I set or that I appear to have said I don't really believe that standard that's been mentioned in this question or that other people in the pickup community or setting or something like that set your own standards in life。

 do what's going to genuinely and uniquely make you happy that is the best way to live in basically everything in life so。

If you are feeling jealousy issues and whatnot and it's really bothering you maybe be exclusive if you're consistently feeling jealousy issues。

 even when you don't really want more with the girl or or things like that or when you you truly looking at it really do prefer seeing other people well one put it in context and realize that that's the。

That's kind of the trade off。 and that's just what you're dealing with。 So that's。That's the thing。

 Sorry， I know there's a few guys saying it's la。 I assume for most people like there's one guy saying over and over again。

 it's lagging。 I'm sorry for that。 for the other guys。 I'm sorry I' do the best I can。

 Hopefully it works out， if on the recording， it's a problem we。

 we'll do something about it at that time。 But I have the Internet connection I have。

 I can't really do much about it。 So hopefully that's that's on the end of a few people。Fair enough。

So what was I saying what were the question were on oh yeah。

 so but in terms of if you find that you are too jealous overall。

 well maybe you can think about what sex means and what sex doesn't mean and how you're interpreting that right and also how she's interpreting that because it may or may not be a factor but if a particular type of relationship isn't working for you then by all means change it up and go to a different type of relationship that is more effective for you。

All right。Yeah。This girl sorry this question， what are the advantages for a woman dating a player slash fuck boy versus the guy who will commit to her。

 do they have different sexual agendas for each guy？嗯。this is like it's very broad。

 there's a lot of differences。 There's differences in terms of how often they'll see the guy。

 there's differences in terms of if they'll introduce them to the family。

 differences in terms of potentially how they have sex eta et cea so yes。

 they are fundamentally different to delineate all the differences would take a really really long time but yes。

 they do have different agendas it is two different strategy they are they are there is one strategy and there's another strategy and it's not like there's a mixed strategy there's a little bit of mixed strategy between but the girl typically is viewing you as one or the other and how she views you will determine a lot So in the question of is it different for her。

 Yes， it is fundamentally different for her it's a yes or no question and the answer is yes。Okay。

 next question。What motivates women to be open to having sex with new guys instead of sticking to one high value male and staying loyal to him。

 Do they like novelty like men， So I don't agree with the premise of this question。

I don't think that women inherently want to go sleep with a bunch of new guys instead of sticking to one high value guy。

 I think that for most women， if they could be with one high value guy who actually is kind of out of their league or at the top of their league。

 and he's being good to her and everything's right。

 I don't think they would prefer sleeping around and sleep with a bunch of guys over that。

 I think I disagree with that assertion there may be some girls for whom that is the case。

 but for the most part， I don't think that's true。 So I disagree with that assertion and I think most women are biologically logical in that way。

 Now the question of why in practice do girls， sometimes sleep around or why do people break up and girls meet new new guys。

 that has to do with value in relative value。 So maybe there is this guy who's quote unquote high value but he's been acting needy or low value for a while。

 she gets bored of that she loses attraction and goes in sleep with other guys that can absolutely happen or maybe there's a guy who's high value and she meets another guy who's higher value she goes and sleep with him that absolutely can happen or maybe it's you know。

She's drunk and in a particular moment and you know one thing leads to another and she does something she wouldn't have done under other circumstances that happens too right so all these different things happen but to take the fundamental premise that girls prefer sleeping with a bunch of random guys of questionable value over one high value guy largely I disagree with that I don't think that' that's the general most common model but do girls cheat yeah。

 a lot of girls do not all girls but a lot of girls cheat and will girls occasionally cheat even on high value guys under certain circumstances yes that's possible and girls sometimes break up with quote unquote high value guys yes that's possible although oftentimes the break up because he stop being high value to her。

But I disagree with the fundamental premise that that's a preference or that they're seeking novelty for its own sake。

 in most cases， there may be a few girls from them that's true， but on the mass。

 I disagree with the premise。Okay， question， how to have confidence if， if I'm short， I'm 5。7。

 most of my problems is that I don't know what' to respond to when people say I'm short。

 not just girls。Well， news flash， I'm 5 foot7。 Also， I'm exactly the same height as you。

 and it has not been a problem for me。 I very rarely get called short。 It's happened a few times。

 If it does happen， it's usually right at the start before I've conveyed my personality before the girl knows me once she likes me。

 then she usually doesn't comment that I'm short at least's not in a negative way。

 or maybe short comments on she' be like， wow I'm normally into tall guys， I don't know why， etc cea。

 et。 But with the context that she likes me。 So it's not a thing。 In fact， to be fair。

I never realized being short was a problem an issue until I started teaching game and everybody started having this insecurity and bring it to me。

 I personally never had the insecurity。 I never even thought of it as a negative。

 I just thought I'm my height and I'm cool guy and I'm my height and I'm in shape and I'm good looking or relatively I'm not really that good looking but I'm above average looking right and all these things。

And that's enough right， So a lot of insecurities are in your own mind。 and in fact。

 if someone says you're short and it's not an insecurity for you， probably just be amused me really。

 am I I hadn't noticed or okay。Cool or like compared to what right So if you're bothered by it going to be a much bigger problem than if you're not and 57 is not that short。

 you're maybe depending where you live like in the United States。

 I think you're maybe an inch to an inch and a half below the average height or something like that so you're not really that short in Sweden or or the Netherlands you might be like three inches below the average height or something like that。

 but you're still not super short， you're by no means like a midget you're by no means like like you know you're gonna be taller than most girls you're going be fine in that regard and even if you're not I've slept with lots of girls taller than me and it has not been a problem in terms of sleeping with them I don't particularly enjoy it as much because I don't think the body fit together as well when the girl is bigger in my personally experience and how I like to have sex but regardless I have slept with girls quite a bit taller than me and I've never had it be an issue。

All right。嗯。Okay， here's an interesting question。 I always think girls will leave me for a better guy after hearing all the evolution stuff。

 Do girls ever just girls ever just care about me unconditionally like love So there's two really interesting questions here。

 which I think are good The first one is the evolution stuff right will the girl leave you for a better guy。

 Yes， she will if she meets what is a truly better guy based on her ability to assess and based on her sort of risk tolerance and preferences but that means a lot that last part。

 So let's say that you were an eight and a half out of 10 guy who has a solid relationship with a girl knows the girl has a history with her。

 she knows she gets along with you and there's something good there。

 And then there's some guy who's maybe a9 out of 10 So a half a point higher than you but she doesn't know him doesn't have any shared history doesn't have any that familiarity and comfort and doesn't know who'll be loyal to her。

 doesn't if they have things in common， doesn't what the experience would be like down the road。

 most girls will stay with the guy who's the eight and a half rather than go with the guy who's the9 even though the other guys potentially higher value because of all those。

Extra factorsAnd the more history you build， the more connection you build。

 the more investment you have with the girl， the more that is the case。

 even to the point where the girl will prefer you over guys who are a lot more than half a point higher than you in terms of objective attractiveness rating and that's because while they may have that objective attractiveness rating she doesn't have all the data and she doesn't have any way of knowing that other than a ton of interaction with them and other than potentially already having sex with them which would be risking what she already has so girls do have a strong tendency towards loyalty and they will stay with a less attractive or lower value guy as opposed to just skipping to the higher slightly higher value guy also if a guy's tremendously higher value that may actually be scary for her。

 she may think she has no chance with him so that can also be a factor in the decision。

So while the evolution I think exists the comfort thing does factor into a girl's value assessment and it is a legitimate factor。

 it's just's not like they' are these pure value calculators and they're just going trade up for everything connection is a part of it reliability as a part of it knowing that the information they're getting is honest and the real deal is a big part of it as opposed to just the next shiny thing next shiny thing so thats that's part one of it but the next thing do you want a girl to love you unconditionally that's a problematic phrase loving you unconditionally means she'll love you even if you start acting low value it means she'll love you even if you start being unattractive or a bad person or whatever and that's not gonna happen the girl is gonna love you for what you are and what you've brought to the table what you continue to bring to the table so as soon as you stop bringing value to the table she has every right to stop loving you So one thing I said like with my girlfriend who I've known for a long time obviously have a kid with etc is open relationship but we have a kid together anyway one of the things。

I said with her early on I told her I want to be loved unconditionally for all the right reasons。

 meaning that I want to be somebody's very I want to be very special and unique and like consider the number one person and have very very deep committed love with someone but it has to be for the right reasons it has to be because of the fact that I've earned it because of the fact that I continue to step up every day because of the fact that I continue to improve myself because of the fact that I'm making the most of myself because of the fact that I'm being attentive to her and being a good boyfriend etc and the same thing for her I love her unconditionally for all the right reasons I love her for her as long as she continues stepping up and being all those things。

 but if if she starts being an awful person to me then that could break if she stops like taking care of herself and becomes 300 pounds that could no longer be the case etc etc so the phrase which is kind of a contradictory phrase and it doesn't necessarily have an exact meaning but the idea behind it is good which to be loved unconditionally for all the right reasons so as long as you're doing all those。

ThThere's no reason to expect that the love wouldn't last and that it wouldn't continue to grow。

 but you do have to keep working as soon as you stop working。

 you're no longer that same person that was loved， so maybe you love that person unconditionally。

 but if that person changes to a different person， then all conditions are off for example。

 so that idea of unconditional love is is one of those it leads to a lot of laziness and it's a very poor model for what what love is and what attraction is so I would get rid of that phrase。

Okay， question。I just assume every girl already has guys they're sleeping with or can sleep with on apps like Tinder。

 what value can I give and why would she hook up with me？Well， fair enough。

 So also if a girl goes to the supermarket， there's shelves full of product she can buy。

 why would she buy one product over another because it's better and she likes it more right having a lot of choices doesn't mean she's not gonna she's gonna pick something she's got to pick something you just need to be the one that gets picked and yes。

 it's a competitive environment， there are some things that are getting picked a lot and some things that are not getting picked but just the fact that there are other options does not preclude you being chosen right it just means you have to be better you have to have and you don't even have to be better across the board necessarily you have to be better in some way you have to be better in some way that stands out that gets you gets you noticed and gets gets you in the door but that's it right so yes。

 there are lots of guys she could sleep with most of whom are lame。

 most of whom don't know how to please a woman， most of whom are boring most of whom are try hard and needy and all kinds of things like that。

 So yeah can you can stand out from those guys and yes。

 there is a little bit of noise that your signal has to get through and maybe that's frustrating but。

Being better is the answer and it is it's a very workable answer。哈は。

A lot of these cheating questions， if a girl cheats on me。

 am I not valuable enough or is she just a shitty person and how to make girls never cheat on me？

So no matter what there's always a risk， there's always a chance to go can cheat on you because girls have it in their nature that cheating is a viable reproductive strategy and under certain circumstances they will or they might with a high value enough guy in a circumstance where they wouldn't get caught in a situation where you've been low value and she's losing attraction all kinds of things like that。

 you know girls absolutely could cheat it could happen so to be absolutely totally insulated against it。

 not gonna to happen。 but what you can do is be so good that a girl would be very dumb to cheat on you。

 it'd be very， very stupid and most girls don't do stupid things and most girls don't do stupid things often。

 So the best you can do is statistically make it highly unlikely that she'll cheat on you but to make it impossible just not gonna happen。

 you just have to make it highly unlikely the same way that it's not impossible it's not impossible you'll walk outside and be struck by lightning。

 it's just highly unlikely So it's not something you should be deeply concerned about all the time if a girl cheats on you is it because you're not value enough or because she's a shitty person。

I mean， if your definition of a shitty person is someone who cheats then by definition she's a shitty person。

 but there are a lot of people like most girls under the right circumstances would cheat。

 so that would make the majority of women shitty people if you go that route and I don't think that's a good way to go I don't think it's good to characterize a majority of a gender or a species or whatever as shitty。

 I think it's it's good to acknowledge what their nature is and say they're either they're effective at being that nature or not effective being that nature or something like that。

 but imposing moral value judgments on people acting in what is in their genetic interest is kind of a flawed way of looking at the world and that's going to lead to a lot of frustration in my opinion。

So I would consider a girls shitty people for cheating I would consider girls a essentially a almost you can think of them as I'm almost going to treat them as a species of animal。

 even though it's a gender of human， but they they're this category of thing that has certain things that need to be met in order for them to survive and they're going to do the things they need to do in order to meet that and if they're doing that for their own good or they go or their children or something like that you can't really hold it against them it's like someone who who's absolutely starving literally the only way they could survive would be to like steal a steal loaf of bread well you can't really fault them for that in that particular we could fault them for getting into that situation。

 you could fault the world for putting them in that situation potentially etc etc but you can't fault them in that moment for trying to survive you can never fault that and trying to survive or pastor genes along in the best possible way so a women shitty people know do women have certain priorities。

 yes and can you you be in alignment of those。It is as opposed to against them and give yourself the best chance。

 yes， if a girl cheats on your because you're low value， not necessarily。

 it could be because you messed up something comfort wise。

 could be because she doesn't trust you could be because you met another guy who's very high value even if you are also high value et cetera。

 et cetera， so it's not necessarily because of that， but that is a factor。Okay。

Okay I'll answer this and this being value master class is actually an appropriate form for it as well recommended material books courses。

 videos or people for learning finance and investing to get over the beginner level any personal tips so。

Things that I would read the first， the first thing I ever read in terms of finance。

 and it's a bit simplistic， but it is good in general。

 was actually rich dad poor dad by Robert Kiyosaki。 And to be fair， I really like that book。

 and I really like hi the things he taught in that book。 Some of his later books。

 I actually really disagree with like for example， like Rich dad's guide to investing。

 I went through that and I could poke so many holes and that it's fucking ridiculous。

So I don't agree with him in terms of a lot of his investing advice， although。

The idea that you want to be an investor for sure I agree with I'm sure he has made some some very good investments in his in his life and his career and stuff like that。

 but I think I'd like to thinkm I'm probably a better investor than he is。

 but in terms of the the fundamentals of。😊，The fundamentals of what makes someone wealthy or not wealthy saving versus investing versus being in business and working for yourself versus working for someone else。

 those are really amazing。 As someone mentioned the Rted Port dad cash flow game。

 It is good fun And actually there's a lot of subtle lessons in it it's a very deep game games like that and like monopoly are good in the sense that they're infinite games because there are rules but there are a lot of things undefined And so you can do a lot of things in those games that are not explicitly forbidden by the rules。

 but not explicitly in the rules。 there's a lot of creative ways to be very。

 very good at them like for example， like forming partnerships or things like that or making collective deals or negotiating and trading things etc。

 which is I think fully in the spirit of those games and I think those are great educational tools both as they intended in the case of cash flow and then also in monopoly it's intended that it's going be there's gonna be trading and that interplay and I think it's an incredibly good education kind of financially。

And also for life so I'm actually a really big fan of both those games interestingly enough。

 although again in the cash flow thing， I think that the models for the investing part of the cash flow game are really poor the models for the stock market investing specifically are rather poor from the last version I saw of it but a lot of the other stuff is quite good anyway。

 So that's one I actually recommend for very basic fundamental is rich Ed poor dad as a book fine and some of his later books are good but not all of them so I don't give a blanket watch all this to to all of his stuff but at least that first book Rich dad poor dad and in general it to the idea of like cash flow quadrant at least that concept behind that I think is pretty good as well。

 So that that's a good start for wealth and and growing it Another one is anything Warren Buffett Warren Warren Buffett's investor letters or a great example just read all his shareholder letters That's a great education Also there's some good biographies of Warren Buffett that are good educational opportunities for mindset and understanding and those kind of things so I think that's a good place to start。

😊，And then from there， you're going to read some good books on economics。

 I would say I like free to choose by Milton Friedman， I also liked， what's the other one I read。😊。

I'll have to get back to you on that。 I have a couple other economics style I read them a long time ago。

 So Id have to look back see what they are because there's a bunch of red and most were good。

 but I forget which one was which a little bit。 And then you want to read in general。

 you want just understand how markets works。 So just understand like how markets move and why what buying a stock is。

 what buying an option is， how kind of the counterparties in markets where。

 you just want to understand all that because otherwise you might make some dumb mistakes you just want to avoid dumb mistakes where you're like trading the right idea in the wrong way and it ends up biting in the but。

 So that's for deeper down the line as well。Okay。How to know what I want in a girl。

 I can't think of anything besides pretty and fun and emotionally intelligent。

 that stops me from having clear boundaries。Get more ideal， get more ideal right， So okay， yeah。

 everybody wants to go who's pretty fun and emotionally intelligent。 Okay， fine， that's a given。

 But what else。So assume that in this world， there are millions of girls who are pretty fun and emotional intelligence and assume you're on a game show and you have to choose between them。

 What would be the next factors you would choose get more right What do you like to do what experiences would you like to have with a girl Do you want to travel with a girl than she has to be able to travel Do you want to go to the gym with a girl because it's killing two birds with one son is something you like she has to be into the gym or at least willing to be open to be going to the gym do you want the girl to be ambitious and financially successful so you don't have to support her or do you prefer a girl who actually would would would love to stay home and and cook and clean and take care of kids and stuff like that And you're gonna be the money guy and she's not gonna complain about it or feel unfulfilled by that。

 that might be good just depends what you want to think about those kind of things and start thinking what is the experience you want to have with her and that could informal lot on what the qualities she would want to have But the other thing is just like be more particular start getting more picky because that criteria of just what was the thing to come off。

Ptty fun and emotionally intelligent that's that's very。

 very surface and very easy there are there are way too many girls that have that that's not really being selective that's just being like I don't want a girl who's awful right start being more picky。

呵。um。How to argue or fight with a girl， I know I should change her mood versus her mind。

 but how do I approach an argument where she is clearly logically in the wrong？嗯。😊。

It depends on the argument like it's very case by case in terms of this。

 but what I would say is you can attack arguments a bit。

 but you don't want to attack the person right so saying that someone's so okay。

 there's three levels right？Youre stupid is bad。 Don't go there。 Your argument is stupid is better。

 but it's still not good， or you used to like your argument doesn't really make sense。 I don't think。

 And and here's the reason why， right， So that's a much better version of， you know。

 So it's not a personal attack。 and it's not even an attack。

 It's more arguing on the on the concepts。 The other thing is to to be willing to listen and hear someone out and then break it down。

 The other thing is。😡，If you can agree with parts of it while you're disagreeing with them。

 that's going to make things a lot more palatable so for example。Say that。

Say that she's arguing a particular ideology that you think is is blatantly wrong。

 but it's well intentioned。 then you might at least give her that。 You might be like， hey， listen。

 so I understand where you're coming from and I understand like definitely good intentions。

 you're definitely trying to like help people do the right thing， et cetera， et cetera。 But X， Y， Z。

 X Y Z， have you considered this this and this if you considered that you know that might actually backfire。

 et ce， et cea， those kind of things。So as an example， try and find the ways to be on common ground。

 find a ways to relate and remember that the purpose。 Well， first of all。

 a lot of times it's not worth arguing because you're not going change anybody's opinion anyway。

 right but the purpose of arguing is to come to an understanding or to get on the same page。

 it's not to create animosity。 And if you're arguing is creating animosity without getting on the same page it's a bad argument it's a dumb argument to have。

 So just keep in mind the purpose of arguing and the purpose of arguing isn't to win the purpose of arguing is to create a better future right so if you keep that in mind。

 you're going to be a much better place in terms of arguing。H。this is gonna be a really short answer。

 Girlirs enjoy spending time with me， but don't put in the effort to see me unless I make the first move。

 And this is after we've hung out many times。 What do I do。😊，For now。

 make the first move and hang out many times。Absolutely fine if you are getting what you want eventually on on a high percentage basis。

 but the process there isn't ideal who cares， suck it up。

 deal with it and get where you get where you need to go if you're also getting low percentages then I would start consider start worrying about it。

 but don't don't be so worried about how it happens like say for example if。

Like you you'd like it if we' girls chasing you in a relationship right and you figured out how to have sex with girls in a way that's not necessarily with them chasing you。

 but it's consistent and good。 and then it stay around and then over time as it gets no to start chasing you find who cares right Maybe you can work on it a little bit。

 Maybe you can prove it a little bit， but certainly don't be throwing out that process That's a pretty effective process a lot better than what most people have。

So don't make the perfect the enemy of the good。 And if you have something that's working。

 certainly don't throw it out。 you can experiment with different things。

 You can try different things， but understand that that sounds like a high quality problem。

 It sounds like you're already in a pretty good spot in terms of that。

 And it is you know most girls won't put in the effort unless you make the first move。

 And most girls warm up after you spend more time with them。 So that's not even all that abnormal。

 And as you get slightly better at game you get slightly more abundance etc。

 You may find that this naturally changes over time。 but again。

 it sounds like you already have a fairly workable strategy。

 So I certainly wouldn't be trying to reinvent the wheel from the。

 You can make a little tweaks here and there。 but overall。😊。

Be happy with what's going on and understand that most guys have to make the first move and most girls warm up after you've hung out a few times。

 etc ceter。And obviously by being a little bit better， you can make that a little faster。

 like so maybe it used to be four or five times before she starts making the first move。

 And now it's two or three times。 And that's progress。

 But that's how it' gonna be's gonna be it's gonna be gradual progress from an already working solution。

 you have a working solution now you just have to iterate and improve from there。

 And it's not gonna be some huge paradigm like change this one thing。 It's gonna to fix everything。

 especially if changing that one thing It's throwing out what's already working。

 So don't throw out what's already working and then just worry about making iterative progress。

 And if you're always making the first move， make it so that you're just sometimes making the first move If it's many times you have to hang out。

 make it a few times that you hang out and keep working from there。😊，嗯。

How to let go and move on from a great girl。 Well， first of all。

 understand that regardless of how great the girl was， if you are moving on。

 there was something wrong in the relationship right maybe she wasn't the greatest girl for you or maybe you know you're in a position where you learn something and I to be better in the next one or who knows what But it's very easy to put a girl on a pedestal at any time。

 it's easy to put a girl on pedestal before meeting her before sleeping whether it's easy to put a girl on pedestal after a relationship。

 But remember if it ended it ended for a reason。 So don't start like you know romanticizing the past relationship as something better than it was if it ended it wasn't the greatest thing ever and just keep that in mind and another thing is understand there's a lot of girls in the world the more you meet you are gonna meet a girl that that is better than this one。

 So you just got you got to you embrace that process and also listen if you don't have the choice of going back to it then why think about it right it only makes sense。

It only makes sense to be thinking about and considering choices that are actually actionable。

 So if there is no actionable step with this girl， it's just over and you're never going to see her again。

 It is a complete waste of time to think about always， It's completely unactionable。

 And just as as a mental discipline， try and get unactionable stuff out of your head。 It's。

 it's just， it's a waste of time and thought and resources。下。Okay。

 this next question I don't understand if the person is live on here wants to re ask it。

 I'll read it， but then I'm just gonna skip over it。 It says。

 where is the line of quote we're just two different people versus quote。

 it's something that can be trained into the girl or something。

 I can present differently calibration question mark。 I don't understand that question。

 I don't really know exactly what's being asked there。 So yeah。

 if if you're on here and have a better way of asking that， I'll try and field it， but。

I don't understand it。Nice question， how should I feel about a girl who has already been with a guy in the same social circle as me。

 is that inherently low value on my end？No， not really， I mean。

 look if you like look if you like the girl。And you'd like to sleep with her。 sleep with her。

 Was you rather not， And and is is it inherently low value in your And a lot of guys think this is like。

 oh， if she's up with this other guy and， you know， he's lower value than me。

 will that like ruin my reputation or make me look blame by comparison， typicallyy not， typically。

 if you're sleeping with an attractive girl， you look cool。

 That's it And also who cares how you look do things for your own happiness。

 do things for your own happiness in your own life。

 stop thinking so much about what other people think right And is the girl gonna think that imagine this thought。

 Like the girl thinks that anyone who sleeps with her is low value。

 So are you talking about being low value in her eyes。

 thatd be an incredibly incredibly insecure and low value way to think for her that like， you know。

 so， you know， and besides which it shouldn't matter same social circle to her。 So again。

 it doesn't it doesn't matter。 is this is just like a bunch of mental masturbation。

 do what makes you happy， stop caring what other people think。😊，Okay question。

 If a girl doesn't want to get involved with me because she says she wants to focus on her career。

 Is that an emotional objection or something serious。

 I like how like emotional objection or something serious or two separate things as though like one can't be serious。

 Like emotional objections can't be serious or other objections。

 like other objections are serious or something like that。 Who knows。

 It's probably a combination of factors。 Most things like that are a combination of factors。 So。

On one hand， if she wants to be focused on her career。

 maybe she is overly obsessed by her career and not a good girl to date。 It's possible。

 On the other hand， if she's overly obsessed with their career， relative to seeing you。

 maybe that means she doesn't care enough about seeing you。

 And if you were more high value or you're a different guy and met her under different circumstances。

 she would drop that and prioritize you over her career。 Who knows。

 there's a lot of factors involved specifically， there's all the factors relating to her career。

 which is many， all the factors relating to， which are many。

 and then there's the interplay of the two。 So it's really hard to say there are girls who are fundamentally one way or another。

 And the other question with this is at what stage right So is it you just said hi to a girl like hi nice to me she goes I'm focused on my career。

 I can't have a relationship。 that would be weird。 But that'd be like the worst case scenario because you have no no history there If you hooked up with a girl a few times And she says that then。

Then it would be you'd have a lot more chance and while she may be saying she wants to focus on her career as long as she's continuing to see you and hook up with you。

 that can be a shifting thing and she clearly is putting some priority on you so consider her behavior is very strongly consider the context as well。

 but yeah it's a number of factors all the factors to deal with her career and all the factors to deal with the relationship and the interplay of the two and every girl is gonna be different。

Okay， how do you quoteComp with a friend who has higher perceived value and gets all the attention。

 he's an extrovert and I'm an introvert， so the answer is don't compete with him。

Don't compete with him。 Do a few different things。 learn from him。

 potentially implement behaviors he's doing and and become better。 That's one Cooperate with him。

 go out together and wing sets where you can meet you meet a girl。

 he meets a girl and the fact he's good at game helps you get girls that you wouldn't have otherwise。

 That's good。 Or if you are in the same social circle and that's just the case and and you just have to you're meeting the same pool of girls then don't compete with him。

 don't try an out extrovert him or outdo him at the things he's good at。

 do the things you're good at and be a different value proposition if he's the outgoing extrovert guy that has a lot of superficial friendships。

 be the introvert guy that you know sits quiet with a girl makes a deeper connection so don't compete on the same level。

 differentiate and and compete at what you're good at rather than at what he's good at。But ideally。

 having high value friends will mostly help you now it could be the case if you're in a social circle。

Whether I are high value guys， it's possible that they may pull the hottest girls out of social circle ahead of you because they're currently better than you keep working on it eventually you can get better than them probably。

 But in the meantime， by doing that， they're also bringing all those girls friends around。

 they're bringing you into an ecosystem of hot girls。

 and that probably on net is going to get you a better result。 So let's say， for example。

 if you're out by yourself and you could create an ecosystem in which you could get a girl who's a7。

 but she's the hottest girl in in that area， well you feel good about yourself because she's the hottest one。

 but still fundamentally you're with a7 and I'm meaning thiss not just on looks but overall package right On the other hand。

 if you're with guys who are getting girls around them that are tens。😊，And they're dating the tens。

 but then they also have these friends that are nines。

 and you happen to be you end up dating with one of the nines。 Well。

 maybe you're disappointed because you see their friends that are hotter， but on the other hand。

 empirically you're dating a9， you should be pretty happy。

 And so on net most of the time gonna to be better off if you have higher value friends as long as you can create good positive scenarios around them rather than low value ones the exception would be if the guy is quote unquote high value。

 but has a proclivity for stealing your girls like you're bringing girls into the social circle and he's stealing them in which case the answer are simple。

 don't bring girls to that social circle， don't bring girls near him。 So one way or another。

 there should be a very workable solution and also I'd encourage you learn from the guy if guys are doing things that are good learn from them and become better yourself。

嗯。Mh。Okay。Okay， this is a good question。 Do girls need less comfort to have sex with someone in a party or club compared to day game。

 Why is that the case？ It's hard to say universally yes or no， but on average yes。

 on average girls will tend to hook out from clubs quicker than from day game like with less total time elase。

 which means less comfort and also they'll have a value system that is more valuecentric because the club tends to be very valuecentric to the environment in which you stood out or the environment which you cut their attention was very valueemphasd and so that's going to be an emphasized thing now there's a huge variability in this just because you meet a girl in day game doesn't mean that she has a very comfortcentric view on life。

 you could easily meet a girl and day game that has a very valuecentric girl although the same girl and day game for night game day game versus night game on average would tend to adopt a slightly more valuecentric view in night game but it's not like a one to one thing and it's not across the board etc。

 you want to evaluate each girl independentlyly and differently。 but yes it is true that when you。

Meetter girl in an environment where value is highly emphasized， value is what's noticed。

 and it's what's going to carry through also。Where time is less of a factor value is going to be higher where time where there is more time involved comforts going to be higher also when people are potentially drunk or drinking or partying at whatnot they're going with their emotions a little more going be acting in their emotional minds more than their logical minds and value tends to resonate more emotionally comfort tends to resonate more logically so that's going to factor as well so for all those reasons on average yes。

 but it's certainly far from universal and it's certainly far from the only thing you should be consider you should consider the particular girl on how she's acting a lot more than the time or the environment。

嘘。Okay， let's take maybe one or two more of these， and then I'm going to switch to some of the live questions to end us off。

嗯。What do I do if I'm building relationships with girls I like。

 but their logistics only allow me to see them less than I'd like？

See them as much as you can and enjoy the rest of your life and if it becomes really serious。

 figure out the logistics thing， right？If a relationship gets good enough， people will fix logistics。

 Girl move across country to live with guys all the time or or to be near guys all the time。

 I' I've had girls move across country to see me all the time I've had even girls that I was in rather casual things with。

 fly to a city to see me， spend time with me， etc ce， etc ceter， on a regular basis。

 So if the investment is enough you can overcome a lot of logistical issues。

 So what I would really say is focus on having a good relationship。

 which even if you don't overcome the logistics， you only see the girl every once in a while is going to be net good and you'll be glad you did it and then work on just deepening and bettering the relationship to the point that there's a strong motivation to overcome those logistics。

And at some point， you could even overcome the logistics for her rather than the other way around。

 although it is obviously better in terms of investment。

 what not if she's the one overcoming those logistics。嗯。All right。

 this is a really interesting question。 How do I tell if I should stay with a girl or keep looking for something better。

 I don't want to end up in a relationship where I think the grass is greener。 Okay。

 so this is a really interesting question。 The best answer is experience。

 The best answer is the more girls you have had experience with。

 the more the more girls you've known， etc ceter， the better idea you're gonna have of what is what are the girls out there。

 what is， what is available in the world and what is available to you。

 So if you've dated like 50 girls， and this is the best of 50， there's a very good chance。

 she's really， really good for you。 if you've dated two girls and she's the best of two。

 who knows if you dated one girl， and she's the best of one， really， who knows。

 So that's the reason why seeing。😊，So anyway。Hang on， let's see。 Okay。

 so I'm just reading some stuff in the comments。So let me go back to the question。

 I got distracted with the comments。All right， so yeah， so。So yeah， the more experience you have。

 the more you're gonna be able to draw on。 And that's the reason why seeing a lot of girls and dating a lot of girls before settling down is a very useful thing。

 If you are in that situation of having settled down with a girl before you've had a chance to date and explore enough What I would suggest is date and explore within the realm you can while being with that girl。

 So， for example， let's say you're in an exclusive relationship with a girl you really like。

 You find hot you're enjoying it。 But she's the first girl you've ever been with and you really don't know Be loyal to that girl。

 be good to that girl because， you know， you're enjoying and it's very good and it's the best you've known。

 however。😊，Alert and be social with other girls。 Don't sleep with other girls if you're in exclusive relationship。

 don't violate the terms of your relationship， but at least give yourself the opportunity to interact a little bit and see what's out there。

 And if you find that as you're doing that， you find yourself massively compelled and massively more drawn to other girls rather than the girl you're with that may be an indicator that maybe it's not the best relationship for you whereas if you're talking to these other girls and it makes you value the girl you have because she's like smarter or cooler or hotter or whatever。

 then that's a good indicator that you're in a pretty good thing but。

It's kind of like evaluating the free market， it's like， say， for example。

 you're in business and you have a contract of a particular company， stay loyal to that contract。

 but also be looking around because there may be a time when that contract needs to not be renewed or there may be a time when like you need to just pay whatever penalty to break that contract and then to go out and and form new relationships because it's just a better deal so you want to be aware of what's in the market even if you're not currently actively on the market it's just good practice。

嗯。😊，This is really funny this a really kind of like。This is a very red pill question， actually。

 but I'll ask it。 says， I know what guys provide girls in value， but what do girls provide guys。

 I don't want to be the only one giving value。 What makes me choose one girl over another。 Well。

 so the answer of what makes you choose one girl over another。That depends on you， right。

 What do girls bring to the table They bring a few different things。 One。

 hopefully they bring a positive experience and some value also。

 right both sides should be bringing value and you should be willing to walk with。

 They don't they bring the potential to have children and potential to have a family all kind of stuff if you're into that。

 they bring good positive experiences， they bring， you know the ability to have sex etc cetera。

 So they're bringing all these different things to the table。

 and certain girls will bring more of one than another。

 certain girls will be more fun to hang out with。 So that's more positive。

Certain girls are are hotter and more fun to have sex with。 So that's more positive。

 Certain girls have more similar values to you， and you can see a longer termm future with them。

 So that's more positive。 But in terms of what you find attractive in a girl only you can answer that question。

 Why would you put one girl over another。 I don't date different girls and you're gonna to find yourself having preferences。

 and that's a good thing。 And it's totally fine It's totally okay to have those preferences。

 But you shouldn't have to like think about your preferences so much right， Just have them。

 if you like one girl more than another， as long as not for reasons that are going be damaging to you。

😊，Like it's as long as it's not like because it's a toxic relationship or something in general。

 if you like a grow more great， acknowledge that and go with it。 You don't need to like。

 really pick this apart。 It's gonna to happen very， very naturally。

 It's not something you have to work on。Okay， I'm going to go to some of these live questions。

 let's see here if I can。Hang on。U。This is kind of weird。 Okay， so if I scroll past a certain point。

 it kind of loses。 oh God， it has to refresh on that on the chat。 gotcha， gotcha。Okay。Okay。

 this is an interesting question， I'll answer it briefly。 is there a way to uncover。

 at least figure out when you're being shit tested in some cases I only figured it out after the fact。

In general， when you are shit tested， at least if it's like an effective shit test。

 it should feel a certain way。 like it should， it should kind of feel like suddenly。

The you're being challenged or suddenly you're you're under pressure whereas you weren't before or you should feel like you were very comfortable and suddenly you're you're like uncomfortable like the situation has。

Has has changed in a way that's not particularly helpful to you right when one of those things happens。

 it's not necessarily a shit test， but that's a good indicator。 a shit test may have happened。

 And and this actually goes to something。 I'm I'm I made a video about this thing。

 I'm going to reshoot parts of it。 so it won't be released for a little bit， but。

I made a video about this recently， which is emotions versus logic and the idea is that emotions should tell you or should indicate to you that maybe there's something to pay attention to or maybe there's something that needs to be done but then logic tells you what is to be done So if emotionally you feel that suddenly like there's been a jarring change in the interaction or suddenly you've lost your frame a little bit you should take sit up and take notice and it's quite possible that would be a shit test now you'd have to evaluate logically whether that's actually the case but it's quite possible it was a shit test and over time what's gonna happen is you're gonna become instinctive with this so that you're gonna have that emotional experience of this this just got out of control this just moved in a negative direction and you're going immediately respond without having to be like that's a shit test how do I pass a shit test let me pass a shit test it's just going to come naturally with practice so a lot of times I don't notice I'm being shit tested like if someone would say oh that shit test that go what shit test but still I passed it because I was passing it instinctively and I was understanding all the things that are going on So the fact that you can't notice a shit test and call it out in the moment。

It's completely fine as long as you handled it well。

 but if you can't notice it and you can't handle it， then that's something to work on。啊乜事。Okay。

 this is a good question and one that this should be asked。

 what are your thoughts on day game during coona times？So first of all。

 I'll say that everyone has their own like risk tolerance。 you and the girl both。

 And so that's the decision you need to make whether or not you're gonna be doing day game during corona times。

 I know a lot of people are。 And I know a lot of people aren't a lot of people are resortoring online or doing less dating or whatever。

 But that's a personal decision in terms of in terms of your own level of safety。

 But most people especially in the United States in particular， and most people don't give a shit。

 most people which is wish life was back to normal。

 like indicated by when people going back to going back to colleges， what are they doing。

 they're like gathering in these huge crowds and going to crowded parties and stuff like that。

 they don't care， they want to socialize etc。 And most girls kind of want to socialize。

 So as long as you don't have a health problem with it And as long as you don't have a moral problem with it by all means just do game as normal。

 only thing is。Open from a distance that is a socially correct distance so you don't make anybody nervous or upset on the open。

 And then once there's a good indicator， then you can maybe you know get closer most people。

 So everything in life， every risk in life， it's a question of risk and reward right so everything you do getting on an elevator is a risk。

 but is's a very small one getting in a car is a risk but it' is a relatively decent sized risk。

 but there's a reason you have to get in that car you have to get somewhere so you're just going take that risk and it's still a relatively minor risk for each individual car trip right but everything's a risk。

Every time we talk to someone like a stranger or whatever there's a risk of catching coronavirus and the risk is relatively low for each interaction And also if you're young and healthy it's relatively low that you you get serious serious adverse consequence from it but it does exist and so you're prioritizing for yourself and the girlss doing the same thing is the upside of this worth the downside So if you start in a way that minimizes the downside Ie talking from distance the upsides gonna be bigger than a downside much more commonly than not however as you interact and she likes you more。

 the upside is increased to the point that should be more willing to engage in talking to you closer and whatnot And again everybody because they have their own own level of risk I know guys during this time who have gone on multiple dates with a girl where they stayed six feet apart during the first couple dates and then they had sex on the third day it's definitely happened I know other people that have hoped up same night like tons of people have done that as well and that's just been what it is but you just need to gauge the girls's individual level but the fact of the matter is people still want to meet people probably more so than ever and attraction still is not a choice she's still going to get attracted to you if you're。

So you have a little bit of a logistical issue in terms of escalation and that's that's this one obstacle in game but it's counterbalanced by people being more lonely and more starve for interaction。

 and it's also counterbalanced by the fact that it gives you a a lot of things that you can do to be less available less needy that maybe will make make the move etca So there's pros and cons to both it's largely the same the only thing I would really say is you know start your interaction from a decent amount of space and be open to the fact that there may be a few people that are just like I don't want to talk to anybody will be a few people like that in the world but they're not gonna to be most people and especially if you're being respectful in keeping distance。

 most people will not be weird with you Another indicator is like people who are who are wearing masks have a lot bigger they're taking it obviously much more serious than people who aren't and so it's more likely you want to be at distance and they're gonna be like reserved which is kind of ironic for two reasons one because they are safer with the mask than not and to。

Because if if you are concerned for if you're concerned for health。

 you'd be you'd be more wanting to approach the people that are wearing masks。

 so that's a pro and con kind of a thing， but you can you can assess someone's attitude or where someone's at pretty quickly and most people would like life to be very normal so if you can facilitate that and facilitate social connection。

 they're going to be largely open to it。But obviously obviously be respectful and obviously follow local laws if there are gathering laws or distancing laws or things like that。

 definitely make sure that especially on the initial open when the girl hasn't said yes to you anyway yet or you whatever。

 make sure you're not getting into someone's space before that so for example。

 could I could see a situation where if if a girl was very concerned with coronavirus and you did an awkward approach to her and you also open from like one foot away from her and wouldn't wouldn't leave。

 wouldn't back up when she asked you to， I could see her like saying that's some kind of harassment and she would probably be right however if you did the same thing from six or eight feet which is like safe distance or whatever and then also if she was like can you step further back you were okay with it and you weren't rude and weren't invasive that would be a very different situation So obviously there's a right or wrong way to to do certain things。

Um。All right， so here I'll answer this one quickly too what are some practical ways we can quickly and accurately identify girls's blueprint without overstreting our own。

 for example， I'm more of an introvert and she's more of an extrovert。

Introvert extrovert doesn't necessarily isn't necessarily a big deal in fact。

 a lot of times an introvert dating and extrovert can be really really good because you handle some of the introvert side of things in the relationship。

 she handles some of the extrovert side of the things she forces you to get out and expand your comfort zone a little bit you actually make her a little more contemplative and like like help her with her her internal like self stuff right so that actually can be a really good really good match and and actually can fill gaps nicely so I wouldn't say it's necessarily a problem you。

But in general， on the blueprint thing， you have the things you like and do in life。

 and she has the things she likes does in life。 And what you want to do is you want to find where those two Venn diagrams meet。

 you want to find the intersection of those two。 So let's say， for example。

 you're really into sports and really into business and really into art and she hates sports she's into art and she's kind of into business Well。

 you can talk and hang out and do a lot of art stuff with her and some business stuff and then maybe you do the sports with your friends that are into sports and you just leave her out of it and who cares so you don't want to make up stuff you're not and you don't want to be doing things that you hate doing that are out of character but within the scope of the things that are in character that are within her blueprint。

 emphasize those more than the things that are in character that are out of her blueprint and if there are other things that you need or the things that are important。

 get them somewhere else or get them from someone else as well。

 you don't necessarily need to get everything。 you don't to get all your emotional nourishment from one person。

Um，Will the replay be available yeah， the replay should be available after I'm not sure how long the delay is。

 but yes， the replay will be available at some point。

So a question following up on the girl lowering her standards at the end of the night would the girlfield buy's remorse after or should would she see him again。

 it depends on the overall experience。 There are times when the girl lowers her standards and because of that puts the guy in a position of perceived value relative to her and sleeps with them And then the fact that she sleeps with them builds a connection and things can totally go well and all that kind of stuff those are the times when a girl would do that then like the guy actually like it showed or it's way but way。

 way below the standards that she normally wouldn't she just rolls over the next day's like what the fuck it could go either way。

 but it doesn't preclude it， the fact that the girl met you。

 the fact that you met in an opportunistic situation does not preclude you being a high value guy right just okay so let's say。

At the start of the night， she would only take a high value guy at the end of the。

 she'd take a high or medium high value guy just because you met her at the end of the night when she'd take higher medium high doesn't mean that you're inherently a medium high guy you could just you could still be a high value guy。

 So the one doesn't preclude the other however， because she would take those lower standard guys。

 there's a higher percentage that they do something dumb and fuck it up So that's really the answer。

 that's really the answer is that that the situation doesn't preclude it but there's a higher percentage where it will go awry because of it just because her filters are lower and so she's letting in more guys that wouldn't have normally pass the filter。

 So if you are one of those guys that wouldn't have pass the filter， that's a problem。

 But then again， if you were that guy in the other circumstance。

 you wouldn't even slept with her in the first place if you're a guy that's high enough to pass the filter。

 it will not affect your chances the fact that you met her during a time when the filter was a bit lower that won't be a factor。

啊。How to okay， how to motivate yourself to do tasks you don't enjoy。

 if feel like doing in order to achieve your overall goals。 Well。

 there's a few different things you can do。 One is。

 if you really do understand that they are for your overall goals， you can find meaning in it。

 That's a good thing to do。 So like， for example， maybe I don't enjoy going for runs。 but you know。

 I'm into soccer。 and I know it's gonna make my soccer better。

 And so I'll go for the runs right So maybe that' that's a thing。 And and I'll just do it。 Or maybe。

😊，I like winning at a particular game。And I know that I have to practice in order to win。

 so I practice in order to win because。Practicing is less painful than losing， right。

 So that that's one very easy way to do it。 But there are a lot of like tricks you can do if you really want to。

Like associating a positive thing with with a thing that's hard so let's say for example。

 like okay here's an example I just got a pool table and I love playing pool I love playing pool but playing pool is not the best use of my time right now I should be running my business and doing other things but maybe I'd like love to get up and just like start running racks a pool instead I know I have to work on my business so maybe what I'll do is I'll tell myself okay if I work work for 45 minutes I can play 15 minutes a pool and by doing that I get to do the pool that I wanted I feel accomplished and feel good about myself and still feeling like I'm wasting my time and also I'm doing the 45 minutes of work and also I'm taking an appropriate break which I should do in my work anyway like working hours and hours isn't very healthy。

 working 45 minutes and taking a break actually will probably make my work better as well so that's a nice synergy of all the different things where I've kind of combined it where I'm rewarding myself it's a thing that makes me feel good about myself and feel productive in those kind of things but also I get to do the things I want to do。

😊，Also I get to， you know， be successful in my business and have the resource and assets to keep having a house in a pool table so I can continue to play pool so that sort of stuff。

Let's see。嗯。嗯。Okay， scrolling up， scrolling up。Okay， so that's not a question。

This is a question I don't understand， but if you want to re ask it。

 how do you level up the girl from four and five to eight and nine， I don't understand that at all。

 do you mean how do you get higher quality girls anyway。

 if you want to reask that by by all means let me know， but I don't understand the question。U。嗯。

Same person as the previous question also don't understand this question I'll read it though you can re ask it if you'd like says since starting the service I managed to close a couple girls good job I'm happy about that says I'm leveling my circles however I'm not leveling the girls is it a value thing or in numbers game I don't understand what you mean by that do you mean like you're hanging out around hotter girls but you're not the girls you're actually sleeping with aren't getting hotter I don't understand the question but if you want to elaborate on those two questions I'll definitely try to answer them if you want to reask them。

Let's see。Okay， personal opinions。Okay。Questions， since comfort is such an easy thing to build。

 do women care more about value answer is yes at first at first， they do because of exactly that。

 because if you're trying to lead with comfort， you're not really standing out and any guy can do that if if he's committed enough value is something you have to be whereas comfort is just something you do So she cares more about whether you have the ability to do to be it before she before she worries about whether you're willing to do it。

 it's kind of like。It's kind of like say you had。Say you had an NFL football team and you're trying to get a wide receiver right and you have one guy who who can run like a 4340。

 but has a questionable attitude and you have one guy who can run a seven second 40。

 but has the greatest attitude in the world。It doesn't matter that he has the greatest attitude in the world because fundamentally。

 no matter how much attitude he has， he's not， he's just not fast enough to compete at that level。

 So there's a fundamental thing that he needs lacking。

 And so all the willingness and attitude in the world isn't gonna to do it。

 You'd take you'd take the punt on the fast guy and hope his attitude ends up being good enough for him to work work out for your team。

 just because you can absolutely say the other guys not。 Same thing。

 when you see a guy who seems low value but is willing to give comfort。

 you absolutely know that he's not the type of guy。 And so you immediately weed him out。

 whereas if you see a guy。U。Whats going say，Whereas if you see a guy who's high value。

 but might or might not do the comfort， you're gonna get to know him and find out about the comfort because there's a possibility。

 there's a possibility he'll have a willingness。 So yeah want the raw you want to make sure they have the raw talent and then you'll evaluate on the attitude afterwards or evaluate on the actual behavior afterwards。

 Sam thing for a job iss why people submit job resumes the first thing you do is with this with their resume。

 can they do the job and then you'll meet the person in person to find out if you like them as part of your team and you get along with them and there's a connection and they seem like like a good addition But the first thing is a resumes if the guys likable as hell。

 but he fundamentally can't do the job you're hiring them for you're not gonna hire him for that job。

 you might try and give him a different job， but you're not hiring him for that job if you fundamentally can't do the job。

嗯。I'm gonna answer this one very briefly。 It'' I have no idea because it's way too specific。

 but I'm gonna answer it real fast。 says if I got a number from a girl in a grocery shop message here talked it little。

 then she never replied。 And then I personally went to the same place and talked to her and still。

 she told me she's available to hang out with her schedule of of those days， Is she still into me。

 Are we gonna hang out at my part， Are we gonna hang out in my apartment。

 Should I go back in personally talk to her。I don't know。 I wasn't there。 Hard to say Hard to say。

 Ily， after having that second conversation， she would not flake on you。 that would unflake her。

 right each new in person interaction is almost like a fresh chance at the whole flaking thing。

 But you know she might be if especially at work， she might just be being polite to you。

 who knows it's really hard to say it's really hard to know。

 I do know that the in personson interactions are a good way to get over flaking。

 but you you got to limit if you're going back every single day and it's becoming creepy。

 don't do that either。 But yeah， in general， what I will say is if you have a situation where there's a girl who you have a way to regularly me in person and she happens to be flaking instead of continue with text after text and looking really needy。

 maybe drop the text for a bit and then just go bump into bump into her accidentally in person again。

 And and by doing that you can resuscitate things。 Sos that's a good strategy in general。

 But as far as this particular case， I have no idea。 I don't know the situation。

 there's not nearly enough information in there for me to form any kind of real assessment。

Online dating best way and when to transition to a phone number I would say as early as possible as early as you reasonably think you can。

 you should be getting off the app and into the next step going back and forth and back and forth and messaging is really not good so as soon as you're getting solid interest and an indication that plans are at least a theoretical possibility。

 I would be closing very shortly after that。I'll say there's a question about like competing products and stuff like that in general。

 I don't tend to answer those kind of questions for a lot of different reasons。

 some business reasons， some just like it's not really you don't really want to talk about people behind their back that kind of stuff kind of question。

 So I'm I'm gonna not answer that one especially in a public forum if you have personal questions like if you'd want to ask me those as on a more more oneoff basis。

 you can send them to me。 but again， I usually don't comment on other people。

 I like to just kind of do my own thing and provide value and let that be enough。

 I think talking badly about other people is is not good talking well about people that are indirect competition to you as stupid。

 So it's just usually better to just like do your thing and not not really acknowledge the other stuff other people unless you can unless you absolutely have to。

 so sorry in terms of like responding to questions about other people in the industry。

 I'm just gonna largely not answer them unless there's a strong thing to begin gained from doing so。

Um。啊。So says hey， Todd how do you continue to practice game without being the main priority in life but remaining consistent。

 you don't need that much time， I mean， if you were to dedicate。

A total of maybe three to four hours a week to game and just go out and do approaches during that time and and be consistent to follow up with the girls and stuff like that that's more than enough to be making growth as long as you're you're being smart about the time you're putting in consistency is really the biggest thing and then making sure that you're。

Giving your best when you do it and then giving a real honest sense assessment afterwards of what you did and what you can improve the next time。

 it's the quality of practice matters more than the quantity obviously quantity is good。

 but quality matters more than quantity and just pure quantity won't get the job done。

Should you use professional post pictures on Tinder or does that just hurt you for being try hard。

 I have no problem with using a professional post picture or even a couple it would be nice to have a candid one or two mixed in there as well so you don't look like your only professional photos。

 although I have had Tinder profiles that were only professional photos that work totally fine the major thing is if you if you fundamentally look your best there are girls that will swipe on you for sure。

H。Someone just said I saw the video or debate series Milton Friedman had for free to choose。

 haven't read the actual book in your opinion， would just say the videos are sufficient。

 I don't know I haven't seen those videos。 I know Miltons Friedman's a very smart guy and I assume the things he said in his debates are probably very on point and whatnot but I't I can't refer to something I haven't seen。

 but you probably get at least a decent taste of it and a lot of good points from it for sure。U。嗯。

So as being a person that has multiple companies， what are some solutions to managing multiple organizations？

I would say generally， even if you have multiple things。

 you probably should have a primary thing or primary focus because they're never going to be equally weighted like you're gonna to have one company that's just a better company or more worth your time more valuable and whatnot you want to make sure to give it that it' proper due so prioritization is very big getting getting people to do the things that you are not best at or the things that。

That that other people can do that frees you up to do the more high value things is really。

 really good in getting getting a good crew of people around you and understanding your own weaknesses。

I have a kind of a interesting theory in life that you' you'll raise you'll rise to the level of your weaknesses and they will catch up to you so for example。

 for me。In school， I was really good with just the academic part， the idea part。

 all the all the execution of concept and learning part I was really good at one thing I was terrible at in school was organization I was super disorganized I I was a kid that never brought a pencil to class I was when we had a thing in middle school where we had to like。

😊，Keep a daily planner and keep a schedule。 I was absolutely horrendous at that I found it the biggest waste of time for me。

 etc ceter。 it just it just did not work。 it felt like like it was harder for me to write down that I needed to do a task than it was to just do the task and then not have to write it down because it's done now so I absolutely hated it and I got away with it for a really long time because I' am very smart and good at school and that kind of stuff but then in business so I got away with it because I could manage my own work and workflow and I I could always like even if I like procrastinated massively I was behind I could always scrap together something pretty good pretty quickly because like relatively talented and smart but when it came to managing other people's workflows like in business that was a huge problem so like for example。

 if I'm making a video product。And I have to shoot the videos。

 but then we have to get the editing done and the site made and all these other things。

I could be disorganized and procrastinated then rush it all out on my own。

 but I can't rush on behalf of all these other people。

 and I can't make them produce something in a rush manner。

 So I had to learn to an extent to schedule not for myself。

 but for them to have a staff working under me so I could be more efficient and because I'm inherently not very good at scheduling。

 and what what I ended up doing was hiring people to keep schedules and keep things organized and stuff like because I realized that's just not my strength。

 that's not what I'm the best at。 And so I got people to do that for me to the extent that I can And so finding finding the holes and finding the gaps in what you do well and finding people that can do them is really good and in business。

 there are certain things that you'll do better than everyone。

 And yet you still need someone else to do it just because there are other things you do even more better but。

There are some things that someone and your staff can just flat out do better than you knew should absolutely。

 absolutely hire out for those。Pan。😔，Okay。Did it know。哦。Okay。

 so here's here's the follow button I says what I meant by the question you didn't understand is how do I know when the girl's values are just too different from mine versus I should try more try and train the behaviors I like like how do I know if the girl is too different from me or I'm being too picky I would actually use similar to I mention a different question in a different context。

 the idea of value and comfort， and then I mention the idea of a job candidate。

 the resume versus the interview。If the girl has the resume you're looking for like she has the capability to be certain things。

 I would invest some time in training her if she doesn't seem capable of them。

 then I wouldn't so for example， if a girl seems like really smart and talented and can can can ban her and and do all those kind of things but。

Maybe isn't as into some activities as I am that I would love to do together with a girlfriends。

 I would take some time and like do those activities a bit with her。

 or I might even compromise be like you do this with me。

 I'll do this with you because it just matters to me and I might be willing to work it out or to do some effort on that。

 But something like if the girl fundamentally just isn't smart enough to keep up with me in conversation。

 that's very hard for me to train。 that's something that either is an IQ thing or something that should have been trained by your parents and teachers from a young age and and she's just way behind on is can be hard for me to get her to catch up。

 So that's a thing where she lacks the talent or the ability to be what I want。

 and that I wouldn't try and train because you can't you can't really train the talent or the ability but you can train the willingness or the proclivity a lot more or another one is like if a girl is pretty sexually an experience。

 but you want a girl good in bed， you can certainly teach your girl to be good in bed and the training process is actually fun in terms of that because even if it's not perfect sex X is just generally fun。

 So there's certain things I'm willing to train。 and it has to do more with。

Viewpoint or history or exposure or willingness stuff。

 but when it comes down to ability stuff like she just flat out doesn't have the ability。

 I'm not as willing to train that or if a girl's flat out like not attractive enough。

 there's not much you can do about that mean do plastic surgery I guess but it's not really a good option so yeah so what I ask is does she have the capability if so I'll work a little bit to try and like you know work with her to mold her into the ideal girlfriend and I'll work a little bit to mold myself into her ideal boyfriend if she's really worth it but if she's just fundamentally lacking the ability then it's a non-starter。

Okay， what are some examples of how to apply narrative in online and text game General。

 the biggest use of narrative in in those is going to be the profile and photos in in online so in your profile and photos you are creating a narrative You are telling a visual and word story of yourself you are putting out who you are and that's going to be the catalyst in the starter for her attraction to and also the catalyst started for all the messages that come after it So the most effective example of narrative is to ask yourself with every photo in your profile and every you write in your profile。

 what am I trying to convey by this， what is the story I'm telling how is she going perceive this and every single thing should have an answer and should have a good answer in terms of anything that doesn't have an answer should be left out。

 Anything has a bad answer should be left out。嗯。Okay， what are。

 let me see how more how much more this we have。 We have quite a lot more。 Okay， I'm gonna。

 I'm gonna answer a few more from here， And then I'm gonna skip ahead a little bit just because there are a ton。

 like an absolute ton of questions here。ok系安。Let scrollcro back up to where I was as I was checking through this。

All right。Some of these are super hyper specific like this when age triess to identify whether a girl prefers older guys。

 for example， a girl has an older father。U this is。Kind of irrelevant。

Cause you are the age you are period period， you can't change your age unless you're gonna lie about it。

 And so like you are the age you are， who cares if she likes older guys or doesn't like older guys。

 just make her like you' that's kind of a little bit to me。

 a little bit of a mental masturbation question because who cares。

 There are girls that are not in older guys that will still date you if you're older。

 there are girls who are into older guys will still date you if you're younger if you know you're coming across the right way。

 so I wouldn't be particularly worried about it。 And I wouldn't be looking for signs of this but just if if they come up naturally you know utilize them that's how most a blueprint should be。

 you shouldn't be like mining for blueprint and trying to figure everything you just have the interaction be as attractive as possible。

 She's gonna be giving so many signs of a blueprint all the time， you will be left。

 no doubt about it it's not a hard thing to figure out。Okay。hu。嗯。

I don't know with this question how to kiss a girl wearing a mask。

 don't you don't kiss the girl wearing a mask， you wait until there's comfort and you kiss without a mask。

ok。あ。Sorry， I'm， I'm trying to roll forward to some some of the other ones。

 I'm sure you go to some of the more recent ones here。 Will we get the recording。 Yes， you will。

 at that we put on， it'll put in an accessible way for you。Is intelligence critical to game if so。

 how can you get better at it， I'd say like baseline minimal level of intelligence absolutely is like being totally dumb probably is not good。

 unfortunately， like if you are that but the fact that you can write that sentence you're probably smart enough to game。

So yes， there is a general general level of competence like being able to handle yourself in life and handle yourself in the world is an attractive quality and is fairly necessary in game and you should work on that。

 but you definitely don't need to be able to do like calculus to be good at game and you definitely don't need to be able like you know be a genius to be good at game or anything like that or even like really at average intelligence you' be even below average intelligence to be good at game you just can't be like way。

 way， way， way， way， way， way below average intelligence because then it's going to start to show up in other areas like you're looking competence you're going to like you know not be able to to be as successful and have some of the ancillary things that might come with being more intelligent in life。

What are you some of your favorite resources books or podcast for online business growth。

 I like books。 I like audiobooks a ton that's probably my go to。

 if I really want to learn something useful I don't typically go to YouTube or podcast or stuff like that first I'm a really big fan of books because I think that when someone writes a book they really S down and put their best material in a structured way and I think that's highly highly valuable and actually I mentioned audiobooks。

 but I'm actually more and more these days， I'm a fan of like actual paper books because most books are a lot of fluff even good books or a lot of fluff and I could be a lot more efficient by just like flipping through and reading the parts that are the most important especially in a wellorganized book so you save you pay more sometimes and it takes a longer delivered which is pain in the but but you save a lot of time into adjusting the book by being able to skim through it and speedread certain parts just skim over other parts and then read in depth the parts that are most interesting to you in most books So I'm a fan。

Of real actual paper books for that reason。嗯。嗯。Let's see。ok。All right， so there's an interesting。

 I'm dating mostly online and closing the deal around 80% half the cases on the first date。

 The issue isn't quite often with the girls that I like。

 I become needy and things are disappearing girls are grossing you texting。

 let's be friends how to prevent it you already answer your own question be less needy if it's specifically the girls you like are flaking and the girls you don't care about or not flaking treat the girls you like more like you're treating the girls that you're just kind of like whatever with because that's a clear indicator or at least a very likely indicator that neediness is the thing if there wasn't such a clear trend like if there wasn't a pattern there。

 it'd be a lot harder to assess and I'd say some girls are flaky some girls aren't it has to do with the amount of comfort it has to do with how much time you spent but if it's clearly that the girls you're more into are flaking after sex more often then you need to treat the girls you're into after sex a lot more how you treat the girls that you're a little less into after sex。

Pretty similar， pretty pretty simple。 Get rid of the neediness。嗯。Okay。

 I'm going to ask answer maybe one or two more and then we're gonna call it for this one by the way。

 we're gonna to have the next one， probably about a month from now out and we're gonna continue doing them so there'll be a few more of these。

 youll have some more opportunities to get your questions answered as well hopefully you guys have enjoyed the questions that we have have chosen here and again for largely you guys chosen by voting them up。

嗯。Okay， so we've actually gotten through most of them as as I read through it。

 So we've actually gotten most of them， that's good。 Okay， so in that case。

 I'm going to take two more questions from the the prere from the the beforehand that were out voted well because we've gotten through with the majority of the live questions。

 I think。 So we'll take two more of of the previous questions。 Let's see where were we at on this。😊。

Okay。If a girl says she's looking for a casual thing， what will make her want a relationship instead。

 you being high value and a better option than whoever else she can get lots and lots of girls think they want something casual or they'll okay。

 first of all， girls will say they want something casual when they don't number one。

 because they don't to seem too needy than what seem invested。

 So a lot of girls fundamentally would like something more serious。

 but they'll say they want something casual。 Also， a lot of girls want something more serious。

 but they want it to start casual because guys get needy and trying to make it really serious really fast and that makes them uncomfortable。

 So a girls saying she wants it casual does not mean she necessarily wants it casual。

 it just means that there are all these factors that indicate that that seems like the right thing for her to say in order to get what she actually needs。

 Okay， so understand that that there's a big difference between actually want it to be casual and saying they want it to be casual。

But in terms of if you want a relationship with a girl or you want a girl to want more with you。

 the answer is be a higher value to her and be better in comparison to whatever her other options are。

 if you're a better option than any other guy she can be with。

 she's gonna want more with you if you're a less good option she's gonna want less with you。

 That's the fundamental answer to all this is what are you providing It's like people focus a lot in business about how can you present this or how can you negotiate for this extra1 and half percent or this or that of the other But fundamentally the most important thing you can do in business is have a product people at once and have a way of getting it to them if you do that。

 you can do a lot of things wrong in business and still get by if you don't do that。

 you can do a lot of things right in business and still fail So fundamentally be a product that she can once。

' that's the answer to this is provide enough value That's how you get a girl to want a relationship with you period。

嗯。How to deal with the girls on the periods， one if it happens during the initial interaction or two if they say it once they've already come out on a date。

Shouldn't be a problem。 Number one，' I've slept with plenty of girls that have periods and it's not been a problem as long as this's not a problem for you and it's not an embarrassment for them。

 it's fine。 sometimes to have sex with them in the shower， sometimes lay lay a towel down。

 who knows whatever if you're willing to do that， by all means do that if not。

 then or if she seems really particularly like like doesn't want to do it or whatever。

 just do the most you can without it。 So， for example。

 if she has a period and you don't want to have sex or she doesn't want to have sex for that reason。

 make out she can give you blow job。 she can hand job whatever if you want to either or finger her ideally make her come in ways other than sex so that she knows you know what you're doing。

 just make it a good overall experience and don't be super pushy for it whether or not you end up having sexes。

 don't be pushy for it， you should generally be fine if you give a girl a good experience。

 so but it really shouldn't be a big deal one way or another。

I have I know a lot guys have issue with it and if you have an issue with it because you think it's gross whatever that's a different thing。

 but in terms of like effectiveness and starting a relationship。

 I've never really had an issue with it personally I've been able to get by it virtually always。Okay。

 this is actually a good， a good final question to end on。

I'll actually I'll answer these next two questions。 So first one for the last two questions。

 the first one is。Can you show or teach us some ways techniques or alignance to get the girl to logically agree that she likes me to get verbal compliance from her？

Um so。嗯。Some， some ways to do it are just to point out so if she's she's doing things that indicate she likes you。

You could say so like， you like me the sweet thank you or something like that。

 Or you could ask a question。 that's not do you like me。 But but like， so we know， obviously we're。

 we're having a good time went。 I'm just curious because X， Y Z， When did you first。

 When did you first decide you like me， something like that， that can be a good thing。

 that would be more something， maybe after sex or more something where。😊。

Where there's already been at least some， some escalation or acledgment。

 maybe after kissing or something like that， but something like that when it's， it's clearly good。

 you're just acknowledging and mentioning the fact that it is' clearly good。

 And that's gonna be an agreed upon fact。Sometimes like she can she'll say something kind of like teasing。

 teasing insulting， which isn't really hurting you or whatever。 but you could just be like。

 oh my God， that was harsh。 I might need a genuine compliment now and you get her to give you a compliment or get give you a reason why she likes you and that's cementing for her the reasons or cementing for her that she does like you。

Excuse me。 So those are different things you can do。Another thing you can do actually。

 is if you do any kind of like a pull away。Where you actually like withdraw your attention and she feels that lack。

 and then she does effort to get it back。 That's maybe not verbally logically acknowledging she likes you。

 But the fact that she's taking action in your favor is a really good acknowledgeknowment that something is there。

 So that's another big one that I would say comes up a lot。Okay。

 final one here says infield videos show technique， but generally that's it。

 What are good filler conversation topics that aren't boring such as where she works， the weather。

 etc。 So what he means by just show technique， it means it's showing like the high points of the interaction and showing the game parts of the interaction。

 And there are two reasons for that why infield does that a lot One is that it makes it a lot more interesting and entertaining。

 The second one is that that's what most guys struggle with。

 Most guys are a lot better at having the boring conversation than they are at doing the gamey elements of conversation And so that's what most people need the most of in terms of how to have boring conversation without being boring。

😊，The first answer is don't bore yourself。 So talk about things you actually care about right if you're truly bored by a conversational topic。

 switch off of it and talk to the girl in general the way you would a good friend or someone who you're having an engaging conversation with the other thing is that if the topics are escalating if the topics are getting more and more and more intimate that makes them unborning because they're also building sexual attention over time your storytelling and sexual attention building that comes from the non-gay stuff actually will build a lot of value and will carry you a lot in game So getting your baseline effective is good but you don't want to be talking about stuff that bores you。

 if you're bored in the conversation get out of that topic or change the topic or teas on it or whatever and you can even be like wow。

 that's boring topic or much too interesting people for that and then something else if you have to that's overt。

 but it's better than staying in the boring it's better if you switch seamlessly but just don't stay on topic that bore you and if the girl seems to be getting bored to get off that topic as well And I mentioned kind of the escalation of topics the whole getting closer and closer and closer to sex。

That's a good roadmap is that you want the topics to escalate。

 you want the topics to get more intimate more personal over time。

 and then you also want to talk about the things you're passionate about。

 So if there's something you're really into， even if you don't think it's the greatest conversation。

 the fact that you're into it will come through and will make it at least decent conversation even if it'snerdyier even if it's not the best So talk about stuff you want to talk about meaning things you enjoy talking about things that are fun or funny or interesting to or things that are building the tension and making the interaction better and the fact that it's better makes you want to talk about it but yeah don't talk about stuff you don't want to don't do filler just like say no to filler so to speak talk to the grow the way you would a good friend with the sex thing just being a layer on top of it So hopefully that helps in general I do know actually in verbal game when it does come out we will have a little more of the filler type conversation as well as obviously a ton of the technique conversation in there。

 So that might help with that as well So that's to come not sure the exact release state of that。

 but it is it's ready to release or just waiting for the right time so。😊，When that does come out。

 that'll be a good answer to that question as well。

All right guys thank you so much for tuning in those of you have。

 thank you for submitting the questions the rest of you and thank you for viewing this later for those of you who fit neither of the previous categories。

 I appreciate you all I hope you've enjoyed it or do enjoy it and I will talk to you and see you again on next month's installment till then take care。

😊，Take care。