# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：01.感知和价值：5情感关联_4 Why Perception Matters【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Okay， so why does this matter， Why does this phenomena matter， there's two reasons for you。

First reason is you get what you focus on。So as you're going through today's event。

I want you to be focused on the right things， so today and tomorrow 11 hours of learning time in total。

😡，There's going to be a lot of information thrown at you right。

 there's going to be a ton There's no way you're possibly going to grasp it all by all means try and take notes by all means you guys are going to be able to rewatch this later so you can always go back and focus on different sections of it because you're not going be able to take it all in in one sitting。

😡，But I do want you to get the most out of it with every sitting and the most out of it in general。

 so with that said， I want you all to think about what your own personal goals and what your own personal focus are okay so every single one of you when you signed up for this course。

 you had a particular idea in your mind， maybe it's an idea of a question that you thought would be answered in the course that you really wanted to get the answer to or maybe it's an idea of like a vision of yourself and who you want to be and you thought okay。

 this course can help me turn into that person or maybe there's a particular pain point or sticking point that you've had that you really want to get over。

Whatever that is， I want you to think about what is your one thing。

 What is your one thing that if you could get it out of these two days out of this course。

 that would make the whole thing worth it in and itself like that would be worth the price of admission all by itself and as we're going。

 I want you to be primed be ready to pay attention to that thing So if the thing you're the thing maybe your thing is that you've you know that you've gotten picked on and you're timid and shy anytime we talk about timidity or shyness or social pressure or any of that kind of stuff。

 maybe that should like light up a bell for you and you should be thinking about that or if we're talking about like self-discipline and habits maybe a lot in day two if you have particular habits that you know are bad habits and you really want to get over those and have more high value habits in your life that's something you should be focused on So I want you to think what is your one thing the other thing this is gonna help you with not only in terms of digesting the program is that because you guys are on here live and because you guys can ask me questions and also because you'll be able。

To ask questions on the Facebook and on the followup sessions that we're gonna to we're going four followup sessions after this as well because of all that your questions will dictate some of the content right so if you know what you're focused on you're gonna know what to ask questions about so number one I want you to be focused on the right things so that you will get the most out of this presentation So that's number one number two reason why this matters so yeah right your number one desired takeaway I've kind of got ahead of myself there。

😊，But yeah I would like you to actually write it down I gave you this this idea of what is your one thing actually do write it down because at the end of this year I not going remember it so please go ahead write it down etcter。

😊，The other thing though， that's very important for this selective focus characteristic is this is how game works game basically works。

 especially things like cold approach or things like online dating which is very much like marketing and you have to get someone's attention。

 that's sort of an endeavor。Getting people to focus on the right things。

 getting people to focus on the things you choose rather than the things they would naturally choose is going to be incredibly useful you know。

 if you're the one choosing the emphasis if you're the one choosing the nature of the conversation you're having。

 if you're the one choosing what is of value， if you're dictating value in the conversation。

 you're going to be a much better situation and a much better position。😡。

So that is a big part of how gameWork says something we're going keep coming back to over and over again is these little perception triggers these ideas of how you're being perceived and how different aspects of you。

 different events can trigger these different effects in someone else that you're interacting with。

