# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：5.拒绝心理_5 Mentality Toward Rejection【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is something that most of us know already in game。 So we're going go through this quickly。

 but the way that I like to look at rejection is that every rejection is a learning experience。

 every rejection is a positive。 and this is one of those things that is very true in business and very true in life and very true in game obviously the best mentality is take for me is that the mentality that game is much like sales and the way I would look at it is say you're doing。

 for example， phone sales and you have to call prospects and most of them don't know who you are。

 most of them aren't going to buy from me， most of them are going to hang up no matter how good your sales pitches Now your goal is to make your sales pitch really good and your goal is to sell as many of us as you can。

 but you should realize that no matter how good you get。

 there's a certain amount of numbers game that is going be in effect。

 And so every time you pick up the phone and get a rejection。

You could be down on yourself and you could be negative and you could be thinking I'm a loser， I saw。

 etc ceter， or you could be thinking， I have you know a five calls to one close ratio。

 I've just picked up my phone。 I got rejected。 okay， that's one of five picked up my phone。

 got rejected two of five right and it's not going to be exactly one of five you're not going to get the sale on the fifth call or something like that。

 but just keeping that mentality and understanding that that failures are the way to success right in in pretty much anything in life。

 you have to push your limits， you have to go to a level of failing at something or you are not going to improve。

Okay， so the mentality I look at for， for failure in terms of doing approaches is there's X amount of sets to get a good set。

 And that goes down over time， right When I first started a game。

 maybe it was 50 sets to get a girlfriend。 And then it became 15， then it became 5。

 and then it became， you know， a very， very small number right So that's what you wanted to to grow towards。

 you want to improve that numbers game。 But it always is gonna be that case。

 And and every time that you did your best work and got rejected， you learn from it。

 you grew from it， and it was productive and and useful again。

 you should build self-estteem from that。 even if you didn't develop others esteem from。From that。

 this is just a quote that I really like this actually from Zig ziggler。

 the late great zig ziggler and speaking with rejection with with respect to rejection and sales。

 failure is an event， not a person。 So， yes， you failed sometimes but you are not a failure because you failed。

 I think that really encapsulates it about as well as you possibly could。

