# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：08.前进的道路：1游戏的目标设定和路线图_1 Goal-Setting and Roadmap for Game【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

And what I would ask is for people to be accountable to a very simple plan and so I ask a series of questions and the big thing in the answers to these questions is you should do this for yourself。

 but this is a stepping stone to the life goal stuff we're going to work on as well but the question the answers you give to these questions should be conservative So when I ask you how many days you're going go out and and work on your game or if it's online how many days you're going like send messages or try and go on dates or whatever。

You should be conservative。 do it in a way that it's not gonna like make you lose your job because you're doing too much。

 do it in a way that's not gonna to drive you crazy and burn you out in the first week。

 you should not be messaging girls for8 hours a day online。

 That's ridiculous right It should be for like， you know， maybe you set aside an hour。

 half an hour or two hours a day two hours is already pretty extensive but like half an hour a day for messaging girls。

 maybe up to an hour a day as you're getting good at it。

 something like that and you just make it a part of your life。

 you make it a continuous funnel that gets easier and easier for you something like that would be would be a starting place okay。

So the first question and this is for live。 we can adapt it to on line1 Now。

 first question would be how many days a week can you conservatively go out。 And again。

 this is how often you can go out without negatively impacting the rest of your life？

 you're not gonna lose your job you're not gonna lose all your other friends you're not gonna gain 30 pounds because you stop going to the gym。

 how often can you go out conservatively and ideally， if you can。

 I suggest at least three days a week， because there you're minimizing the time in between sessions if you say two days a week you go out Friday and Saturday now you have five days of not doing game and then two days of doing game and five days of not doing it you're developing this habit。

 whereas if you could even add like a half hour session on a Tuesday now the longest time you're going in between sessions is two and a half days or so as opposed to five and that's gonna be tremendously better for you so I really recommend that recommend how many days can you go out conservatively that you can hit every single time。

 I'd rather you say two or I'd rather say three at least even if it was two。

 I'd rather say two and actually do it then say six and not do it。

so it needs to be something that you think you absolutely can hit， absolutely will hit right。

 conservative， conservative conservative， much rather you build the habit and then expand on it than that you have trouble building the habit。

Second question I would ask， and this is personal to everybody would be。

How many approaches are you gonna do when you go out And this can be different for a day game or night game or maybe like if if you're messing girls。

 if you took it to that， it could be like how many。

 how many girls are you gonna like at a minimum like or how many how long are you gonna swipe something like that。

 you can do a time goal as I'm gonna go for two hours or three hours or something like that。

 But only if your past approach anxiety。 if you have approach anxiety。

 do a numbers goal number of approaches if you approach anxiety。

 if you're really good at game you can go out for two hours， three hours and trust yourself to do it。

 just be honest with yourself and you know which category you are So often often you're gonna go out conservatively without ruining your life。

 Secondly， how many hours or how many approaches you gonna do conservatively。

 it should be easy to stick to not hard。 It's much more important you stick to it than that it is over the top amazing from the get go。

 Okay habit matters more than degree。Okay， so how many approaches， so how often how many approaches？

The next one， and this is where it gets really interesting。 And the question is。

What qualifies as an approach to you， What is your bare minimum standard that you did a good job right。

 So for example， if you're to translate says online， you're going message four girls a day。 Well。

 if you' just message high to four girls a day， you didn't do a good job that was not the bare minimum standard right So maybe it's if you convey some mandawo premise。

 then you counts。 Or maybe if you ask for a number then it counts or maybe for me。

 it's not even about following the process， it's about if I did。

 you know something something polarizing or witty enough to be out of the ordinary and set me apart。

 if I didn't do that， I didn't put proper effort into the set so。

What is your criteria for bare minimum you expect from yourself for it to qualify as an approach And then next one is what do you what is your bare minimum for what do you consider a success in an approach and this will change as you get better at first。

 just doing the approach maybe a success because you got of your approach anxiety and you should celebrate that and remember winner effect remember the idea that if you make it too hard to succeed。

 then you're not gonna have successes and you're gonna to have negative winner effect you're going to feel like you're losing all the time it's gonna suck if you make it too easy。

 you're gonna fall out of flow and you're going get bored So you want to make it so that you're succeeding often。

 but not always right So what is a victory for you at first just talking maybe a victory get and then maybe getting a 30 second conversations a victory and then eventually getting a phone number could be a victory eventually getting a date can be a victory etc so。

You want to have a level of victory where you're winning it somewhere between 30% to 70% of the time right where that's what you consider a victory。

 That's what you consider your average approach。 And obviously as you get better at game。

 that's gonna higher and higher and higher。 And then the goal is to do this absolute bare minimum thing。

 but be super religious about it。 So if you were， if it's， you know， three days a week。

 half hour a day， I don't care that you， you know， if you go if you go six hours one day great。

 That's fine。 but。UmIt's most important to just stick with it because as soon as youre， oh。

 I don't have to do it today， it doesn't matter now。

 then you start slipping so you want to you want to do a habit that you absolutely totally can stick to and you want to make it as easy for yourself as possible。

And hopefully it's something emotionally compelling for you。

 usually in this kind of situation we don't have to deal with how emotionally compelling it is because it's someone that's just coming off ofm a boot camp or an immersion or something like that and so they obviously have committed to this area of their life and they've pushed really hard for it okay so。

You want to you want to be setting up those right or proper guidelines to make it as easy for you to do as possible。

 So that's an example of a very easy game habit。 And what you want to do even beyond that is come up with the times you're gonna do it So maybe Thursday during your lunch break。

 It's in your schedule and that's when you do it or Wednesday night this time to this time is when you do and you have it planned aside you have it in your schedule and ideally it's almost like a natural outgrowth for for example。

 when I was doing when I was kind of relearning game or revamping my game after I'd been a pickup coach and then a poker player was going back to being like a pickup coach what I did was every single day I went to the gym from the time I left my house the time I went back in my house I had to do three approaches and so me leaving the house was my cu to be in that mode and if I hadn't done my three approaches。

 I wasn't allowed I wasn't allowed to reenter the house until I had done my three approaches So that's a habit that is triggered on another existing habit because I was already going to the gym that was a habit I already had and I was。

It to make this other habit a doable reality。 so that's that's a little bit about the procedure。

 So that's an example of some of the characteristics and a habit。

