# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：11.问答：问答5_Q&A #4【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I'm still trying to understand if my being high value is the same as offering value in business。

 for instance， does Ts being a high value individual impact the value I receive from value masterclass as a customer。

 Does Jeff Bezo's value affect the value I receive when I shop at Amazon。

 I'm sure there's a link and that they're both related。

 but I would love help in making the connection。So I would say that there's the answer is actually less so than than you're implying by this I don't think that you're getting extra value from your purchase at Amazon because Jeff Bess is a high value person not really you're getting the value of the product and you're getting the value of Amazon service and that kind of stuff you're youre not you're not benefiting from Jeff Bezo's social value that's not helping it anyway however。

 if someone does make a good company if someone does make a good product。

 the definition almost of a good company or a good product is the ability to help a lot of people and therefore then be paid for that help。

So in that sense， you are now in the case of this I'm literally teaching you value。

 I would certainly hope that me being a high value person will help you to have more value and achieve more out of it because otherwise if I were teaching this and I were like zero value myself like you know there'd be nothing for me to teach so in this case。

 yes， me being high value is probably central to value masterclass and I certainly hope you perceive me that way because hopefully that's why you're here but Jeff Bezos is having social value probably doesn't mean much however。

 within within the business if you were working in the business him having social value could help him negotiate better contracts for the business and make the business more successful or if you are partner with the business you having him as an ally could be more useful because he has that social value etc and him being socially intelligence and able to manage a team better motivate better or inspire better might help with running the business So there are a lot of these traits of high value with women and traits of high value socially that do transfer over to business for sure but yeah。

It's not like it there's this kind of like or an ethos that gets like you know transplanted from one person onto everything they touch or something like that that's kind of that's kind of taking it a little bit far but a lot of these things are useful in business I would say for the most part if you want to take the skills of game to business what you want to do is take out obviously the parts that are specifically manda woman because that's not relevant instead of that instead of that premise of Manda woman have a different premise that is a irrelevant business premise because every communication has a premise but the premise is manda woman in game the premise is something different in business for example shared value or mutually beneficial like arrangements or contracts or something like that could be the premise in business you want to take that out and then the other thing you want to do is you want to tone down the being polarizing and you want to tone up well for initial advertising maybe can be polarizing and stuff but for doing business ongoing having relationships you want to really tone up the offering value and providing to relationships。

And the idea of over delivering and leaving people very satisfied。

There's this concept in negotiating that if you could negotiate for a 9010 solution where you get 90% of the value though this side gets 10。

 maybe you should negotiate for that， but then you should give them a little bit back at the end。

 give them 1515 instead the 10 at the end， because that way they're going to walk away from it and not feel like they got totally used in the negotiation and then they'll do business with you the next time also So instead of doing 19010 negotiation。

 maybe you do maybe do an 8020 or 8515 negotiation over and over and over again and on net that's a much better value。

 So you do want to think a lot more long termm and strategically and you want to think a lot more about real tangible value being offered rather than social or perceived value when it comes to a business because eventually the business is about doing the business。

 if you could apply the 8020 rule to this masterclass of value。

 what would you focus on what exercises should we start practicing。

 I would say I've given you maybe a total of I want to say like between five and 10 exercises in total that I've said specifically do this as an exercise。

 this is very important， that sort of thing。Um， so what I would say is。Pick from those。

 but pick the one that you seems that seems most congruent to you。

 So as you look through maybe list of those exercises， think what am I doing the most wrong。

 Am I constantly qualifying myself， Okay， do the exercise of trying to you know。

 not qualify myself and move through life that way， Am I constantly like shooting on myself。

 And I should this， I should that， etc cetera， or am I constantly talking down on myself。

 Well then do the exercise that's related to that。But I would definitely recommend doing one inner game exercise of some kind at least don't try and do like six of those at once just pick one really good inner game exercise。

 one kind of area of focus relating to inner gameme that you can you can hammer on and then the other thing and this is what we're going talk about at the end of this is I want each and every one of you and that's the next thing we're gonna do I believe maybe one more thing in between which pretty much the next thing we're going to do。

Is we're gonna try and come up with an aspirational high value goal and an aspirational high value habit that goes along with that goal that we can start working on and start you know motivating you towards keeping you accountable for over the next few months as we do follow up and as we work through in the group and and do Q and A sessions and that kind of stuff so I would work going to pick the one innergame exercise you think is most relevant to you and then I would pick the exercise。

 the takeaway exercise of building a habit that we're gonna work on here at the end。

 and then beyond that I would focus on just like having the understanding and just noting when these situations arise in life because the first part of developing new new knowledge。

 new behaviors， whatever is recognizing the relevance and recognizing where they come up in life。

 So as you go through life， you're gonna to start seeing different dynamics play out。

 you're gonna to start seeing situations where someone's paying attention to somebody or not paying attention or another and it's changing the dynamic we're gonna give you these goals to work on and so we'll start motivating you and pushing you in that direction and I was talking about awareness so you're gonna to start seeing high value behaviors you're going to start recognizing them。

In in life and start seeing how these things apply。

 And so that's that's going to naturally kind of just filter into your behaviors hopefully in a lot of different ways。

 But I would say focus on one inner game and one outer game thing the outer game thing will kind of give you the inner game thing you can choose from a small list and I'm sure when when within the notes we'll have maybe a list of those or something like that that you can directly pull from instead of having to sift through the entire 11 hours to find them How do high value people make decisions for the group。

 do they ask where everyone wants to go or they automatically make the decision for them。嗯。

I think it depends。 I think that there are there is a time and a place for both。

 and it depends on a few different things。 It depends how important things are。

 So if it's pretty much like， for example， let's say you're doing like。

A company lunch or something like that。 And the main purpose of the lunch is just for everybody to hang out and have a good time and whatever。

Picking pretty much any reasonable restaurant will probably be fine。

 And instead of polling everybody on where they want to go。

 you probably could just pick a restaurant。 It's probably not that big of a deal。 And if if anything。

 you could ask people afterwards， hey， would you like to restaurant I to go somewhere else next time。

 like show that you care and then pick another restaurant that like meets that other criteria next time。

 but you don't have to like get a vote on every single thing you do right There is unilateral action。

 there is like making your own decisions and not being reliant on everybody else。

But for big projects， I think it is important to get buy in from people for a few different reasons。

 one is that they may have information you don't， a lot of times people that are on the ground level of dealing with something will have a perspective or know something that people higher up in management or people that are a little more distant don't necessarily have。

And the other thing is for buy in because people don't like being given orders。

 people don't like it if you hold hand down a tablet from on high and say hey。

 here's what you have to do that feels like a chore and you know an obligation and it's harder to get on board with it。

 whereas if people are kind of in the decision making process。

And they've kind of agreed this is what's important。

 this is what I want to work on this is what I'm passionate about。

 this is a direction that that I can get on board with， et cetera。

 you're going to get better performance from them now。In the end of the day。

Just letting people do exactly what they want isn't really effective all the time you do need to be on task and on motivation and you don't need to take every suggestion everybody gives and end of the day if there are a lot of different suggestions you may need to make a decision。

 but the fact of people feeling heard， the fact of people feeling like you care。

 the fact of people participating and buying in absolutely。Can make a very big difference， right。

Yeah， so I think that getting some buy- in on any kind of critical or big decision is going to be a really important part of it。

 and it's going to help with the motivation it also will help with making those decisions being unilateralized I talked about how like teams do better than teams can scale past what individuals can do part of leading a team is being able to trust your team because if you're just going to make all decisions yourself。

 what do you even have a team for right so getting getting the right people in place that you trusted and actually listening to them。

 I think is part of intelligent leadership now in terms of like getting a decision made or asserting your authority。

 I suppose you can do however you， but in terms of actually getting a good result。

 which should be the point of leadership because you're not leading just to lead you're not leading to establish your authority or're leading to achieve something So in terms of achieving something。

 getting proper feedback， including people， getting buy- in。

 I think that's all going be somewhere between important and critically important。

Can I speak to being successful in your mid-30s and meeting or attracting girls in their early 20s。

 Yeah， absolutely。 It's not a hard thing at all。 generally， as men were lucky in that with age。

 our value stays the same or increases and mid-30s is in a lot of ways in a man kind of your prime because you are successful enough and and adult enough to have resource at your disposalable。

 but you're still young enough and fit enough and strong enough to have sort of that like you know hot young guy kind of thing going on at least if you've taken care of yourself。

 So in a lot of ways is really perfect， the biggest issue with if you're a successful guy in the 30s dealing with girls in their 20s。

 maybe either an intimidation or incongruence factor of why do you even like them what are they bringing to the table other than their looks。

 So one they may feel insecure around， you feel like they have nothing to bring to the table and it may you may just have to spend a little more time getting to know them and getting them to open up and that kind of stuff。

Or possibly because they're not bringing anything to the table but besides it looks。

 they may perceive that you have an agenda。 IeU just want them for sex， in which case， again。

 it's just getting them to open up and actually get to know them as people as opposed to just objectifying them。

 So those are are good situation to be in， but in general， this is not a difficult situation。

 because you have enough value right generally， if you have enough value。

 adding some more comfort is。Doable， right， it may take more time than if you' got the value to comfort ratio perfect the whole way。

 But adding more comfort position of values is a lot more doable than the other way around being low value。

 high comfort and then convincing someone you're valuable is much， much， much harder。

 So this idea of。Being in your 30s talking to girls in their 20s。

 it should not be a difficult thing in a lot of ways。Okay， good question。 Todd， what is your U VP。

 So this is a good question。 I mean it's very valid given that you are， you know。

 that I've asked you that same question， right， My U VP is a few different things。

 The first thing I start off with in terms of my UDP U VP， UDP， U VP is。

Thats there's a few different types of guys right there's the guys who know how to like spark emotions in girls and guys who don't guys who are interesting and guys who are boring。

 typically guys who are interesting， kind of always had it and kind of take it for granted and don't take the time and energy and effort to use it to its maximum or contribute the most they can to a girl whereas I do because I've been on both sides I've been the guy who didn't know what to do with girls but wanted so much to please them and then the guy who knows how to please them and and doesn't give a shit and I know how to merge the two So I'm the guy who is emotionally relevant and yet also has depth and has that ability and willingness to contribute and help a girl grow So I am offering her a better deal。

 a better package a better value so to speak for that emotional stimulation than most other guys would be。

So that's part of it， another part of it。 and I I I talk a lot when I think of my own UP。

 I think a lot in terms of。Like dichotomies like I'm this yet I'm also that like the the things that contrast。

 but kind of go together。So the other thing is that I'm not like the total like like ultrabody amazing stud guy or anything like that。

 And actually lately I'm less that than I used to be。 but I am still like a good looking guy。

 I take care of my look。 I take care of my parents。 have a good haircut。 I'm in decent shape， etc。

 So I have that going for me。 And then I also have being the successful guy going for me。

 So on the one hand， I'm the young hot guy on the other hand。

 I'm the mature successful guy and that's another dichotomy。 So on the one hand。

 attractive yet a care。 On the other hand， I am young and young and hot， but I'm also successful。

 So those are different different dichotomies。 And then I also have UVP of the fact that I have a lot of life knowledge。

 I won at a lot of things。 like I know how to。😊，I know how to succeed， I know how to win。

I know how to teach people that so people that are around me have their lives enhanced people that are around me travel more people that are around me learn more things。

 people that around me get taught various things， people that around me get motivated in various ways。

 etc cetera， et cetera other part of my UP。Is that I know the dance。 I know how to flirt。

 I know how to do all the like， I know how to escalate well in a way that's that's， you know。

 tempting and enticing and good for girls。 I know how to。Excuse me。

 I know how to take a girl home in a way that doesn't make her feel sluty。

 I know how to progress things in a relationship。 I know how to you know tease and make things good sexually。

 all these different things。 So I have all all of that stuff of knowing that。

 and then the last thing maybe not the last thing but a later thing or a last thing towards the end is that I'm good at conveying status。

 I'm good at like I've been around a lot of high value guys I've been around a lot of guys who who have status who have value。

 etc， and so I make a girl feel that I am high value。

 And the very fact that a girl feels high value around me and the fact that a girl if sure to talk to her friends about me introduced me to her friends I'll come off as high value to them it's a form of social proof or a form of value elevation for her to be with me because I know how to be a statusy guy I know how to put a fourth that impression in that image。

 So in in a sense， the branding of the product。I mean， there's the good product underneath it。

 but the branding is part of the product itself right so am like I frame myself as a catch both to her and also to her friends so that she feels like she's winning when she's with me So those are all parts of my UP now with any particular girl if I have a hobby in common that'll contribute if we have the same nerdy view on things that'll contribute etctera。

 etctera， etc ce。So all of those things are are parts part and parcel of my UVVP and that that's starting to be a little bit of how it all comes together。

 So hopefully that helps it's obviously a lot of different factors I've thought about this a lot and I've put a lot of pieces into it and like you know you know Frankenstein different things together over over time can we get good examples of being challenging and polarizing Sure so。

In terms of being challenging， polarizing an inperson conversation。

 things like you and I wouldn't get along or wow， you can go now or I can't believe you just said that really anything like that that's kind of just like a negative thing I'm yeah wow I can't I was just starting to like you。

 what did you just do。You are so X where x is kind of ambiguously negative。

 sub along the way along the lines of that is is stuff that you could do in in oral communication。

 Polizing in written communication。 There are some push pulls you can write There's a message I don't use a name more because it's overused and it's a little like it's a little stale。

 it's a little like how people communicated years ago flirtiously。

 but you see use which was like your adorable fingers crossed you're not crazy。

 right The fact that you're implying she might be crazy。 It's older text message。

 but that I used to use online a lot。 That's a good one in terms of being just slightly polarizing。

 but still largely positive。Online。Another way to be polarizing online like in a profile would be to say like if you're this swipe left or I'm not interested in unless you are Xyz。

 those kind of things are kind of like you're pricing yourself and you're bit polarizing on that level one thing which I don't recommend in more because online profiles don't have headlines and putting in in your bio is a little bit try hard。

 but in a headline it works because the point of a headline was to grab attention just get looked at I used to have a headline that said life's too short to dance with fat checks and that that definitely got noticed and it got you know got people to look at the rest of my profile and it is very polarizing again。

 I think it's too much the way that current most online profiles are structured and I wouldn't recommend that now but it is a good example of being polarizing again as well So those are some things what are some examples of being polarizing in a positive way giving a genuine well earnedned compliment be like wow when I first met you this is actually a push pull complement wow I first met you this but you've actually stood out because you're this and this and this and I'm a little bit impressed。

Yeah， once it's earned， absolutely something like that is polarizing in a positive way。

I hope that's what you meant by polarizing a positive way Another way of being that you could think of being polarizing a positive is being polarizing in a way that makes you look high value。

 which is anything that's polarizing along the lines if you have standards or maybe you say something that。

Makes you look cool， but a little bit unattainable， right。

 like the thing about like mostly of the girls I data went to Harvard， something like that。

 It's a little bit controversial to say it's a little bit politically incorrect。

 but it definitely stands out in a positive way， something like that。

How to let go of the filter when speaking， just do it， just do it， do it practice it。

 see the results when you see the results， it'll get easier I'll write I'll draw this on here again this thing。

 the slide so you have the the skills。Are the skills and behaviors？And then you get the success。

 you get the results。And then your results。Go to your mindset or your inner game mindset。

 and then that helps your skills and behaviors。Be even better， right。

 So you're trying to create this。 So where do you start on this cycle， It doesn't matter。

 You can start anywhere。 You just have to start。 So just start working on this working on it as a skill。

 working on it is something that you do。 You get good results that'll help you with your mindset that'll help you with doing it next time。

 it'll make you more and more free。 And every single time you do it and nothing bad happens to you。

 It's gonna get easier and easier and easier。 So how do you let the filter go and speaking。

 You just do it。s like， how do you jump off the high dive of the first time， It's scary。

 but you just do it， How do you do your first cold approach， You just do it。

 And then you realize nobody died and it was okay。That's really it。That's it。

 There's no like step by step， like let the filter go 10%， then 10% more no。Just do it。 I mean。

 if you wanted to， I guess I guess you could do a progressive desensitization exercise where you like try and say one offensive thing in a conversation and then just make sure it's okay or one thing that's a little bit embarrassing or whatever that you're a little worried about and then you're call it good and then you go to two and three and4 but honestly just give yourself permission to act to the way you do among your friends what makes what makes a good polarizing bio would be something that gets attention something that does get attention and is a little bit like you can't have me or above this or that or the other can be good。

 it should reflect positively on you and it should come off as like aloof and and not try hard like something along the lines of like don't be offended if I don't write back I'm pretty busy or something like that is kind of like a good version of like a good form of polarizing it's a very light is not super polarizing。

 but it's a good good kind of like hey， I'm busy I get a lot of messages。

 So like if I don't get back to you don't be offended or something like that which is the kind of thing that。

Someone who's getting a lot of messages would feel like saying I'll give you one this is this is it's a Tider bio I used relatively successfully I didn't really split test it or use it for a long time I just kind of I had one week where I was going to do a little online experiment I just wrote up the first Tider bio I could think of and it worked it got me you know results with with hot girls within the week and several times within the week and so what it was though it said I may appear arrogant and unattainable that's because I am。

That was it。 That was my entire tinder bio。 I made arrogant and unattainable。 That's because I am。

 And that was congruent with me。 It was congruent with the photos。

 Its congruent with the image I was putting across。

 And it's congruent with how I'm gonna act on a date， et cetera， et ceter。

 So it actually worked as far as it goes。 I it perfect。 No， but does it give you that idea of。

 you know， maybe I won't respond back to I'm a little busy。 only， you know。

 only bother applying if you're this。 Those are some of the right kinds of polarizing。😊。

You could also kind of do a polarizing where you talk about like a good trait and a bad trait。

 So for example， you could have one trait that says you're kind of I can't think of a specific off the top of my head but something that says like you're a little bit douch or something but then something else that says like you care for animals or children or or that you you do good for the world or something like that。

 So contract like counterpointing hey， I'm a total douche， but I also do this or hey， I do this。

 but but don't don't start like getting getting heartwarmed。

 I'm also a douch is probably the better version of it。 So something like that。

Could actually work pretty well also says how do you know that the girl wasn't a ho in her past This is more towards finding a girlfriend or wife。

U。I think that。You can only really know that over time。

 You're not going to know that right away because girls will。

Portray themselves in different ways for different guys。 And you can definitely。

 there are girls who are very much not that that are like almost like nearly virginal that will try and act like they're adventurous。

 If you push it enough that way and make that the thing that will impress you。

 they'll try and play that up。 And you'll eventually find out that they're not actually that。

 they're actually quite boring。 And and actually quite sexually inexperienced。

 And there are girls that have been with tons and tons of guys that will play the。

Play the kind of like shy shy girl card and whatever right。 So I can I could give you。

 I give you interesting stories along both lines of those。 But the point is it exists and。Like， yeah。

 just because a girl acts really like shy and pure in whatever with you doesn't mean she hasn't been with 100 guys。

 Like I absolutely know girls that have been with 100 guys plus that will like with a guy that they think of as boyfriend material will act like they've been with only a few guys in their life and like sex is a big deal for them and this and that。

 So it's very hard to read off of like one particular thing or the way she's coming across you or whatever。

 What you really need to do is get an assessment over time。 And you need to assess behaviors。

Part of it will be how much she seems to， like if you're looking for a girl that that doesn't have a lot of sex。

 specifically， look at kind of her， how much she has， how much she puts a prize on herself。

Like how much she thinks she's， you know the standard she would make a guy go to in order to have sex with her right So if a girl says that she's barely ever had sex with anybody。

 but you you basically barely even knew her and she's like like straight into bed with you she might well be lying to you unless you did something amazing or you were like know if you did happen to be very charismatic situation and you just like you know had like amazing。

 incredible banter and you had sex quickly fine。 But if you just basically said hey。

 how's your day and she's like let's have sex。 but then she tells she's only been with two guys that sounds a little like bullshit right So trust trust actions more than words if you care about that kind of stuff The other thing I would tell you is like this question is geared towards how do you know a girl wasn't a hoe in her past she'd be more worried about what a girl is now and in the future then what she is in past as long as she doesn't have like know some kind of STd she's gonna give you or something like that。

 what really matters or what should matter isn't like you know who she slept with or didn't say what 10 years ago or five years ago or three years ago or whatever it should be you know who she has now what she believes in。

Now how she acts now， how she responds to you et， but definitely trust actions more than words in terms of assessing that or assessing any behavior in anybody because words are very cheap actions mean a lot more and just ask yourself do you believe the story being put out do you believe that the story she's putting out is congruent with the actions you've seen do you believe that the story she's putting out is congruent with the behaviors and emotions she's shown and all those kind of things？

So。Basically， that's how I go about it is I would be looking at the behavior way， way。

 way more than the words in those particular cases。Okay。Where we go。

 assuming we become masculine high value men over a period of time。

 what are some feminine high value behaviors that we should seek to find in a prospect。

 So this is a really interesting question。 And it it's。It's not misguided。

 but it kind of is at the same time。So basically， you're saying like once you're a high value guy。

 how do you find a high value girl And the reason this is a weird question is that it's not universal。

 right you shouldn't choose a girl strictly just because she's high value。

 you shouldn't choose a girl because she'll impress other people you shouldn't choose a girl because your friends will think she's high value You should choose the girl that brings the best to the relationship with you She choose the girl that's gonna make you the happiest。

 you should choose a girl that if you want to have kids that you'd be happy having be the mother of your children。

 you should choose a girl that you like to have sex with  different things like that So instead of thinking like what are the high value traits that I should be looking for instead of what you should do is talk to a lot of girls。

 meet a lot of girls， date a lot of girls and see what you like。

And then be with the girls that you like and that you resonate with and you can spend time with and that you。

 you know， you find that you have similar philosophies to or can share values with or that kind of stuff。

 So instead of thinking like that there's this objectively hot girl that you should be aspiring to because it's just like a trophy。

Be thinking what girls do you uniquely， genuinely like。

 and probably that girl is going to be relatively high value because guys generally。

Like girl like girls generally are appealing to guys or unappeaing to guys due to similar traits。

 right， So the girl that is appealing to you will probably be appealing to other guys and will probably be a quote unquote。

 highigh value guy， high value girl， sorry but。You shouldn't be you know picking just because she's the like high social value girl that's a really dumb way to pick and that's a really good way to end up with a girl who looks good on Instagram and is a nightmare in real life for example So I think that this's not maybe the best question to ask the really best question ask or better question ask is what do you particularly resonate with what do you particularly like and what is gonna make you in particular happy What are some exercises。

 maybe books you can read or education that help you your verbal capacity paraphrasing and communicating more precisely So yeah。

 this is a really good question because verbal game does matter and it's why after this my next program maybe not my next program depending on on CoVId whatnot but one of my next programs is gonna be verbal game Academy which is you know really looking so how do you improve verbal capacity Well different things you can do improvpositional comedy really good public speaking really good stand up comedy doing it if you can but just watching it watching funny movies。

ally good reading and appreciating quotations is a big one for me so there's books of quotations just find a guy that you like like find someone who you think is witty and like do a search for quotes by that person read through those quotes and and see what you like about those quotes。

 incorporate what ones you can into your own speech and I mentioned in that infield I mentioned the idea of a verbal wrinkle right and this may or may not resonate to you may or may not but I'm going to say like for example。

 is a guy Ambros Bece he wrote a book called the Devil's dictionary he basically takes these quotes and he does these ironic twists on on definitions of words。

And so he defined， for example， he defined peace as a period of cheating between two periods of fighting。

 It's very dark， it's very ironic and I like it。 It's a quote that resonates with me it's a quote that it has like pitthiness and wit and it's something that I could see myself saying at some point and so that's a quote that's my type of quote and there would be people like that like Mark Twain has some good quotes that I like Winston Churchill actually had some pretty good quotes there's different people that are very quotable people can get on board with and they resonate with your philosophy that resonate with who you are there'll be fictional characters。

 Hank Moody from California has some good quotes that I liked so different people like that but quotations and language is really really good and then just reading a lot and even reading fiction I know as men into self-improvement and whatnot we read like non-fiction and self-hel bookss and that kind of stuff but occasionally reading some fiction and learning storytelling by osmosis from reading fiction and learning how to carry a plot and how what good dialogue is and those kind of things can be really really useful as。

Well。So those are those are some some tips as far as that goes should I spend my time on social media EG Instagram or Facebook just for the sake of getting girls。

So that that's the general question。 It's paraphrasse， but that's the general question。

 It's up to you。 It's absolutely up to you， And it depends on your return on investments。

 I personally don't like those platforms because I find that I get very distracted and waste a lot of hours when I go on social media。

 So I try and avoid it。 I would much rather just go on traditional dating sites where I know girls are actively looking and。

And the premise is already established and I have a procedure that I can just do and I find it to be less personally like toxic overall for me because I just don't like social media。

 but if you like being on social media by all means。

 if you find that the girls you particularly like post a lot on social media and on social media and you find you're actually getting a return from hitting them up on social media by all means do。

If the question， I think I'm going rephrase the question because I took the question is should you spend your time like browsing through social media。

 If the question is， should you spend your time making your social media good。

 then the answer very often is yes， actually， though。 And it doesn't have to be so amazing， right。

 There's levels of social media there's。There's no social media， which is。It's bad ish。

 but it's not as bad。 There's actively bad social media。

 which you should not have if you're gonna have no social media or have actively bad social media。

 like a few laymeing pictures and no friends， you're better off not having it at all。

 Then there's social media that's good enough like it conveys your normal。

 It conveys you have some friends。 It conveys your general lifestyle is cool and okay and that doesn't take much。

 that takes just a few photos。 that takes like a few good photos。

 if you just happen to like once once once every two weeks for a couple months， take a good photo。

 and then maybe after that once a month， take a photo or once once every couple months。

 take a new photo and just add to that So it's just vaguely active。

 have your existing real friends as long as you at least like a few hundred friends or something like that overall which you should be able to get relatively quickly。

 especially if you're doing approaches and you just have girls add you or something like that。

 you should be able to get to a decent amount So it doesn't look awful。

Then you know it's enough to make you look like a human being。

 not a weirdo convey kind of a cool life etc。 And then there's taking social media to the extreme of making it like an advertisement for yourself。

 And by all means you can do that if you're willing to put in the time but it does have diminishing returns at a certain point and it does become timecon at that point I think if you're truly truly dedicated to being great with girls and truly dedicated to reducing your flaking as much as possible making your social media actually to that quite good level probably is worth it But what I would suggest for sanity's sake is at a bare minimum if you want to be dedicated to this。

 get your social media up to that acceptable level where it's at least a net positive for you and that way if a girl has a good interaction with you and then looks you up on social media。

 she's not going like oh never mind So I think you should expire at least to that level and then once you're there and getting good results if you want to take it to that next level because you will see some positives from social media you should hopefully be motivated to do that and then you can keep going until you start seeing diminishing returns getting it up to at least that acceptable level though I think is。

Is very useful and if you're young， like if you're in your early 20s and want to be dating a lot of girls。

 it is very， very useful。How do K Bay value in Europe where playing unattainable doesn't work as well。

 especially in online dating？The same stuff still works。 You just tone it down， right， So it's。

 it's still the same things。 It's just the ratio。 So we talked about like the coffee and milk thing。

 right， value and comfort。 So you still can say polarizing things。

 You still can say you're looking for a particular type of girl。

 you might tone it down a slight amount， or you might just， instead of there being。

Instead if you have a 10 sentence profile， there're being two to3， really polarizing things。

 Maybe in a 15 sentence profile， you have one to two polarizing things。

 or maybe just two in a 15 or one in a 10 or something like that。

 So you're you're diminishing the ratio just a little bit and you can tone down the harshness a little bit。

 but the same general techniques work。 remember attraction is not a choice。

 getting reaction where girls is not a choice。 Now。

 how a girls socialized is what's different about US versus Europe girls are socialized differently girls have different ideas of what is value。

 and particularly there's European polarizing and American polarizing， right So American culture。

 we have this idea of like the rugged individual is the celebrity culture。

 the stand out this kind of thing right Europeans have a different form of what they've been conditioned to think of as high value and what they've been conditioned to think of as polarizing。

 So if you take American polarizing to Europe， might not translate culturally。

 the same way that taking something that's European culture might work。

 So maybe you use references to European people instead of American people， maybe you。

You what's the word model your behavior after like popular like European soccer stars。

 as opposed to American sports stars or something like that， right， so。

 but there are still going to be certain high value things。

 You just have to make sure that they translate culturally and you have to make sure you calibrate them the right。

 But it doesn't mean that the same things don't work the same things fundamentally work。

 You just have to make them culturally relevant。There's a great maybe I don't know if great it's a good word for it。

 There's a commercial from soccer during the World Cup from like 1994 and 98。 That was interesting。

 It was Jerry Seinfd and he did his acting in in London and he did the exact same jokes that didn't work in that worked to the United States and they felt flat in London on the ad And so it was like a Mastercard or American Express head or something like that like hey I gotta go around the country and light on the lingo he wrote a taxi around the country and just got familiar with all the references for England then they show him on stage at the end telling the joke and instead of saying like is this the seventh inning stretch as his punchline for like the American audience he goes what is this the tea interval for like the British audience So he learned how to take the same principles that made him funny in the US he learned to make it cultural relevant now obviously that's just a commercial It's not true to life but it does make an important point。

😊，So that's what I would really focus on there is it's still the same principles。

 you just need to calibrate it and get some references from Europe， get some role models from Europe。

 get some ideas of what is what is working there and then take the same ideas it all comes from again evolution and attention and all these same same key idea same key fundamental principles but you do once to calibrate the exact execution of it because yes that will change Can you talk about how to convey the UVVP in game like how do you get a girl to see your UVVP。

Funny stuff in the chat here。 Okay， so how can I convey the U VP in game。

 How can I get a girl to see the U VP， so you're going to do it little by little。

 you're gonna do it in sometimes in a subtle word choice。

 sometimes in the choice of a story you tell those kind of things。 So， for example。

 let's say that I have。😊，Okay， so I have the UVP of being a successful guy right Well。

 when a girl asks what I do for a living， the way I answer that question is going to convey some of those successful qualities。

 but it's also going be a little dismissive in aloof like I don't talk like talking about work。

 because as I mentioned before， a lot of times the really serious and successful people don't like talking about it。

 So it's going to convey a few of those unique qualities， It's gonna to be a little mysterious。

 it's going to act like I don't really want to talk about it。

 which is then ideally going to provoke her to ask more， But even if it doesn't。

 I've still convey a little bit of it。Or for example。

 conveying that I know the dance right so maybe you tell a story about a girl flirting with you or whatever or maybe you see some guy and girl over there and you make a comment about what's going on and some lame thing that the guy is doing or how the girls's reacting to him and it's this and that and it shows that you're socially aware right so you're pointing out little just little nuggets of information that relate to these kinds of things。

One so maybe maybe another one of like UVP of being a high value guy that's this dated hot girls before or something like that。

 if you happen to know something， if she's like in maybe in a hot girl industry and you happen to know something about that industry。

 you're conveying that UVP that you're that guy that has dated girls in that industry before。

 so you're conveying some social proof into that， etc ce， et ceter。

So different things like that also conveying some of these generally attractive qualities hint at a UVVP so for example being dismissive hints at being abundant。

 which is part of a high value UVVP etc so part of it is just conveying high value traits in general。

 but how you answer questions what do you tell in stories what you leave out in stories what you point out how you steer the conversation。

 what conversational topics you steer towards what conversational topics you steer away from what you're willing and unwilling to say do you swear or do you avoid swearing if you if you tell a joke do you tell it very like bluntly and very like whatever or do do you like refine it and try and say like say something blunt in a sophisticated way and there's good there's pros and cons to both。

Right， so all of those are going to be ways that you convey your UP every single time you open your mouth。

 you're giving people two bits of information， you're giving people what you're literally saying。

 and then you're giving people all the things they can imply from what you're saying。

 and so you want to。Be implying your UP through all these different things and you would be talking in subjects where you are knowledgeable。

 So for example， if you're really if you're good at science， you want to talk in science。

 if you're bad at sports， you don't want to talk in sports， if you know a lot about dancing。

 talk about dancing or dance with the girl right So you want to be gearing things that way how do we know when we're needing to game less when infield and balance the baseline So that's a really interesting question。

 a good question。Essentially， at any given moment when I'm in field， I'm assessing a couple things。

 I'm assessing， does a girl need more value and more or more comfort。

 That's a big thing I'm assessing。 and that that has to do with how much she's reacting to me。

 but then also。If she seems tense or nervous or how her body language is。

If she seems to be holding back or stuff like that。

 because sometimes a girl will see you as having a lot of value。

 but she'll be nervous because she wants to impress you and doesn't want to say the wrong thing。

 And so for a girl like that， you need to just ease off and and talk more and just just chill out and let her have more comfort。

 Where if a girl starting to be like become complacent and like give you more shit tests or。

Stop paying his attention to you as much or stop reacting to as much then you may need to up the value some more so that's that's part of it is what is the value comfort ratio but the other thing I think about is what is the gaminginess ratio like what percentage of what I've done is game me I don't want it to be game move game move game move game move game move even if it's value move comfort move value move comfort move。

Sometimes if if I feel like it's just， it's been a little too smooth or it's been a little too hard hitting or it just seems a little bit like too scripted or too much like a movie scene like it's too。

 too good or too on point， I will just back off to normalize it。

And you kind of get a sense for that the way that you'll eventually do it is that you're gonna go too far。

 Eventually you'll go too far with value and you'll have a situation。

 It's happened to me a few times it was very very eye openingening for me when it happened is you'll be talking to a girl you'll be doing something and she likes you You talk to a girl you do more of that thing and she likes you more you talk to her she likes you more and the more you do the more she likes you the more you do the more she likes you and then you do more of it all of a sudden she snaps and hates you That's when you went too far once you gone too far a couple times you're gonna get a sense for what it feels like to go too far and you're gonna know when to back off That's the best answer I can give you is that you'll learn it in field by pushing too far a couple times。

 but the answer I'll give short is to be monitoring those kinds of different things。

