# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：13了解并向客户推销自己_13 Understanding and Selling Yourself to Your Customer【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

But what I really mean is that whenever you're dealing with other people。There's， again。

 the value you bring to the table， the characteristics you have。

 but you also have to think about what it is the other person wants from you and this comes from this idea got written down here because of a call I did with someone or we're talking about kind of just like life and socializing in life outside of game and that kind of stuff。

 and the thing I mentioned to them was that every single person in your life knows you in a different way and potentially needs different things from you So if you have a relationship with your parents。

 your parents maybe don't need much from you financially or tangibly。

 maybe they do maybe they're older and they need that or whatever or maybe they aren't as successful as you。

 but maybe they're pretty well off that way but what they need from you is love and affection and that's the biggest thing you can provide as a child to your parents maybe is that。

And then maybe if you have kids， you can provide a lot of things like guidance and support and teaching and discipline and showing them how the world works and different things like that。

 If you have your male friends， maybe you provide support for them an assurance。

 maybe you just provide like a person to have a good time with they like to hang out with and play sports with or watch TV with or whatever or maybe you're someone that they can come to for advice or something like that。

 And so these are all different elements you can have with a girl， obviously。

 you provide different things for example， like good sex would be one provide an emotional experience。

 you provide her feeling good about herself when she talks about who to her friends。

 all kinds of things like that。 And so each of these your customer right it's not literally the customer in business。

 but your customer of the archetype you're putting out there is changing from one person to the next to the next and when that customer archetype changes。

It's important that you also change it's important that you and not saying change to something you're not。

 but you have all these different facets to yourself。

 you have all these different things that you can offer because of the range of attributes you have and what you want to be doing is give the particular quote unquote customer the person the thing of you that they need and that is understanding the blueprint again this is something that's applicable to everything in life in business。

 your boss needs certain things from you， your boss doesn't probably need you to flirt with him or her but your boss probably does need you to be reliable and accountable and get your work done and like help other people get their work done so it's a different range of things and your boss isn't going to care as much you if if they have a socially good vibe with you。

 it helps it definitely helps， but if you do outstanding work and itre replaceplaceable to the company。

 you don't necessarily have to do that thing that other thing how would you use high value skills to sell a client and this is a really interesting one because I think that a lot of people in sales and also like in marketing which is the same kind of things。

Are kind of。They do what I call an intermediate job。

 but not an advanced job because most of the time if you're in a sales situation， you， excuse me。

 most of the time you're in a sales situation， you know you're being sold。

And you're aware that the other person has an agenda。

 You're aware the other person benefits from you buying。

 And so there's this inherent resistance where， even though you maybe like the product。

 And even though you would like to buy， you are conditioned to say no to that sales personson。

 You're condition to resist the sales process。Youre conditioned not to be duped by it， right。

 And the more the sales process seems salesy， the worse off you're going to be。

 But the salesperson is put into an interesting paradox because they do have to go through a sales process。

 right， first of all， usually like oftentimes sales meetings are sales meetings and you know that's there。

 So if you don't get to the points， that's worse。 right if you， if you're trying to sell a product。

 you won't talk about the product， you won't talk about the features and benefits and stuff like that。

 that's pretty poor And that's clearly problematic。So you don't want to be that guy。

Right but at the same time， you don't to be pushy。 and so what I would really focus on is a couple things。

 number one， in an ideal sales situation， you want to talk to the other person about their needs and you want to be identifying the person's situation and maybe framing their situation in a way that makes your product the best bet but you want to be doing it like subtly and ideally anything this is an idea of inception from the movie inception。

 but also I talk about in game anything the person the client says themselves means more than anything you tell them So if you can ask them a question and get them to say something about it。

 it's better than if you make that assertion right so it's much better to use a lot of questions in sales。

 which is opposite of game in some ways although when you're talking about logistics and pulling sometimes questions can be good and the big thing that I would recommend in terms of selling if you want to take it to a high level is two things One is I talked about the other day taking the other side of the argument maybe talking about the potential drawbacks or the。

s why they might not be suited to your product， because especially if they're liking it and especially if your product is is viewed as a good thing or those drawbacks are things that almost。

They aren't， you know， at a level to be able to use them or something like that。

 It can almost be exclusive， which is going to be the next point that makes them once argue for it and makes them actually argue why they could buy the product。

 right， So， for example， just in some luxury purchases。

 they'll take the the approach at times of kind of。

Intimating that like someone might not be able to handle the higher end model that they should start with like the basic model。

 And sometimes people who are richer or people have an ego or whatever be like， no， no。

 I can that's within my budget。 I can do that。 And they end up like， you know。

 buying more than they intended to because they they kind of took that took that bait。

 The thing is making it exclusive。 making it it seem as though。What you're selling。

May not be for everybody， which makes you look abundant。

 it makes it look like you're not desperate to sell because nobody wants to buy from a desperate salesman。

 no wants to even deal with desperate people in general。And also。

 it makes it look like you don't have an agenda like who would be at a sales meeting and actually unsell the client。

 That's crazy， right， You must be abundant。 You must have the person's interest at heart。 And add。

 the best way to sell。 In my opinion， is to sell in a way where you are trying to help the client。

 So， for example， if I ever take a sales call， I'm going to find out about the client。

 and I'm going to try and recommend to that person what I think is legitimately best for them based on listening to them。

 helping them out， steering them in various ways。 And obviously， if I think someone should buy X。

 And they really somchsly want to buy Y。 I'll sell them why， I'm not like， oh no。

 I refuse to sell you that， I'm gonna sell you this thing I think you should get。

 They know themselves， they know what they want。 That's fine。

 but I'm going to go in with the idea of find out about them。 What I think will make sense for them。

 And if someone was in that situation， I would give them that information。 I'd be like， hey， listen。

 like absolutely can sell that you can buy that as a great product。 I totally endorse it。

Absolutely have no issue with you getting it because of this， this and this and what you're doing。

 though， I do want to point out that either maybe you should consider this or if you are going consider this。

 maybe additionally consider this or make sure that you're committed to this other thing so you'll get more out of it or make sure that you have the time or the behavior or whatever。

 So taking that viewpoint where you get on the same side of the table as the client and you're helping to find a solution together as opposed to being antagonistic is probably the biggest thing。

 And then if you can get the client chasing the product as opposed to client the product chasing the client it's not always completely doable。

 but to the extent that you can you're going to do better off。

So those would be my tips on applying all this kind of stuff to sales disqualifiers absolutely absolutely useful in sales Also this is something that is taught a lot in Sal source is not unique to me。

 but benefits rather than features don't sell them on what the things the client the product has sell them on what the thing will do for them first and that you can explain it through the features that's pretty standard sales and marketing that's nothing new for me。

 but it is something a lot of people don't know。