# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：05.价值的内在博弈：4社会价值高的人的秘密社会_4 The Secret Society of High Social Value People【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

There is。This world， and we'll talk about this a little more tomorrow。

 but there's this world of high value people， sort of the secret society。

 you could call it sort of in terms of sex and relationships and whatnot。

And is kind of different rules， right， And so girls will treat you differently if you act differently。

 if you act like someone who's trying to fit in and be judgmental and who's trying to。

Just kind of like avoid， avoid pain and follow society's traditional narratives rather than thinking about your own。

People will treat you one way because they're going to see you as。As not as much fun。

 they're going to see you as a social risk to them。

And they're going to see you as potentially you don't get it。 You might be judgmental。

 you're potentially like social like dangerous to their social status in a way。

 that's kind of a weird。A weird amalgam of things。 But a girl primarily will sleep with you because it's a win for her or or a non loss for her。

 If you seem to be of this high value， nonjual class of people。

 then the value loss to her is minimal because your high value。

 this loss of social status is almost nothing because there's no judgment。

And so there are typically a lot of very attractive high value people that are very willing to sleep around I sleep around。

 but sleep with other high value people quite readily but will be very。

 very hard to get to sleep with or date whatever， if you aren't in that same group and that group is what I'm trying to get at here due to two things。

 it's due to one， your intrinsic value and what you have and what you can bring to the table。

 but it's also due to your attitude because as you become more high value， you become more abundant。

 you become more used to being around high value people， you become less jealous。

 less judgmental and then you're around those attitudes more and that feeds into itself etca。

 so the funny thing is if you start acting in this secret society way if you start acting in this non-judgmental way。

 if you start acting in this high value， un jealousalous value offering way。

 then you're going to be perceived as being part of that secret society。

 you're going to start being treated by girls that way， and then you're gonna to start。

Getting the results of it。 And then that's going to help you to become it。

 So this is another feedback loop you can be creating is that feedback loop of acting like a high value person。

 And when you are acting like a high value person and you're being congruent with it。

 you will be treated that way。 And you'， you will be brought into a world of more abundance。

 more resources， more free giving， etc cea， eta， et cetera。 It sounds a little woo。😊。

But it's not actually because there is a very logical basis for each and every one of these steps happening and more importantly than a logical basis。

 there's a very evolutionary basis for this right again。

 evolutionarily people are looking for good genetics and and good good resources and a lack of potential downside。

 And if you are all of that you're now in that sort of like secret society group and。

And you're gonna get， you know， treated accordingly。

 I want to reiterate that the reason why it can be hard to be high value is that， again。

 as I mentioned before， the world does not directly benefit from you being high value in the same way that you yourself do。

 So you need to be the driving force us。 You need to be your own biggest fan。 And yes。

 there will be pressure against you。 There will be guys who don't want you to be high value because they don't want to compete with them。

 There will be girls who don't need to be high value because it's messing up the established order。

 All right， nobody's gonna try and help you be high value。 I mean， I am here。

 but it it's kind of my job。 And it's what I do。 and I don't know you personally。 I'm not， you know。

 know， I don't have a vested interest even even even me and you becoming super high value。

 You are really the only person who deeply has that that vested interest。

 So you need to find your own motivation。 You need to find。Self love。

 And you need to find the conviction to follow through。

 And remember that the fact that it's hard is what gives you an advantage。 So when it is hard。

 when there is resistance。When there are difficult things and things are difficult。

 when it's not easy， that's when that is the best opportunity for you to stand out。 That's when。

You know， that's what separates the winners from the losers and rather than running away from those challenges rather than being shy of those challenges。

 you actually should embrace those challenges。so you want to be you know。

 keeping those ideas in mind and you want to have that resilience and have that have that faith and belief。

 know that people have done it before you know that you can do it and know that again the feedback loops。

 don't worry about where you are right now， worry about being on the right path if you're on the right path you will arrive at your destination if you're on the wrong path you won't。

 it doesn't really matter where on that path you are because you will get there given proper progress。

