# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：03.价值和吸引力：1低价值性状_1 Low-Value Traits【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

How this applies to specifically attracting women and specifically how this applies to doing game。

 All right， and I'm going to start off by giving you a list of low value traits。

 And this is a really interesting thing to do。 This idea of giving a list of low value traits。

 Inter story In my early years of teaching game。 Actually。

 I'll pop myself back up someone to tell a story。 In my early years of teaching game。

One strategy that I used to use with the company is was working with to teacheach game was to give someone a list of all these things not to do right don't cross your arms don't stand with your feet too close together don't lean in don't qualify yourself etca etc etc and all these things individually were good advice in the sense that these things were traits that you exhibit when you're nervous。

 these things are traits that you exhibit when you're feeling low value And so by eliminating them。

 you would be conveying fewer low value traits problem was this you get a student on a boot camp a live program where they're gonna go meet girls and they're already terrified and you tell them here's all these things not to do here's this long list of traits not to do are things not to exhibit whatever and you get them focused on this and thinking about all the negative things they can do and all the fallout and all the backlash what does it do it makes them more nervous and then they go out and they do almost all those traits and so by telling them about the traits。

The information was good， but something about the traits made them nervous。

 made them worry about those traits， and then that came out out to the exact same end result or a worse end result。

 which was them doing all those traits whereas when we instead got the mentalities right and didn't focus on the traits specifically except when they occasionally came up in a bad way。

 you tended to do a lot better because you weren't encouraging the underlying thing which created the traits so there is some danger in like being hyperanalytical of low value traits。

 but that said it's important to know what they are。

 So don't be like I'll worried about this and don't try and weed it out。

 you'll never weed out every low value trait。 you're never gonna get rid of all of them。

 but you can be aware of them and do a good job in general。

 So I'm just going go through quickly what these are and you know why they're important。

So first one neediness， well， if you are needy， it usually means you haven't had a lot of girls and if you haven't had a lot of girls on a biological evolutionary level。

 that probably means a lot of girls haven't found you attractive。

 which means your genetics or something else about you is probably flawed so it is unattractive right also just because people have learned human dynamic socially。

 typically neediness is just correlated to desperation or lack of abundance， lack of resources。

 that kind of stuff so even without the biological roots。

 just because of what we've learned in terms of social interaction in our life。

 women can con out neediness on a social level too。Next one is self deprecation。

 talking negatively about yourself。Talking negatively about yourself is， you know。

People have enough negative perceptions about you without you helping them。

 you don't need to do that。And it's likely to be perceived as accurate。

 Usually people will believe the worst about you and disbelieve the best about you。

 if you brag about yourself， people will tend to not believe it because you have every reason to brag if you say something self deprecating。

 people will tend to believe it because you have no selfinterested motive。

 So it will be taken as stronger and more truthful than the positive would be。

 So you want to avoid it for that reason。U。The only time I will really self deprecating game is either as a joke or ironically usually so if it's very clear that I'm very smart I'll say oh。

 I'm so dumb， but only if the girl clearly already knows I'm smart。

 I don't self deprecate when the girl might actually believe that I mean it just doesn't work。

Next concept I'm going go and do briefly here because we're going to have a whole section about it or a whole short of discussion about it。

 I'm going to focus some questions focus having you guys ask some questions about it。

 which is leveling leveling basically is the idea that certain behaviors you can do are not pure low value。

 but what they what they do is they're clearly not high value。

So they indicate that you are at a certain level， so they indicate you're like a six out of 1 or a7 out of 10 or something like that。

 right so example would be like let's say I was like with some professional soccer players or something like that as I played soccer in you know high school college a little bit semi pro。

 but I'm old now I'm out of shape and I was never as good as a professional so。😊。

If I was talking to them and I mentioned my mile time， my current mile time。

 that would be leveling myself。 that would be telling them that I'm in not as good a shape as them。

 and it would be a clear indicator that I'm not match fit or if I asked them。

 you know how they worked on， you know crossing with their their weaker foot or whatever that would indicate like I have a bad like bad left foot and I you know not not as comfortable and I'm not you know haven't been trained at a high level and haven't put in the reps and that kind of stuff So that would level me Now the fact that I'm worried about my left foot rather than my right foot would say that at least like I have confidence in my other foot and the fact that my mild time is okay ish。

 as opposed to completely awful， means I'm not completely out of shape。

 but it's just clearly indicating my level and my level isn't high level。

And so the same same thing exists in game in a lot of different ways where your behavior says I'm medium value。

 but it says it very strongly so that it will be believed and by saying I'm medium value and you can believe it and then you try and say I'm high value。

 they won't believe that。Being boring just basically means you won't get the girl's attention and or you won't stimulate her emotionally timidity indicates that you have had poor responses when you've been bold in your life。

 which can indicate a lifetime of being low value。 It can indicate a lack of skill with being bold。

 different things like that， which tends to be very。

 very low value Self-justification indicates that you've been blamed for a lot of things or you've messed up a lot and so you're worried about that you're trying to you know prevent that from happening again。

So self justification is typically a very low value thing。Ignorance。

 I don't have to explain why that's low value just not knowing things is worse than knowing things in general。

 but what you want to do because you know what you know， but when you are in a conversation。

 you want to steer clear of topics on which you are igno or if there's something that you're not sure if it's right。

 sometimes hold back instead of making an unnecessary display of ignorance similar to the one below which is incompetence。

 you don't want to make unnecessary displays of incompetence together。

 So those are very related ignorance and incompetence。

Being uncalibrated shows that you're not aware of the situation， shows that you lack social skills。

 it may show that you're caught up in your own internal thinking and putting too much pressure on yourself。

 different things like that， so that's low value。Agenda creepy and untrustworthy are all things where your behavior itself is okay。

 but it seems to be coming from the wrong place， and it makes people really suspicious of it。

 and it may make people flip their interpretation from what would otherwise be positive to something very。

 very negative。 It may people make people uncomfortable。 just want to stay away from you。

 So that's an agenda creepiness an untrustworthiness。

 Those are all various versions that creates that sort of distrust or just like negative icky feeling in a girl。

Being awkward can indicate a few different things， it can indicate you don't know how to flirt。

 it can also indicate that you're nervous or different things along those lines neither of which are good。

 again not knowing how to flirt would imply that you haven't been with girls in the past。

 which would imply you haven't been popular in the past so again low value。Being unhealthy。

 obviously low value， you don't have to explain why that is。 But again， go out。

 don't go out of your way to indicate those kind of things， right， So， for example。

 if you're out on a first date， this is a little thing。 These are actually some weird。

 unhealthy things。If you're out on a first date ordering food with a girl。

 you might not want to mention that you're allergic to a particular food just don't order that food。

 but indicating an allergy is indicating an unhealthiness， it's a slight little thing。

 but it's just one of those things why do it why mention it and one other the thing this is a weird one that I've noticed is girls that I've slept with and dated and hooked up with whatever from very kind of provider frame or like not full provider。

 but I've been their boyfriend I've been willing to do some provider type things even though I'm doing a lot of the flirty lover things as well And then there's some girls where I been pure like pure lover like they know there's no future there they know it's just a hook up they know it's just like like booty calls and stuff like that maybe even girls like that had a boyfriend but they came and like hooked up with me or something like that It's purely no provider whatsoever。

And what I noticed is that if these girls that it was like pure no provider stuff。

 if they ever saw me sick at all， they lost massive amounts of attraction for me because in that case。

 they're looking at me as like a pure like or sorry they're genetics or looking at me as like a pure genetic investment only and so in that case。

Seeing me as sick ruins that for them。 So like I've had situations where there ago I've been hooking up with like。

 you know， from a period of time， but it's purely like pure hookup and then like she's gonna come over and I have like kind of like a bad cough or something like that。

 And I'm like maybe I shouldn't whatever like have her come over anyway。

 and then you know I get I get sick or I just like I can't hold it together and it looks I look unfit they'll lose massive attraction because the healthiness was a major reason why that attractiveness existed in the first place。

Obviously if something's try hard， makes it appear unnatural。

 it can go to agenda and creepiness it can also go to neediness so it's kind of all those things at once if you are making excuses again that looks like you have done a lot of things wrong or it looks like you don't take responsibility or you're not grown up and we'll talk a lot about that tomorrow being a grown-up and taking being at cause in your life rather than being at effect but making excuses makes you look incompetent it makes you look unpowerful different things like that being dependent similar to making excuses where you don't look like you're in control of your own life。

 not good obviously being unpopular I barely even have to talk about negative social proof there but we're talking actually active negative social proof there's a difference between not being noticed and being actively unpopular not being noticed as bad being actively toxic is even worse like being like shunned so you want to avoid that too being insecure obviously and then being jealous that implies too much care about the situation too much neediness those types of things so those are some。

Value traits to avoid if you're noticing any of those types of things， try and weed them out。

