# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：10.附录（完整记录）：第2天-第2课时（完整录音）_Day 2 — Session 2 (Full Recording)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey guys， what's up we are back as promised I've brought with me James he's one of my instructors that' been traveling around the world with me for but a year and a half coaching a crazy amount of students and before that he had his own kind of journey to personal development success with the women becoming a high value guy all those kind of things was just fortunate enough to be a small part of with him having been a student of mine before that as well I wanted to bring him on here as someone who has gone through this journey of increasing his value very rapidly also recently and just talk about some of the things that have been really key for him and things that have helped him out the absolute most So I just want to start out James。

 can you give us just an idea of just your background before you before you found game before we met up that kind of stuff we know where you're coming from and then we'll get an idea about you know the lessons you've learned and things like got from there yeah man so I guess prior to。

Learning about game and prior to you know discovering game。

 discovering this was like an area of your life you could improve。The best。

 the best way to kind of like summarize where I was was like。

 I was this guy who had a very small amount of success。

 but it was all things that just fell into my lap。 Like any of the。

 any of the results I had with girls， it was mostly due to like。

Like people that I was hanging out with social circles that I was like part of and stuff like that。

 but I was very rarely creating opportunities for myself I was very rarely like in control of those opportunities it was basically like okay。

 X girl like me because you know， I was there hanging out with these people and then I just managed to like fumble my way into a situation that worked and because of that。

Out of the small amount of， and I say， very small， like amount of successes that I did have。

The amount that I lost and the amount of like frustrations and things that just didn't work out for me was massive。

 massive， like way more than the success I had。And because they had zero understanding of game of value of。

 you know， what's the difference between a high value man versus a low value man like and how to betray that。

 like because they didn't have any understanding of that。

I would have the the situations that didn't work out for me and I didn't understand why。

 you know what I mean， but the biggest thing for me was like I was this guy and。I definitely。

Had times where I looked around， looked at who I was the person I was like。

 you know I'm a guy that should be doing well with girls like I should like I'm a guy like I you know。

 believe that I was a pretty decent guy， but for whatever reason it just wasn't working out so I was like you know like。

What is it that I need to change， why is this not working out for me？And then yes。

 I discovered game like accidentally， I think like most like a lot of people do。

Founded on like an online forum and got pretty addicted to learning about I was like， wait。

 you mean like people actually talk about this stuff like you mean this is like actually a thing。😊。

And then yeah， I got pretty obsessed with it ever since。And yeah， I guess that's where I was before。

 I mean， at this point。I guess this would be coming up to like my eighth year in game since I've first discovered it since that aha moment of this is a thing。

And。Yeah， I mean， like it， I， I had my ups and downs， of course。

 like I had my times where like things were going really well。 And。

 and I had some little success in stuff like that。 But definitely。

 it took me a while to get to the point where it was really clicking for me， mostly because of。😊，嗯。

Mostly because of the confusion they had along the way。

 because of kind of the resources that I was learning from and just the way that I was going about things。

 I think once we met each other once they came on program I was doing a pretty decent job。

 but there was still a lot of kind of confusion around certain areas for me after that point was when things like really really skyrocketed。

Gotcha gotcha。 So you've been doing this for like eight years a long time and you've obviously come a long way in that time。

 and I'm sure there were you know hundreds， if not even thousands of little touch points along the way that made all that difference。

 I'm gonna ask you a really tough question you're tough questions you came on here if you were to look back at your original that you know before you learn game and when you were getting just the sporadic results and very haphazard if you could give yourself like just like three to five pointers and you couldn't like sit down and take yourself on a boot camp you couldn't like you know work with yourself as a mentor for years or anything like that if you could give yourself just a few points what do you think and this may not be the same for everybody except has different sticking points what are a few of the things you would have told yourself or would have given to yourself to nudge you in that right direction if you couldn't have other coaching you had to figure it out for yourself with just a few waypoints a few waypoints for sure First thing for sure I would say。

I made a lot of mistakes and I'm sure a lot of other guys make a lot of mistakes because they are afraid of failure。

 they're afraid of what's going to happen if this goes wrong。

And if you were to change that mindset to。Instead of thinking what's going to happen if it goes wrong。

 think what can happen if it goes right and just try to fumble my way in the right direction。

 that would make a really， really big difference definitely like。

I can even think about like plenty of times where I just it's not even though I stuffed it up。

 it's if I didn't try and I didn't try because I was thinking I was too afraid of the failure as opposed to thinking about the success so that mindset shift is like very。

 very important。嗯。I guess that's like a mindset level。

From a practical level definitely like looking at things that you can do that will like improve your chances。

 so I mean we've probably all heard this a lot of times。

 but like like in the beginning I had horrible horrible logistics like horrible logistics so。

Obviously， being able to like。Change something like that。

 like change your logistics like for example， like living in an area where you can walk to where you're going out。

 it's going to make a very， very big difference to， you know， if you have to like。

know take the subway for an hour or something like that that' would be another thing for sure like look at the areas in your life that are directly in your control and think about how you can improve that to the best of your ability。

Those two things would make a very big difference for sure but the mindset once huge mindset one very big Sure makes sense so you did you made some actual life changes in terms of getting good game。

 we actually talked just very briefly before this and you mentioned like know moving to a bigger city traveling around that kind of stuff and I think you found some benefit in that can you talk to speak to how you know changing your life are changing even maybe even the changes in your life helped or maybe even just the mentality that you were willing to change your life to get good at it helped whatever that was I don't know what the answer would be for you and then when you speak for people who can't do that for people know maybe their jobs in a particular area or you know they are still living at home or who knows whatever what they can do to get some of that same effect that you got from expanding your horizons and that growth that you' you've experienced one of the biggest things that I did or was actually a career change without that going into it in too much detail I came from a career of construction。

UI was working in construction for like。Eight or nine years or something。嗯。And one of the things。

 one of the funniest things actually about like the whole like construction thing is that so often I found that。

People in that trade and and this is by all means no like no stabb at anybody in construction。

 you know like for me I found that there was a lot of people in that trade that thought they were really good with girls and thought that they had like。

 you know all the right answers and all this stuff and actually they had no idea and then on top of that it was also a lot of like。

A lot of。How can I say this like？People that were settling。

For average or settling for things that they。Like a lot of victim mentality。

 a lot of like I'm here because I have to be here I don't have I don't have any other choice。

 I don't there isn't a way out there is anything like that and being around that environment and being around those sorts of people I started to learn like hey。

 this isn't。This isn't where I want to be like this is this wasn't even just with women。

 this was life in general。 it was like this isn't where I want to be for the rest of my life like there's that saying。

 you know， like if。If you look at the people that are doing your job or doing your career or whatever and you look at those people that are 10 years ahead of you is that where you want to be as well and if not you know you should do something about it and so I remember I was I was looking at that and I was like you know not only are these people not doing。

Anywhere near with anywhere near as well with women as what I would like to be doing。

 but also like life in general， like。Could be a lot better。

And it took me a while like so so I changed that up like I I ended up like I saved up a whole of money and quit my job and basically like traveled all around Europe for like a year and did like pretty crazy。

Like pretty crazy travels and stuff like that， but that was one thing that made a big， big。

 big difference。And I was fortunate enough to be in a position where I could change that I had a lot of other colleagues that were for example。

 like they had mortgages or they had children， they had these like pretty serious commitments that you know you had to go and you had to go to your job。

 you had to go to work because you had these financial commitments so I was fortunate enough to be in a position where I could change that。

嗯。😊，But what it taught me was that the people that you are around is so， so， so important for。

 you know， how you think about yourself， how you think about your success， your direction in life。

And。I guess if you're in a position where you can't change that。

At least the first thing you should do is at least be aware of it。

 at least be aware that it is very important you should be very， very careful of。

The information that's， you know being fed to you and the you know。

 the the qualifications of the person that has that information， for example。

 like I was I was I was I remember people at my work tell me。

 you know like hey you know if you want to get more girls you should do this you know when you go to the club on the weekend you should do this isn't this and this was coming from like。

An excavator operator who was like overweight and like in an unhappy marriage and， you know。

 probably had been unhappily married for many， many years and he' was telling me how to get girls。

 you know what I mean， So， so yeah， one tangible thing to be aware of is be aware of that information that's。

That's coming in， be aware of who's telling it to。If you don't feel that it'， you know。

 if you don't feel it's coming from a qualified place。

Like acknowledge it but don't don't believe it you know that was something that I realized for sure and you know if you can't change your career or if you can't change your situation。

 then try to find other people or other areas where you can get the better information from more people are going to have a better impact on your life a better impact on your direction like you know for example。

 like investing in like this sort of stuff like like a webinar or somewhere you're going to get good information。

That was very， very important to me for sure gotcha so speaking of being around different kinds of people since you've been working for me。

 you've been around obviously me and my coaching staff and then and our admin team and stuff and then also you've been around a lot of students and funny enough a lot of our students are very successful in other areas of life but they're you know have issues in terms of social value and some are even already very good social value wise and you're working on it but when you look at the students who basically let's assume that we're talking about students who are are doing less than they should in terms of social value and then you look at the coaching staff。

 which are guys that in spite of you know maybe having sometimes less educational background than some of the students we deal with are killing it in terms of social value what do you see as the biggest differences between those two groups and those two demographics in terms of either behaviors or mindsets or attitudes or any of that kind of stuff。

嗯。I think there are。Definitely some elements。 this is going to sound kind of counterintuity。

 but it's going to sound interesting， but just bear with me。There are some elements within being。

Like。Successful in other areas like aur and stuff like that。

 which obviously help you a lot with women， but there's also some that don't。Does that makes sense。

LearningLning the elements that convey high value to women。iss obviously going to be very。

 very important， but like you know， the work I think that comes from being successful in your career and stuff like that。

 you can apply that to you know， getting better in that other area like putting in the work to get better that's very。

 very important。But。For example， the way that you communicate sometimes with people in your work or the way that you communicate with like when you're talking to your boss or something like that。

 which is going to help you， you know， in your career。

 that may not be the same way that you would communicate with women， you know what I mean so。Yes。

 like he like we get a lot of like the very like the a lot of like the tech guys and a lot of guys that are very like。

You know， a lot of guys that are very smart with like tech and and all that sort of stuff and。

But it's like those that like that the technical mentality， like that technical side of it。

It can help you with understanding， but it can't always help you with communicating does that make sense sure yeah。

Sure， sure， what do you this is again I'm asking you tough questions。

 but what do you think are the central things that differentiate a high value guy from a guy who's not as high value？

I think behavior man I think behavior is very， very important there's here's the thing right you can there's behavior there's understanding the behavior and then there's also understanding how to portray that behavior that doesn't make you come across as low value right so you can have high value behaviors or you can have high value traits within your life but then your ability to communicate that to somebody else is also very very important like so let's take this example of like。

Okay， like， for example， like being like financially well off， right。

 having a decent amount of money。 and that's like a very。That's a very easy you know example to make。

 but for example， the people that have more money are supposedly like the guys that you know do well with women all that。

 but the problem is is a lot of the time they can't convey that correctly you know what I mean like the guy that has a lot of money that does the whole like the whole thing of like meets the go at the bar and accidentally slips out the ATM receipt that shows the bank account you know what I mean that in and of itself like just like you're displaying it in the low value way so there's that for sure。

And then there is， there is understanding the behavior。

 and then there's understanding the way to communicate it。 So， for example。

 like assertiveness for me is like a very， very。Asserttiveness for me。

 is definitely a behavior that I。I'm aware of I think it's very， very high value to be assertive。

 but I think a lot of people get it mixed up like being assertive like being able to you know。

 ask for what you want being able to。You know like make not even demands but like ask things of people but not doing it in a way that's being a dick like not being not doing it like offending people is not being assertive you know what I mean so people get this idea of like okay I need to be assertive I need to set my boundaries I need to you know tell people what I want but a lot of times they end up doing it in a way that like pisses people off or hurts their feelings and stuff like that so。

That's very important as well， like understanding the difference between being versus portraying。

Yeah， I think yeah， one thing about you guys you guys on on the here won't know。

 but if you hang out around James at all you'll know that his style of game is really calibrated。

 like incredibly incredibly well calibrated to the point that like he's able to be polarizing enough to do really well and to get attention on him and lead and that kind of stuff。

 but he also like I've never really seen him like offend people right which is is absolutely like crazy my question for you in learning game and learning to be assertive So like that did you ever go like out of bounds and have to offend and learner or you always like Mr。

 calibrated。The funny thing is I believe that was。One of the elements that I was pretty good at。

Prior to learning game like social social calibration， social calibration， I think。😊。

I was relatively assertive before learning game， but after understanding game and after high value understanding high value that。

Taught me to kind of like zone in on it a bit more， you know what I mean。

 I was like a little bit aware of it and I knew that I was a little bit more like assertive。

 a little bit more kind of like loud and。Stuff like that。But once I learned game and once I learned。

 hey， this is something that's high value， I learned to tap into it more。

Like definitely of course there were times where I've offended people if I was to sit here and say。

 you know， I've gotten， I've spent eight years in developing myself developing my game or actively at least anyway and have never offended any。

 but I would definitely be a lie but but yeah that was something that was a little bit more I was a little bit more aware of and I was a little bit more like。

😊，I don't say natural， but I definitely。I had some basic social skills before coming into this for sure gotcha。

 Yeah， you know， I had like some some level of success and that kind of stuff for sure， All right。

 how about in dealing with students what are the biggest low value things that students do。

 especially low value things they don't know they're doing， but any level low value ones at all。

 whether in game or even just in life in general that you see over and over again， for sure。

Conveying man to woman or conveying premise or conveying like like showing that man to woman intent in a way that's blatantly chasing。

Okay， that one you see which is it's funny because that's that's a part of learning。

 you know what I mean like that is a part of learning so for the guy who doesn't know how to show intent for the guy who doesn't know how to make it manda woman that's going to be。

😡，I mean ideally better than not doing it at all， it's not ideal， it's not the ideal way。

 but if that's the path you need to go through to get to a point where you can show it in a high value way。

😡，Then that's better than not doing it all， and I do see that a bit， I especially see that via text。

Guys like trying to be overly flirty， trying to be overly like manda womanman。

 but just doing it in a way that's like chasing， like putting her on a pedestal like conveying like hey I'm the one chasing you I see that a lot for sure。

And then behaviors in general， let me think。I'm a very。

 very strong believer that when you learn to communicate， well。

 like I see so many errors with Gu delivery。Okay， I see a lot of errors with guys delivery that it doesn't matter what they're saying it shows I'm not confident in myself。

 I'm not confident in myself， I'm not confident in what I'm saying I'm nervous about this situation。

 I'm nervous in general， and I think when guys learn。The difference between。

Conveying that like shy nervousness， low value versus the confidence and learning the difference in that。

 like just to give you a few examples like speaking quietly versus speaking loudly， speaking very。

 very quickly like speaking quietly quickly and with trying reportality like I know for anyone that's been in game long enough obviously we've heard the tonality talk so many times but yeahve I've also seen it with my own eyes like how many times a guy will be talking to a girl and they'll be doing these errors and it's like。

And they're asking me like， what should I have said differently。

 what should I have said and it's it's。Of course， that's very， very important。

 You need to be able to have， you know， decent conversation skills。

 but if you can't at a fundamental level。Ptray yourself as somebody who's relatively confident in what they're saying then that's gonna to make a very。

 very big difference And that's something for sure that makes a difference across your whole life。

 not just when you're talking to women。 Yeah it's like you can say all the right things but if you're the wrong person saying nobody is gonna buy it exactly and that's actually something that I tell to guys like when I'm teaching them about this。

 I say， you know there's things in game that you can only practice when you're talking to women and there's things in game that you can practice in every single social interaction that you have and that's something that you can practice in every interaction It's like if you're working on this you know do it with you know when you go to buy your coffee in the morning if you want' to buy coffee in the morning or you know when you're talking to colleagues at work when you're having a conversation colleagues at work when you're talking to friends on the phone when you're talking to family。

 be aware of your delivery， be aware of how you're coming across。YouA I speaking loudly and clearly。

 am I speaking with breaking and report anality， am I speaking really quickly or you know am I speaking slow and clearly。

 things like that's so important， so so important。😊，Gotcha。

 gotcha So in in game when you you know approach a girl you're。

 you're dealing socially or stereotypically in a situation where it's assumed that she probably has more value than you at the start。

 right that's not necessarily that that's the assumption you should have。

 but that's the assumption most people have Do you have any particular gotos or things that you like to do like maybe it's a technique or thing you like to say or a mentality or something you do to set the frame in your favor。

 like to kind of get get control in the relation in the interaction or to assume the position of power。

 maybe flip the and that kind of。 you have any go to definitely one that I like a lot。Is。

Whatever you use to open， whether it's going completely direct， whether it's going situational。Yeah。

 whether it's somewhere in between。Instead of going with this mindset of like， I'm here， I'm 100%。

Like we're ready to have this conversation like I'm here to get to know you。

 I'm so down from the very beginning， a good mentality that I love is whatever it was that inspired me to walk up and start this conversation。

That is as far as I'm inspired and from there I'm willing to get to know more。

 but I'm not completely sold So for example， it's like you know she's。

You know she's got like a summary look and you're like hey like I love this summary look about you blah。

 blah， blah， blah right it's not hey I love this summary look and I'm completely sold and I'm ready to like let's exchange numbers。

 let's go on a date it's like you know I like this summary look now what else？😊。

Like what else is there about you， you know， and that mentality of not being completely sold from the get go。

 I think that helps a lot for sure。Gotcha gotcha， gotcha are there any like I don't say like regrets in your learning process or things that that held you back in terms of learning game and learning value or maybe another way of saying it is if you had to go back and do it over like the last eight years。

 what would you do differently definitely definitely definitely there was a period in my game where I was specifically focused on what to say I was there was a period in my learning where I was not confident in my conversational abilities and I spent a lot of time。

Trying to improve that。嗯。The issue was there was a period of time where I learned very much from this。

 you know， self ause and you know， get yourself in a good mood and don't filter at all what you're saying。

 just say whatever comes to your mind and that's enough and the problem was at that point。

 I didn't have nowhere near as strong of an understanding of what is high value。

 what portrayed high value and。Just as importantly， what is low value， what portrays low value。

 I didn't have as much of an understanding of that right。

 so it was just like get in a good mood and talk and say whatever。

And cool I learned how to have longer conversations definitely my interactions got longer but the quality of them didn't get better and that was that was because I didn't have that understanding so one of the things that I。

😊，I mean。To be fair， like if I had of learn more about having like high value verbal game。

 like really structured game， like I didn't learn structured game from the beginning。

And I think if I had a learned structured game from the beginning。

 it would have made a massive difference or it would have like quickened my learning a lot more sure。

Makes sense， make sense。 Yeah， sounds good。 sounds good。

 what if you were to I'm gonna this way I'll kind of end end here if you were to define what what。

Actually， here's an interesting question because this is what we're going to talk about in a sense again I'm putting on the spot like crazy。

 by the way I did not tell James you to be asked these questions putting them on the spot in a minute we're going to talk about UVVP unique value proposition like what makes a guy special it makes it unique whatever if you were to express。

 what is your UVP when you talk to a girl is what is she getting。

 what is she experiencing what is it that you're putting out that makes you special or unique or different。

Mmh， definitely。嗯。I'm going to say one to start off with and it's going to be pretty obvious and finally enough I thought this was a lot more powerful in the beginning before our new game。

 but definitely like the international thing or the Australian thing definitely like being。😊。

Being a foreigner， like for those who don't know like I live in Spain now。

 like I'm Australian originally， but I'm based in Barcelona now。

That obviously is a one of the UVVPs but at the same time I thought that as well before I learned game and I used to think that that was the only like I would you know you walk up to a girl in a foreign country and you have this have this foreign accent and they just take their pennieties off for you and that definitely wasn't the case but that is one of them definitely。

Like worldly knowledge and actually a lot of understanding about communication and a lot of understanding about like how people interact and how to communicate well。

 that's definitely one like that's definitely a strong point that I have。😊，U。And。Very much as well。

 like I know that because of my independence and because of like the kind of worldly knowledge that I've gathered from like a lot of traveling that I've done and all that sort of stuff。

I know that I'm a very independent person and that when I bring a girl into my life like。

I have the independence to be able to like bring her into it and。Like。

I'm not gonna be relying on her Okay you know what I mean I'm not gonna be relying on her。

 I'm not gonna be like trying to get things from her。

 It's more like this is me like this is what I'm doing and I'm totally sweet with what I'm doing and I know that it's fine and you're welcome to be a part of it if you want and I know it's going to be good for you if you are but if not it doesn't matter got that plus being Australian plus brilliantli an internally selfsuffient well traveled at Australian pretty much and and Australian as well。

How do we know how you convey Australian because every time you open your mouth。

 how do you convey the rest of that？From。From how you communicate with the world and other people when you're with women。

 okay？嗯。Like， I'll give you an example， like even this kind of comes。

 this kind of comes back to the assertiveness thing and the whole like the difference between。

Being asserted versus being a dick。 So like， for example。

 I was in Sweden at one point with a girl I'm dating and。We， we were out at this place。

 like just went out。Random knife to a bar to get some drinks， whatever。And there was a spot at。

The bar that we wanted to sit， but there was only one chair。

And then close by there was two other women that were relatively attractive。

 like dressed up pretty well looking pretty decent and there was like one or two extra seats next to them and so I just walked up and I was like oh hey guys。

 excuse me are you guys using these seats， you mind if I use this seat and they're like yeah。

 find no worries。And that's a small thing。 But the thing is。

 there's a lot of people that probably wouldn't do that。 You know， I mean。

 there's a lot of people that probably wouldn't。It's a very small askrc but it's like。

 I believe that what I'm doing is fine， I believe that what I'm doing is not a problem and there's no reason why you should object。

And it's going to make that situation better so because of that we were able to sit where we wanted well able to have the view that we wanted we were able to have that experience because I was able to assert myself into a situation to improve that or another one for example like。

Out getting food and。For example， like you order some food and one part comes out late and it's cold and you want to get it changed right and say hey。

You know， do you mind， if you guys change this， it's just like it's not really。

How it should be it's a little bit cold or whatever。

 and you're able to do that in a way that one you get what you want， but you don't。

You don't upset anybody， you don't， you know， make a deck of yourself。

 you don't destroy the situation， you can improve that situation。Right。

 that for me is something that I'm very， very well aware of and I know that I can do and I know that I can portray。

Got it， got it。 It makes sense。 So that's that all makes sense。

 And if you're already with the girl and she's spending some time with you。

 that definitely can can all add up right because those are are very small things。

 But it is the experience of you over time that those things are adding up。

 What about in the first few minutes of an interaction because I'm guessing you don't like ask for chair is your way to the girl's heart right what in the first start of the interaction helps you to communicate that it helps the girl to realize that you you're different than the average guy first thing I'm thinking is delivery like I've said。

 like like we spoke on before， the first thing I'm thinking is delivery Okay that's the first thing Am I conveying myself。

As a person who is confident， who is high value， who。

Like believes it he iss a high value person right that's that's the first thing that i'm thinking of and that's the first thing that I recommend like if you're scanning over your interactions to try to think about what could I have done better what could I how could I improve that's the first thing I'll look at the second thing is。

Am I。Saying what I'm saying in a way that is not trying to sell myself。

 am I not trying to oversell myself am I not like being too try hard， being too supplicating。

 stuff like that， that's another one that I'm very， very， very aware of。😡，For example。

 the Australian thing right like so here's an example。A lot of people。

 if you were to enter a social interaction and you knew that you had an advantage from being a foreigner。

A lot of people would try to talk up the fact that they're a foreigner。😡。

as opposed to when I get asked a question， if anything， I talk it down。

I talk it down a little bit because I know that it's， I know that it's an advantage。

 I know that it's like a like a。I know there's a little one up thing。

 but it me being like yeah I'm from Australia， have you ever heard of that place。

 have you been there， you know no， Im why that she's like， oh。

 you have an accent I'm like oh really and she's like oh where are you from I'm Australian？😊。

I'm not like I'm Australian you know I'm not trying to like I'm not trying to like I'm not waiting for that reaction so the things that I'm aware of that help me I'm making sure am I overselling this or am I talking am I toning it down am I presenting it in a way that portrays the high value。

Or am I not that's that's another thing that I'm very aware of and that's another thing that you know guys should be very aware of in the interactions like what like a very。

 very common one and this comes up you know， very often is what do you do for work。Right。

And of course， guys should know like the high value answer versus like the low value answer。

 but also being able to portray that。Like。Like for example。

 when somebody asks me what I do like I to say I work from home or like at the moment I say I work from home or if someone says like。

 you know， what do you do for work， I'm like， oh you know， I have to travel a bit for work。

 but I mostly work like remotely from my computer， I talk about it in a way that I'm turning it down。

Right makes sense but you did you said like you said you travel works you you said the nice thing the cool thing and the interesting thing。

 but then you didn't make a big deal like I travel for work。

 I'm so amazing you're like and I travel for work sometimes I home to right exactly yeah if anything you're saying in a way。

Like you're saying it in a way that it's more a burden to you than it is like a positive thing that you're trying to sell。

 Does that makes sense， right That's a very， very important and a very good way to like portray and communicate the high value things about yourself。

 especially in the early parts of the interaction one thing I'll do along those I'm you probably do it too sometimes is I'll actually make them ask me twice or I'll make them work it out of me even you really want to know or I can tell you in a minute but actually this other thing like just building a little mystery about it and having them ask me again actually works really well along those lines too and even like doing it in a way that's like I don't really like to talking about it。

 you know what I mean it's like I've got this really cool thing that like get to travel the world and do all this sort of stuff and it's actually pretty fucking cool but it's like I don't really like talking about it can if you really want to know like we can talk about it it's not that big of a deal you're downplaying it makes sense that's super important for sure。

CoSo I'm to ask you one more question's it's related to one I kind of got from the chat that the chat question was I'm not going to ask you this exactly。

 but the chat question was what should a newbie do you know on day one to establish value or whatever question I'm going to ask you is this。

 which is。You've coached a lot of students now and you've given a lot of different missions and exercises and different things like that what would you say is like your go to exercise for a guy that is maybe has some of the right ideas maybe knows a little about again。

 but he's just not conveying himself as a valuable person what is maybe like a go to exercise or some kind of assignment or some kind of mission or something you'd give someone when that's their thing there they understand intellectually。

 but they're just not executing on being high value。

From like a belief stage or from like an execution stage。

 either or it can be like a mentality you give them or it can be an exercise you give or both。

Mentality is definitely。Definitely like even writing down the things that make you high value。

 like writing down okay， these are specific traits about me personally that make me a win for a girl and understanding that like and having the mindset behind that that's。

That's going to help a lot because once you learn to believe it yourself or once you practice believing it yourself and build that belief that helps so much more with the communication as to as opposed to say this line without the belief behind it。

 you know what I mean， so I like I like the idea of really trying to build a belief。

Another one that I'll do I'll do this a lot with texting。

 guys guys that are working on their texting， I'll say write out the text。

 write out the message that you are going to say and think about the frame it's coming from。

If this frame is I'm chasing， I'm selling myself， I'm putting you on a pedestal。

Think about the message that's being portrayed and then learn to flip that to a different frame。

 learn to change the frame so that you're coming from a more of a more of a。A buyer。

 not a stellar frame or like like an evaluation like I'm interested butm not completely sold like that sort of frame that helps a lot。

😊，And you can do that as well like I have guys do that when they record themselves like when they record their interactions。

 I'm like， okay， you said this， this is the frame， what's a better frame that you could have said the same thing or portrayed the same message。

Sure， makes makes a lot of sense。 by the way， just to throw this out there。 James。

 obviously is one of my coaches that's why he's on here。

 One thing he does he travels around and does live programs with me。

 he also does a lot of online coaching。 So when he's mentioning things like guys sending him recordings and that kind of stuff what he'll do is he'll do a call with someone and then like if they've recorded and infield set。

 he'll break that down or if they've done text they'll send him the text and that kind of stuff So that's how he he's able to work really really personally and closely with guys so he's getting a lot of experience in doing that。

 I think maybe even done sometimes or even live on the call while they talk to girls and stuff like that。

 So that's what he's talking about when he's referring to that kind of stuff and definitely if you guys in the future do want to do coaching James is one of one of four coaches that currently have that are doing that kind of stuff。

 So definitely something to look into thank you for the really good insights in general。

 I had one final question for it's more of a joke question but is how do you become Australian wanted how you become Australian。

There's a think I think there's a video on YouTube that you can watch and it's like the way that people say things in normal English versus Australian English。

 if there was one thing that you could do like to quickly become Australian。

 learn the abbreviations and。😊，We're on the slang that we have and that'll help a lot。😊，so yeah。

 James very very cool guy， very Australian， but also very international。

guy who's just quickly becoming one of my top coaches。

 he's just really on point with all his answers just the way I see him work with students is just second time he's just like detailed on point with what they need and really gives gives the great answers gives the feedback no fluff no bullshit yeah appreciate it coming on here and talking a little bit about your journey and talking a little bit about it's funny because value is just the accumulation of a lot of little things but these little things really do go a long way right the mentality that you mentioned with your initial approach to focusing on getting the delivery the right way being assertive not being a dick and then knowing your UVP all these different things of course thank you for having me it's been fun of course yeah thanks so much all right I'd say like give James a virtual hand guys and then I'll get on with with the rest of the presentation as scheduled thanks again you so much cool。

Al right， cool。All right， so little little insight。 again。

 it's funny because I say this over and over that being a high value。

 it's not necessarily something you do。 it's the way you do certain things right。

 So so James is pretty like unassuming he's pretty like laid back and chill。

 but the one thing he never does is he basically never qualifies himself。 He's very down to earth。

 He's very real， but he's not trying to brag。 He's not trying to prove anything。

 but he does know how to let the good things come out。

 And so he he does a really good job of not leveling himself and gets a lot of results that way。

 Okay。Cool， what I'm gonna to do now， I'm going show you guys very quickly。 one more video。

 This one is it's gonna be， I'm gonna to let this play kind of uninterrupted。

 It's about five minutes uninterrupted。 and it already has my breakdown on it。

 this is actually a clip from verbal game Academy which is yet to be released。

 It's an unreleased clip and it's about five minutes of dialogue and breakdown。

 which is a period where I'm kind of conveying some things about myself。 Some of my life story。

 some of my opinions on things。 and people ask a lot like how you convey your high value traits without bragging or how can you how can you you know tell stories in a high value way。

 that kind of stuff。 So that's what this is gonna to be kind of about it about the verbal game aspects。

 how to convey stories in the right way etcter。 I'm going to play it for you guys and then we can discuss and do some comments on it afterwards。

 So I will turn myself off turn the video on and here we go for you guys。😊。

That's the most logical answer ever， that's like if I ask you if you're a spontaneous and you're like。

 well， I plan to be next week and in terms of verbal game。

This is what we call a conversational wrinkle right， Are you I plan to be spontaneous next week。

 I don't know where I read that。 I read or heard that somewhere and I thought it was super clever。

 So what did I do， I wrote it down or I put I committed it to memory and then sometime later in my life when it came up in an interaction。

 I said it Oh I plan to be spontaneous next week or you're the type of person。

 you know what I said here， I asked if you're spontaneous， say I plan to be next week。

That's just a much cleverer way of saying it than if you're like， oh。

 you're one of those people that you you say you're spontaneous。

 but you're actually not or like you're not actually spontaneous。

 you just wish you were it's a way worth saying it that way。 saying it in this more quotable way。

 It makes you clever。 It makes you smoother。 These are just useful things to do。 I really。

 really recommend， become a student of language， become a student of words， become good with words。

 It's gonna help you so much in game。 It's gonna to help you so much in life。

 It'll help you in your work。 It'll help you in everything。 Please， please。

 please understand that language is。Super critical to how we communicate as human beings。

 the better you get with it， the better your life is going to get。

Its good to live at if you are S TVV。you're medicalOh for sure， I love it I loved it。

Well especiallyly I was in like again Hart where when I was here， I want to point out。

 notice theres a lot of game in this interaction。 as you'll see in basically all my interactions。

 there's also a lot of nonga。 There's a lot of me having normal conversation。

 giving my opinions telling stories those kind of things。 And that is really important as well。

 It's very important to normalize the game with nonga。

 There was a period in my game when I was intermediate。

 And I got really good at getting emotional reaction from girls when I just be that button pushing guy just trying to get a reaction。

 get a reaction， get a reaction and my interaction started coming off as very。

 fake and girls started flaking more。 I had less like building a connection with and that kind of stuff。

 It's important to remember to have some normal interaction call it baseline along with the game stuff which we call your plot line So baseline and plot line are two elements in game that are very important。

😊，And at an intermediate level， you're gonna to use plot lines to develop a lot of your attraction As you start to get advanced。

 you'll actually learn how to develop attraction in your baseline as well by the things that you're conveying about yourself in the frames you're putting out there。

 I feel like I don' know what this says about me when I was in Boston。

 almost every girl I did went to Harvard。 that's interesting as well。 So I just gave this fact。

 which is kind of like a boastful fact。 know when I was in Boston almost every girl I did went to Harvard。

 That's something guys would say as like look at me， I'm so cool。

 What did I do to make it not bragging before know I don't know what this says about me。

 But I actually acted like I'm like kind ashamed by it like I'm embarrassed by it。

 or I think it's kind of cheesy or silly， which then makes me saying it afterwards and nonbg。

 But I still got that information into the conversation。 And given this girl's blueprint。

 given how she sees the world and who she is。 That's the kind of thing that is impressive for her as we'll see in a second。

 I appreciated the conversation。😊，🎼Yeah， she basically says you have high standards。

 someone doesn't go to Harvard。 they can't date you。 She。

 she received the message I was putting out there quite well。 I used to I I mean。

 I still have high standards。 I used to have high standards in that way。

 I don't care as much about the resume as I used to when I was younger。 So my son Like now I care。

 I want someone ambitious。 I want someone intelligent。No。

 you asked me a question this is funny because I haven't mentioned her at all in this。

 right says this is a job interview。 She's automatically putting herself in this category。

 She's automatically considering whether she meets my standards。

 whether she fits this criteria that I'm putting out there right So again， she's getting the message。

 She's getting the message that I'm considering her in amanda Wo way and she's getting the message that she's being interview and it's funny because a lot of times if you do evaluation wrong。

 she'll say is this a job interview in this case， I didn't even I haven't even been obvious at all about the fact that it's about her the fact that evaluation。

 but she is feeling even though technically there's nothing she can point to that says I'm interviewing her。

 she's feeling that same sort of like pressure to impress that she would in a job interview So you can tell that she's feeling like。

😊，She's feeling that desire to impress and that sort of pressure press。

 she's feeling that I'm someone with standards， which is something I do want to put out there。

Goodness oh my goodness， now standards have elevated if anything but I care more about the experience I have with someone than about you know what alma mat are they。

They hail from。You know sometimes the past might not be US indicatorators。

sure you do work in finance。So that's a joke that's what they say on every because I do I run an investment fund。

 that's what they say on every prospectus like past performance is no guaranteeee of future results anyway same Yeah there you go。

Some models that didn't work out well， Yeah， indeed， indeed。看。

So what am I gonna to find out about you as we get to know each other that's gonna make me totally think you're a terrible idea。

 so this is an overt qualifier we mentioned like the levels of qualifiers from just being a high value guy to asserting a frame machine。

 seeing if she follows to challenging her to flat out asking her to qualify This is flat out asking her to qualify。

 but I've done it in a clever way。 So instead of asking her what's cool about you。

've I've asked her the opposite。 I've asked her what's awful about you that's going to disqualify you。

 So I'm getting there again in a backhanded way and the same way that like premise in the negative is less of a risk than premise in the positive evaluation in the negative in this case is less of a risk than evaluation in the positive。

So I'm setting that evaluating frame， but that first one is not one that she can sidestep easily if she wants to because if you say what's cool about you shoot be like oh nothing。

 I'm not that impressive If you go what's awful about you she can't be like oh nothing because now she's actually trying to qualify So it's a nice little starter it's funny because you're not technically asking her to qualify but you are putting her in a qualifying realm and you're doing it in a very safe way may as well just。

阿咪咪你呢度咪你。What else do you think is important to know？I mean， so far。

 youve seem know weighty and relatively exemplary in some ways。But you know。

 everyone has their skeletons。how many exboyfris have you brutally murdered right and obviously I hope the answer is zero。

 I really， really hope the answer is zero。 and what am I doing though I'm doing qualification。

 doing evaluation but I'm doing in this lighthearted fun way by exaggerating learn the value of exaggeration and humor it will help you get away with so。

 so， so much more So the fact that I'm exaggerating it， making it funny。

 I'm making it lighthearted means that I can really get into all kinds of different things。

 and obviously the whole frame here is a joking， teasing frame like backhanded frame。 But again。

 I can get into seriously qualifying her in a very fun joking way where I'm giving very little my power way。

 I'm not making it too serious， I'm not making it feel too much like an interview。Yeahさ。

There are not many people who havet title。Okay。Fair enough。So nobody was murdered。

 100% of a small number， nobody was murdered。They died of natural causes， heartbreaks natural。

 right that's？哎。多じ。and this is actually a good thing is is a subtle detail。

 but so we're talking we have this joke and then there's a silence and rather than me trying to fill the silence and continue the conversation because the situation where I did challenge her and she hasn't fully answered the question I'm gonna leave the silence to hang and let her talk about it。

 let her explain when you've given a girl an opportunity to qualify don't then start talking over and deny that opportunity or take away that opportunity or make it too easy for her let that social pressure hang in the air。

 give the girl a legitimate challenge trust that what you've done is good enough trust that she likes you especially if you're already through premise into an evaluation period in the interaction。

 you can trust she likes you a little bit， you can leave the pressure on and make her actually deal with it a little bit。

 make her actually like give you an answer， make her actually like when you give girl a shit test。

 don't just also throw a lifeline， make her actually pass the shit test sometimes。

There are different types， there are different cases when someone has a mutual agreement。

To end things or。someone's being an asshole。I think I'll hire you from my PR team。

 and you're very good at like spinning things in a good way。All right。

 so that is just a quick little example of， I mean。

 it's not like the flashiest infield you ever see or anything like that。

 but it's a good segment of just a little bit of the back and forth that goes on when you are qualifying someone and you're kind of having normal conversation but you're throwing in a little gamey elements。

 you're throwing in little qualifiers。And a good understanding to have is that that good game shouldn't look or feel like game。

 It should be relatively subtle。 So I want you to notice that that seems like just conversation。

 but there's these like little game elements is that little slow progressive escalation that's going on there。

 And obviously some of the breakdown that was focusing on the verbal you know from the upcoming verbal game。

 But it was a segment that is very much about value and about how I'm conveying myself。

 can you can see the frame， you can see who's qualifying to whom in that in that example。

 you can see her like justifying and rationalizing various things， etc ce。

 And the funny thing if and when you eventually watch the full clip is she started out earlier on in the interaction is having a very。

 very strong frame and I believe my thing I'm you know I put a lot on the play guys have to like you know cowt to me and that guy stuff。

 she even said like very few people have that distinction in terms of being her boyfriend。

 So that's her mentality overall。So anyway， a good overall example of a lot of things and hopefully it brings home that idea of qualifying。

 I wanted you guys to see just some of the subtle qualifying that goes on in in game in general。

Alright。Is this hopefully the right thing？Hopefully， even though it says the wrong session on it。

Yeah， yeah， we got the wrong slides。We're going to have to get my team to get the right slides on here for me。

 so we will mix this right now。And then。Get the right ones on here In the meantime。

 I'll just start going through just talking to you guys without the slides because I have them on my other computer anyway。

 so we'll start there。Okay， so the topic I want to start out with while we're waiting on the full slide presentation to come up is I want to talk about the idea of what is self-esteem。

 and more specifically， I just want to make give you a phrase because we all heard of selfesteeem。

 we all know what that is。 but want to make the point that we're focusing focusing on what's gonna convey you is I call it selfesteeem。

 not others esteem。's that's my focus in what I do。

 So I don't if you're trying to make something great if you're trying to do something with your life etc。

 if you're constantly worrying about how other people are going to perceive it。

 you're never going to please everybody and you're of constantly just drive yourself insane's it's impossible to have the esteem of all others and running around chasing it as a fool's err。

So instead of worrying about that， instead of worrying about others's esteem。

 worry about self esteem， ask yourself， will I be proud of myself if I do this。

 will I be happy with this effort and that should be your ultimate standard。嗯。Oh。

 I see that's why interesting。 Well， that's over now as far as the echo。 sorry about the echo guys。

 little late to fix it now， but sorry about that。In any case， yeah。

 so focusing on your own thing and the mentality you want to have to be successful is instead of having 7 billion people in the world or almost eight now have their attitude towards you be neutral nondiapproving because that's what get if you try and please everyone you get 8 billion neutral nondiapproving people in the world instead your goal。

 if you want to be successful， have a business or whatever is to have a0 raving fans if you can have that。

 you are set for life。 you have1 thousand raving fans of 10 people that just absolutely love you and would go to the ends of the earth for you would do anything for you or in terms of business or the most loyal loyal customers。

 the most loyal fans， that kind of thing。 That's what you're looking for And the funny thing is if you do that if you just look for that that small amount of really like body and people who are your people because you're being absolutely true to yourself then you're actually gonna be more popular with more people anyway and you're gonna have that deeper connection。

 But you're going for that mass appeal you'll end up getting no appeal oftentimes and that's what most people end up doing So I just want to point out that。

Is it's self esteem， not others' esteem， all right？Next concept。

 which we talked about a little bit yesterday， but I just want to point out is the idea that your value comes from your values。

 right。Let's refresh this。Here we go。All right。So we're live again。 So self-esteem not others esteem。

 which I talked about next thing is your value comes from your values right so again。

 we talked yesterday about playing on the right on the right playing field。

 we talked about Lebron versus Michael Phelps right if you're playing from if you're playing a sport where the values are the things value are swimming。

 Michael Phelps is gonna win you're playing a sport where the values are jumping and being big and and being able to throw a ball through a hoop Lebron James is gonna win。

 So again， your value comes from your values and you want to very much set your values speak your values。

 that kind of stuff。Another great mentality of a winner is a mentality to do what's right。

 not what's easy。 I'm not going to go too much depth on this right now because we discussed it briefly on day one as well。

 but the idea that life is a and this is like you could write down this quote。

 if you had like a list of Todd quotes， this is a todd quote that like should be written down。

 which is that life is a series of choices between the right thing and the easy thing and your success will be proportional to the amount of times you did the right thing rather than the easy thing and the times when the right and easy thing or the same are largely irrelevant because everybody is doing them when you like eating to stay alive。

 everybody's doing that， you're not gonna to set yourself apart by doing that。

 you're not setting yourself apart by breathing。 you're not setting yourself apart by sleeping。

 although if if you don't sleep， you could definitely mess yourself up but the things that everybody's doing。

 you're not setting yourself apart by doing。But the things that are hard。

 the things that people are failing at， you should actually be very I was I saying it going embraces the word you should embrace those because that's your opportunity to set yourself apart that's where you actually become excellent All right couple thoughts on business success I'm not going go super deep in business at some point maybe I'll do a whole course on business investing finance。

 who knows whatever and especially maybe being entrepreneur managing a team and that kind of stuff who knows but couple of things I just want to put out to you because success in life does translate to success in dating and because we do want to be high value guys in general。

 wherever you work， no matter what you do。Remember， I told you guys internal locus of control。

 you're in charge of your own situation， you're in charge of your own life。

 The mentality you need to have is that you work for yourself period。

 even if you work within a company， because you are your own job security you are the person who is going keep you safe from being fired because you become so invaluable to the company and you're going to become safe from being unemployed because you become so good at your job and so good at the related tasks that if you had to replace it with another one。

 you absolutely could get another job almost instantly。

 So the point is even if you work intrinsically you work for yourself and your job is become so valuable to that company。

 so irreplaceable that company that you literally are replace one。

 you can grow within it and or you can eventually literally work for yourself。

 if you ever want to and you should have the skills and the ability for that。 But again。

 self-reliance。Primarily you need to be able to take care of yourself。

 even if you are working synergistically with others and even if other people are contributing。

 you should be at least capable because now you're coming from a place of abundance。

 coming from a place of offering value and everything that you do。

And here's an interesting question that I like this came from from feedback from last night。

 so is the question is this I'm still trying to understand if my being high value is the same as offering value in business。

 for instance does Ts being a high value individual impact the value I receive from value masterclass as a customer does Jeff Bezo's value affect the value I receive when I shop at Amazon I'm sure there's a link and that they're both related but I would love help in making the connection。

😊，So I would say that there's the answer is actually less so than you're implying by this I don't think that you're getting extra value from your purchase at Amazon because Jeff Bes is a high value person。

 not really you're getting the value of the product and you're getting the value of Amazon service and that kind of stuff you're not you're not benefiting from Jeff Bezo a social value。

 that's not helping it in anyway， however， if someone does make a good company if someone does make a good product。

 the definition almost of a good company or a good product is the ability to help a lot of people and therefore then be paid for that help。

So in that sense， you are now in the case of this I'm literally teaching you value。

 I would certainly hope that me being a high value person will help you to have more value and achieve more out of it because otherwise if I were teaching this and I were like zero value myself be like you know there'd be nothing for me to teach so in this case。

 yes me being high value is probably central to value masterclass and I certainly hope you perceive me that way because hopefully that's why you're here but Jeff Bezos is having social value probably doesn't mean much however。

 within within the business if you were working in the business。

 him having social value could help him negotiate better contracts for the business and make the business more successful or if you were partner with the business know having him as an ally could be more useful because he has that social value etc and him being socially intelligence and able to manage a team better or motivate better or inspire better might help with running the business so there are a lot of these traits of high value with women and traits of high value socially that do transfer over to business for sure but yeah。

It's not like it there's this kind of like or an ethos that gets like you know transplanted from one person onto everything they touch or something like that that's kind of that's kind of taking it a little bit far but a lot of these things are useful in business I would say for the most part if you want to take the skills of game to business what you want to do is take out obviously the parts that are specifically mandawo because that's not relevant instead of that instead of that premise of manda woman have a different premise that is a relevant business premise because every communication has a premise but the premise is mandawo in game。

 the premise is something different in business for example shared value or mutually beneficial like arrangements or contracts or something like that could be the premise in business you want to take that out and then the other thing you want to do is you want to tone down the being polarizing and you want to tone up well for initial advertising maybe can be polarizing and stuff but for doing business ongoing having relationships you want to really tone up the offering value and providing to relationships。

And the idea of over deliveringring and leaving people very satisfied there's this concept in negotiating that if you could negotiate for a 9010 solution where you get 90% of the value the this side gets 10。

 maybe you should negotiate for that， but then you should give them a little bit back at the end give them 15 back15 instead of 10 at the end because that way they're going to walk away from it and not feel like they got totally used in the negotiation and then they'll do business with you the next time also so instead of doing 19010 negotiation。

 maybe you do maybe do an 8020 or 8515 negotiation over and over and over again and on net that's a much better value So you do want to think a lot more long termm and strategically and you want to think a lot more about real tangible value being offered rather than social or perceived value when it comes to a business because eventually business is about doing the business okay so I talked about it working for yourself talked about being your own job security。

I want to focus on this concept if you are enough。This is a huge concept in game。

And it has its pros and its cons right has its pros and its cons in game。

 the idea that you are enough is basically a way to develop more confidence。

 a way to believe that your higher value and a way to you approach girls that are maybe intimidating and not be so overawed by it not be not to like know in your head and still be able to like communicate it and do your best game and that's all very。

 very useful。 And in the short term i。e。 going at one particular night or one particular day or talking to one particular girl。

 the that attitude that you are enough is absolutely great。 However， on the long term。

 the attitude that you are enough is absolutely flawed because you want to be constantly improving every single day and constantly making yourself more So it's this weird dichotomy of you are enough in this moment but if you're still this thing a month from now that will no longer be enough because you will have let yourself down and this comes down to again kind of self-esteem。

There's esteem and the idea of process orientation meaning you should be proud of yourself if you are doing the right things。

 but you shouldn't judge yourself on the result moment to moment so as long as you're on the path towards selfimpement be really really proud of yourself but don't be insecure about the fact you're not there so if you're going to the gym and losing weight be happy be proud of yourself and take promise and take solace and take happiness from every pound you lose or every pound of muscle you gain but the other hand。

 don't look yourself in the mirror and judge yourself every single day and be harsh on yourself and in the meantime if you're talking to girls while you still haven't lost all the way don't think of yourself as a disgusting fat person think of yourself as a a person who is on their weight to the phys they want by the way I'm not saying like fat people are disgusting or anything like that speaking in terms of mentality although I think aesthetically more people prefer non-fat people than others okay so yeah so there's pros and cons to this in business as well in sales in marketing and believing your product and in negotiation。

Having this idea of abundance and this idea that you're bringing a lot of value to the table is absolutely critical。

However， a lot of businesses， especially businesses in the self-help area that I've seen and some that have been seen more closely than others。

 they can take this idea of you are enough too far。

 and they kind of have this idea that we're offering what we claim to be value。

 And if the customer doesn't think that's value， that's the customer's fault。

 that's the customer bad or whatever。 whereas fundamentally。

 that's getting away from the primary goal of what business is。

 which is serving the customer primary idea of business， if you serve the customer well enough。

 you will be paid handsomely for。 And you obviously have to be smart about how you do it etc。

 But that's the idea。 So if you get this idea that you are the shit and you are you are enough in all ways and don't have to improve。

 you're gonna to stagnate in business and that's going be problematic for you。

 So you are enough is a good mentality in some context， not in others。

 and it is very powerful and very useful， but it's not a universal truth。

 It's a model models are only as good as their assumptions， models are only as good in the situation。

 So youre enough is a great mentality to have sometimes awful mentality to have other times。

 I want you to。Understand the distinction and know where to use it and where not to use it。

 which is one idea of pickup that is not good in other parts of the chat and the sorry other parts of life sorry so I was reading the chat and I said other parts of life。

Okay， other concept。 I'll talk you about this briefly。 I have talked about this other places。

 but it's been a while， so you may not have seen it in my work。 The question may arise。

 How can I think of myself as a man of value when I haven't achieved all the goals that I've set out for myself yet。

 maybe I'm not rich yet。 I'm working on it， hopefully， but I'm not there yet。

 Maybe I'm not in shape yet， I'm working on it， but I'm not there yet。

 I don't have all the skills with women， I haven't learned all the techniques and whatnot。

 How can I believe that I am offering all this value right now。Well。

 the fact of the matter is if you are on that path， you are still and already a man of value。

 and the example I've given for this before， which I'll give briefly again is if you were Bill Gates in his garage about to build Microsoft or starting to build Microsoft you are your time at that moment is effectively worth just as much as your time as a successful Bill Gates is because you are on that path and because you're building that company Now if Bill Gates had just sat back and been like I'm not gonna to do this work in the garage because my time is worth $300 a second or whatever then in that case。

 this time would automatically no longer be worth that $300 a second So this assumption that you can borrow abundance in your future。

 the assumption that you can borrow value from your future and act like that high value guy already is only true if you're doing the work to make it true。

 otherwise you're lying to yourself and you're living in delusion but if you are on the path if you're on the path to being the successful guy if you're on the path to being the person you want to be it is absolutely okay to act like you're already there and you kind of should and in fact if a girl met you。

Alongong that path， she would be just as well off if not better off than if she'd met you once you were already there Okay so the idea of borrowing abundance from your future if you don't have it now is very valid but you can only borrow from a valid bank account if that makes sense you can't borrow from value that doesn't exist so you can borrow from your future if and only if you're actually building into the future if you're not it's going fall short and you you're going come up come up pretty empty over time okay。

All right。Let's talk briefly about mentalities towards rejection。

 This is something that most of us know already in game。 so we're gonna go through this quickly。

 but the way that I like to look at rejection is that every rejection is a learning experience。

 every rejection is a positive and this is one of those things that is very true in business and very true in life and very true in game obviously so the best mentality is take for me is that the mentality that game is much like sales and the way I would look at it is say you're doing。

 for example， phone sales and you have to call prospects and most of them don't know who you are。

 most of them aren't going buy from you most of them are going hang up no matter how good your sales pitches now your goal is to make your sales pitch really good and your goal is to sell as many of us as you can。

 but you should realize that no matter how good you get there's a certain amount of numbers game that is going be in effect and so every time you pick up the phone and get a rejection。

You could be down on yourself and you could be negative and you could be thinking I'm a loser， I saw。

 etc ceter， or you could be thinking， I have， you know， a five calls to one close ratio。

 I've just picked up my phone。 I got rejected。 Okay， that's one of five picked up my phone。

 got rejected2 of5 right and it's not going to be exactly one of5。

 You're not going to get the sale on the fifth call or something like that。

 but just keeping that mentality and understanding that that failures are the way to success in in pretty much anything in life。

 you have to push your limits。 you have to go to a level of failing at something or you are not going to improve。

Okay， so the mentality I look at for for failure in terms of doing approaches is there's X amount of sets to get a good set and that goes down over time。

 right when I first started a game， maybe it was 50 sets to get a girlfriend and then it became 15 and then it became five and then it became you know a very。

 very small number right so that's what you wanted to to grow towards you want to improve that numbers game。

 but it always is gonna to be that case and every time that you did your best work and got rejected。

 you learn from it， you grew from it and it was productive and useful again。

 you should develop self-esteeem from that even if you didn't develop others esteem from。From that。

Okay。嗯。I think some I believe someone put a poll live。Oh， interesting。 Okay， yeah， there's。

 there's another poll live If you guys wan to check it out。

 Someone in admin team put that up there for you guys。

 If you wan to check out that poll by all means curious to know。

Im curious to know different things about your work history and things like that helps me to know you guys a little bit better。

All right， and this is just a quote that I really like。 This is actually from Zig ziggler。

 the late great zig zigler and speaking with rejection with respect to rejection and sales。

 failure is an event， not a person。 So yes， you failed sometimes。

 but you are not a failure because you failed。 I think that really encapsulates it about as well as you possibly could。

Okay。This is a big concept。 This is a big one。 Okay， nonzero sumness。

 I'm going explain what this means。 And then I'm going explain why it's important。

 So every interaction you have with other human beings， it has a sumness characteristic。 So。

 for example， if you play a game like chess where there's one winner and one loser on net for every winner。

 there's a loser。 So adding winners and losers up， it's zero。 It's a zero sum game， it adds to0。

If you were to take a game like I used to play poker for a living in that case。

 the house is taking a cut。 So if you take the house out of it among the players at the table because the house is taking money out because the casino is taking money out。

 the players at the table on net or losing money so it's a negative sum game on net money is being lost you can still win at a negative sum game。

 I was a professional poker player won playing poker。

 so even though on net money was being lost because I won more against the other players than the casino took out of me I was able to win right so you can win in a negative sum game。

 but generally you don't want to be playing negative sum games because it's much harder to win at them。

An example of a positive sum game will be something like the global economy as technology improves as new resources are put into alignment。

 as management structures get better as human intellect is applied to new tasks and problem solving all those kind of things。

 the net amount of wealth in the world grows， And that is why in general。

 you could view something like the stock market or just the world economy as a nonze sum as a positive sum game where most likely if you're participating in it the fact you're participating it's more likely than not at least to have you grow money。

 does that mean you cannot lose， you absolutely can you can lose in business。

 you can lose in the stock market etc。 But it's a positive sum game。And in general。

 you're going to do a lot better in life if you can create positive sub situations， i。

e situations where you're working as part of a team as opposed to situations where you're all by yourself it's a very rare business that can be run by one person and get above a certain threshold like you can have a single person business and make10000 a year or 20000 a year。

 maybe even up a million a year， if you're a celebrity， a single celebrity like a singer or whatever。

 you can make a lot of money there。 but the truly， truly big businesses or the truly great businesses and and most businesses that get to a decent amount of income。

 you need to be working along with other people you need to be sharing and making things win win And so in order to have this non-ze sum cooperation in order to be part of a team that wins as opposed to an individual that wins smaller。

 there's two parts first is that self-reliance we talked about at the start becoming self-reliance so you have something of abundance to contribute and then the second is that willingness to contribute But one of the key principles to success in life and out。

S of game and actually in game as well in the long run is to make things positive some so when we talk about things like。

Like for example， social circle game versus pure cold approach game。

 Pure cold approach game is roughly zero sum right you go out and there's a certain amount of girls that are going go home with guys and if you go home with a girl that was down some other guy didn't so to speak Now if you're really good at game you meeting girls that weren't gonna to home with anybody and having them go home you actually made it a positive sum more net sex and happiness we're created in the world due to you being there but in general it's kind of like a zero sum type of a game whereas a social circle situation by its nature is kind of a positive sum game because people as friends are getting together and there maybe when persons throwing a party which is making a fun activity for other people other people are connecting each other for jobs and meeting new people that are useful to them in other areas of life and so that's positive sum and then also people are meeting and hooking up and etc so and that's one of the reasons why it kind of easier at least to get some level of success sometimes in a social circle situation than in a pure cold。

Appach situation that where the threshold of for getting value is sort of lower and why more people more people that don't know game and meet people that way now I like Hol approachach because every girl in the world is available to you and many other options as well as it being the best learning opportunity and things like that。

 but I do want to point out that being in a positive sum environment where people are largely contributing to each other and people are growing in a united way does make things a lot easier。

Okay， this is another one of those quick challenges。Actually。

 I'm gonna go one slide forward and then we'll do this one。

 One thing along the lines of this contributing and being positive。

 some is I wanted to point out that and this is this flag was actually changed。

 I I liked it the ways before someone to present it the other way。

 So the slide usually before it said good players pass frustratingly often I had this this experience growing up playing a lot of sports and watching a lot of their kids play sports that oftentimes gonna be watching a game。

 there'd be one player who was just head and shoulders better than everybody else。

 especially with young kids maybe theres like you know kids have been playing basketball for years and all the other kids is their first year playing or something like that and it always really frustrated me why that player would bother passing because they're just so much better than their teammates。

😊，That it seemed pointless and it seemed like they were giving up points every time they passed。

 but an interesting thing seemed to happen， which is two things， one as you get older and older。

 the team the players that had passed more as opposed to being ballhogs stuck with it more。

 enjoyed it more and had better teams around them and went further with the sport and even within that very season。

 the players who passed frustratingly often even though it was negative for them in that game。

 the players who passed more， their teammates ended up actually becoming decent players ended up growing together and ended up actually accomplishing something so。

Be aware that even if you could do things all by yourself in the long run。

 if you want big things out of life， you are going to need a team and sometimes you should have a team around you。

 even if it's a short term net negative， even if in the short run you'd be better off not passing and just taking the ball yourself in the long run。

 if you really want to achieve something big， you do need to figure out the whole team thing。Okay。

 we'll go back to next challenge， how to elevator pitch your work I'll keep this one pretty brief my major issue with people that do elevator pitches and trying to be high value and whatnot。

Is that there's a few different things people do。 One is they're completely unprepared and like well we that's not good right。

 so what people are taught is learn your elevator pitch。 The other thing that happens。

 And I think this is the most common one is people are way too polished like we run a X。

 Y Z label company that does this and this and this for this person。Who cares？Who fucking cares。

 right， unless I'm exactly that type of person and I want exactly what your product is。I don't care。

 And even， even aside from having me as a potential customer， which may not even be in the cards。

 no matter what， I don't care enough to find out more。

 I don't care enough to to learn if there's some synergy。

 I don't care enough to learn if I can refer you to somebody， anything like that。 So my。

 my view on this one。 I would view it a little bit the way that I view the start of an interaction in game。

Which is your first goal is not to sell。 You shouldn't be selling in the first 10 seconds。

 was similarly to how you shouldn't be selling in the first 10 seconds in game。

 What you should be doing is building value first。 And the first part of building value is building enough intrigue that you get time。

 So if you get an elevator pitch， the idea of an elevator pitch being you have a short elevator ride to convey this。

 So you have one minute maybe to convey something。 that already is a losing proposition。

 Your goal in that minute isn't to sell in one minute， In my opinion。

 your goal in that minute is to intrigue someone so that you get five minutes and then intrigue someone so that you get 10 minutes and an hour and then a customer or a raving fan or someone who's gonna spread your business' name or whatever else。

 So trying to sell too early， I think is a very bad idea。

 I think the most important thing you can do is build intrigue。

 like say something that's interesting or intriguing。

 And hopefully ideally make it relevant to the other person。

 So if I were to an obviously every business is different。

 But if I were to give something along lines of what's your ideal sales pitch or sorry your ideal elevator pitch。

I would be first relating to the other person or relating to experience they had。 So like。

 you know how X Y Z happens in life， In't that frustrating， Well， yada， yada， yada。

 something like that is going to be a lot better Or if you happen to know something about the person。

 Well， so you work in this business right And so you probably come about yada。

 yada yada that's interesting because yada yada yada right so making it relevant to the other person developing a little bit of a hook is going be a much better way to go overall and anything you can do that is kind of。

UmThat's mysterious or unique or whatever， if you can cultivate that and make the other person like ask a second or ask a third follow up question。

 that's going to get you a lot further on， okay。All right。

So you talked about that and we talked a little bit about this。

 the idea of intrinsic value versus social value how they are different things。

 but I just want to make this metaphor， which is there's the idea of being good at an interview versus being good at actually performing the job and ideally you want to be both ideally you want to be the person who offers value and actually can convey it and I've been both at various times in my life when I was young I was the guy who had intrinsic value。

 I was smart， got good grades， earmark to go to a good school。

 did all the things that your resume should have as a kid and I thought having that intrinsic value would get me girls never mind that I never spoke to any girls。

 I don't know how they were supposed to find that I had that intrinsic value。

Then I went to college and I learned game and I basically quit being all those things that I was that gave me intrinsic value because I just spent all my time gaming right so I basically didn't really drop out of school or fail out of school totally because I just got was just a really。

 really bad GPA and stopped really learning academic things and just got really good at game and that I became like a game coach and game became my life and I realized that outside of specifically game in what game could get me。

 I had very， very little and so I had become really high on social value and I had gone from someone who was pure intrinsic value to someone who actually probably had less intrinsic value in some ways than I had had before I started getting girls。

And then I found a balance。 And I had to learn to have both。

 And then what happened was in building that intrinsic value， my relationships got better。

 The quality of girls， I got better。 I thought better of myself。 My financial situation got better。

 and I still kept that social value。 So these are two separate and distinct things。

 right's James said it on the call you said having value and conveying value。 same kind of thing。

 and it's possible to have one without the other in both directions。

 It's possible to have intrinsic value and not be able to convey it。 It's possible to convey value。

 you fundamentally don't have。 but either one is going to have a flawss。

 You want to really make sure that you are focusing on both。Okay。😊，嗯。😊。

So what you really want to do in terms of having intrinsic value is to be congruent to a higher value identity。

 right？So there's kind of a subset of attributes that are attractive attributes。

 And we talked about that day one。 that's that's Venn diagram circle number one。

 Then there's a subset of attributes that are the attributes you have And that's Venn diagram number two。

 and you want to work at the crossroads of those too。

 You don't want to be conveying high value behaviors。 You're not Like， for example。

 I am not like a dareevil risk tap dareevil risk taker type guy。

 I'm just not I'll dive off a high dive， maybe try a back fliplip， something like that。

 But like that's about it。 I'm not gonna be riding a motorcycle without a helmet。

 I will I will bun you jump a parachute， but only when I've made absolutely sure it's extremely safe。

 like I'm not， I'm not a crazy guy that's not one of my things I could be I could try it。

 but it's not something I re't with。 I am very smart。 I'm a good teacher。

 I'm a good leader different things like that。 So what do I do。

 I focus on the circle that I have the circle of attractive qualities and I try and focus at the crossroads And then what's gonna happen from there。

 is to。There's what you're good at。 There's the attractive archetypes。

 and then you can almost look at this as coming out in 3D。 and there's her blueprint。

 the things that she values。 And then when you're talking to any one particular girl。

 you're gonna be conveying this little blue area here。

 This is the you that you're conveying to her It's true to you It's true to attractive archetypes and is true to her blueprint if you can do that that's when you're gonna be the absolute most attractive possible in order to do this。

 you need an honest and good assessment of you what are you right。

 you need an honest and good assessment of what are the archetypes。

 which we've talked about a lot here。 and then you need to be paying attention to her blueprint。

 but that is the goal in game and the goal of being value to her。It's also the goal in business。

 right there。 You have the things your business can do。

 You have the things that our general value offers。

 and then you have what a particular customer or business is looking for。

 So understanding this and going through the the exercise of what is your unique value proposition。

 How do you。Ven diagram with the archetypes， essentially how do you find that crossroads and that's really what you're trying to aspire to do in game。

嗯。All right， so we have another another question from yesterday by the way。

 I will take questions at the end。 It's very likely overall that we will go over a little bit on time and I'm kind of fine with that。

 I don't mind giving the extra hours， so don't be worried if we're like running out of time。

 we haven't gotten to some things whatever I'm gonna take some questions at the end I'm gonna do。

 I think a couple more online dating profiles we'll probably go long And if you have to leave at the end。

 you'll get it recorded the extra stuff。 So one way or another don't worry that we're going along it will be it will be fine。

Okay， how to be a leader So this is a question somebody asked。

 I don't know if I necessarily agree with all of it。

 but I'll read it and answer it says leading is a high value behavior。

 but what specific actions can I take perhaps practice saying no to someone at least once a week。

 perhaps arguing with an opinion you disagree with etc。

So I wouldn't say that those are steps to becoming a leader。

 I would say those are steps towards assertiveness。

 so if you believe that the thing keeping you from being a leader is that you're not assertive enough。

 then by all means those could help but saying no to someone doesn't make you a leader。

 it makes you contrary and arguing with someone doesn't make you a leader。

 it makes you argumentative or disagreeable。Okay， but it is important to stand up for yourself in order to be a leader。

 It's important to know what you stand for in order to be a leader。

 I would say that the the first thing to being a leader。

Is you have to know what you're leading towards。 You have to know what you believe in。

 because you're leading something right in order to the lead。

 you should be inspiring and you should have a direction。 If you're directionless and uninspiring。

 you won't be a leader。 So you need to know what your values are。

Second thing is you need to be living those values right if you're if you're trying to lead someone to。

 I don't know， just let's say， do charity and you're like a tight w that doesn't do any charity yourself and and don't believe in it that's not something you're gonna to be able to lead people to do If you're trying to lead people into battle And you' you're a coward who's afraid of getting a bruise you're not gonna to be a leader。

 You need to be able to live the values that you are espousing。

 and then you need to be able to communicate those values so you to have the values， live the values。

 communicate the values。 And then beyond that， that's a good start， that's a good start。

 but the other thing you probably need to do is you probably need to make the other people feel that you care or make the other people feel important or make the other people feel empowered to continue that message in some way。

 So there is actually a personal aspect to it as well。

 just having having a great message in and of itself is not enough。

 you have to deal with the human beings who you're。

Communicating that message to who are then going to follow you and spread that message or spread the behaviors or beliefs or whatever so that that I would say is what being a leader is and it comes not from being contrary and saying no。

 but it comes from knowing what you say yes to living it and sharing it so that would be my my impression and expression of what being a leader is contrary to that other thing。

All right we talked about， we've talked about body language various times。

 I want to talk about it just briefly here and I'm going to give you kind of a。

A contrarian idea on body language because what I've found is that most of the time teaching body language does more harm than good。

 It makes people selfconscious。 It makes people overly self- analyticallytical， etcter。

 And I've seen people with really awful body language succeed。

 I've seen guys do sometimes I'll tell a student what like what not to do and they mishear me and they go do that exact thing but they do it with the confidence that I told them to do it。

 And the fact that they come with that confidence actually makes the bad body language work right So。

That absolutely can， you know， can， can be a thing， right。

 And then there are other guys they'll learn good body language， but they'll do like。

 I should stand with my feet apart and cross my arms and look down on the rope。

 but they'll do it And they're like this。 am I doing it right kind of way。

 And it makes it absolutely awful。 right， So body language is more about where it's coming from than what it is。

 And almost any bad body language trait， if done with confidence and done smoothly and naturally。

 is actually fine， almost in the。Good body language straight， if done like you know。

 poorly and from the wrong place is actually going to be quite bad。So be aware of that。 But my。

 my thing with body language is this。 act the way that you would if you are relaxed and natural and around your friends。

 If you're doing that， your body language is good。 And I don't believe there's such a thing as like high value alpha body language。

 Like I can like strike this one pose。 And the girl will like you。 That's ridiculous。

 But what you can do is not mess it up， right， So you can have relaxed casual good body language that doesn't hurt your value in any。

 So you're not going to body language your way to value。

 but you can certainly body language your way out of value and too low value。

 So it's definitely something you need to。😊，Need to have handled and have on point as a like eliminating the negative kind of a way and as a like just being relaxed and getting the most out of yourself。

 but you're not again， you're not going to like the girl's not going to be like。

 well the way he was standing was so attractive I just had to go talk to him。

 it doesn't work like that。All right， we'll go through this next bit quickly because it is on YouTube。

 but we're talking about value and attractiveness。 it has to be in here characteristicsact of an attractive man。

 there are are five I like to use as hallmarks all the time。

 first attractiveness an attractiveness sounds ambiguous to say it's attractive to be attractive。

 but what I mean here is tailoring or catering。😊，Taking care of your appearance。

 taking care of your appearance and making the most of it， being well dressed， being well groomed。

 being stylish。 by the way， quick reminder。 I've said it before。

 Any who hasn't gotten the style guide yet。 you should have all gotten that by email。

 but if you haven't gotten that email us， let us know you need it， We'll send you that style guide。

 So you can get that that idea on how to be more physically attractive。

 But the idea that you care about how you look the idea about that you've taken attention。

 love yourself enough to look your best， absolutelyute convey so many positive things about yourself。

 So do that exercise for you， And this is the exercise for all these。

 I'll just give them to you is think of one thing you could do to add to this for yourself。

 What is one thing you could do to be more attractive。 Could you get a newer better haircut。

 Could you get like if you wear glasses， could you get better glasses if you wear glasses。

 could you wear context。 Could you get clothes that fits slightly tighter。

 Could you improve your posture。 Could you go to the gym。

 What's one small thing you could do to improve your attractiveness。

 Do it What's one thing and then execute on it。Next thing， assertiveness。

 James talked a bit about assertiveness， I've talked about it a few different times If you're unwilling to be noticed if you're unwilling to potentially make a scene in a worst case。

 if you're unwilling to have attention on you， you're gonna have a hard time being truly high value you're gonna have a very hard time being a leader youre have a very hard time standing up for yourself a lot of things like that。

 So assertiveness basically just means being willing to stand up for yourself。

 It does not mean being a dick， it does not mean going out and starting fights but it does mean being willing to say what's on your mind being willing to ask for what you want And so the question I would ask you for this one is what's one situation where you are not being assertive enough in a way that is hurting you and how could you change it The exercise question possibly for this if you some guys are overly assertive is in what ways can I be less of a dick without being less assertive So in what ways can I make the assertiveness I'm already showing more palatable without becoming less assertive Those are good questions to ask yourself and to analyze your own behavior。

Assuredness， so assuredness is different than assertiveness。

 assuredness is more the belief that whatever you do is right， right， the belief that you are enough。

 the belief that what you say has value all those kind of things。And the idea。

 the exercise here is notice the things you're insecure about and try and like one inssecurity whenever you're feeling insecure about it。

 do the thing anyway。 So if you're insecure about your body because you think you're overweight Well。

 one thing you can do is work on your attractiveness， which is the first step and get more in shape。

 But the other thing is if you've been shy to take off your shirt because you're overweight if the pool or whatever。

 just fucking take it off and go with it， who cares be that assured guy and maybe that'll even be motivating to get you a better shape as well But what is one area where you've been insecure and how can you。

Practice， how can you start one small step， one small habit towards becoming more assured？

Attentiveness， attentiveness is funny because nobody cares if you're attentive until they know you have value。

 but once they know you have value。 if you are attentive， it will magnify that value。

 So what it is it makes your value relevant to them So if you are like a celebrity and don't seem to care about anybody you're just you know you're a celebrities。

 people still think you're high value or whatever but when a celebrity is attentive and takes time for little people。

 other people notice it， other people think oh what an amazing person Other people want to befriend that person they become a bigger celebrity。

 they get more endorsements， all that kind of stuff。

 So attentiveness takes whatever value you already have and magnifies it。

 but you're not going attentive your way to value all by itself so it's an additive quality it's a multiplier of what you already have。

Aliveness is the willingness to take risks， the willingness to be a little crazy。

 the willingness to not be boring right， the willingness to show some personality and we're going to show in a little bit。

 I'm going to show some some Ti breakdowns and stuff and we get to those we're going to talk about aliveness and some things like that okay。

So let's talk about briefly what are some archetypes of attractive men there's a lot。

 these are only going be some off the top， but one is kind of the bad boy the guy who breaks rules is a very common attractive archetype if you have any of those kind of qualities by all means share it if you're an achiever if you're a guy who's been successful and achieve things in life that's an attractive archetype make sure to show those things hopefully in a non- bragging way right so if you have that archetype。

 maximize it， use it。If you are like I called the socialite connector archetype。

 if you're good with people， good at making connections good at getting doing small talk。

 good at running events， good at like showing up at events。

 that's an archetype and that's useful if you're good at that maximize it utilize it。

 put that on play it's kind of like the being popular is your form of value in a way。

beinging ruggedly self sufficient is a good archetype like the the guy who， you know。

 like can can make his own fires， the guy who could let live in the wilderness， the guy who。

Just is is tough and doesn't like let the world get to him and doesn't seem to need anybody else in general is very very good and again we talked about being selfsuffic as one of the keys to value so this being the rugged self-sufficient guy is a very good thing if you have that in whatever way accentuate that quality。

And then another one that I'm going to throw out there is what I call like the emotional drug dealer。

 This is the person who knows how to work with validation right this is kind of like some of the gasiness you know how to disqualify someone you know how to tease someone you know how to praise someone in a meaningful way and you can give someone those those emotions that they want so that's another common attractive archetype that works and a lot of people you'll find to be a combination of some of these archetypes right so for example。

 a promoter might be a combination of bad boy and socialite connector as an example right or。😊。

Maybe if there's a and。An athlete who is known for being particularly tough and knowing for being kind of like stoic。

 he might be the achiever and also the rugged self-suffient guy， and maybe that is making him very。

 very attractive， but think about which of these archetypes you could be also think about any other attractive archetypes you can think of actually if you want putting some ideas of attractive archetypes in the chat could be interesting or if you have questions about whether particular archetype might be an attractive archetype you might have to explain what you mean by the archetype。

 but those could be good questions to pursue at the end as well。Al right。

 so let's do a Tider breakdown。 Looking forward to this one。 This one is a。😊。

One that is pretty decent。Let's see。 there's there's some really good and really bad things about it。

 I want to go to the photos photos first and then we'll go to the the the thing itself。Okay。

 so this is a guy who definitely has a very particular look to him right， He has the tattoos。

 He has kind of like the the bad boy look going on so he's fitting that archetype for sure and he's also because he has like the nightlife remote thing he's also fitting that socialite archetypes So I mentioned those two archetypes and he's hitting that very。

 very strongly and his photos are good right his photos are well taken， he looks stylish in them。

 the tattoos hell， he has like you know decent physique， etc cetera， et cetera。

 So he's definitely playing that one look。My critiques。

 so this is actually a pretty good profile like I could definitely see getting results with a profile like this some minor minor critiques this is one I didn't notice but someone else did notice looking at this this photo which is really good and this photo are almost the exact same pose you look like you're doing the same thing in both and the expression in this first photo is way way way better so you may as well just delete this photo it's not really adding anything to the overall vibe it's not it's not contributing much。

😊，The other thing here is social proof， there's some social proof maybe。

 although I think the social proof you'd get out of this is a social proof of toughness more than anything else。

 right？You get a social proof of like that you seem tough or cooler whatever。

 but you wouldn't necessarily get a social proof for yourself with it。

But the thing that's missing is maybe social proof with girls right being a promoter having this this look definitely does some social proof elements but having some girls thrown into this profile could make it way。

 way way better so that's something I would definitely add to this Then we get to the profile itself and this thing looking for something casual because I'm a piece of shit and then the the the height thing。

So。This is， it's good in a way。 It's， it has sort of a douchy thing to it。 It has sort of a。

I don't care kind of thing to it that is is conveying high value。

 but what's what's missing from it or what this is already pretty good。

 I could see this definitely getting results。 but what I could see making this even better is it's very one dimensional the whole like bad boy club promoter thing。

It looks like that's all this person is if this person was that plus a little bit of humanity and like kind of like depth or if this person was that plus a little bit of kind of like humor。

 even if ironic humor because ironic humor might be more congruent with this image if this person was that plus gave the girl just a glimmer of hope that there's something beyond a one night stand that could happen anything along those lines could be a really。

 really good thing。Oh， sorry， which one I was saying sorry。

 I didn't know which ones to point to when I said a wish vote to。

 I meant the that top left one in the gray， sorry my bed。

But so the issue here is there's no girls for social proof。

 there's social proof of just him being a promoter but no girls and then the profile itself。

 it's really short， it doesn't convey as much as it could。

 the photos are amazing The photos are definitely carrying this profile that I'm a piece of shit thing it works because it's congruent it is congruent with the image of the photos so at least you're not detracting from the photos but you're not really doing much to enhance them and you're certainly not creating more depthin and ideally if you talk about unique value proposition。

 you want to have at least two different elements to your character you want to have at least two different things going on that are going to be helpful to you not just one。

All right。So that's that's an example of a good profile， but a profile that could actually be better。

 The thing that is great about that， though is is that the style and the photos are very， very good。

 And then the profile is congruent， and there are no huge value mistakes。

 There's nothing like low value or leveling in it。 But the problem is it is a little one dimensional right So the UP is only mildly unique。

 Like bad boy is not a particularly unique thing。 Club promoter， bad boy is a little bit more unique。

 but it's still like very， very， you know， there's a lot of most people in that job kind of are playing that profile already。

 So it doesn't make you the even more special version。😊，Um， okay。

The other thing to talk about is that like I call this understanding yourself understanding your customer。

 what I really mean is that whenever you're dealing with other people。There's， again。

 the value you bring to the table， the characteristics you have。

 but you also have to think about what it is the other person wants from you。

 and this comes from this idea got written down here because of a call I did with someone or we're talking about kind of just like life and socializing in life outside of game and that kind of stuff。

 And the thing I mentioned to him was that every single person in your life knows you in a different way and potentially needs different things from you。

 So if you have a relationship with your parents， your parents maybe don't need much from you financially or tangibly。

 maybe they do， maybe they're older and they need that or whatever or maybe they aren't as successful as you。

 but maybe they're pretty well off that way。 but what they need from you is love and affection and that's the biggest thing you can provide as a child to your parents。

 maybe is that。And then maybe if you have kids， you can provide a lot of things like guidance and support and teaching and discipline and showing them how the world works and different things like that。

 If you have your male friends， maybe you provide support for them an assurance。

 maybe you just provide like a person to have a good time with they like to hang out with and play sports with or watch TV with or whatever or maybe you're someone that they can come to for advice or something like that。

 And so these are all different elements you can have with a girl， obviously。

 you provide different things。 for example， like good sex would be one provide an emotional experience。

 you provide her feeling good about herself when she talks about who to her friends。

 all kinds of things like that。 And so each of these your customer right it's not literally the customer in business。

 but your customer of the archetype you're putting out there is changing from one person to the next to the next。

 And when that customer archetype changes。😊，it's important that you also change right it's important that you and not saying change to something you're not。

 but you have all these different facets to yourself。

 you have all these different things that you can offer because of the range of attributes you have and what you want to be doing is give a particular quote unquote customer the person the thing of you that they need and that is you understanding the blueprint and again。

 this is something that's applicable to everything in life in business。

 your boss needs certain things from you your boss doesn't probably need you to flirt with him or her but your boss probably does need you to be reliable and accountable and get your work done and like help other people get their work done so it's a different range of things and your boss isn't going to care as much you know if they if they have a socially good vibe with you。

 it helps it definitely helps， but if you do outstanding work and ir replaceplaceable to the company。

 you don't necessarily have to do that thing that other thing。Okay， so another scenario right。

 How would you use high value skills to sell a client And this is a really interesting one because I think that a lot of people in in sales and also like in marketing。

 which is the same kind of things are kind of。They do what I call an intermediate job。

 but not an advanced job because most of the time if you're in a sales situation， you， excuse me。

 most of the time you're a sales situation， you know you're being sold。

And you're aware that the other person has an agenda。

 You're aware the other person benefits from you buying。

 And so there's this inherent resistance where， even though you maybe like the product。

 And even though you would like to buy， you are conditioned to say no to that sales personson。

 You're conditioned to resist the sales process。You're conditioned not to be duped by it， right。

 And the more the sales process seems salesy， the worse off you're going to be。

 But the salesperson is put into an interesting paradox because they do have to go through a sales process。

 right， They， first of all， usually like oftentimes sales meetings are sales meetings and you know that's there。

 So if you don't get to the points， that's worse， right if， if you're trying to sell a product。

 you won't talk about the product， you won't talk about the features and benefits and stuff like that。

 that's pretty poor and that's clearly problematic。So you don't want to be that guy。

Right but at the same time， you don't want to be pushy。

 And so what I would really focus on is a couple things。 Numb one， in an ideal sales situation。

 you want to talk to the other person about their needs and you want to be identifying the person's situation and maybe framing their situation in a way that makes your product the best bet but you want to be doing it like subtly and ideally anything this idea of inception from the movie inception but also I talked about it in game anything the person the client says themselves means more than anything you tell them So if you can ask them a question and get them to say something about it。

 it's better than if you make that assertion right So it's much better to use a lot of questions in sales。

 which is opposite of game in some ways although when you're talking about logistics and pulling sometimes questions can be good and the big thing that I would recommend in terms of selling if you want to take it to a high level is two things one is I talked about the other day taking the other side of the argument。

 maybe talking about the potential drawbacks or the。s why they might not be suited to your product。

 because especially if they're liking it and especially if your product is is viewed as a good thing or those drawbacks are things that almost。

They aren't， you know， at a level to be able to use them or something like that。

 It can almost be exclusive， which is going to be on the next point that makes them once argue for it and makes them actually argue why they could buy the product。

 right， So， for example， just in some luxury purchases， they'll take the。

 the approach at times of kind of。Intimating that like someone might not be able to handle the higher end model that they should start with like the basic model。

 And sometimes people who are richer or people have an ego or whatever be like， no， no。

 I can that's within my budget。 I can do that。 And they end up like， you know。

 buying more than they intended to because they， they kind of took that， took that bait。

 The thing is making it exclusive making it， it seem as though。What you're selling。

May not be for everybody， which makes you look abundant。

 it makes it look like you're not desperate to sell because nobody wants to buy from a desperate salesman that wants to even deal with desperate people in general。

And also， it makes it look like you don't have an agenda like who would be at a sales meeting and actually unsell the client。

 That's crazy， right， You must be abundant。 You must have the person's interests at heart。

 And actually the best way to sell In my opinion is to sell in a way where you are trying to help the client。

 So， for example， if I ever take a sales call， I'm going to find out about the client and I'm going to try and recommend to that person what I think is legitimately best for them based on listening to them helping them out steering them in various ways。

 And obviously， if I think someone should buy X。 and they really staunchly want to buy y。

 I'll sell them Y， I'm not like oh， no， I refuse to sell you that I'm gonna sell you this thing I think you should get。

 They know themselves， they know what they want。 that's fine。

 but I'm going to go in with the idea of find out about them。 What I think will make sense for them。

 And if someone wasn' in that situation， I would give them that information， I'd be like hey， listen。

 Like absolutely can sell that you can buy that is a great product。 I totally endorse it。

Absolutely have no issue with you getting it because of this this and this in what you're doing。

 though， I do want to point out that either maybe you should consider this or if you are going consider this。

 maybe additionally consider this or make sure that you're committed to this other thing。

 So you'll get more out of it or make sure that you have the time or the behavior or whatever。

 So taking that viewpoint where you get on the same side of the table as the client and you're helping to find a solution together as opposed to it being antagonistic is probably the biggest thing。

 And then if you can get the client chasing the product as opposed to client the product chasing the client。

 it's not always completely doable but to the extent that you can you're going to do better off。

So those would be my tips on applying all this kind of stuff to sales disqualifiers absolutely absolutely useful in sales Also this is something that has taught a lot in sales sources not unique to me。

 but benefits rather than features don't sell them on what the things the client the product has sell them on what the thing will do for them first and then you can explain it through the features that's pretty standard sales and marketing that's nothing new for me。

 but it is something a lot of people don't know。Okay。

 so the question that I want to ask you guys is what is your UVVP。

 what is your unique value proposition， what can you bring to the table that nobody else can or what can you bring to the table better than anybody else can this is going to be what we're going to kind of you know what I want you to to take away from this and this is an exercise I want to absolutely give you is to think about your UVVP so we've talked about this。

I'm actually gonna take someone mentioned that we should take like quick quick breaks every once in a while。

 So I'm actually gonna give you guys like a five minute break to do this exercise。

 I'm I gonna walk away and come back in five。 And I want you to actually think about this one。

 I want you to do this one live because I want to make sure everybody does it。

 this this exercise is important enough that that I want everybody to do it。 So sorry。

 I thought I thought the next slide was。😊，Sorry， I went it's out of order。 The next slide is。

 is this one。 So here's where we want to go。 We'll go back to another slide in a second。

 But I want you to do this Write out。 what are the things that you have to offer。

 What are the things that you're uniquely good at， What are the things you uniquely love to do。

 What are the things you're passionate about， What are the things you can teach。

 What are the things you can share what makes you special。

 What makes you unique that not every guy has and it doesn't have to be that you have a million dollars。

 The fact that you can like play the accordion a little bit and it's funny could be enough for one of these。

 right，'s mostly it's that it's unique and special to you。

 It can be that you have a unique philosophy about some random thing， right， They should be unique。

 Now， some of them do need to correspond to the stereotypically high value ideas。

 right They absolutely should。But。But sorry， they absolutely should correspond to those ideas。

 but they need to be unique to you All right， so that's the question， what are your traits。

 How do those traits correspond to these ideas and then what is your UVP what is the unique high value things that you absolutely have and I want you to take five minutes write that out。

 I'm gonna to come back in five and then we will pick things up from there。

 But I want you to actually sit and do this exercise for five minutes write out。

 what is your UvP if you want to put some notes on it in the chat if you want to later tonight put in the Facebook group by all means do it but what is your UVP All I'll be back in five。

All right guys， so we're back hopefully you took a little bit to write down your UVP to figure out exactly what it is that you are specifically bringing to the table that is unique to you yeah obviously feel free comment comment write your UVPs in the chat and again you can put them on Facebook later tonight as well all of that's going to be incredibly incredibly helpful。

All right， I want to do another interesting Tider breakdown。Is another profile that this one's。

 I think。Kind of good and bad。 It's kind of interesting。 I'll tell you in advance。

 the person on this， they told me that they they get good results。

 but they get good results with girls they consider to be like 6s and  sevens。

 but not with the nines and1s。 And that does make sense， given their profile once you see it。

 So let's have a quick look。Yeah。So here。So here says， you know， first of all。

 attractive guy in the photo， right， he says who's into fitness， UFC， et cetera， et cetera。

 please don't be fat in real life。 And he says if you think this is rude but have。

 please be over 6 feet swipe left。Which is interesting。 And I think we as men。

 we can all relate to that。 We're like， how dare you think it's offensive if I say I don't want a fat girl。

 but then it's okay for you to say you want this this and this and the guy。

 And that just tells you about the selector frame if you are in the selector frame as a guy。

 you can make your demands if the girls in the selector frame。 you can make her demands。

 Most of the time online the girls in the selector frame。 So I guess that works。 this last comment。

 I think is a very bad leveling behavior。 get where you're trying to go with it and where you're trying to go with it is good。

 which is that you have standards and that you stand up for yourself as a man and whatnot。

 But the way it comes off is a little bit frustrated potentially And a little bit that like little little bit of like bitterness like there's animosity or attention in your relationships with women。

 So I don't think that's a very good thing to have， although I do get the idea。

 And the idea of saying， you know， I have standards is good and the idea of saying I stand up for myself is good。

 I just think that particular thing it runs into。I just going run into the it's going to be grading a little bit。

 it's going to be a little too abrasive and it's not an area that a lot of girls are going to be directly receptive to So for that reason I don't think it's maybe the exact best way to go。

But we have a good looking guy， let's look at his photos。All right。

 And it's funny because when I was sent this， actually that it was titled abs。

 So we all know what he's trying to sell in this profile。 we have top left abs， middle。

 top middle labbs， bottom right abs， lots of abs going on there and do girls like abs。 Yes。

 they do I know when I was a soccer player and had abs， I used to use them to my benefit。

 And I never quite have the abs this guy has。 So is that is that useful， It absolutely is。😊。

So by all means do use it， but the problem with this profile and it is good and I can definitely see it getting girls up to a certain level of attractiveness。

But what I， what I would say is it is very one dimensional， right。

 Every single thing here is about fitness， right。Body shot abs， abs， sorry I'm top left bodyshot abs。

 this is the photo by the pool top middle abs， this bottom here， abs。

 one person I looked at with this that one one of my coaches actually made a really good point here on the bottom right one with the three girls and the guy doing the front lever。

Is that the person whose profile it is is standing here watching some other guy get attention。

 I don't know that this is the biggest deal because it does sort of imply that you can do those kind of things and you are showing off the body and that kind of stuff。

 So it's actually not bad。 But if there were a picture of you doing that thing as opposed to someone else doing it。

 And the picture of the girls all looking at you as opposed to someone else。

 that actually might be a better photo if it exists。

 So thats that's a way you can enhance that even further。

 The issue here though is it's just the same thing over and over again。

 It's a very one dimensional thing。 And even the bio is about like getting a protein drink or whatever。

 So essentially just hammering them with I'm fit， I'm fit。 I have a body， I'm fit， I'm fit。

 I have a body。And that's， that's not enough。 It's very one dimensional。

 And definitely for a girl that's like， well， I've never been with a guy that has abs like that。

 That sounds interesting or that seems exciting or for a girl that is is less attractive than you because you automatically as a guy with abs are going to be above a 6 or a 7。

 That's gonna be， it's gonna to be appealing。 But for the the nines and10s that are already very attractive or have lots of guys that potentially have abs hitting them up。

 That's going to be。😊，Not quite as appealing to them。

 There's a couple of photos in here that are are kind of pointless as well。

 So the photo top middle here is going to be this one right here， right here。

Is kind of unnecessary because you already have shown everything thats you're seeing in that photo。

 It's not really showing anything else。 This photo here。I mean， what is， what is the point you。

 you have a guy friend， you're both， you know， I don't know what's what's interesting about that particular photo Maybe I'm missing something。

 Maybe that M has some significance or whatever。 but my guess is that that one is kind of pointless as well。

So yeah， so there's a little redundancy in this profile as well。 but the main in terms of photos。

 but the main redundancy is that you're just highlighting the same thing over and over again。

 The individual photos are great。 I'm sure most of us would love to have any of these photos with like you know the rippling six pack。

 but that can't be all there is to I would go out out of my way to you know。

 have a little bit of personality outside of just fitness outside of outside just apps。

 And the one thing that。😊，We've seen only in the only in the previous photo that we just saw before。

 like the guy with the tattoos， he's the only person so far that's done anything polarizing at all in his profile。

 this profile again is all while it is high value in the sense of being fit。 It is still very nice。

 There is nothing particularly super challenging or nothing particularly polarizing the one attempt at being polarizing。

 which to his credit， he at least made the attempt and I mentioned it is good was a little bit too like abrasive and kind of like annoyed with women as opposed to polarizing in a positive way or polarizing it you can't have me kind of chase way。

So this guy has good photos and is getting what you would get with really good photos。

 but not a lot conveyed in the bio， so that's what we're looking at here。Alright。

Let's go on to the next。嗯。All right， so let's talk about I'll take whatever questions you guys have。

For a little bit， I'm sure that my staff's been saving up questions and things along those lines。

 I know you guys saw the high value texting slide。 we will include some of that potentially in the followup over the next few few sessions and also in response if you guys have on Facebook and that kind of stuff。

 that's something we we do want to include but we didn't have we couldn't think of like a really quick efficient way to do it in this exact format。

 so we're gonna to do that in more in the followup and and we'll try and get you some stuff along those lines。

 I know we do the high value breakdowns but we didn't do the messaging breakdowns。

 we may look at some of the messaging you guys have sent me and we may ask you guys for some other messaging and do some breakdowns of messaging as opposed to just profiles in the future。

 but with that said。What I want to get to next is the questions and since there's a little lag I think I'm going to actually let me see if I already have questions over here。

 I'm also going to tell my staff we're ready for questions so they can start sending more my way so give me just a second as far as that all goes。

还 should度毕。😔，Okay， here we go。And I'm going to again。

 alert my staff that we need more later we want them to get them for us。Cool。All right， so。Okay。

 first question says if you could apply the 8020 rule to this master class of value。

 what would you focus on and what exercises should we start practicing I would say I've given you maybe a total of I want to say like between five and 10 exercises in total that I've said like specifically do this as an exercise。

 this is very important that sort of thing。So what I would say is。Pick from those。

 but pick the one that you seems that seems most congruent to you。

 So as you look through maybe a list of those exercises， think， what am I doing the most wrong。

 Am I constantly qualifying myself， Okay， do the exercise of trying to， you know。

 not qualify myself and move through life that way， Am I constantly like shooting on myself。

 And I should this， I should that， et cetera， or am I constantly talking down on myself。

 Will then do the exercise that's related to that。But I would definitely recommend doing one inner game exercise of some kind at least don't try and do like six of those at once。

 just pick one really good innerga exercise， one kind of area of focus relating to inner gameme that you can you can hammer on And then the other thing and this is what we're going talk about at the end of this is I want each and every one of you and that's the next thing we're gonna to do。

 I believe maybe one more thing in between was pretty much the next thing we're going to do。

Is we're gonna try and come up with an aspirational high value goal and an aspirational high value habit that goes along with that goal that we can start working on and start。

 you know motivating you towards keeping you accountable for over the next few months as we do follow up and as we work through in the group and and do Q and A sessions and that kind of stuff。

 So so Id work on pick the one inner gameme exercise you think is most relevant to you。

 And then I would pick the exercise， the takeaway exercise of building a habit that we're gonna work on here at the end。

 And then beyond that， I would focus on just like having the understanding and just noting when these situations arise in life because the first part of developing new new knowledge。

 new behaviors， whatever is recognizing the relevance and recognizing where they come up in life。

 So as you go through life， you're gonna to start seeing different dynamics play out。

 you're gonna to seeing situations where someone's paying attention to somebody or not paying attention or another and it's changing the dynamic you're gonna to start to see you people you know。

Like sorry， you see people I I keep looking at the comments sometimes and then I get distracted。

 but yeah， you're gonna point is that I forgot what it wass talking about。

 but we're gonna in answer to your question we're gonna give you these goals to work on and so we'll start motivating you and pushing you in that direction and I was talking about awareness right so you're gonna to start seeing high value behaviors you're going to start recognizing them in life and start seeing how these things apply。

 And so that's that's gonna to naturally kind of just filter into your behaviors hopefully in a lot of different ways。

 but I would say focus on one inner game and one outer game thing the outer game thing will kind of give you the inner game thing you can choose from a small list and I'm sure when when within the notes we'll have maybe a list of those or something like that that you can directly pull from instead of having to sift through the entire 11 hours to find them。

Okay。😊，U。So this is a and by the way， that's from Bps， so thank you for the question。

So this one is from Wojik， I believe that's how you pronounce this name and this is a summarized question so this isn't the exact question you asked but it is a summary from my staff。

 so its a concise summary， how do high value people make decisions for the group do they ask where everyone wants to go or they automatically make the decision for them？

U。I think it depends。 I think that there are there is a time and a place for both。

 and it depends on a few different things。 It depends how important things are。

 So if it's pretty much like， for example， let's say you're doing like。

A company lunch or something like that。 And the main purpose of the lunch is just for everybody to hang out and have a good time and whatever。

Picking pretty much any reasonable restaurant will probably be fine。

 And instead of polling everybody on where they want to go。

 you probably could just pick a restaurant。 It's probably not that big of a deal。

 And if if anything you could ask people afterwards， hey。

 would you like a restaurant to go somewhere else next time。

 like show that you care and then pick another restaurant that like meets that other criteria next time。

 but you don't have to like get a vote on every single thing you do right There is unilateral action。

 There is like making your own decisions and not being reliant on everybody else。

But for big projects， I think it is important to get buy in from people for a few different reasons。

 one is that they may have information you don't， a lot of times people that are on the ground level of dealing with something will have a perspective or know something that people higher up in management or people that are a little more distant。

 don't necessarily have。😡，And the other thing is for buy in because people don't like being given orders。

 people don't like it if you hold hand down a tablet from on high and say， hey。

 here's what you have to do that feels like a chore and you know an obligation and and it's harder to get on board with it。

 whereas if people are kind of in the decision making process。

And they've kind of agreed this is what's important。

 this is what I want to work on this is what I'm passionate about。

 this is a direction that that I can get on board with， et cetera。

 you're going to get better performance from them now。In the end of the day。

Just letting people do exactly what they want isn't really effective all the time you do need to be on task and on motivation and you don't need to take every suggestion everybody gives and end of the day if there are a lot of different suggestions。

 you may need to make a decision， but the fact of people feeling heard。

 the fact of people feeling like you care， the fact of people participating and buying in absolutely。

Can make a very big difference， right。Yeah， so I think that getting some buy- in on any kind of critical or big decision is going to be a really important part of it。

 and it's gonna to help with the motivation it also will help with making those decisions being unilateral I talked about how like teams do better than teams can scale past what individuals can do part of leading a team is being able to trust your team because if you're just gonna to make all decisions yourself。

 what do you even have a team for so getting getting the right people in place that you trust and and actually listening to them I think is part of intelligent leadership now in terms of like getting a decision made or asserting your authority。

 I suppose you can do however but in terms of actually getting a good result。

 which should be the point of leadership because you're not leading just to lead。

 you're not leading to establish your authority or're leading to achieve something So in terms of achieving something getting proper feedback including people。

 getting buy- in， I think that's all gonna be somewhere between important and critically important。

Can I speak to being successful in your mid-30s and meeting or attracting girls in their early 20s。

 Yeah， absolutely。 it's not a hard thing at all。 generally， as men were lucky in that with age。

 our value stays the same or increases and mid-30s is in a lot of ways that a man kind of your prime because you are successful enough and adult enough to have resource at your disposalpo。

 but you're still young enough and fit enough and strong enough to have sort of that like you know hot young guy kind of thing going on。

 at least if you've taken care of yourself So in a lot of ways is really perfect。

 the biggest issue with if you're a successful guy in the 30s dealing with girls in their 20s。

 maybe either an intimidation or incongruence factor of why do you even like them what are they bringing to the table other than their looks So one they may feel insecure around you feel like they have nothing to bring to the table and may you may just have to spend a little more time getting to know them and getting them to open up and that kind of stuff。

Or possibly because they're not bringing anything to say well besides it looks。

 they may perceive that you have an agenda。 IeU just want them for sex， in which case， again。

 it's just getting them to open up and and actually get to know them as people as opposed to just objectifying them。

 So those are our good situation to be in， but in general， this is not a difficult situation。

 because you have enough value right generally， if you have enough value adding some more comfort is。

Doable， right， it may take more time than if you' got the value to comfort ratio perfect the whole way。

 But adding more comfort position of value is a lot more doable than the other way around being low value。

 high comfort and then convincing someone you're valuable is much， much， much harder。

 So this idea of。Being in your 30s talking to girls in their 20s。

 it should not be a difficult thing in a lot of ways。Okay， good question。 Todd， what is your UVP。

 So this' is a good question。 I mean it's very valid given that you are， you know。

 that I've asked you that same question， right， My U VP is a few different things。

 The first thing I start off with in terms of my UDP U VP， UDP， U VP is。

Thats there's a few different types of guys right there's the guys who know how to like spark emotions in girls and guys who don't guys who are interesting and guys who are boring。

 typically guys who are interesting， kind of always had it and kind of take it for granted and don't take the time and energy and effort to use it to its maximum or contribute the most they can to a girl whereas I do because I've been on both sides I've been the guy who didn't know what to do with girls but wanted so much to please them and then the guy who knows how to please them and and doesn't give a shit and I know how to merge the two So I'm the guy who is emotionally relevant and yet also has depth and has that ability and willingness to contribute and help a girl grow So I am offering her a better deal。

 a better package a better value so to speak for that emotional stimulation than most other guys would be。

So that's part of it， another part of it。 and I I I talk a lot when I think of my own U VP。

 I think a lot in terms of。Like dichotomies， like I'm this yet I'm also that like the the things that contrast。

 but kind of go together。U。😊，So the other thing is that I'm not like the total like like ultrabody amazing stud guy or anything like that。

 And actually lately I'm less that than I used to be。 but I am still like a good looking guy。

 I take care of my look。 I take care of my appearance。 have a good haircut。 I'm in decent shape， etc。

 So I have that going for me。 and then I also have being the successful guy going for me。

 So on the one hand， I'm the young hot guy on the other hand， I'm the mature successful guy。

 and that's another dichotomy。 So on the one hand， attractive yet a care。 On the other hand。

 I' am young and young and hot， but I'm also successful。

 So those are different different dichotomies。 And then I also have UVP of the fact that I have a lot of life knowledge。

 I've won at a lot of things。 like I know how to。😊，I know how to succeed， I know how to win。

I know how to teach people that。 So people that are around me have their lives enhanced people that are around me travel more。

 people that are around me learn more things， people that around me get taught various things。

 people that around me get motivated in various ways， etc cea， etc cetera。 Other part of my UP。

Is that I know the dance。 I know how to flirt。 and I know how to do all like。

 I know how to escalate well in a way that's that's， you know。

 tempting and enticing and good for girls。 I know how to。Excuse me。

 I know how to take a girl home in a way that doesn't make her feel sluty。

 I know how to progress things in a relationship。 I know how to you know tease and make things good sexually。

 all these different things。 So I have all all of that stuff of knowing that And then the last thing maybe not the last thing but a later thing or a last thing towards the end is that I'm good at conveying status。

 I'm good at like I've been around a lot of high value guys。

 I've been around a lot of guys who who have status who have value etc。

 And so I make a girl feel that I am high value。 And the very fact that a girl feels high value around me in the fact that a girl of sure to talk to her friends about me introduce me to her friends。

 I'll come off as high value to them It's a form of social proof a form of value elevation for her to be with me because I know how to be a statusy guy I know how to put a fourth that impression in that image。

 So in a sense， the branding of the product。I mean， there's the good product underneath it。

 but the branding is part of the product itself right。

 so am like I frame myself as a catch both to her and also to her friends so that she feels like she's winning when she's with me So those are all parts of my UP now with any particular girl if I have a hobby in common that'll contribute if we have the same nerdy view on things that'll contribute etctera。

 etca， etc ceter。So all of those things are parts part and parel of my UVVP and that's starting to be a little bit of how it all comes together so hopefully that helps it's obviously a lot of different factors I've thought about this a lot and I've put a lot of pieces into it and like you know you know Frankenstein different things together over over time。

Okay， cool。Next question。Can we get good examples of being challenging and polarizing sure。

In terms of being challenging and polarizing an inper conversation。

 things like me and I wouldn't get along or wow， you can go now or I can't believe you just said that really。

 anything like that that's kind of just like a negative thing I'm not yeah， wow。

 I can't I was just starting to like you， what did you just do。

You are so X where x is kind of ambiguously negative。

 so I blue along the way along the lines of that is is stuff that you could do in oral communication。

 polarizing in written communication。 There's some push pulls you can write。

 There's a message I don't use a name more because it's overused and it's a little like it's a little stale。

 it's a little like how people communicated years ago flirtatiously。

 but used to use which was like your adorable fingers crossed you're not crazy The fact that you're implying she might be crazy。

 It's older text message， but that I used to use online a lot。

 That's a good one in terms of being just slightly polarizing， but still largely positive。Online。

Another way to be polarizing online like in a profile would be to say like if you're this swipe left or I'm not interested unless you are Xyz those kind of things are kind of like you're pricing yourself and you're polarizing on that level one thing which I don't recommend in more because online profiles don't have headlines and putting in in your bio is a little bit try hard but in a headline it works because the point of a headline was to grab attention just get looked at I used to have a headline that said life's too short to dance with fat checks and that definitely got noticed and it got you know got people to look at the rest of my profile and it is it is very polarizing again。

 I think it's too much the way that current most online profiles are structured and I wouldn't recommend that now but it is a good example of being polarizing again as well So those are some things what are some examples of being polarizing in a positive way giving a genuine well earnedned compliment right be like wow when I first met you this is actually a push pull complement I first met you this but you've actually stood out because you're this and this and this and I'm a little bit impressed。

Yeah， once it's earned， absolutely something like that is polarizing in a positive way。

I hope that's what you meant by polarizing a positive way another way of being that you could think of being polarizing a positive way is being polarizing in a way that makes you look high value。

 which is anything that's polarizing along the lines if you have standards or maybe you say something that。

Makes you look cool， but a little bit unattainable， right。

 like the thing about like mostly the girls I data went to Harvard， something like that。

 it's a little bit controversial to say it's a little bit politically incorrect。

 but it definitely stands out in a positive way， something like that。

How to let go of the filter when speaking， just do it， just do it， do it， practice it。

 see the results when you see the results， it'll get easier I'll write I'll draw this on here again。

 this thing， the slides so you have the the skills。Are the skills and behaviors？

And then you get the success， you get the results。And then your results。

Go to your mindset or your inner game mindset and then that helps your skills and behaviors。

Be even better， right， So you're trying to create this。 So where do you start on this cycle。

 It doesn't matter。 You can start anywhere。 You just have to start。

 So just start working on this working on it as a skill， working on it as something that you do。

 You get good results that'll help you with your mindset that'll help you with doing it next time。

 it'll make you more and more free。 And every single time You do it And nothing bad happens to you。

 It's gonna get easier and easier and easier。 So how do you let the filter go and speaking。

 You just do it。's like how do you jump off the high dive the first time， It's scary。

 but you just do it， How do you do your first called approach， You just do it。

 And then you realize nobody died and it was okay， right， Thats that's really it。That's it。

 There's no like step by step， like let the sp filter go 10%， then 10% more， no。Just do it， I mean。

 if you wanted to， I guess， I guess you could do a progressive desensitization exercise where you like try and say one offensive thing in a conversation and then just make sure it's okay or want one thing that's a little bit embarrassing or whatever that you're a little worried about and then you're col good and then you go to two and three and4 But honestly。

 just give yourself permission to act to the way you do among your friends right。That's it。Yeah。

 okay makes what makes a good polarizing bio would be something that gets attention right。

 something that does get attention and is a little bit like you can't have me or I'm you know above this or that or the other。

 can be good It should reflect positively on you and it should come off as like aloof and not try hard something along the lines of like don don't be offended if I don't write back I'm pretty busy or something like that is kind of like a good version of like a good form polarizing it's a very light is not super polarizing but it's a good good kind of like hey I'm busy I get a lot of messages。

 So like if I don't get back to you don't be offended or something like that which is the kind of thing that only someone who's getting a lot of messages would feel like saying I'll give you one。

 is this is it's a Ti bio I used relatively successfully I didn't really split test it or for a long time。

 I just I had one week where I was gonna do it little online experiment。

 I just wrote up the first tinnder bio I could think of and it worked。 It got me。

Results with hot girls within the week and several times within the week and so what it was though。

 I said I may appear arrogant and unattainable， that's because I am。That was it。

 That was my entire tinder bio。 I may arrogant and unattainable。 That's because I am。

 And that was congruent with me。 It was congruent with the photos。

 Its congruent with the image I was putting across。

 And it's congruent how I'm gonna to act on a date， et cea， et cetera。

 So it actually worked as far as it goes。 I it perfect。 No， but does it give you that idea of。

 you know， maybe I won't respond back tom a little busy。 only， you know。

 only bother applyinging if you're this， Those are some of the right kinds of polarizing。

You could also kind of do a polarizing where you talk about like a good trait and a bad trait。

 So for example， you could have one trait that says you're kind of I can't think of a specific off the top of my head but something that says like you're a little bit douch or something but then something else that says like you care for animals or children or or that you you do good for the world or something like that。

 So contract like counterpointing hey， I'm a total douch， but I also do this or hey I do this。

 but but don't don't start like getting getting heartwared I'm also a douch is's probably the better version of it。

 So something like that。Could actually work pretty well also。😀Yeah。😊。

Oh man oh man oh man Okay so this is an interesting this is an interesting question I'm only i'm literally only answering it because it's been like asked by multiple people so you know I'll give I'll give give the crowd what it wants so to speak to an extent。

😊，But the question is。Very like the phrasing of these questions just says everything too but the question I'll read as phrase it says how do you know that the girl wasn't a ho in her past This is more towards finding a girlfriend or wife。

😊，U。I think that。You can only really know that over time。

 You're not going to know that right away because girls will。

Porray themselves in different ways for different guys。 And you can definitely。

 there are girls who are very much not that that are like almost like nearly virginal that will try and act like they're adventurous。

 If you push it enough that way and make that the thing that will impress you。

 They'll try and play that up。 And you'll eventually find out that they're not actually that。

 they're actually quite boring。 And that actually quite sexually inexperienced。

 And there are girls that have been with tons and tons of guys that will play the。

Play the kind of like shy shy girl card and whatever， right。 So I could， I could give you。

 I give you interesting stories along both lines of those。 But the point is it exists and。Like， yeah。

 just because a girl acts really like shy and pure in whatever with you doesn't mean she hasn't been with 100 guys。

 Like I absolutely know girls that have been with 100 guys plus that will like with a guy that they think of as boyfriend material will act like they've been with only a few guys in their life and like sex is a big deal for them and this and that。

 So it's very hard to read off of like one particular thing or the way she's coming across you or whatever。

 what you really need to do is get an assessment over time and you need to assess behaviors。

Part of it will be how much she seems to， like if you're looking for a girl that doesn't have a lot of sex。

 specifically， look at kind of her， how much she has， how much she puts a prize on herself。

Like how much she thinks she's you know the standard she would make a guy go to in order to have sex with her right So if a girl says that she's barely ever had sex with anybody but you basically barely even knew her and she' like like straight into bed with you she might well be lying to you unless you did something amazing or you were like know if you didn't happen to be very charismatic situation and you just like you had like amazing incredible banter and you had sex quickly fine but if you just basically said hey。

 how's your day and she's like let's have sex， but then she tells she's only with two guys that sounds a little like bullshit so trust trust actions more than words if you care about that kind of stuff the other thing I would tell you is like this question is geared towards how do you know a girl wasn't a hoe in her past she'd be more worried about what a girl is now and in the future then what she is in past as long as she doesn't have like some kind of STd she's gonna give you or something like that what really matters or what should matter isn't like you know who she slept with or didn't sleep with10 years ago or five years ago or three years ago or whatever it should be know who she is now what she believes in。

Now how she acts now， how she responds to you， etcter。

 but definitely trust actions more than words in terms of assessing that or assessing any behavior in anybody because words of very cheap actions mean a lot more and just ask yourself。

 do you believe the story being put out， do you believe that the story she's putting out is congruent with the actions you've seen。

 do you believe that the story she's putting out is congruent with the behaviors and emotions she's shown and all those kind of things？

So。Basically， that's how I go about it is I would be looking at the behavior way， way。

 way more than the words in those particular cases。ok。Where we go。

 assuming we become masculine high value men over a period of time。

 What are some feminine high value behaviors that we should seek to find in a prospect。

 So this is a really interesting question。 And it it's。It's not misguided。

 but it kind of is at the same time。So basically you're saying like once you're a high value guy。

 how do you find a high value girl And the reason this is a weird question is that it's not universal。

 right， you shouldn't choose a girl strictly just because she's high value。

 you shouldn't choose a girl because she'll impress other people You shouldn't choose a girl because your friends will think she's high value you should choose the girl that brings the best to the relationship with you you choose the girl that's gonna make you the happiest you should choose a girl that if you want to have kids that you'd be happy having be the mother of your children。

 you should choose a girl that you like to have sex with  different things like that So instead of thinking like what are the high value traits that I should be looking for instead of what you should do is talk to a lot of girls。

 meet a lot of girls， date a lot of girls and see what you like。

And then be with the girls that you like and that you resonate with and you can spend time with and that you。

 you know， you find that you have similar philosophies to or could share values with or that kind of stuff。

 So instead of thinking like that there's this objectively hot girl that you should be aspiring to because it's like a trophy。

Be thinking what girl do you uniquely genuinely like。

 and probably that girl is going to be relatively high value because guys generally。

Like girl like girls generally are appealing to guys or unappeaing to guys due to similar traits。

 right， So the girl that is appealing to you will probably appealing to other guys and will probably be a quote unquote high value guy high value girl。

 sorry but。You shouldn't be， you know， picking just because she's the like high social value girl that's a really dumb way to pick and that's a really good way to end up with a girl who looks good on Instagram and is a nightmare in real life。

 for example， so I think that that that's not maybe the best question to ask or the really best question ask or better question ask is what do you particularly resonate with what do you particularly like and what is going make you in particular happy。

Okay， so this is another repeated question here。 What are some exercises。

 maybe books you can read or education that help you your verbal capacity paraphrasing and communicating more precisely So yeah。

 this is a really good question because verbal game does matter And's why after this my next program maybe not my next program depending on CoviId and whatnot but one of my next programs is gonna be verbal game Academy。

 which is know really looking so how do you improve verbal capacity Well different things you can do improval comedy really good public speaking really good stand up comedy。

 doing it if you can just watching it watching funny movies really。

 really good reading and appreciating quotations is a big one for me So there's books of quotations just find a guy that you like like find someone who you think is witty and like do a search for quotes by that person read through those quotes and see what you like about those quotes incorporate what ones you can into your own speech and I mentioned in that infield I mentioned the idea of a verbal wrinkle。

 right？And some this may or may not resonate to you， may or may not。

 but I'm going to say like for example， I it guy Ambros Bes。

 he wrote a book called The Devil's Dictionary， he basically takes these quotes and he does these ironic twists on definitions of words。

And so he defined， for example， he defined peace as a period of cheating between two periods of fighting。

 It's very dark， it's very ironic and I like it。 It's a quote that resonates with me it's a quote that has like pitthiness and wit and it's something that I could see myself saying at some point and so that's a quote that that's my type of quote and there would be people like that like Mark Twain has some good quotes that I like Winston Churchill actually had some pretty good quotes there's different people that are very quotable people can get on board with and they resonate with your philosophy they resonate with who you are there' would be fictional characters。

 Hank Moody from California has some good quotes that I liked so different people like that but quotations and language is really good and then just reading a lot and even reading fiction I know as men into self-improvement and whatnot we read like non-fiction and self-hel bookss and that kind of stuff but occasionally reading some fiction and learning storytelling from by osmosis from reading fiction and learning how to carry a plot and how to what good dialogue is and those kind of things can be really really useful as。

Well。So those are some tips as far as that goes。Okay， another multi asked question from Alex。

 should I spend my time on social media， EG， Instagram or Facebook。

 just for the sake of getting girls。So that that's the general question。 It's paraphrase。

 but that's the general question。 It's up to you。 It's absolutely up to you。

 And it depends on your return on investment。 I personally don't like those platforms because I find that I get very distracted and waste a lot of hours when I go on social media。

 So I try and avoid it。 I would much rather just go on traditional dating sites where I know girls are actively looking and。

And the premise is already established and I have a procedure that I can just do and I find it to be less personally like toxic overall for me because I just don't like social media。

 but if you like being on social media by all means。

 if you find that the girls you particularly like post a lot of social media are on social media and you find you're actually getting a return from hitting them up on social media by all means do。

IfThe question， I think I'm going rephrase the question because I took the question is。

 should you spend your time like browsing through social media， If the question is。

 should you spend your time making your social media good， then the answer very often is yes。

 actually， though， And it doesn't have to be so amazing， right。

 There's levels of social media there's。There's no social media， which is。It's bad ish。

 but it's not as bad。 There's actively bad social media。

 which you should not have if you're gonna have no social media or have actively bad social media。

 like a few layme pictures and no friends， you're better off not having it at all。

 then there's social media that's good enough。 like it conveys your normal。

 it conveys you have some friends it conveys your general lifestyles cool and okay and that doesn't take much。

 that takes just a few photos that takes like a few good photos。

 if you just happen to like once once once every two weeks for a couple months。

 take a good photo and then maybe after that once a month take a photo or once every couple months。

 take a new photo and just add to that so it's just vaguely active。

 have your existing real friends as long as you at least like a few hundred friends or something like that overall which you should be able to get relatively quickly。

 especially if you're doing approaches。 you just have girls add you or something like that。

 you should be able to get to a decent amount so it doesn't look awful。

Then you know it's enough to make you look like a human being。

 not a weirdo convey kind of a cool life etc。 And then there's taking social media to the extreme of making it like an advertisement for yourself。

 And by all means you can do that if you're willing to put in the time but it does have diminishing returns at a certain point and it does become time consuming at that point I think if you're truly truly dedicated to being great with girls and truly dedicated to reducing your flaking as much as possible making your social media actually to that quite good level probably is worth it but what I would suggest for sanitity's sake is at a bare minimum if you want to be dedicated to this。

 get your social media up to that acceptable level where it's at least a net positive for you and that way if a girl has a good interaction with you and then looks you up on social media she's not going immediately never mind So I think you should expire at least to that level and then once you're there and getting good results if you want to take it at that next level because you will see some positive from social media you should hopefully be motivated to do that and then you can keep going until you start seeing diminishing returns getting it up to at least that acceptable level though I think is。

Is very useful and if you're young， like if you're in your early 20s and want to be dating a lot of girls。

 it is very， very useful。嗯。This is an interesting question。

 how do Kve value in Europe where playing unattainable doesn't work as well。

 especially in online dating。The same stuff still works。 You just tone it down， right， So it's。

 it's still the same things。 It's just the ratio。 So we talked about like the coffee and milk thing。

 right， value and comfort。 So you still can say polarizing things。

 you still can say you're looking for a particular type of girl。

 you might tone it down a slight amount or you might just， instead of there being。

Instead if you have a 10 sentence profile， they're being two to3， really polarizing things。

 Maybe in a 15 sentence profile。 you have one to two polarizing things。

 or maybe just two in a 15 or one in a 10 or something like that。

 So you're just you're diminishing the ratio just a little bit and you can tone down the harshness a little bit。

 but the same general techniques work。 remember attraction is not a choice。

 getting reaction where girl is not a choice。 Now how a girl socialized is what's different about US versus Europe girls are socialized differently。

 girls have different ideas of what is value。 and particularly there's European polarizing and American polarizing right So American culture。

 we have this idea of like the rugged individual is， the celebrity culture。

 the standout this kind of thing， right Europeans have a different form of what they've been conditioned to think of as high value and what they've been conditioned to think of as polarizing。

 So if you take American polarizing to Europe might not translate culturally the same way that taking something that's European culture might work。

 So maybe you use references to European people instead of American people maybe you。

You whats the word model your behavior after like popular like European soccer stars as opposed to American sports stars or something like that right so。

 but there are still going to be certain high value things。

 You just have to make sure that they translate culturally and you have to make sure you calibrate them the right。

 but it doesn't mean that the same things don't work the same things fundamentally work。

 You just have to make them culturally relevant。There's a great maybe I don't know if great it's a good word for it。

 There's a commercial from soccer during the World Cup from like 1994 and 98。 That was interesting。

 It was Jerry Seinfd， and he did his acting in in London and he did the exact same jokes that didn't work in that worked in the United States and they felt flat in London on the ad And so was like a MasterCar or American Express hat or something that like hey I gotta go around the country and light on lingo he wrote a taxi around the country and just got familiar with all the references for England。

 then they show him on stage at the end telling the joke and instead of saying like is this the seventh inning stretch as his punchline for like the American audience he goes what is this the T interval for like the British audience。

 So he learned how to take the same principles that made him funny in the US he learned to make it cultural。

 Now obviously that's just a commercial It's not true to life， but it does make an important point。😊。

So that's what I would really focus on there is it's still the same principles。

 you just need to calibrate it and get some references from Europe， get some role models from Europe。

 get some ideas of what is working there， and then take the same ideas。

 it all comes from again evolution and attention and all these same key idea same key fundamental principles。

 but you do want to calibrate the exact execution of it because yes that will change。All right。

 this is a really good question for a few people for a few people。

 can you talk about how to convey the UVP in game， like how do you get a girl to see your UP？

Funny stuff in the chat here。 Okay， so how can I convey the U VP in game。

 How can I get a girl to see the U VP， So you're going to do it little by little。

 you're gonna do it in sometimes in a subtle word choice。

 sometimes in the choice of a story you tell those kind of things。 So， for example。

 let's say that I have。😊，Okay， so I have the U VP of being a successful guy right Well。

 when a girl asks what I do for a living， the way I answer that question is going to convey some of those successful qualities。

 but it's also going to be a little dismissive in aloof like I don't talk like talking about work。

 because as I mentioned before， a lot of times the really serious and successful people don't like talking about it。

 So it's going to convey a few of those unique qualities， it's gonna to be a little mysterious。

 it's going to act like I don't really want to talk about it。

 which is then ideally going to provoke her to ask more， But even if it doesn't。

 I've still convey a little bit of it。Or for example。

 conveying that I know the dance right so maybe you tell a story about a girl flirting with you or whatever。

 or maybe you see some guy and girl over there and you make a comment about what's going on and some lame thing that the guy is doing or how the girls's reacting to him and's this and that and it shows that you're socially aware right so you're pointing out little just little nuggets of information that relate to these kinds of things。

One so maybe maybe another one of like UVP of being a high value guy that's this dated hot girls before or something like that。

 if you happen to know something if she's like maybe in a hot girl industry and you happen to know something about that industry。

 you're conveying that UVP that you're that guy that has dated girls in that industry before。

 so you're conveying some social proof into that， etc cea， et cetera。

So different things like that also conveying some of these generally attractive qualities hint at a UVVP so for example。

 being dismissive hints at being abundant， which is part of a high value UVVP etc So part of it is just conveying high value traits in general。

 but how you answer questions what do you tell in stories what you leave out in stories。

 what you point out how you steer the conversation。

 what conversational topics you steer towards what conversational topics you steer away from what you're willing and unwilling to say。

 do you do you swear or do you avoid swearing if you if you tell a joke。

 do you tell it very like bluntly and very like whatever or do you like refine it and try and say like say something blunt in a sophisticated way and there's good there's pros and cons to both。

Right， so all of those are going to be ways that you convey your UP every single time you open your mouth。

 you're giving people two bits of information。 you're giving people what you're literally saying。

 and then you're giving people all the things they can imply from what you're saying。

 and so you want to。Be implying your UVP through all these different things and you going to be talking in subjects where you are knowledgeable So for example。

 if you're really if you're good at science， you want to talk in science if you're bad at sports。

 you don't want to talk in sports if you know a lot about dancing。

 talk about dancing or dance with the girl right so you want to be gearing things that way。Let's see。

Okay， question， how do we know when we're needing to game less win infield and balance the baseline so that's a really interesting question。

 a good question。Essentially at any given moment when I'm in field I'm assessing a couple things I'm assessing does a girl need more value and more or more comfort。

 that's a big thing I'm assessing and that that has to do with how much she's reacting to me。

 but then also if she seems tense or nervous or how her body language is。

If she seems to be holding back or stuff like that。

 because sometimes a girl will see you as having a lot of value。

 but she'll be nervous because she wants to impress you and doesn't want to say the wrong thing。

 And so for a girl like that， you need to just ease off and and talk more and just just chill out and let her have more comfort。

 Wheres if a girl starting to be like become complacent and like give you more shit tests or。

Stop paying his attention to you as much or stop reacting to as much then you may need to up the value some more so that's that's part of it is what is the value comfort ratio but the other thing I think about is what is the gameiness ratio like what percentage of what I've done is game me I don't it to be game move game move game move game move game move even if it's value move comfort move value move comfort move。

Sometimes if if I feel like it's just， it's been a little too smooth or it's been a little too hard hitting or it just seems a little bit like too scripted or too much like a movie scene like it's too。

 too good or too on point， I will just back off to normalize it。

And you kind of get a sense for that the way that you'll eventually do it is that you're gonna go too far。

 Eventually you'll go too far with value and you'll have a situation that's happening to me a few times it was very very eye openingening for me when it happened is you'll be talking to a girl you'll be doing something and she likes you you talk to a girl you do more of that thing and she likes you more you talk to her she likes you more and the more you do the more she likes you。

 the more you do the more she likes you and then you do more of it all of a sudden she snaps and hates you That's when you went too far once you've gone too far a couple times you're gonna get a sense for what it feels like to go too far and you're gonna know when to back off That's the best answer I can give you is that you'll learn it in field by pushing too far a couple times but the answer I'll give short is to be monitoring those kinds of different things。

Allright guess I want to finish off today and you can look at finishing off today as starting the the follow up。

So in a way we're ending， but in another way we're starting because we're gonna have a couple months。

 I think it's four months in total of followup from this where I'm gonna help you guys with working through your value issues we can go through more of the similar type of content I already mention we'll towards maybe doing some messaging type content if if we can find a good good way of doing that and also one of the big things I want to work with you guys on is helping you to internalize some high value habits that are' get you towards your high value goal So what I want to talk about we're already kind of over time but we're gonna go maybe another maybe 1520 minutes。

 maybe a half hour I don't know is I want to talk to you guys about setting goals and achieving goals and I'm going give you sort of the parameters for setting a good goal and then build breaking into habits and then I'm going to talk to you about specifically the advice I give to students at the end of my live coaching programs whether it be a boot camp or an immersion about how to implement good game habits and then I want you to take this information and。

Figure out the one habit， one high value habit you want to internalize one high value like goal you want to get and then the habits to internalize to get to that goal And what we're going do in our follow up communication via Facebook and in the followup calls and that kind of stuff is we're going hopefully help you guys both through advice and being there and support and accountability with implementing and internalizing those high value habits and hopefully getting to be a much more high value guy overall。

 So that's that's where we're going to go from here。So let's talk about the goal setting roadmap。

 so the game version of the goal setting roadmap。😊，Basically， at the end of a program。

 if this were immersion or boot camp or something like that。

 what I'd be asking you to do is to be committing to a plan for how you're going continue to implement the tactics right we just had our time together。

 I taught you a bunch of tactics you've experienced some things Weve got some new results。

 but the easiest thing to do is go right back to your old life and your old habits and not continue to push it。

 So how can we get you to do this more readily。And what I would ask is for people to be accountable to a very simple plan and so I ask a series of questions and the big thing in the answers to these questions is you should do this for yourself。

 but this is a stepping stone to the life goal stuff we're going to work on as well but the question the answers you give to these questions should be conservative so when I ask you how many days you're going to go out and work on your game or if it's online how many days you're going to like send messages or try and go on dates or whatever。

You should be conservative， do it in a way that it's not gonna like make you lose your job because you're doing too much。

 do it in a way that's not gonna to drive you crazy and burn you out in the first week。

 Like you should not be messaging girls for eight hours a day online。

 that's ridiculous right It should be for like， you know， maybe you set aside an hour。

 half an hour or two hours a day two hours is already pretty extensive but like half an hour a day for messaging girls。

 maybe up to an hour a day as you're getting good at it。

 something like that and you just make it a part of your life you make it a continuous funnel that gets easier and easier for you something like that would be would be a starting place okay。

So the first question and this is for live we can adapt it to online line and1。

 first question would be how many days a week can you conservatively go out And again。

 this is how often you can go out without negatively impacting the rest of your life you're not gonna lose your job you're not gonna lose all your other friends you're not gonna gain 30 pounds because you stop going to the gym how often can you go out conservatively and ideally if you can I suggest at least three days a week because there you're minimizing the time in between sessions。

 if you say two days a week you go out Friday and Saturday now you have five days of not doing game and then two days of doing game and five days of not doing it you're developing this habit。

 whereas if you could even add like a half hour session on a Tuesday now the longest time you're going in between sessions is two and a half days or so as opposed to five and that's gonna be tremendously better for you so I really recommend that I recommend how many days can you go out conservatively that you can hit every single time I'd rather you say two or I'd rather say three at least even if it was two I'd rather say two and actually do it than say six and not do it。

so it needs to be something that you think you absolutely can hit， absolutely will hit right。

 conservative， conservative conservative， much rather you build the habit and then expand on it than that you have trouble building the habit。

Second question I would ask， and this is personal to everybody would be。

How many approaches are you gonna to do when you go out And this can be different for a day game or night game or maybe like if you're messing girls if you took it to that。

 it could be like how many， how many girls are you gonna like at a minimum like or how many how long are you gonna to swipe something like that。

 you can do a time goal as and I'm gonna go for two hours or three hours or something like that。

 But only if your past approach anxiety。 if you have approach anxiety。

 do a numbers goal number of approaches if you approach anxiety。 if you're really good at game。

 you can go out for two hours， three hours and trust yourself to do it。

 Just be honest with yourself and you know which category you are All right so often you're gonna go out conservatively without ruining your life。

 Secondly， how many hours or how many approaches are you going do conservatively it should be easy to stick to not hard。

 It's much more important you stick to it than that it is over the top amazing from the get go。

 Okay habit matters more than degree。Okay， so how many approaches， so how often how many approaches？

The next one and this is where it gets really interesting and the question is。

What qualifies as an approach to you， What is your bare minimum standard that you did a good job right So for example。

 and if you' were to translate to this online， you're going to message four girls a day。 Well。

 if you just message high to four girls a day， you didn't do a good job。

 that was not the bare minimum standard right So maybe it's if you convey some mandawo premise。

 then you counts。 Or maybe if you ask for a number then it counts or maybe for me。

 it's not even about following the process， it's about if I did。

 you know something something polarizing or witty enough to be out of the ordinary and set me apart。

 if I didn't do that， I didn't put proper effort into the set right so。

What is your criteria for bare minimum you expect from yourself for it to qualify as an approach And then next one is what do you what is your bare minimum for what you consider a success in an approach and this will change as you get better at first。

 just doing the approach， maybe a success because you got of your approaching anxiety and you should celebrate that and remember winner effect remember the idea that if you make it too hard to succeed。

 then you're not gonna have successes and you're gonna have negative winner effect。

 you're going to feel like you're losing all the time it's gonna suck if you make it too easy。

 you're gonna fall out of flow and you're gonna get bored So you want to make it so that you're succeeding often but not always So what is a victory for you at first just talking maybe a victory and then maybe getting a 30 second conversations a victory and then eventually getting a phone number could be a victory eventually getting a date could be a victory etc。

 So you want to have a level of victory where you're winning somewhere between 30 to 70% of the time where that's what you consider a victory that's what you consider your average approach。

And obviously， as you get better at game， that's gonna higher and higher and higher。

 And then the goal is to do this absolute bare minimum thing， but be super religious about it。

 So if you were， if it's， you know， three days a week， half hour a day， I don't care that you。

 you know， if you go if you go six hours one day， great， that's fine， but。

It's most important to just stick with it because as soon as youre， oh， I don't have to do it today。

 it doesn't matter now， then you start slipping so you to you want to do a habit that you absolutely totally can stick to and you want to make it as easy for yourself as possible。

And hopefully it's something emotionally compelling for you。

 usually in this kind of situation we don't have to deal with how emotionally compelling it is because it's someone that's just coming off of'm a boot camp or an immersion or something like that and so they obviously have committed to this area of their life and they've pushed really hard for it okay so。

You want to you want to be setting up those right or proper guidelines to make it as easy for you to do as possible。

 So that's an example of a very easy game habit。 And what you want to do even beyond that is come up with the times you're gonna do it So maybe Thursday during your lunch break。

 it's in your schedule and that's when you do it or Wednesday night this time to this time is when you do it and you have it planned aside you have it in your schedule And ideally it's almost like a natural outgrowth for for example。

 when I was doing when I was kind of relearning game or revamping my game after I'd been a pickup coach and then a poker player was going back to being like a pickup coach what I did was every single day I went to the gym from the time I left my house the time I went back in my house I had to do three approaches and so me leaving the house was my cu to be in that mode and if I hadn't done my three approaches I wasn't allowed I wasn't allowed to reenter the house until I had done my three approaches So that's a habit that is triggered on another existing habit because I was already going to the gym that was a habit I already had and I was。

It to make this other habit a doable reality。 So that's that's a little bit about the procedure。

 So that's an example of some of the characteristics and a habit。

 What I'm going to do for now you now， guys is I'm going to lay out for you what what the kind of the procedures and steps are to building your own high value。

Goal and habit are and then what I'm going to ask you guys to do is follow up with us maybe a feedback form I'll have to check that may be a good way to do it。

 but definitely on Facebook is a great way because that way you can share it publicly and you guys can start participating and encouraging each other and helping each other with your habits and helping to refine those habits as well because there's definitely a good and a bad way to set goals and a good and a bad way to set habits and so we can help you with that once you give us your own particular you know goals and habits。

Okay， so general goals so stage just to a good goal。 first。

 emotionally impactful We talked at the start yesterday about what is it you want to get out of this。

 What is the biggest thing you want to get out of this。

 what would you like to do more than anything to make yourself high value do you want to make more money you get better。

 you can get better girls。 You want to feel better about yourself。

 you want to just be able to assert yourself instead of feeling shy and timid all the time what is it that you most want in terms of being a high value guy feeling that you have up to your value What is emotionally impactful for when you close your eyes and imagine it you actually want it and you actually care whatever you're gonna do needs to be that because if you don't care you're not gonna to do the hard work So that's number one and emotionally impactful。

 I'm going go through these somewhat fast。 I could I could leave these on for like five minutes and have you think about and five minutes and have think about it I'm going go through these fast because you're gonna get notes and you're gonna get this recording So write down the titles for now and you can go through the process of doing it。

stepep by step， you know， as you go afterwards， if it's not immediately apparent you， but number one。

 it needs to be emotionally impactful。Number two， it needs to be clearly to find it reasonable。

 right， So if you've never。If you've never run in your life running a four minute mile in six months is not reasonable it's not Also something that's like become a better runner is not clearly defined that's not' you won't know if you got you'll know a little bit。

 but you can't specifically know if if if you achieve that or not or if you you have asked it or whatever right so clearly defined but also reasonable is what you want like ideally maybe if its a game goal。

😡，It would be to if maybe you'd never talk to girls would be to get to a point where within a few months you're getting at least a date every couple weeks。

 something like that right so clearly to find reasonable but it's not like I want to like you know have H Hener's life in two months when I'm a virgin now so reasonable but defined and if you're a little bit off in these it's okay if you determine it to be reasonable and then you go for it and it's a little unreasonable hopefully the progress you'll have made by at least following the right steps along the way will have gotten you a lot of progress and even if you missed the goal。

 you're still gonna to see a ton of progress and that'll be enough to keep you with it So try and be as reasonable as you can if in doubt aim a little high and then just make sure you're really on top of your habits so that even if you don't achieve it you can be proud of yourself for hitting the habits。

3， you've done your research or your groundwork。 So for example。

 if you want to lose weight as a goal， you would want to research what types of exercises are the most useful to you and you want to you want to exercise you and I sorry you want to research how many calories should I be taking in or putting out or what kind of nutrition is best in that kind of stuff make sure you've done the research make sure you're the groundwork make sure you have a plan and I do want to point something out here。

 it's possible you will have the wrong plan it's possible you will have an imperfect plan you may not have the best workout plan if you're first starting out trying to get in shape that's okay because remember one。

 you're going to develop the habit which is probably more important than the plan at this point anyway number two。

 if you have a plan that's at least sort of reasonable and you're working it consistently whereas you haven't been working consistently before you're gonna get a lot of growth just from being new and making that immediate bump of progress and then you can refine and improve on what you're doing from there and you should be seeking new information and continue learning and that kind of stuff but it's okay if your plan isn't perfect Also if you achieve。

If you do all your habits and you don't fully achieve the goal， even if you didn't achieve the goal。

 understand that the habit is the goal okay if you are a strong enough person and have the selfdi to get the habit。

 even if you don't get the end goal at the end of it the fact that you've determined that you've built that habit will help you with a couple two tweak weeks to eventually get that end goal and it will help you to get a lot of other end goals so be hard on yourself for your habits not hard on yourself for the end goal right do the groundwork。

 do the research， try and make it reasonable try and make it as likely as possible you can hit it but if you don't you hit all the habits and all the behaviors along the way。

 still be proud of yourself that's very， very important I cannot emphasize you how important that is that doing the daily work and doing the habit is more important than actually achieving the goal because it will get you there eventually and it will also get you way more in life than that one particular goal so make sure you've researched and done the groundwork for whatever that goal is。

Next， what is the time horizon？Generally， I mean， a good time horizon for this is we're gonna have accountability for about four months。

 is about four months or something like three months， four months， something like that。

 maybe three months and you can tweak it as you go is is a pretty good time horizon for your goals in general。

 you can set goals for any time horizon， you can set one week goals one year goals if you set really long goals though you definitely want to have some sub goals you want to have some goals in between So it just doesn't seem so far off that it's absurd and ridiculous and pointless and that each day's effort doesn't matter。

 So you want it to be far enough off that it's inspiring and you can achieve a lot or you think you can achieve a lot but close enough that each day actually matters。

 That's the ideal time horizon for your goals in this case。

 I say try and set a three or four month goal or maybe a good way to go if you want to set a one month goal and a three month goal along the same lines。

So break it into sub goalss， I already mentioned that especially with the time horizon。

Create the habits So what is it what is a habit， So a habit is something you do without thinking about it。

 So when you get a cu， some random thing here， something happens in the external world。

That motivates you to do something and then at the end of it you get some kind of reward and the reward could be a tangible reward like。

Like you giving yourself a dessert or a treat or something like that， although if you you know。

 depending on what your workout what your goal is if it's like working out。

 you might not want to like have an ice cream to celebrate because you might be undoing the progress。

 So it can be like a tangible reward or it can be an activity reward。

 You get to do a particular thing or get to relax for a particular period time or it can be just that you feel good about yourself if something feels complete or whatever。

 But the point is there's a cu。 There's a routine as a reward。 So for example。

 if and I'm mentioning getting in shape a lot I'm not saying this should be your goal or has to be your goal or anything like that。

 But I'm just mentioning it's an easy goal and it's very straightforward。😊，Not easy。

 but straightforward anyway， so like a good cube might be that if you have a home gym right when you get home when you walk in the door the first thing you do is walk over to the gym and start working out or maybe you go to the gym on your way home some big reason why if people work out in the evenings because they go from work to home and they go to the gym in between and they're just there they have no excuse but to work out because it's part of their routine。

If， for example， it probably is not an aspirational goal or whatever。

 but if your goal was the big build that if you wanted to build the habit of flossing your teeth。

 well maybe you floss your teeth after you brush and before you do some other hygiene thing and maybe what you do is you put the dental floss on top of like the box that you get your vitamins out of or you put it on top of where you get your pajamas out to where whatever so that you literally have to move it out of the way in order to do it and you have like almost no choice but to floss right and so if there's something going on around if you have existing habits。

Merge your new habits into your existing habits， All right， Make it a congruent。

 easy part of your life so you don't have to think about it。 The more thinking there is involved。

 the less likely you are to follow through with it， the more automatic it is。

 the more likely you are to follow through with it。 you have a queue。

 which is something that occurscur in the external world like IU getting home from work。

 a certain TV show finishing， youre finishing a different task， etctera， et。

 you waking up in the morning， anything like that。You have a routine and then you get some kind of reward and that's how you create habits and eventually the reward becomes the completion and the feeling of doing the habit。

 you shouldn't need extrinsics rewards the entire time。

 although you can use them to an extent at the start。

And then use accountability and that's why we are going to suggest that you post to the Facebook group。

 We're gonna suggest that you communicate with each other。

 You're going suggest that you ask us questions， suggest you come to the followup sessions where we'll continue to talk about the general concepts of high value continue to do profile breakdowns。

 mess breakdowns make sure some more infield all those kind of things but we're also going to talk about your accountability goals if you're having struggling with them if you're doing really well with them if there's things that are coming up we can talk about those kind of things as well。

 so we're going to use this group as the accountability for that goal and as mentioned。

 we're gonna to have followups over a fourmon period。 we're initially I'll get back to on this。

 we're initially thinking about doing one a month over four months。

 but because we're focusing so much on habit what we're likely to do actually is frontloaded a little bit So we might end up doing two in the first month and then like maybe one the next month and then and then one like a month and a half later or something like that because in developing habits。

 those early stages are even more important。 So we're still going do the followup question。

Ss over a four month period， but we might actually front load them a little bit so that those of you who are using them as accountability and asking questions about your goals and and using the group to help develop those good habits that you'll have a a lot more touch points right early on for you so that's your homework that's your homework what is your goal and then what habit one habit only one habit this one habit if you do it will get you towards that goal or a long way towards that goal will get you achieving that goal so what is the habit and then how are you going internalize that habit how are you going make that habit part of your life and your goal you can do a lot of things in your life but your goal as a follow up from this is to internalize one high value habit make it a part of your life if you do that one is gonna to improve your life but two you will have done this process and you will then know how to achieve other high value habits as well So that's what I want to leave you with today is come with your high value habit will probably have some kind of feedback form for you after this that you can write to us and let us know and we。

Be able to evaluate but definitely post it in the Facebook group we're gonna be on there myself some of my coaches。

 the admin staff will be on there periodically be trying to help you guys to stay accountable stay on top of it also answering your value questions etc etc so I do want to make this a really positive experience not just for this weekend but over the next several months so again this is the end of this weekend but we technically have four more sessions we're gonna to be getting together talking asking and answering questions helping you through so I hope you guys really enjoyed it and I look forward to your questions your follow up I look forward to seeing your goals and I look forward to seeing your questions and follow up on the subsequent session Thank you so much I appreciate it once again take care and good night。

