# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：11.问答：问答#6_Q&A #5【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey guys， I believe we're live， let me know if you are able to hear me。Yeah， sorry about that， guys。

 I literally， I apologize。 I did not have this in my calendar。 I don't know how that happened。

 I don't know。 it got， I mean， I think I approved the scheduling one time。

 and then I didn't hear anything about it。 So that's a complete dropping the ball on our end and I apologize we'll probably do something like give you an extra Q& A session or something like that and make it up or who knows but I apologize for my tariness for those of you who are patient and still here great。

 awesome for those of you who obviously logged on and gave up。 I do apologize again。

 we'll try and probably try and give you something extra and you will be able to listen to these questions。

In a recorded format， you will still get answers to them but we'll do something about it and you know again。

 my bad my apologies let's let's go through it fortunately we do have the questions and I think they are ordered kind of in in order of the responsiveness the amount of people who wanted an answer to them so we can really try and do them in that order and definitely the heavily requested questions。

 we will absolutely get to the questions that have like you know zero response like or zero zero feedback we'll see if if I think they're particularly good questions I may answer them if we have some time I may answer them but I'll do the best I can to get to all the questions if possible and definitely the the top questions for sure okay。

So first question， top top voted question， what is a good way to make approaching a habit？嗯。

Kind of the same way that you make anything a habit which is one do it right do it you're never gonna make approaching a habit by sitting around and giving yourself excuses and not approaching no matter whatever other things you put in place if when you see a hot girl you don't approach that's a habit you're not gonna build and you need to have a motivation and a belief and kind of remind yourself right a lot of times the way that you build a habit we talked about this in the original kind of value masterclass lecture is to to integrate it with your life and have things that trigger you to do it and kind of like you set up a specific time for it。

 etc， etc right if you put it in your calendar if you have it come right after something else like I。

e。 walk home from the gym and during that walk you do day game or you go to the park on Saturdays and during during that park you do approach or something like that right？

So having a specific event that is going to lead to it or trigger it is going to be very very helpful having having it work in your lifestyle is going to be helpful。

 but the major thing is to note when you don't do it and kind of be a little hard on yourself and determine that you're going to do better next time right so。

For example， when I was in college and I started doing approaching。

 I had like an ethic about approaching， which was that every hot girl has to get approached period if I see her。

 she's getting approached， that's it always no excuses。

 no reason not to absolutely 100% is happening and。

That was even a lie actually because I didn't know how to approach girls in groups so actually what I thought that was my rule。

 my rule was every hot girl gets approach， my actual role was every hot girl that's in a scenario that I can contemplate a successful approach gets approached right and actually that one restriction that I didn't know about kept me from getting really good at game for about two years because I only learned how to approach groups two years later but anyway。

At least I held myself to it。 right Like if I didn't do it， I would be kicking myself。

 I would be like， I'd be annoyed it myself。 I would， I would note that I hadn't done it。

 and it would it would be more painful for me not to do it than to do it。

 So part of developing a habit is just doing it and just getting the reps until it becomes normal and becomes commonplace。

 Second part of developing a habit is to to find a time， find a routine。 And I did that as well。

 Like I had routines around it when I started approaching one was whenever I went to the cafeteria。

 I would get my little tray of food in the college cafeteria。 And I would look around。

 And if there was any hot girl sitting alone， I would go over to her table and ask if I could sit there And then I would try and you know have some kind of small talk。

 whatever it was absolutely 100% of the time。 like it was a routine that when I walked out of the little you know cashier's area and had like paid for my lunch。

 I looked around， I said， okay， where is the most opportune place for me to do an approach。

 And most of the time， there was someone I could talk to or at least a lot of the time。

 there was someone I could potentially talk to。 and that was a routine， Another routine was。

On on weekends to do my homework， if I was like doing some light reading or homework that was relatively portable to do it in the student center as opposed to in my dorm room and by doing it there。

 I could look up occasionally， maybe they'd be hot girls around I could do an approach So I found ways to you know schedule it into my day another one was when I was walking to class if I was walking to class and I would kind of walk fast ish or slowishh actually interestingly enough either way but I would walk at a different pace than people in general。

 And that way I would have a high probability of catching a girl who was walking my same direction being able to have a conversation with her on the way to class。

 So I came up with all these little things I could do to put me in the situation to approach and then I also made it a thing。

 I made it an absolute imperative that。That it made an imperative that I have to approach if the approach is possible。

 right so that was another thing that I did。All right。

This is a funny one because I saw this before the first asking me is JP。 I'm like， wait。

 JP is on here。But it is a different JP obviously than than the JP that I know from my team okay the question is。

 hey Todd， what could be a good way of conveying yourself on a Tinder bio could you give us examples framework to display a high value guide thanks？

So I'm actually going to be putting out a video on YouTube along those lines in the very near future I just shot it a couple days ago。

 so you can look forward to that and I am going to actually address that。But basically。

Your bio should do a few things。 Okay， your bio should one get attention apps it has to get attention。

 And there's， there's tons of different ways to do that。

 You can get it with something outlandish in your photos。

 You can get it with like an outlandish headline。 If if bios have headlines， some do some don't。

You can get it with the first few sentences， excuse me。

A first two sentences of what you've written can stand out in some way and be sort of unique in some way like that and that will definitely go a long way as well。

So first thing is you have to stand out second thing is you need to tell a story right you should think to yourself if I were a girl and I had to sum me up after reading this bio in two to three sentences。

 what would be my summary and it should be a summary that that definitely stands out as different than other guys and stands out in a positive way right that hits on some kind of archetype。

 some kind of some kind of high value thing that that that is going to help。One one second。Okay。

 so I was just messaging something to my team so they could get something handled。

 so that's the first thing it has to get attention。 Secondly， it has to put you in a certain light。

 and there are 100 different lights it could be。 there's not one right answer to that。

 but it needs to be an attractive archetype。 So it can be the successful ambitious guy。

 It can be the guy with the awesome lifestyle that travels all the time。

 it can be the guy who is is really like sexy and attractive to girls and those almost over it it can be like tons of different things like that。

 but it it has to be something and it should be congruent and clear so one you get attention to congruent and clear messaging and a third thing that helps helps a lot is well written And so a lot of times in my bio is what I like to do。

 and this is actually isn't encapsulated in the thing I'm gonna put out on YouTube soon。

 but Im gonna do probably a second one that will encapsulate this one。

 but one thing that I like to do in a lot of my bios I take quotes from either like。

Goodod mail archetypes or like things that have been written in movies or TV because I know that's done by professional writer that I think are particularly clever。

 particularly witty particularly exemplary of how I want to convey myself and I'll actually start with those quotes as something to use as a kind of a bedrock of my bio and by doing that。

By having those those quotes in the bio， I ensure that it will be well written。

 I ensure that it will be engaging， I ensure that it will be memorable right because if you。

 if you did a search online for memorable quotes from X， Y Z TV show or X Y Z character， X。

 Y Z famous person，The things that are said there are memorable by their nature。

 they wouldn't have made it to that list if they weren't。

 And if your goal is to stick in the girls's mind， if your goal is to stand out。

 starting with something already memorable is a good start now a lot of times the exact quote won't fit your bio but if you found it clever and you found it relevant and you found it representative of you in some way you can probably change a few words or change of framing and use the inherent thing that makes it memorable。

 the inherent thing that makes it pit the inherent thing that makes it interesting in your favor in some way and sometimes you can't but if you have a sample of like you know 50 different quotes and you end up using seven of them in your bio well then you've conveyed yourself in an attractive。

 clear， interesting way that is very memorable and you can pick the best of them there's literally probably a million quotes out there you could potentially use and you don't have to use all of them you should use a small tiny fraction that is fitting for you So that requires a little bit of digging and a little bit of going out there but it's kind of fun to like reading reading quotes that you enjoy is not a terrible use of。

TimeOr odious task in the first place so that's another thing you can do is to try and make the bio itself memorable because it's well written because it is it has maybe some interesting philosophical bent to it because it is it has maybe some turner phrase etc that's going to help to make your profile pop as well so those are three things I try and have in every single profile like I said I'm going have an example of a part of a profile how or on YouTube in the near future and I'm probably going to do a second one following on from that。

Soon afterwards， I just started an experiment recently where I'm just writing bios for。

For all the different platforms， or at least all the different popular platforms so I'm going to do match O Cupid Tinderbuumble hinge I have profiles on match O Cupid and Tinder right now I don't have bumble and hinge up yet and I do unique profiles for all of them and like just drastically different no copy no carryover just as an experiment to show you guys a bunch of different things that can work so I'm working towards that at the moment I'll let you guys know when that is when that is coming out but those are the elements I would clearly and definitely do and some suggestions for how to actually have those elements so hopefully that is helpful to。

Alright， next question。 How can I feel comfortable showing sexual interest。

 I feel like I'm immoral and creepy for wanting to have sex without being in a relationship with her。

 Okay， so this is an internal problem that you have。 All right， This is not a game problem。

 This is a how you're viewing yourself and how you're viewing sex problem， right。

 you need to view sex as a fun， mutual thing you can do with a girl。

 You need to view sex as an addition to her life。 right， I mean， literally。

 you are giving her one of the best experiences she can have in life。

 You're giving her one of the most high pleasure things that that that exists。 you know。

 So you should view it that way。 and you also should view it as if you have inherent kind of kind of beliefs that you're。

You know， harming a girl socially by having sex or that you need to get rid of that belief right。

 You should think that you're enhancing a girl socially by having sex with her right Do you think that like Leonardo Cario thinks she's like ruined a girl's reputation if he sleeps with her now if anything shes gonna go gonna go brag about a friend brag about it to her friends and all that kind of stuff So yeah this this has everything to do with your views towards sex So I would in this case I would really sit down and think to yourself like maybe a mi two list like what do I currently think about sex what。

On at least a logical level， should I think about sex or what should an ideal man or other guy want to be。

 How would he view sex with him And basically， when you catch yourself thinking the wrong way。

 don't be too hard on yourself， it's hard to change， you know， thought patterns。

 It takes time sometimes， but remind yourself。Remind yourself that， you know， oh wow。

 I caught myself thinking in that old puritanical way or oh。

 I caught myself being being very producer， Oh， I thought I caught myself being low selfesteem about the value I bring to the table in a sexual relationship right。

 Oh， I caught myself， you know， thinking like， you know， it's the 1800s instead of the year 2020。

Whatever it is， but really do delineate what it is that you're thinking now about sex and you know。

 think about how that's affecting you， think about how that is affecting the way you interact with the woman。

 how you view sex， how you view the value proposition etc ceter。

 and then think about what is the quote unquote right way or we can say more productive way。

 more useful way， I would say more correct way like the way that actually is you know going to be closer to the actual truth of things etcter。

 but。But yeah， what is the way that you should be， you know。

 viewing the world and really delineate it， really figure it out， etter。All right。去。啊，OK。

How should I behave in a relationship I fear building comfort with a girl because I think that will cause her to see me as less valuable。

All right， so this is a really interesting question。

 and one that's like to answer it is actually quite deep。 Okay。

 so there this this idea that building comfort will destroy your value。

Is kind of true kind of So it is true that early on in sort of a pickup。

 if you have a value that's based on disqualification and based on being particularly gay me and based on pushing the girl away and based on being unavailable' if that's the source of your value。

 if the source of value is those things， then when you become very available。

 when you do build a lot of connection， when you show that you you know you will will chase and do care。

 etc， there's a little incongruence there and that's problematic right and so that is kind of the problem with creating all of your value based on disqualification。

 disqualification is extremely useful， and it is it's a great tool for getting attention。

 it's a great tool for getting a little bit of attraction。

 It's a great tool for getting someone to chase initially， but all of that attention。

 all of that time that you get from someone。Is really only a means to an end。

 It's really only a way to give you a window to actually get to know them。

 to convey your actual high value traits， to have actual positive experiences with you that then become the core of the relationship。

 So when you are doing the later stuff that comfort stuff。

 What you're actually doing is you are still building value during。

 you're just building value in a different way。 You're building value through your inherent qualities through your opinions through sharing and and and and teaching and and experiencing something together。

 you're building value in all those ways you're building value less through disqualification at that point。

 Also， though it's not to say that you can't continue doing a little bit of the disqualification stuff。

 Okay， so on the one hand。😊，Maybe you're doing a lot of gamey stuff at the start。

 maybe you're doing a lot of pushing the girl away and giving her hard time and whatnot at the start and you do less of that later on and you should。

 but you shouldn't drop it entirely。 So maybe if at the start。

 like 5060% of your conversation is game in the first couple minutes later on on like a date。

 maybe 2030% is heavily gamey。 And then when you're in a relationship， maybe 10% is highly gamey。

 but you don't drop it entirely。 if you drop it entirely。

 you become boring and youre actually cheating the girl because the very thing that got her attracted in the first place。

 you stop doing you're acting a certain way， she's getting attracted to that。

 then you transition and shift oh， I'm not gonna do that anymore。 that's not fair。 that's messed up。

 and you also shouldn't realistically expect that' to have a result。

 if you're doing something that's working， keep doing it now。

 do it the appropriate amount tone it down to what makes sense within the context of the relationship you have and how deep you are and that kind of stuff。

 but don't drop it entirely so on the one hand。Pushaways and game and all that kind of stuff like highly gamey moves are not the only way to show value should continue showing value in other ways Also again。

 thats that those moves are only a means to an end。

 which is getting to that gets to know you value part but thirdly don't drop it entirely you want to be like ratcheting it back so you're starting with again a high percentage of game stuff going to a low percentage of gameie stuff but it doesn't go to zero even in a long relationship。

 you occasionally tease and flirt and mess around and do those kind of things and do some like gamey stuff and you you occasionally need to and should hold the frame and do things like that even in a relationship it just becomes a lesser percentage of what's going on by far so hopefully that helps in terms of in terms of these different factors that the question asker is considering there。

 okay。I rate myself as9 out of 10 because I was still loose to leave the caper no matter what。

 so how do I make this final push to see me as the total 10？嗯，没。So， I mean， let's really be honest。

There will be guys。who in the world for who whoever you are almost who in some way can give a girl more than you in a particular area right so if you define your value in that area。

 you're going to lose to them right if you define your burial value more holistically you maybe can beat them right because Leo's probably going to be better looking than you more famous than you able to take her to better parties than you able to spend more money on her than you able to take her on a more extravagant lifestyle than you better for her to brag about her friends than you。

No matter what， okay， even， even if you are pretty fucking cool。

 like you probably lose that comparison。😡，However， that's not there all there is to it there is value in getting to know you there is value in your opinions。

 your beliefs， the experiences you have with her teaching or things growing together。

 there is value in all these things and so within a relationship if you have enough time to get her attention in the first place which as a nine out of 10 level guy you definitely should be able to。

In that case， you can build a type of value that nobody else can compete with like Leonardo Caprio can't compete with so am I for example。

 higher value than Leo diCaprio in life no probably not probably not and can I trigger as much attraction as them even with all the years and techniques I know probably not okay but to a girl I'm dating who has a history with me。

 I can be more relevant than a celebrity because I have not only the fact that I'm very high value and in fact I'm like kind of in the right value range for them I'm higher value than them but not so so so so so high value that they think I wouldn't stick around which I actually can help even for ago who's a 10 if the guys like you know a 13。

 you know what I mean but so that's the little thing but also the shared experience。

 the shared shared sort of was gonna to saym shared history that you have and the story that you and she have told each other the narrative that you have created and chosen to believe about the relationship if that's in place and that's。

That can go a really long way also。That's a big part of it。

 You don't have to individually compete with everybody on every level and you don't have to compete with any one guy on and overall because you have different traits than them。

 you have different characteristics， you are a different person and so you bring different things to the table and a girl could be same girl could be completely happy and fulfilled dating a guy who is you successful ambitious businessman and also be completely happy dating a guy who's like a spiritual new age yoga guy who has good social proof and people respond to him will and it has like a cool fun philosophy of life that's very relaxed and fun to be a part of the same girl could date both those guys and be very happy dating both those guys potentially because they're both high value in a different kind of way and you need to choose your way that your high value and then just be very high value in that one unique particular way because you're right if you're playing the general value game or the societally defined value game where I have my rich game there's basically always gonna to be someone out there who has more than you。

But if you pick the playing field， right， you get to choose the rules。

 you get to choose the playing field of value that you are competing on， and because of that。

 you can choose a playing field where you win so it may be that on most playing fields that would typically be chosen Leonard deCaro is going to crush me。

Fair enough， but I can choose a playing field within the interaction that I'm having with a girl where I do beat basically everyone。

 Okay， so a lot has to do with framing， a lot has to do with how you're defining value and also a lot has to do with created value rather than existing value。

 The more history you have with a girl。 the more time you have with a girl。

 there's a unique type of value you can have that someone who has not had that history cannot。

 So that definitely factors in that's definitely very helpful also。All right。

 I I find it harder to establish value not growing up in American culture due to accent。

 cultural iconography， et ceter， how to overcome when these situations come up。

So the funny thing is as I was reading this question。

I was kind of tempted to ask or like I wish I kind of like could see the person asking it so I know what cultural iconography they come from because you know。

 I'm just curious and I I can assume that it's one of a few that I get a lot there are certain cultural icongraphies that ask this question a lot and there are certain ones that don't ask it as much but the funny thing is every single cultural iconography asks it。

Right， I've had。People with like a United Kingdom accent of some kind。

 whether it be British Scottish English， whatever。Ask about this， ask this thing， right and。

They ask you， like， oh， girls can't understand my accents or it's hard for me to communicate them unclear。

 etc。 whereasas there are girls out there that will swoon when hearing that accent。

 there are girls out there that will absolutely love that accent。

 right And I choose that one because it is one of that is is stereotypically attractive。

 And there are other ones that that are， I guess， stereotypically less attractive in American culture。

 It is true right， But the points I'm making is even people with the stereotypically attractive ones。

 They are very quick to make excuses。 They're very quick to blame the the attribute。

 they're very quick to think that that that's the cause of their problems and things like that。

 And usually that is not the case。 usually that's a minor factor in the case。 And in fact。

 usually what an accent does， is it just like。Was it magnifies sort of length for it It magnifies whatever the trait is or traits are that you already have。

 So if you're attractive and have an accent， it makes you attractive and a little bit more exotic and memorable if you're unattractive and have an accent。

 it makes you a little bit more less attractive and more annoying right So your overall how you are coming off is just going to be anything that's unique about you。

 anything that's unusual about you is only just going to magnify whatever those inherent qualities you might have are。

So with that in mind， you know， just take the inherent quality you have to make the best of them and assume the most positive and you can frame things different weights。

 right so。Being having an accent and not being from the place can be okay， I don't fit in。

 I'm not the same。 I'm an outcast， etc， or it can be， I'm cool。

 exotic and worldly and you silly American person who have lived in one state your whole life。

 don't even understand the world。 right， there's a framing whereby being from being foreign is a negative thing。

 And if you choose that framing， if you choose to allow that to be the f in which you present yourself the framing which you believe the fra in which you interact with a girl。

 you're going to be hurting yourself。 It's going to be detrimental to you。

 if you choose a frame where being foreign， being exotic， having come to this country。

 being ambitious being on an upward path upward trajectory。 any of those kind of things。

 if you choose a framing where it's positive， it's gonna be much more positive。 So。

Absolutely you can you know you should be able to get past it now I will say a couple minor things there are again I mentioned there are certain stereotypes that are less or more attractive culturally just because that's how it is in this country and it would be same and it'd be different in other countries by the way I'll give an example interesting example is that I do get a lot of one group that says this kind of thing a lot to me is Indian guys Indian guys will say to me that like because of their culture。

 their accent or whatever they think of themselves as less attractive to women I will tell you here's an interesting thing a lot of a lot of a lot of guys find Russian girls in particular to be like the most desirable girls are really really hot or whatever it turns out in my experience and it been born out and there's some basis for making this assertion that Russian girls really fucking love Indian guys almost like more than other cultures right and so it's funny because I think Russian girls are hot and。

I see some Indian guy and there the girls responding so well and I'm like jealous I'm damn it。

 if only I was Indian and so everything is relative as well so what's more attractive to one particular group or more stereotypically attractive to one particular group might be less attractive to another group and every culture has positive and negative elements of their streotype so what you want to do is play up the positive elements and play down the negative elements of your stereotype whatever it is but I will say one thing and this is speaking directly to foreigners who have a quite thick accent or difficulty communicating if you actually are hard to understand in the country work on your language skills it doesn't mean you can't get girls in the meantime it doesn't mean that you should make that an excuse or whatever。

 but do work on it because speaking more clearly just makes you look more educated it makes you。

It's just another sign of value， it's another sign of competence it makes you clearer to understand so that your message gets across with less kind of static and fluzz around it。

 so improving if you actually are you know not fully understandable with the language that's one thing the second thing that does happen and this doesn't have to with the accent directly but it's a side product of having an accent if you have one is that sometimes it can hurt you in terms of your tonality because certain certain languages use different tonnalities so for example Asian people can come off more softspoken because of their linguistic like habits and so they need to like focus a little bit more on it by Asian I mean I don't know if's a proper word oriental Asian like I mean like China。

 Japan， Korea those Asian countries specifically for example。

 less so actually Vietnam and Philippines and Thailands for this but a little bit as well in terms of this being the case with the language I believe where it's a softer soft。

sounding language and so because of that you speak softer in English and that that can make you seem less assertive so if that is the case if you are from those backgrounds then focus on sounding more assertive the the one for I mentioned Indian guys one thing with Indian guys is that you guys actually generally don't have a problem with being loud which is good but oftentimes the Indian accent can sound a little serious so you have to go out of your way or have to practice being a little more playful sometimes if you have a thick Indian accent so and by that I mean Indian subcontinent not Indian Native American but。

And any case， these these are little factors。 It's not the biggest deal。

 They are it's less of a deal than you think。 I promise whatever your ethnicity is。

 whatever your background is。 I have seen guys who have crushed it。

 Ive taught guys to crush it with those background。 So it is not inherently hindering it。

 And I'm talking even guys that are fresh off the boat， even guys that have thick accents。

 even guys that know are very unindoctrinated to the culture， etc。

 whatever it is and guys who are not stereotypically cool coming in based on the culture。

 now you can do things again， dressing better styling better working on your。

 you know you're convey in other ways， which all do potentially help。 But again。

 these are all things that you can get around。 These are all factors within your control。

 And if you set the frame that you're being the positive traits of your culture are the valuable things in interaction。

 you can set up an interaction where you are uniquely valuable rather than uniquely unvalu。

 So it's all about。It's all about kind of how you're choosing and what what playing field you're choosing to compete on。

All right。U next question with some friends， I am witty with a different set of friends。

 I can't be witty and feel like I'm forcing myself to get good responses how to always be witty。嗯。

Part of this is going to have to do with comfort right if you feel comfortable with friends comfortable enough to joke around。

 take risk， be witty， etc， part of it is also gonna to just have to do with chemistry right I am wittier with certain people than I am with other people due to the nature of conversations they have even with girls。

 there are some girls that are more serious and logical and while I will if I'm flirting with them。

 I will flirt with them I will make sure that there are some manddowoman things。

 I'll make sure that there are some frames being set to my favor and those kind of things。

There's just less banter because the girls don't inherently banter that much。

 that's just not their mode of conveyance。And then there are other girls that absolutely like。

 they just bring the banter out of me because that's their native language。 they tend to do it。

 And so I become very witty， very bantry with them。 And it feeds off it。

 Their bancher feeds off my bancher， my bancher feeds off their bancher and it becomes this cycle。

 So if you are witty around certain groups of friends and not others， It could be a comfort。

 could be an inner gameme thing。 Do I believe I have value in that circumstance。 Do I believe that。

I'm allowed to tease and joke。 Am I allowed to make certain teas and jokes that might be a little offensive or do I do I feel the need to filter myself and censor myself right These are all factors for sure。

 The other factor is the other people right there are people who you are going to have better chemistry with for joking and there are people who you are going to have worse chemistry with for joking that you just are not going to inherently make jokes around or you're not going you know you're not going to see those opportunities because of the nature of the conversation because of the flow of the conversation and that's actually completely fine being witty is helpful sometimes most of the time if you can if you can be it's helpful to at least a little bit be a little clever。

 be a little bit memorable， etc。 but it's not necessary。

 it's one of you know 20 or 30 or 50 or 100 different ways that you could offer value。

So if wittiness is not at a premium in a particular conversation or you find yourself nervous and have a hard time being witty。

You don't necessarily have to lean on that。 There's tons of other ways you can show value and you can show value in a way that is calibrated to that particular conversation。

 So it may be with one girl for me that being witty and having banter is a good way of conveying value and creating a vibe with another girl being a little bit like deep and serious and just interesting having interesting conversation having conversation that make her thing having conversations that challenge her might actually be a very high value because she came from a different background。

 she values different things and she communicates in a different way。

 And this is why it's a good not to just be a one trick pony and game。

 if you only have one method or one line or one thing to do to get attraction。

 you try it And if it doesn't work you're screwed or not screwing in game you're metaphorically screwed instead the physically screwed。

 you're the bad screwed instead of the good screwed so。

But if you have like 10 different ways or 20 different ways all these different things then if one isn't working you can cycle to others and so yes。

 it's good to try and be more witty and up to a point。

 but understand that not every conversation is meant to be witty and that it's not necessarily all you a witty conversation it doesn't completely take too like you can be witty in a vacuum you could do monologue stand up a comedy。

 but it really helps if there's someone to play off the wittier your other person is being。

 the more receptive there're being to wit， etc ce， the easier it's going to be to generate that part of your behavior and that part of your personality so I would definitely let that be part of what's going on there。

Okay。I do I'm gonna to say this way this idea engage you should never qualify herself I apologize for the light in the backgrounds it was basically a choice of like spend a bunch of time setting up the shot to get it perfect or since I was already late just jump on here and do the best I can so I apologize for light I was trying very hard not to be later than I already was for you guys so my bad in terms of that'll try and get that set up and more professional looking but hopefully the quality of the answers is high and that's what who guys are really mostly here for so my apologies there but yeah I do like the question so far by the way guys they've been quite good。

😊，Okay。Next question。This is a similar to the previous one I'm gonna read it off。

 but it's it's a similar thing I'll answer a little newance to it。

 but I've basically answered this question earlier。

 The question is what process should I go through in order to feel like I'm a 1 out of 10 male and feel entitled I currently feel like I'm a five every time I game I feel fake So this is obviously very similar to the guy who said he thinks he's a9 out of 1 and he can't compete with Leo It's just a matter of degree This guy think he's a five out of 10 and feels a little bit fake gaming but。

😊，It is a question of self viewing regardless， it's just matter of degree。

 the first person you know already had a pretty positive view of himself and to a degree was still thinking。

 oh， I'm not a 10， this second person has a much lower view of himself and is thinking of himself as not a 10。

First of all， I want you to understand that like a five。It's pretty bad。All right。

 so it's unlikely you're actually a five。The funny thing is when we people have an inherent tendency to compare themselves to。

High value people。 And they compare themselves to what's what's present。 What's seen。

 So people compare themselves to ads they see on TV， people they see on TV in movies。

 They compare themselves to the popular kids who who seem relevant to them。

 not the unpopular kids who fade into obscurity。 They compare themselves to the the guys that are in this the category they view that they're potentially competing against。

 which again， is already inherently a higher value category than not。

 So there's all these different things that。mYou can。

 can trick yourself into thinking the world's more high value than it is， right？A good kind of。

 I don't know how well this works in the current mode of everybody lockeddown or whatnot。

 but it probably still works a little bit， I might be even work better in this mode in this time to be fair。

 but what I what I used to kind of suggest would be go to Walmart。

 just go to a Walmart and watch the people coming in the door。That's the， like。

That's the cross section of humanity。 That's like the true real cross section of humanity it might be a little skewed down to be fair because like。

 you know， some people don't ever shop there like but very few。

 but most people at some point in their lives at some point need to get just essential items and we'll go to a Walmart type store so those type of places that just almost everybody has to go is。

Is you know is your sample。 But see it's almost hard to pick a place that's not skewed up right So if you pick like an if you walk around an airport and think about like this is the average。

 you're， you're completely wrong Most people don't travel， Most people like cannot afford to travel。

 don't have the time to travel， barely travel in their lives。

 So already if you if you looked around an airport and said， oh， this is the crossse of humanity。

 you're already talking like the top 20% right So you're already skewing way， way， way， way way up。

 And if you're the average of that you're already in like the you know80th， 90th percentile。

So you know' that's an interesting thing to think about like the average person you're competing against is probably like a lot of them are old。

 A lot of them are really fat。 a lot of them are inherently like highly ugly， badly dressed。

 have very little going for them etc etc So calling yourself a five is incredibly negative incredibly negative and if you're trying at all。

 if you're even like if you even have the ambition to be on this call。

 you almost by definition are more than a five okay so I really want to point that out to I want to point out that like it is very。

 very easy to to compare with the wrong people and comparing a way that it is harmful to you and you know as an example girls do this too a lot of girls that are like very attractive。

 think they're ugly because they're comparing themselves to Instagram models and actual models it's just a phenomenon where we compare to what we see compare to what we notice are what's most visible to us So understand that whatever whatever however you view yourself in terms of a one to1 scale of value as a guy。

 you're probably estimating low so understand that。As well and that can help you too。

 but all those same things that I mentioned before about creating a frame that is going to be helpful to you about you know。

 deciding what value platform to play on， et cetera。

 et cetera and those kind of things and conveying your most attractive qualities that all still holds similar to the other question which is really。

 really analogous to this one。Okay，um， next question。

 how to text with the girl after we had a good first date？So here's the issue， the first issue。

 there are many issues with this one is that every single one's going to be different because you will have had well。

 different different interactions with them different dates with them and different follow ups the best way to text with a girl after a first date。

Is to sit back and let her text you first because she's so enrapture that she will the best way to text the G her first date is after you've had sex and she's slept over and then gone home and then she texts you in the morning without you having to text her that's the best way to text the go her first date and if that's the case。

 it's very easy not to mess up and you don't have to do much you don't have to be super flirty or clever or whatever you just have to be a fairly normal human being and not just completely turn you know Dr。

 Jeuckkyline Mr。 Hyde into low value guy but。That's that's the ideal scenario right there's all kinds of other scenarios where you actually do have to text first in which case it's a little harder because you're you know。

 slightly， you're not like chasing necessarily， but you are， you know。

 sending out the first message it's a little bit less optimal right Also this is the the first thing I was gonna mention I kind of got sidetracked but first thing I' to mention is what do you consider to be a good date because what you consider to be a good date I might consider to be an awful date。

And what I consider to be a good date， someone else might I consider to be an awful date for completely different reasons。

Um， so and funny enough， it's possible this is going to sound weird。

 it's possible to have sex with a girl and not have a particularly good date and it's possible to not have sex with the girl and have a particularly good date。

 it's unusual usually having sex is a sign of a good date。Usually but not always。

 not always sometimes youll have sex with the girl and the date itself was fairly superficial。

 there wasn't a lot of connection， there was just like pure like there was attraction and she was there and you had sex and whatever。

 but she just really didn't feel much of a connection and she may have even felt like it was all sex or that was the only thing there and that might make her flickake or she it might be that she doesn't usually have sex with the guys on the first date and having sex with you on the first date even though the thing itself was good afterwards became a bad date for her because you know it was out of her reality and that's gonna to create an obstacle for you in the future even if there are some good qualities to it。

So it's very interesting to define what is a good date and what's not a good date again。

 usually having sex with the girls a good date usually like 95% of the time probably and and things like that。

 but going one step back， making out with the girl and getting hot and heavy is that a good date or a bad date well funny enough if you get very close to sex you get do a lot of making out stuff and then don't have sex that might be the date that you have the hardest time getting a followup from whereas is a date where you just casually conversing and it was positive and pleasant maybe actually easier to follow update and push things forward so it's kind of funny to answer what is a positive date or what is a good date and it really depends on the girl's perception doesn't depend on some checklist of events anything like that so that's the first thing is understand that there are different definitions or different ideas of what a good date is and you' to be having an actual good date not something that you're sort of what's the word that's not capricious but you're sort of arbitrarily defining as a good date there needs to be a criteria and the criteria should come from the girls's experience the girls's experience the girls's feedback。

key indicator of whether you had a good date or not not of certain events that happened or didn't happen。

 although again， certain events are more likely to have led to a good date by farther than others。

So that's the first thing the second thing then is is good texting should relate to that context that this just been created once you've filtered it through whatever whatever's going on in general。

 this is very general like I said， I mentioned all the exceptions。

 all the reasons for exceptions at the start in general texting after a first date should be basically the same as texting before the first date except with a lot more assurance a lot less of needing to prove yourself a lot less of needing to force game or anything like that and a lot more assumption that you like each other and you just just want to hang out again a second time which already should be kind of the frame before the date anyway right so。

Those are kind of the the things that we that you want to be want to be want to be focusing on in general。

 right， but it's it's generally not that different than texting before the first date except that。

You have more leeway， it's a bit easier， you have a few more things you can assume you have a lot more callback humor。

 you have hopefully a lot more buy in in her response they gonna be a lot more positive， et cetera。

 et cetera， but it's really not that different with the one exception I mentioned at the start。

 which is that if possible it a really good date， if she text first that's good but don't take this to extreme levels。

Don't wait days and days to text if she doesn't text first because that's actually going to make her feel weird about it and start backwards rationalizing it wasn't good and things like that and in many cases so if she doesn't text within like you know three quarters of a day or a day or something like that I would definitely text then I don't want to like。

Excuse me， I't want to leave it days and days after the date。

 but if you can leave it half a day and let her text firsts that's not a bad thing in a lot of cases so hopefully that helps answer your question really what I answered is all the exceptions more than the rule。

 but hopefully understanding the exceptions will help you to apply the rule with a little more intelligence。

嗯。哼。All right， so's a really really interesting question and it has some interesting premises to it so the question is how do I eliminate jealousy and he continues when a girlilla hooked up with start seeing other guys。

 I feel that she'll become less invested in me feel like I wasn't high value。😊，Well。

So here's the thing， there's two forms of jealousy。

 there's legitimate jealousy and illegitimate jealousy and。

What you're talking about there may be legitimate jealousy， it may be。

 and jealousy may not be the right thing for it， right word for it， but concern should right。

 So let's say that you are in a， let's say you're in a relationship with a girl。

And she's decides that she's going to go on a date with her ex boyfriendy or go meet up and hang out late at night over drinks with her ex boyfriend。

 should you be concerned？Yeah， you probably should be concerned。 That's fucking weird。

 And that's a situation that can rapidly devolve into all kind of things that would be bad for the relationship。

 And so should you be like super insecure and needy and weird about it， No。

 but should you like address for me like， listen， like this is not。😡。

Not something that I'm in favor of and I don't think I don't think it's a good idea。

 I don't think it's cool， especially if you're in a monogamous relationship。

 if you're in an open relationship， it's a little harder because you don't technically have that leeway。

 but specifically in the case of like an ex- boyfriend who actually she has a deep history with。

 I think you're still in that case well within your rights to say you know this is not what I would you know this is not going to be good for a relationship。

 this is not the type of thing that I think is indicative of building trust and and the best positive interaction between us just it seems like a bad situation to be putting yourself in putting me and putting the whole relationship in etc。

 so if there is a legitimate real cause for concern。

You should express your concern Now you should express it in as much of a high value non-needy matterof factact kind of way and with some understanding。

 even as as opposed to like being super needy and super weird about it。

 But to leave something to leave like a clear and present danger unaddressed is stupid it's just flat。

 stupid。 But that said if every single time you know your girlfriend is ordering with you at a restaurant。

 she smiles at the waiter and the waiter smiles at her or whatever they're just being friendly。

 you get jealous， that's way over the top and you need to like tone that the fuck down and you you have some belief in yourself and understand she's with you for a reason and understand that if something as trivial as that is a threat to your relationship。

 the relationship isn't that good or worth defending anyway。

 So there's certainly a perspective here and the best perspective I can give you towards jealousy。

 jealousy itself like as a feeling。En Vs towards someone else or feeling very negative and stewing is not good。

 but concerns due to factors related to things that are in the realm of jealousy is not necessarily bad that's your sort of spidey sense so your instincts telling you maybe something's wrong and maybe you should address it。

Soum， definitely try and make that distinction and then try and act as rationally as you could one thing you can do because jealousy is very personal。

If you can， and I know this is hard to do。 but one thing you can do is try and step back and ask yourself if I were advising a friend in my situation。

 if if if a friend came to me with the question I'm asking。

 how would I advise him because this is one jealousy in particular is one area we're taking yourself out of your own situation and and taking the emotions out of it and being very rational about it is going to lead to much better outcomes and much better answers So I would really focus on that I would focus on。

Trying to minimize， you know？The emotional component to it and trying to be really rational。

And again， that doesn't mean never expressing concern。

 it doesn't mean just letting a girl do whatever she wants and be with whatever guy and not protecting your investment liberation。

 not protecting what you have， but you know within within reason and in the right way。Alright。嗯。

All right， this is kind of a depressing question， but I'll take it so the question is how to have fun with game when there are no clear signs of improvement and not getting laid either at a beginner level。

First of all， like I'll say two things。1， a lot of people define clear signs of improvement in a very unhealthy way。

 So if improvement means not getting laid or getting late and it's very binary like that or not getting a number or getting a number。

 it may be that the reason you're not getting improvement at a beginner level or quote unquote。

 not getting improvement is that you are getting massive improvement。

 you're just not getting improvement relative to the benchmark that you are measuring against。 So。

 for example， if I was。If I was swimming and I was competing against Michael Phelps and we didn't have necessarily a clock and it seemed that no matter how you know fast I got。

 he still just beat me by like almost a pool length or he just like completely crush me it wasn't even close every single time。

 I might actually be improving but it's gonna be very depressing because the bar I'm up against it just seems so far it have reached that my improvement seems trivial seems minuscu seems like nothing even though I may be improving quite a bit so just be careful of that。

 And it's the same thing game where it like if this is zero and this is like getting laid。

 you may improve from here to here。 and you're still getting zero results and it's very frustrating but you have improved a lot。

 So be careful when you're defining that you're not improving because you may be improving a lot。

 you just might not be improving relative to the benchmark you've set。

 you may need to set different benchmarks and need to measure in different ways So you can actually see the improvement in a relevant way。

 So' that's one thing I'll throw out and that's true for a lot of beginners。 But secondly。

If you actually are using good benchmarks right if you've really thought about it you're using good benchmarks。

 you're using things like am did I progress from a 15 second conversation to 30 second conversation was I super nervous。

 I'm getting a little less nervous， did I you know did I have one line that went well in the conversation and you're starting with really like you know small benchmarks and moving up where you actually clearly can show progress and you are seeing sometimes success and sometimes failure。

If you're still not making improvement as a beginner。

 you're doing something massively wrong and so the question in that case is how do you have fun with game？

Change what you're doing really， really， change what you're doing because if what you're doing is just getting fucking annihilated over and over again。

 that's not fun and it shouldn't be fun。 It's not supposed to be fun to fail。

 It's not supposed to be fun to suck at something right And so if you truly are at a beginner level where you should be making massive progress not making any progress。

 Wow， you need to change something。 you're doing something wrong。

 And once you start doing something right and start seeing some progress。

 it will get a lot more fun because you're right。😡。

It is really hard and really no fun to see no progress。

 So one think about the benchmarks you're measuring against because you probably are showing progress or there probably is a way for you to show progress and to see that trajectory and that'll make it a lot more fun for you。

 but if you're truly not。Change what you're doing。Change what you're doing okay。

 you need to be seeing you need to be seeing progress a beginner if at that level of all levels。

 you're not seeing progress， that's a huge， huge problem。All right， at some point here soon。

 I may actually pause for a second and grab a water just because like my throat is killing me。

 but give me I'll keep going for a little bit longer and than we'll see。But yeah， let's see。Okay。

All right， so I'm gonna ask I'm gonna give these two questions together because they're by the same person and I think they reflect I' I'm gonna kind of answer them indirectly。

 So the two questions are this one。 first question is。

 do students ever get ripped into like telemarketers making cold calls when starting a set worst thing that can happen and how to exit with some dignity left and the second one is I'm 38 I look 25 and I second at guessing girls's age I always worry that she might be too young。

 Any students mistakenly open a minor that could go bad fast actually to be fair I didn't answer I didn't really read the entire question I just read the first part of it I read the first sentence on the second one。

 so they're not actually that related， but I'll answer both of them The second one I thought it just was like I'm 38 like 25 second guessing girls' age I don't offend her I don't want to guess the wrong thing。

 That's what I was assuming it was because I hadn't read the whole thing so I'm going answer as if it was that and the previous one。

And I'm going to say that whoever is asking this question。

 you are way too concerned with the girl's reaction if if those were the two questions。

 way too concerned with the girl's reaction and this， how do I leave with some dignity left？Honestly。

 where does dignity come from， dignity comes from within you？

Dignity comes from how you believe about yourself， Nobody， nobody can take away your dignity nobody。

 All right， you know one of the people who had the most dignity in the entire world and like world history was Gandhi and you know what the British Empire when fighting against him tried everything they possibly could to take away his dignity and you know what he kept it and that's what won for him that's very very short and and and overabbbreviated and oversimplified view of history right there but it is kind of true right dignity doesn't come from anyone else but you how do you maintain your dignity you maintain your dignity by maintaining your dignity because it's your dignity。

 it's not their dignity， it's your dignity， you own it you're in charge of it。

 no one can affect it but you there was a quote I think it was one of the early feminists or whatever I want to say Eleanor Roosevet。

 but I'm not sure but is no one can make you feel inferior without your consent no one can make you feel inferior without。

consent no one can make you feel bad about leaving an interaction unless you consent to feel bad No one can make you feel like you've lost your dignity unless you believe you've lost your dignity So your dignity is yours be proud of yourself judge yourself by your actions do not judge yourself by theim or the reaction of some random person do not allow that to happen So if this is getting to a dignity level you are massively overcon it and yes that will happen yes that will happen even to the best of us and funny enough that will happen sort of as you get better more weirdly enough it will happen less as a beginner kind cute that you're trying as an intermediate that's when that'll actually happen more but youll also start getting results it'll be worth it and then as an advance guy happens but it can still happen every once in a while and it's not the worst thing that happens just like when a telemarketer gets reammed into on a gold card that's not the worst thing that can happen to him because he's used to it he can deal with it he moves on he makes the next call It's not like he to commit suicide because of that call mean is possible but that would be extremely weak of hims the silly that's ridiculous hes his dignity he knows he did the right thing and he moves on to the next call and you should。

Do the same letting anyone other than you affect your dignity is a very。

 very unhealthy place to be coming from。Okay， in terms of the underage girl thing。

 obviously if a girl just looks underage， don't approach her if she looks like if a girl looks 12 stay a fuck away like seriously do not like go anywhere near that if a girl seems like she is。

 you know like there are girls that that are 17 and look 25 it exists in the world and if you know you go do that approach it with you know in good faith thinking the girl is of age and turns out she's not of age or it turns out it's questionable whether she's of age。

 just leave。Right just say oh， you know， it's nice talking。 you have to have to go somewhere。

 but yeah it good talk。 you take care by and just leave not a big deal if you are concerned about the age and you want to find out a good thing to do because it is you shouldn't be hitting on underage girls。

 but it's not illegal to talk to you know it's not illegal to have a conversation with just a person。

 So a good thing to do is just ask early on what they do for a living and you're gonna find out very quickly So if if someone if you say what do you do for a living and you say they say doctor or lawyer something that requires an advanced degree you're you can be pretty confident that they're not under 18 because you it's。

She's just not going to have that job unless she's， you know。Been through school。

 which takes time right So that's that's a pretty good indicator。

 And then and you could you could follow that one up something like that after asking a question like that。

 you can even if you were questioning if like but she still does really look young or whatever。

 first of all， she looks so young that after asking if she's a doctor or lawyer and hearing yes。

 you still think she's young， I shouldn't have approached in the first place。

 But if for some reason you were in that situation， then you could flat out ask the age thing。

 And because it's contextualized by already asking about her job and then you her telling you a job that makes it appear that she is of age now it's not like very weird or creepy to ask the age So you've kind of you know circumvented that anyway。

 if you do ask the age and if you ask the job and they say they're a student then。

Then then you can then you could you know clarify that oh you go to you know UC whatever or university of whatever whatever whatever the local university is and if they say no they're in high school then you'll be oh okay never mind I was gonna you know I was going to ask you a question about nightlife you might be you might be too young you seem like a nice person still but you just yeah。

 this is not gonna be a relevant conversation for you and then if they they might come back and be like no no no I go out I have a fake idea you know I'm 19 and whatever then maybe you're good again but again you can you can。

You can you can suss out this information without overtly hitting on a girl and in fact。

 if you're doing good game， the initial flirting should be relatively subtle to the point that it's not really going to get you in trouble even in these odd cases that that you unfortunately you know the girl looks a lot older that she isn't happens to be young or whatever but yeah if you are in this situation just know get out as as seamlessly and quickly as you can and just make it not a big deal it's not gonna to be a big deal if you don't make it a big deal and if you haven't been really overt and like over the top to begin with right so be smart and then continue being smart is the answer be smart about who you're approaching where you're approaching in the first place and then you know if you get any kind of any kind of alert or warning that it might not be appropriate you know test test and then leave if the test has failed it's pretty simple it's pretty straightforward it can be handled very early in the conversation and again it should be handled before you've done anything that's overtly really really hitting on them or really really overtly sexual or anything like that obviously so。

Again， it should not be a problem if you're being smart。

 it's something that tens can hurt people emotionally way more than it's an actual issue in the real world。

 although again， it is something you want to be smart about and avoid making an issue in the real world。

 so do be smart。Okay。This is I I'll read this， but it's really like it's too long of a question to answer in this format。

 So it says once you've gotten to go back to your place or hers。

 how do you continue the interaction towards sex and eventually part ways in a high value way。I mean。

There's， there's so many， there's there's so many aspects to that。 There's how to。

 to escalate without giving your power away， how to escalate in a gradual way。 There's， you know。

 how to view yourself， how to view the relationship， what frames to hold。

 There's the the parting like。Should you get her a cab or not like different things like that。

 like these are all like a whole bunch of different things and there's not one universal answer to all of them。

 the best answer that I can give you to most of this。

Is that the frame that you've had throughout should be continued through that process。

So the frame of being a high value guy of not being needy but of being carrying and paying attention and wanting the other person to have a good experience should be carried through all of these other different things。

And certainly， the escalation towards sex part should be handled with。

Not nervousness but care right in the sense of you don't want to be overly push you over the escalating because that can lead to bad outcomes quickly so just be you know make sure that there's obviously good amounts of consent on offer right that that is not that is not pushing anyway and try and make it a collaborative experience where ideally she's doing some of the escalating and she's a mutual participant and everything that's going on that's going to help you not only in terms of protecting self from any negative things that could come from from it but also it's going to help you a lot。

In terms of the framing of everything afterwards and making having go want to see you again developing a relationship and all those kind of things so that's that's a very broad strokes kind of answer to it。

 but the question is is fairly broad and I don't know you know what particular areas to go into beyond that unfortunately。

So this is a repeat how to convey yourself as high value on online dating sites。

 why we literally answered that one before， so I'm going to refer back to my previous answer on that one。

m， sameme one， some way， good ways to in high value through text online messaging。

 same kind of thing， okay。All right， so now we're getting to questions that have only been like very mildly voted。

 so it's going to be hard to get through all of them I'm going to go through。

I'm going to draw the line at three out votes for now because if I go to two。

 there's just like a mountain of questions that it would be hours and hours and hours to get through。

Yeah， so we're gonna， we're gonna drop it at three， I think，3，3 out votes for this particular one。

 And then I'm going to try and take maybe a couple of the live ones as a thank you to some of the people that are on here live and and et cetera。

 I'm not sure with the live ones。 It could be a little hard。

Because I'm going to have to scroll through the chat。

 but I'll do the best I can to scroll through and find some find a couple you know good questions from the live chat as well。

 so I have just a couple more from the pre submitted questions here。Let's see。嗯。Sos the question。

 how can you become congruent to high value behaviors if you're not in abundance。

 should I fake it till I make it？嗯。Yes， to an extent you should。

 but you should also be trying to make it。 So the the real answer is that so if you're。

This is a graph that doesn't make sense， but just bear with me。Here's where you want to get to。

 right？One way to get there is from the side of game and that is learning the proper gaming techniques and flirtation and whatnot and that's learning to。

Convey or fake in a way being a high value guy。 And that's one way to get there in terms of the girl's perception of you。

 The other way to get there is being a high value person and then just being yourself right And if you're a lower value person getting sorted towards here is becoming higher value in different ways what you want to do is both right you want to approach the middle from both sides simultaneously。

 you want to approach that ideal middle ground from and middle isn't really the right term。

 it's almost the peak weirdly， it's almost like if it' a mountain actually it's like a mountain and you could climb up one side or climb up the other side and somehow you'd like to split yourself in two and climb up both sides simultaneously weird fucking metaphor but whatever。

So you want to be climbing up the game side and climbing up the high value side and meeting at the top and meeting somewhere in the middle。

 but the higher you get on both sides they're individually going to help。

 the more high value you become as a guy better you're gonna to be better your game gets the better you're going to be so both of them independently if you're an improvement one even without improving at the other。

 it would still help you and actually weirdly enough it would motivate and improvement in the other so if you become more high value it's going to become easier to adopt a lot of the game behaviors because they're based on simulating high value。

If you learn to simulate high value you're gonna to get a lot of feedback that's gonna be good and put yourself in new situations that are going to encourage you to become a high value guys So there's an interactive feedback loop as well。

 but you want to approach it from both sides so should you fake it so you make it yes。

 but also you should work on making it not fake at the same time。

 So if you just work on faking it so you make it you may eventually get there because again that cross-poination kind of thing where when you do create good game you end up being around high value people getting good results from girls and then it kind of forces you into a situation where it's gonna to motivate you to be a high value person and maybe push you in that direction but it's better in the first place just to do it。

 It's better in the first place to be hitting from both sides to be approaching from the game site and from the high value side and that's what you want to do So should you fake it so you make it Yes but you should also work to not be faking it。

Okay。Oh， this is actually a really good question。 How can you use the open structure in online dating。

 open， OPN， open premise evaluate narrative， and then close， But ON structure in online dating。

 for instance， can we text a little bit more than two lines It serves a purpose and the girl is already invested。

 Okay， so this is a really weird question in the sense that。😊。

There's there's two different questions that are not actually related。

 Like the person asking him thinks they're related， but they're not related。

 So how do use the open instruction online dating is one question。 And the second question is。

 can we text a little more than two lines if it serves a purpose and the girlss already invested two separate questions but the one does not have anything to do with the other should you text more than two lines and the openclo model are unrelated I still answer them both individually openclo model in online dating It still exists。

 but it's a little bit different And the reason is this just being on an online dating situation already conveys premise premise is already there because of the nature of the site and so you don't have to do quite as much you need to do more of the building value part and more of the framing the premise part but actually creating premise the very fact that you're both on an online dating site it's already kind of assumed and the fact that you go meet up on a date from online dating it's already assumed what it is So a lot of the premise is already handled for you you have to do less of the premise However。

 what you need to do。More of and this makes sense because if a premise is already established。

 what's the next step， what's the proper way to be communicating is evaluation。

 So there's gonna be more evaluation going on in the early communication and the setup to the date and then on the date itself because dates in general are a lot of evaluation and moving into narrative but mostly evaluation so at least first dates mostly evaluation excuse me So because of the nature of online dating。

 you can skip a lot of the premise you can assume a lot more the premise it doesn't mean not to have any of it because again even if you've established premise you to keep sprinkling it in but it means that you're largely in an evaluation phase a lot earlier than you might think and you're opening already almost from an evaluation phase which is a weird thing so a lot of your online your first message can be a little bit challenging and can be a little bit evaluative in nature or setting a frame that's going lead to evaluation which is very very helpful because again premise is already established so you get to skip ahead a little bit in the process I still do have to open on some sites although some' some of the girls message first so that's nice but。

But in general， that's going to be the difference is that that the premise element is handled a little differently and the premise elements。

 it's going to proceed。It's gonna to proceed ever having met the person so that's kind of a little bit unusual because on the cold approach you've met and then you've established premise or they kind of go concurrently So the thing is you can have this interaction where there is premise with someone and even some comfort built because you've been texting back and forth but you haven't met so it is a little unusual in terms of the dynamic there but the general progression is essentially the same you just like some of the steps are a little bit out of order because of the nature of the artificial means by which you're meeting。

And then okay so the second question， can you text a little more than two lines if it serve as a purpose and the girls's already invested yes。

 but be careful yes you can but it's not something you're gonna to be doing every single time you want to generally keep your texting sparse you want to generally keep your texting you know to the points and generally only one to two ideas in a text message ideally one is good but two at most more than two mess two ideas in the text message is generally a bad idea so yes you can do it you're basically asking can you ever break the rules and my answer would be that rules their guidelines so yes you can break them but be careful because they do exist for a reason so if you start thinking you can just never follow them or not pay any attention to them at all。

You're going be usually not doing as well as you could have right so the rules are not hard and fast by any means you definitely can text more than two lines。

 et cetera， cetera， but you know it's not something you should be doing as a matter of course or without a good reason right you break the rules when there's a reason to but your first instinct or first go to should not be breaking the rule。

All right。All right， let's see。You got some questions？Okay。

All right so these some of these already are repeats of the questions asked already。

 so some of these people asked them online and then are asking them again now so that's fine。

 but I'm obviously skip those because they're bit answered。😊。

I'll this one briefly just because it's an easy one it does come up a lot。

 How do you approach girls who are at work， not your workplace waitresses who are busy specifically shit like that。

 So girls who are working or girls who are a little bit busy specifically waitresses are at interesting case are hired guns in general。

 interesting case。 The thing about this is that you have some advantages and some disadvantages。

 The major disadvantages you have are time They're busy。 You're not gonna have that long with them。

 So you can't build a sum of comfort。 and possibly the judgment of their coworkers。

 So those are the two factors that are against you。

 The factor that's in favor of you is that they oftentimes have to open you。

 So you get to come in at a high value level instead of having to give away some value and opening。

 That's number one。 And number two，In a lot of cases being paid to be social and friendly to you so the immediate reception is gonna to be more positive so you get a better platform to go from but you do have this issue of time and and the perception of their coworker-s and because of the coworker- perception thing there's another thing and also because of their own self-perception to an extent there's another thing which is their frame that the frame that they are working so one of the most important things you can do in many cases is to get past the frame they're working and just indicate that you're treating them as an individual and not as a function right if you can get past that you're in good shape。

Beyond that， normal flirting is good and you need to close quickly before you lose your window and you can even use the window as an asset to a quick close。

 you can mention hey， you know I know at some point you have to run it along and make more money for your boss I get that but you seem kind of cool so you know I don't normally do this but I guess you know since we can't talk and I can't find out。

If you're as cool as I think you are I guess we'll have to know figure that out at a later date。

 what's your number， something like that。 So you can close relatively quickly。

 and there's a reason to close quickly that doesn't seem forced。 So that's kind of nice。

 but just understand that it's gonna to be a quicker set。

 But the nice thing is in particular taking waitresses is one example。

 And this occurs to varying degrees with other ones。

 they're going approach you or open you ifre your waitress at least And so and then they're going come back a couple times So you can be a little more kind of fun aloof dismissive and know that they're gonna come back a second or third time because they have to come take the order deliver the food come and give the check And so you have a few windows and you can be way less needy whereas in a normal cold approach if you don't get enough done on that initial minute or so you're never gonna see them again。

 So that is a huge benefit that you have they're going open you and you are going see them oftentimes multiple times without having to try。

 So that's really， really positive and that can be leveraged in many， really good ways。

 So those are the pros and cons。The main thing is you need to close quickly。

 you need to get them out of that frame that they're working and you're a customer and you need to potentially in some cases close in a way that's not embarrassing in front of their coworkers。

 So it may be a situation where you have them you write down the number on the receipt or as opposed to like doing something verbal or it may be a situation where you have to premise it as you have this mutual interest you'll share some information with them can give me a number I'll shoot that information over to you or whatever and it's more of a friendly thing because their coworkers are there and you don't want it to look sty in front of our coworker So there may be some finessing of the actual close depending on the context as well So that's a kind of brief kind of。

😊，Broad strokes answer to that one。Okay， by the way， hyperspec questions。

 I'm not going to answer in depth， but I'll answer this one briefly is the person basically ask what's a better city for game and he gives some different cities and wants me to pick it the reason I'm not going to answer that is that probably there's1% if not half a percent of the people on this call that are having a wrestling with this question of whether to move to these two cities it's kind of a pain like it's a waste of time for everybody except the person asking it。

 but I will say in terms of when people ask in general what's a better city for game。

The answer almost always is they're both fine。 They're both completely fine。

 It's just gonna be a different style of game。 Big cities are a little bit better for game than small towns just because of an abundance of opportunities and more likely to find the ones who really are looking for。

 But as long as it's a reasonably sized city。 you're fine。

 And both of the cities this persons mention New York or Vegas are both great for game。

 They're both party cities。 It just depends what you're looking for。 I would， I would judge more on。

😊，Do the types of girls you want to meet live in that city then on how easy it is to meet them。

 trust your skills and go where the fish are right so that's that's my advice to you is is don't don't go based on what's easier to game or what's the better environment necessarily go based on where are the girls you want to meet and then go figure it out。

 be a little ambitious。好，没事。Okay， so online dating tips kind of already addressdress that and again I'll redress that and also there's gonna to be some YouTube stuff coming out addressing that so in a follow up to the YouTube stuff if you guys want to ask more specific questions on the next call that we have that might be a good idea as well。

 but I address it briefly and then also there's more a lot more information coming along those lines。

U。All right， so this is basically how to keep a girl from flaking。

 but I'll read it as is says how do you change your strategy when it comes to a girl who seems responsive over text but isn't too keen on meeting up。

 how do you get this girl to meet up with you？There's a lot of different。

 a lot of different things you need to try and ask why like try and put yourself in the girl's shoes and try and like suss out what it is that's holding her back right in some cases。

 it's that she has a boyfriends and she feels weird about it。

 but she is enjoying the interaction and would like to see you。

 but there's a certain threshold where its it feels like cheating to her That's one it might be excuse me。

That she likes you， but feels a little nervous seeing you because you're a stranger in which case you need to build more value and figure that out。

It might be that she likes you a bit， but you're just not a priority or that you are more in the like a friend zone type of thing and so you're not a big enough priority to choose over her existing friends。

 you may need to change the frame slightly of what's going on it may be that's she's too secure and so there's no urgency around seeing you right she knows she can have you and so you're not a huge priority but if you suddenly were a little more scarce or pushed her away a little bit that might get her to come around。

So。You need to go a little deeper and try and ask yourself why try and get to the bottom of why she's flaking and and you can judge this based on her behavior and the nature of the conversation and what types of things she flakes on it and where in the messaging sequence she flakes。

 you can guess all this based on that try and guess the why of the flaking and that's gonna give you a lot more to work with than just oh she seems not keen to meet up a good technique you can do aside from all this though is if she seems nervous a reticent to meet up you can do an intermediate step that's less than a meetup。

 which is a phone call or a faceacetime call or something like that。

 which can be really good because now you have a lot more tools to convey your value a lot more like actual interaction to work with and you're gonna get much more valid feedback So when a girl texts back you have to infer her tone of voice and her facial expression and body language and all that kind of stuff whereas if you're a facetime call with a girl you can tell when she seems nervous when she's happy when she's laughing so you can gauge a lot better what's going on and again get to the idea of what is the major objection what is the thing that's keeping her from flaking and you can。

Also give her a much more positive experience which is gonna motivate and change the underlying dynamic a lot more on a phone call or a Ftime call than you could on text So those are my two pieces of advice one is try and just try and suss out the reason why like what's going on on a deeper level what the many possible reasons for flakking is the reason with this girl if you can get to the bottom of that you're have a much better chance and the second is go for a lesser closed go for a lesser close than the meetup and in fact you can go for a lesser meetup too so if the girl seems not very keen to meet up with you one on one maybe invite her out to a thing with friends and say she could bring her friends too maybe if she's nervous about meeting up with a stranger that might help her meet up and oftentimes she may not bring friends and she may be completely fine coming by herself but the very fact that you didn't like insist that be one on one may make her feel more comfortable even if she ends up meeting with you one on one in the end or if she does come out with friends then you still got your chance you still got another opportunity to convey value and meet her so if you're not getting the ideal scenarios go for the ideal scenarios first but if you're not getting the ideal scenarios you can go for a less ideal one。

That's going to build towards it's okay to work in steps。嗯。

Someone else wins verbalbal Game Academy going to be released I'm trying to time it with when when people are really。

 really leaving the lockdowns and can really game hard again so we'll see we'll see but it's basically。

In terms of the product itself， it's ready to be released。

 but we haven't done any of the videos that would go along with releasing it as of yet so we need to prepare those that might take a little bit and then kind kind of release it but it's an amazing product is's looking really good and I can't wait to do it but I want to give it the reception it deserves and give you the ability those of you who are participating and the ability to get the absolute most out of it so we're holding it till the right time so it can be as good as possible because this is something I put like months and months and months of my life into it and then obviously years and years into developing the skills to teach so it's not something I want to take lightly and just kind like throw out there a haphazard way I want to do it the right way at the right time so that's what we're holding with。

嗯。I'll answer this one because it's important Do you think meetup strategies should change with Covi-19 my answer to that is every single person is different right there are some people that absolutely believe Covid19 is a hoax they don't care they'll meet up no matter what and they are annoyed with anybody who thinks otherwise and whatever and with those people there's no difference in terms of meeting up with them now if you're of a different feeling if you feel that like it's a bigger deal and you worried about your own safety and hygiene those are the people you might want to be you know staying away from a bit arguably but in terms of there are some people that just don't care and the meeting up with them will be as easier or even easier than it would have been without there are other people that will be a little bit harder to meet up with under those circumstances but not impossible okay。

Not impossible， I have various clients I've been working with online and I've had coaches of mine currently working with online who have had situations where。

Girls were really stringent about social distancing and then once the relationship built to a large enough degree via text and phone calls and and you know。

 just you know， faceacetime and that kind of stuff， excuse me。The girls you know。

 flew to a different country to come see them during this situation or a girl was you know maybe on the first couple dates to went on guy she was like very strict about。

 you know we're staying apart and talking from a distance and then like on a later date。

 she just like jumped on and started making out with them and took them home So it's all about priorities right everything in life is a risk and people I think inherently kind of know that And what they want is for the risk to merit the rewards。

 for someone who doesn't think COviIs a risk， you don't have to do much there's not much alteration whatever for someone who thinks COVID is a huge risk then the reward needs to be you know acceptably high and also you can do things to mitigate the risk right so。

If you have been， you know， relatively safe yourself and you convey that to the other person。

 obviously that lowers their level of risk， those kind of things。

 So one of my clients had like antibody test that that， you know said he。

 you know had had had it in the past。 that's that's obviously helpful in terms of that。

 although it's， it's actually interesting to think whether that actually conveys immunity those questions about that now。

 but。But in any case， it definitely put the girl at ease and it certainly was putting him at ease to a greater degree that if you had not had that so。

 but if if you just， you know， you've been safe， you've been quarantined， you're。

 you know asymptomatic and having been around a lot of people and you're meeting up with this girl。

 she should have a lot less concern than if you were you know。

 meeting and shaking hands with 100 people a day and you know， being coughed on right so。

It's just it's one of those things so it's all relative but it's not an absolute deal breaker there are lots of people that are dating successfully during this time and you know it's just a little bit of a modification of the initial initial phase and the initial communication in some cases or in some cases not。

嗯。This one is interesting basically I'm just gonna address that it was asked to say thank you for asking it and say that there's more coming but it basically says love your recent your latest podcast of  building wealth。

 but if you haven't checked it out go check it out guys I think it's quite good and it is part of game not just being attractive but also building a lifestyle so that's why I put it out there's it's a good foundation it's just basically the fundamentals is the basics of building wealth I don't go anything really complex or anything that you need to have a finance degree to execute or anything like that but it's just a good primer but thank you for the compliment appreciate it think guy says you trade options what are your favorite recommendations the biggest influences on building a business wealth and learning investing strategies recommend more of this please。

I do trade options。 That's not where I started。 I started with equities and move to options。

 And I still think in most cases， equities are probably safer than options and the risk to reward on them is better。

 although there are cases where options can be useful because if you're going to trade options。

 you want to have you want to have two so if you're trading equities。

 you want to have an advantage in that like the stock is is good or bad if you're shorting bad if you're investing good。

 So your edge is better， better knowledge of the stock。 But then if you're trading options。

 there's the stock and then there's the range of outcomes， Does that make sense。

 So it's not only if it's going to go in your favor， but it's also what the likely result。

 if it does go in your favor is it the kind of thing that is going to go either up 10% or down 100%。

 and you know，99% is going up 10%， So it's still a good be。 but has high downside in that case。

 maybe you'd want to invest in a way where your。Potentially because because it's such an extreme profile。

 there may be an options way to invest in it rather than an equity way that may be more optimal for that expectation so the stock price reflects the average of all the outcomes but if the outcomes are skewed significantly from it's not really a bell curve。

 there's a different type of curve that options or pricing is based on but if it skews but iss similar to a bell curve if it skews considerably from a normal distribution type of curve then you may have a better expected value trading with options than with stocks but be careful because with options you're paying for there's a lot of things where you can be right but you get the timing wrong and there's a lot more ways to go wrong So yes。

 you can have a bigger advantage in certain circumstances。

 but you need two factors to be the case in my opinion。

 which is one to be betting in the right direction and then two to have the profile that you're looking for actually to be fair with options you don't necessarily need to betting the right direction you can just bet profile you can bet both sides you can bet just a profile bet as well。

Me personally with options I like to have both I like to have both the direction and the profile in my favor。

 but that's just me and again， I guess I missstateated at the start you can do either so but options you're betting on the profile of outcomes whereas with the stock you're betting on the thing itself and so they're two separate bets and they can be used together or they can be used against each other you just need to be you need to know what you're doing and I think it's good to start with with betting directly in things rather than betting on options on things one because of leverage two because of all the different ways you can kind of go wrong with options and the fact that it is a little more sophisticated but if you really know what you're doing theres certainly are options where there are options there are times where options will be more advantageous in certain certain cases for sure。

Okay。Okay。这 do。Okay， these are these are repeats of of。

These are mostly of the repeats of questions I answer， which is good。Okay， so。

I'll answer this one because that's interesting。 This is a text question just as so texting one idea online is more important than adding an openended question Now this is very specific。

 so to make this generally useful， I'm gonna answer a little more broadly。

 but in general you want to avoid asking questions that needed answer in texting and online unless the vibe is already really really good if you can be virtually certain of getting an answer it's fine to ask questions。

 but if there's any uncertainty like it's early in the conversation the girl's been sort of lukewarm the question is kind of hard to answer any of that kind of stuff I would avoid asking it instead what I might do is I might tease around it or challenge around it so that if she doesn't answer you still have the teasing aspect of the message。

 the flirty aspect of the message you still have an existing message without the answer to that question but you can maybe you give her the opportunity to answer the question and elaborate and open up without taking the risk of I asked this question it wasn't answered and now the conversation is flat and dead and now I have to double text into a vacuum。

So if there's a way to motivate the answer without asking the question。

 if there's a way to tease your way to the answer or a way to have an interaction that's fun and flirty that just kind of implies the question or hints at the question。

 that's often going to be a lot better than asking the question itself and open ended question in text。

 the idea of an open ended question is to have someone respond to you a lot to have someone open up。

Do you really expect someone to send a really really long text back to you。

 I mean it'll happen occasionally， but that's asking a lot and that's going to lead to a higher incidence of silence because you' it's asking a lot right texting isn't really the medium for long questions like typing in a long answer so。

😡，For that reason， would the open ended question is a much better strategy in live dating or in like you know。

 phone call or FaceTime or whatever than it is in text。

 it's not really the best thing to be going forward in a text message context。啊。See here。啊。

Someone asked how could we get some more infields of you There's some in winter game。

 there's some in the system。 there's gonna be a bunch in verbal game Academy。

 So those are the best ways， but check out those product programs if you don't have winner game by the way and doesn't have winner game check it out Toddwinga and it's free。

 So if you don't have that you're silly because it's free and it's amazing but the system I highly recommend some people referenced it in some of the questions openclo model and whatnot but go to system by To that's a great place and then verbalga Academy there's one free online there。

 So if you haven't checked it out check out it's very good and then there's a bunch more coming。😊，嗯。

I'm going to answer this question only because。I think it's a silly question。

 but because of the thing that's misstateated in the question I think is a useful thing to bring up for people as it'll probably be and maybe I'll answer like maybe one or two one or two more questions。

 but this question is how much flatline do you think should be in an interaction with a girl 70%？

Flatline and 30% flat line system question mark， I don't know what that's in reference to what be the flat line about with an example。

 Okay， so here's what I want to point out。 Flline is not a part of game。 Flline to me says dead。

 right，ep right， Dead flat line。 No， you don't want that。 Game should never be boring。 Okay。

 you're not trying to have boring elements of game。

 What you're trying to have these normal parts of game。 You're trying to have nongay parts。

But it is a good practice， so the what he's looking for is baseline and plot line。

 not flat line and plot line， but baseline。The idea of baseline is that there's normal conversation。

 but that normal conversation should still be good you should still be talking about things that you want to talk about you should still be talking about things you're passionate about you should still be conveying your value telling stories all these different kind of things it ideally shouldn't be asking a bunch of like annoying questions or obvious boring questions etca so。

The ratio matters， but what matters more is that the baseline itself be good in terms of the ratio and the reason I was going almost skip this。

 there isn't a proper ratio Every girl's ratio is different， Some girls need a more gamey approach。

 some girls need a more comfortbased approach and also a different phases in the interaction Earl on there's gonna be more gameiness。

 more plotline and less baseline later on will be more baseline and less plotline So there isn't a proper ratio it's dependent on a lot of factors but the thing I wanted to point out here is there's no such thing as flatlining game there's no such thing as excuse me。

Dead boring periods baseline is where you're having a normal interaction would be like a normal good interaction with friends or a normal good interaction with someone who isn't necessarily or even a normal interaction with a girl that is girl related i。

e。 you're talking about social proof stories you're talking about your life and presenting it positive way but what you're not doing is actively trying to trigger emotions i。

e push pulls or clear flirty line so it's stuff that doesn't isn't trying to provoke a clear reaction in them and it's not trying to actively set a particular frame about your interaction with her it's more about conveying who you are and telling your story which is still a huge part of game it' a huge part of framing。

 but it's not that like you know me relative to you back and forth。

 truly interactive provocative stuff。But it is definitely not flatline and if if' if your baseline is flatline。

 you're going to a hard timing game because you're to be really boring and you are going to come off actually more gamey because of it。

It more questions I want to learn more about investment strategies also when you into do a program。

 I don't know since I'm getting a lot of questions about it， maybe maybe I'll do something more on。

 I appreciate that。 That's cool I'm glad I'm glad you guys are liking it。

 It's kind of funny it's only actually been on the podcast So the fact that it's already this many questions that's actually really good sign So thank you guys I appreciate that you liking my work there by the way if you guys haven't checked out the podcast dos on all the major podcast it's called the Todd V show so you can go on Apple Spotify Google Stitcher。

 I think you can go on those or you can go to Todd vd co and then just check out the podcast are linked there as blog posts but yeah definitely check out a lot of good content I think and like I said like people are saying there is one post that is about investments and finance rather than just being about'll probably branch out I'll do some other stuff might do some other stuff about like life and learning in sports and maybe I'll do something on fitness even though I'm not a guru fitness or anything like that I do know some things that work for those who who are less apt than me I can certainly。

I certainly do have a lot to potentially share， I'll do some other topics potentially but。But。

 you know， I'm gonna keep it mainly game because I know my audience is mainly game。

 So I would say like it's still gonna to be， you know， far more game than anything else on there。

 but it is the Tod V show， not the Tod V dating show for a reason。嗯。This is a。

This is a weird question， I'm going to answer it just because it's weird and interesting。

 it says how do you deal with two different girls with two different blueprints？I mean。

 unless you're trying to have a threesome， that isn't really the factor that really isn't the factor involved。

 we're trying to have a threesome with two girls with these do from blueprints。

That can be a little bit tough， but I'm going to assume that's not the case。

Usually how this will come up and this is actually a relevant question is that there' will be a girl and her friend and they have different views of the world or different views of the interaction。

 and generally what you need to do is cater to the friend enough to have permission to talk to the girl but then with the girl whenever you're one on one or whatever there's intimacy be catering to her frame and you can even tell the girl and this is a really good shortcut。

 really good hack is tell the girl you're into that you are gonna you're saying this thing for a friend or whatever be like know I don't like for example。

 if you want to be you'd like the friend to believe that you're safe and platonic。

 you want the girl to believe you're dangerous。 you could like whisper in the girl's ear。

 you could be like I still want to like bite your neck right now。

 but I don't want to do that in front of your friend something like that right so。

You're clearly showing that you are willing and dangerous and you're creating sexual attention。

 but the friend doesn't really know about it and thinks it's safe and whatnot。

 So that's one good example of you're conveying one thing or another Another is where you're sort of teasing the girl in the negative and so to the friend it doesn't at least over she may kind of suss what's up but he doesn't like full on seem like hitting on her friend So she's more likely to tolerate it than if you were doing a game styleyle where you're coming on actively to the friend where the other girl in the set。

 the other girl that's not're intended your intended romantic interest where she's gonna be have more objection。

U。Now this is another verbal game related question。

 but I'll answer because it is interesting and I can give a quick answer。

 So how will verbal game corelate to the S will it be an open close format。

 It's gonna be a slightly different format， but it will rely on the same under underlying model because that is a model that I use in game overall the idea is that the system was designed to be the framework it was designed to be the absolute bare essentials that have to be present in interaction It wasn't going into a ton of like extraneous depth on every little thing because you can't do that it'd be a cucmbersome of a product it was get aside the basic idea of what are the stages you need to have in interaction and then at any point where are you and what do you need to do next that's basically what the system is so it's the skeleton of game in a way What verbal game is it's how to actually execute on that So I look at that as like the tendons and muscles that bring the skeleton to life without the skeleton。

 the muscles and tendons don't really make much sense but without the muscles and tendons。

 the skeleton is kind of like pointless also and so it is the。😊。

The verbal game is the implementation of the system。

 It's how to take the system to a deeper level and how to actually execute each of those stages in a very。

Specific particular exact kind of a way focused through verbal game。

 which is you know a huge part of my game， but it also deals with with nonverbals and other form。

 anything that is a direct communication of idea。But how to how to implement the system how to I mean now you know what the stages are you know what you're trying to achieve verbal game is how to actually achieve it point by point piece by piece as you go so it's a much more in-epth look at those at those stages than the system would be if that makes sense and is it great to have the system as a foundation for verbal game I do do a little bit of a primer like a little review of the system within verbal games that you know where you're coming from but if you've watched the system and full and familiar there with it it's obviously going to help where we go even deeper on it。

嗯。Okay， I'll answer basically two more questions these will be the。

These are be the last two questions of answer。 The first one is if you me to grow online in a different state。

 you can't meet up just yet。 How do you keep the positive vibe going until you meet up at the conversation slowly fizzling out Facetime Facetime or phone calls or something like that。

 keep your conversation going exclusively in text is really， really hard if if not that。

 then at least share social media and have them watching your stuff and getting a view and a vibe of who you are and things like that。

 But really you want to have that more intimate conversation。

 So if you're at a stage with someone that you would go on a date。

 but there's a logistical reason you can， whether it be lockeddown or different state or traveling or whatever。

😊，Then use the next best thing。 So you want to use the best level of communication available to you at all times。

 the best level of communication is a phone call or a FaceTime， use that instead of text。

 So if the girl's down enough to go on a date with you。

 but you can't logistically do a Facetime or a call rather than texting it's massively。

 massively better。 It's gonna to put you in a much better place and it's also going to motivate to where a girl might even come Interstate to meet you or who knows。

 But yeah， that's the thing is take the best communication strategy you can instead of settling for the worst one and trying to like figure a solution with with poor tools。

U。All right， so someone is a follow up it will escalation touches keynote that can stuff be added verbal again it will be discussed it will be discussed for sure's I'm focusing more on the verbal than on the physical but the physical is a form of communication as well and it definitely interacts with the verbal so it will be addressed although it won't be the primary focus Okay question final question for today can you expand a proper delivery of push pulls and the game format。

 how do you become subtle with your lines。😊，嗯。So the first thing is to understand that none of your negative spikes should be insults and none of your compliments should be so much that they give your power away completely So you want to keep both sides within within a range not within a range of how extreme they are or how objectionable they are anything like that necessarily but in a range of how much emotionally you're committing one way or the other okay Are you committing to I just like you have no chance with me。

 I hate you， that's a huge commitment in terms of your opinion。

 are you committing to you have me no matter what you can't lose me。

 that's a huge thing you don't want to go so far as to go to either one of those at any point。

In the pushbu， you want to keep that tension the push pulls in general should be delivered a little bit playfully In general。

 That's not always the case。 there are some times when you actually want to be quite harsh for a specific reason。

 but probably 80% of your pushbu should be playful flirty joking around lighthearted etc and the other thing is that less is definitely more when it comes to to delivery subtlety is absolutely at a premium if it ever comes off that you are trying to get a reaction。

 you're not going to get that reaction So if your delivery is like you and I would not get along it's very clear you're trying for a reaction I don't if we're going to get along but it doesn't even matter's talk about this other thing that's actually much better because it makes it seem like you care less about it。

 you're still getting that message across but it' the alooffinness is going make it way less risky and way less it's gonna to land a lot softer but also the aloofness is gonna make it more powerful because it appears that you're not trying for a reaction so it appears that any reaction you get is them coming to that reaction themselves。

People。If if people come to a conclusion themselves。

 they believe a lot more strongly than it forced upon them and so you want to have that inception element。

 that idea that they they don't even know that you insulted them or that you are trying to do a push away or something like that they kind of feel like they inferred it somehow and they're wondering if maybe they're being insecure if it's really there but they believe it because it came from them that's your ideal。

 So you want to be a little bit subtle so playful and subtle for the most part is the right delivery a really good thing for delivery in general for punchiness and impactfulness watch some standup comedy if you haven't watched and study standup comedy go watch it It's really really good for delivery for delivery of a push pull In fact。

 one comedic joke is called setup and punch， which is literally a push pull set up and punch means you get the audience expecting one thing and then you switch it on them and you go the other way with it so yeah so。

That setup and punch format is the same as a push pull format and the way that comedians pause the way they use their facial expressions。

 the way they build tension before the switch， those are all things you can learn to make your push pulls better So I would really recommend for delivery of flirtation and delivery of joketelling delivery of teases push pulls that kind of stuff watch standup comedians they are so good at it and you could even I wouldn't say making the majority of it but if you're gonna to watch standup comedians maybe watch like one in 10 of the things you watch watch like a roast or something like that where people are actively teasing or making fun of people that's actually really useful in game you don't want todo you dont want to be that guy that's just roasting all the time that's the only kind of joke you know but looking at that a little bit is good and then for shit if you want maybe one in five or one in 10 or whatever do a search for like comedians dealing with heckles that'll teach you a lot in game too so comedians in general for delivery roasts are good for a particular type of delivery and heckles are good for shit tests but definitely standup comedians are absolutely like brilliant in terms of their social communication their storytelling。

control et cetera so and then their humor obviously so definitely I would say check those out as a final touch Okay guys sorry we start a little late my apologies like I said we'll probably do like maybe an extra session or some kind of extra bonus for you guys i'm sorry for anybody who showed up and then wasn't able to make it again we'll give you that that bonus to hopefully make it out to you guys again。

it is my fault as the owner of the company and whatnot。

 but it wasn't on my schedule I didn't know what's happening today as soon as I got the notification I hopped on here so my battle of this organization。

 but it's not that I don't care， it's not that I chose to be later or neglect you guys I just fully didn't know so I'll try and do better about that in the next time and hopefully this has been useful and good and then we'll be giving you maybe something extra as well with it take care good talking to you guys again and keep in touch。

