# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：02.进化和繁殖：4炫耀_3 The Winner Effect【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Next animal what we're looking at here。 This is a fish。 I believe it's a fighting fish。

 which actually is。Sort of irrelevant， but sort of relevant。 In any case。

 what I'm going to talk about right now is a phenomenon that's known as the winter effect and the winter effect is a phenomenon that's seen throughout the entire animal kingdom。

 but it's very strongly seen in certain fish and certain reptiles in particular。

 but it is seen in animals in general， and it is seen in human beings。Basically。

 what the winter effect does is whenever an animal wins， specifically for fish wins in a fight。

mThey will get a boost of， I believe it's still adrenaline fish that that makes them more alpha seeming and makes them more aggressive and makes them more confident in the next fight。

And it will actually help them to win in the next fight and so what you'll see is if you have a fish that have won or lost in a fight。

 you have A beats B B beat C， C beats D and DBt E， youll also have A BE and ABD because these testosterone bumps will have fundamentally made the fish more confident better fighters so there's a sort of a transitive effect。

😡，It's kind of funny enough if you look at fish that haven't fought or haven't participated。

 they won't have that clear delineation because there is nothing to compare against。

 but you will still see effects that fish with more overall testosterone will be more quote unquote alpha than fish with lower testosterone and each time a fish loses in a fight。

 it actually gets I believe it's still cortisol for fish。

 but it gets the chemical that makes it more beta that makes it more afraid to fight more selective of its chances。

 etc， etc ceter。And this fighting also does affect attractiveness for the female as well。

So this very same phenomenon is seen in us as human beings。 the more often we win at life。

 the more we get testosterone right the more we get that confidence。

 the more we believe we can win and it actually will help us to win。

 especially in direct physical confrontation， but even in other things that are not a physical sorry that are not a physical confrontation we will actually get more of this from having victories。

 And so this is important in structuring your life。

 especially when you're pursuing goals so that you'll have victories。

 especially in game structuring you going out， structuring the process in such a way that you are winning and you are feeling good and you are are building your quote unquote Alphaist as opposed to distracting from it。

 that's gonna to be very， very important in terms of。

How much you can stick with something and how well you can execute on any particular thing。

