# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：06.你的价值来自哪里：4高价值男人的心态_4 The Mentality of High-Value Men【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Let's talk about the mentality of a high value man。

 How do high value men think differently than low value men。

 This idea of self reliance really like struck me and stood out as as one of the foundational keys to being a high value guy being self reliance。

So there's different types of guys in the world， there's the guy who constantly is asking other people for help。

 the guy who's constantly like seems unsure of himself。

 the guy who constantly is checking other people's opinions， that kind of stuff。

 and then there's the guy who is his own he's selfs， self- reliant in and of himself。

And I think of this kind of like economies right so the idea is you have all these different people in an economy producing like what they have to live on and but then as soon as someone produces a surplus as soon as like the farmer produces more grain than he needs and the butcher or the rancher produces more meat than he needs now now you can trade and now you have an economy now you have like sharing now you have resource pooling and all these things that make everybody's life better but it's important the first step in being rich in this case because you're talking economics is building a personal surplus so you have something to share if you're so busy just trying to like ask and beg and plead from everybody else and scunge up enough for yourself you're not gonna have a lot of value to share not a lot of resources to offer but once your're self-reliant you have a platform from which to offer so that I think is hopefully you can I mean nobody's really self-reliance in this world today。

Like do you take something as simple as like a pencil you could not make your own pencil like it would be you got like farming the graphite and cutting down the wood。

 putting the then getting the rubber for an eraser。

 you could not make your own pencil so you're not actually a self-reliant in this world today but the more that you can be as internally reliant as possible and the more you can be as capable and competent in the world and the more that you can put forward at least that image that you are a self-reliant and you've got it handled and that you aren't constantly needing from other people to to someone else that you're dealing with the better off you are going to be okay。

So the first thing is be selfreliant rather than dependent。

 If you are someone who is dependent then you are going to have your problems。

 And when we talk about winning， most important thing is to decide to win right。

 people who have made the decision to win at something or the decision to achieve something。

 we'll do it much more frequently than those who haven't。 Now， that sounds really obvious。

 almost like so obvious that it's like da Tod， why did you tell me that。

 But what I mean by that is you have to decide to win。Even if it means sacrificing and two。

 you have to decide to win， even if it's not necessarily popular in the moment。

 or even if it means like winning ugly or coming up with an alternate solution to win or something like that but winning deciding to win even if you're winning ugly is very very。

 very important and I'll give you an example from the game of pool or pocket billiards specifically eight ball。

 which is， by the way， a game that every beginner plays when they learn to play pool and it's not a game designed for beginners because it's very counterintuitive and almost bad for you as a beginner if you're learning to play pool but anyway。

 eight ball， interesting， ironic thing about the game of eight ball。

 if you watch two people play almost anywhere in the world。

 most of them who are bad at pool what they do is they step up to the table and they start shooting in the easiest balls。

 they start shooting in the balls that are sitting to the pockets the balls that are you know that are most available to them etc the actual strategy to win is the opposite good eight ball player typically doesn't start knocking balls in the pockets until he can knock all of them in the pockets so he doesn't start running until they can run out。

What you should be doing is playing strategically clearing up any problems you have getting your balls near the pocket。

 blocking your opponent's balls if you're not a very good player that can't run out in that in that first round and so most people will never do that though most people will never do that because it's embarrassing and it's like embarrassing to play defensive pool or's like it doesn't look as cool as to step up to the table and make that first impression of like making a bunch of balls and this is why actually historically I'm a decent pool player like a pretty decent one but not amazing but I've consistently won almost everywhere I've played except against really really good pool players and the reason is that I'm willing to play ugly I'm willing to play strategically as opposed to just stepping up and doing what is like the acceptable first thing so that's an example of being willing to understand the game and do what is necessary for the game as opposed to what looks good or what gets you that initial impression example might be like going to the gym if you're going to the gym to really like have games or you' going to the gym to like look good for the。

Other gymgoers are you doing the machines that make you like you know look good and like you pose in your nice gym clothes or are you doing the machines that are gonna get you or the machines are even the freeways usually that are going get you the most success so really focus on the long term and what you're actually trying to accomplish as opposed to you know looking good in the moment or like having this like little personal narrative about how you're doing it Part of deciding to win is saying I want to win even if it's hard I want to win even if it is ugly grow up okay now I say this for a couple reasons one for anybody under the age of probably 25 to a certain extent you probably still think of yourself as a kid and even I know a lot of guys in their 30s and 40s who still fundamentally kind of think of themselves as kids。

Right so we grow up with this idea well this grow up2 we as we as we age through our youth we have this idea that there's these people called grown-ups out there that know more than us and that are going to help us and that that that will solve our problems if if we kind of run into an issue or whatever and then at a certain point。

 you're going to become a grown up and you're going to realize。

The people you thought of as grown-ups are just as dumb as you if not dumber and they don't know any more than you do and you have to again take on that idea of being self-reliant。

 you have to take on that idea of looking up for yourself and this is true even to levels of like we think the government will take care of us or we think like the police will take care of us or that kind of stuff and to an extent they will in a way。

 as in they'll they'll deter people or they'll punish people afterwards or things like that。

 but in the moment in life， you need to take care of yourself。

 you need to act as though you are the grownup in the situation。

 you are the one in charge in the situation。Because if you're not。

 you're going to be at effect rather than a cause and also when you are the one in charge of the situation when you are the one taking taking charge。

 people are going to gravitate towards you because fundamentally a lot of people don't want to grow up growing up is harder so a lot of people would rather be the kid in the situation and in particular a lot of girls would rather be the child in the situation and have a mentor have guidance have that sort of thing it's not an accident that a lot of women tend to gravit gravitate emotionally towards people that have similar qualities to what their father had because that is their paradigm for what a grownup is so take it upon yourself that you are a grownup and not only are you are grown up as like in the legal sense。

 but in the situations you are the grownup in the situation。

 get disabuse yourself with the idea of relying on other people for things disabuse yourself on of the idea that someone else is going to take care of yours in charge fundamentally instead of yourself get rid of your excuses。

嗯。Yeah， this one， I don't want to talk about too much because we talked about this already yesterday。

 the whole inner loser exercise was actually designed around this， but get rid of your excuses。

 don't give yourself your excuses。 The one thing I will say here is that excuses feel really good having excuses feels really good and oftentimes instead of winning we choose what feels good I'd like you to do mentally is it gets to the point that like when you make an excuse it feels bad it feels weak or it feels lame to actually make an excuse and still feeling good to make an excuse and don't think about like a lot of people like go through life trying to like think about instead how do I win or how do I succeed。

 how will I cover my ass if I fail， what are my excuses that kind of stuff get rid of those mentalities those mentalities are the things that don't hold you back the mentalities they're gonna keep you from succeeding overall beyond that I'm not gonna go too much more in depth because it was already the subject of something we did yesterday。

