# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：04.如何传达高价值：4.领导一个框架_4 Leading a Frame【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I mentioned pre fming and reframing。 This is a similar idea。

 but I mentioned that if you bring up the frame first， you're in a much better situation。

So if you are the one deciding what is of value in an interaction。

 you're gonna be much better off than if you're the one having it decided for you。

 So let's say that it's you as a man， hopefully you're like you know if if you're typical to my audience。

 you're a pretty smart guy， you're fairly ambitious， you're working on yourself。

 you have some decent things going for you， you're still working on yourself。

 you're work in progress， but you have you know some character to you some depth to you。

 definitely intelligence， definitely some drive， some interesting stories， etc。

Compare yourself to a hot girl at a nightclub。Now， on average。

 I would say you're probably smarter than her just because I have a relatively intelligent audience and maybe the girls in nightclubs are a little bit less intelligent slightly than the average person。

 like not hugely swed， there are plenty of smart girls that go to the clubs but still。

 I would say on average， you're probably smarter on average。

 you're probably more financially together or at least if you're young on the path towards being there than the average club girl etc。

 but in the atmosphere or the environment of the nightclub who has more social value you or the hot girl。

Typically the hot girl， and the reason is because the club is a certain standard of value。

 a certain standard of what is being considered a high value narrative。

 what is being considered the optimal or what you should aspire to it' derived on physical beauty。

 it's very derived on who has the best table， It's very derived on who's the best addressed。

 it's very superficial and appearance based and in that category you're not going to compete with the hot girl。

But。If， for example， that hot girl came to for an internship and was applying for a job。

 you'd be the one that has the value in that context or if you were at maybe some kind of like nonclub event that's like maybe a charity event or just another social event where you are an organizer or you're knowledgeable and you're speaking at the event or something like that you'd be the one that would have clear value relative to the grow and specifically you have certain values you've lived by。

 you have certain like we talked about the morality question came up。

 what do you consider moral and I said you have to determine for yourself， what do you value。

 what do you believe in， what principles do you want to live by。

In a world where what's important are the principles you've decided to live by。

 you're almost always going to be higher value than the girl in an environment where the girl is deciding what principles to live by。

 she's almost always going to be higher value than you， so。

Increasing your general value is very important， but as important， if not more important， sometimes。

 is dictating the playing field， dictating what playing field you're on and who has value on that playing field in order to make this example。

 we're going to play another game。Which is this。 We're going to play a game called Lebron James or Michael Phelps。

 So we have these two athletes。 If you're from Europe and you don't know who these people are。

 Lebron James， arguably the best basketball player at the moment。

 Some people would even say the best of all time， but very， very talented。

 very good basketball player。 And they have Michael Phelps。

 who I believe has maybe one more Olympic gold medals than anybody。

 Certainly the most decorated swimmer of all time， etc cetera。 Okay。😊，So have Lebron。

 James and Michael Phelps。 And the question is this， they're going to have a competition。

 Who do you think is going to win。Ass a question， Lebron James and Michael Phelps。

 two amazing athletes， they're going to have a competition， who do you think is going to win？

And it's kind of hard to say， right， it's hard to say。

What if what if I say that one of them can train extra hard for the next three months and the other one's going to go easy？

Well， now would you be able to say， who's going to win？No， you still can't。 All right。

 What if I say that one of them I'll pick one of them。

 but what if I say that one of them gets to pick what event they're competing at。Now。

 can you say who's going to win， I bet you can。 If it's an event in a swimming pool。

 I bet you're going with Michael Phelps。 It's an event that involves like running and jumping or being big。

 I'm guessing Lebron James is going to win。 right。 So the point is。

Either of these guys could make marginal differences to their value。

 Either of these guys could become slightly better athletes。

 Either of these guys could try and train in the other sport。

 but neither one of them is going to be anywhere near being on a competitive or level playing field。

 If they have to play the other person's game。 But if to play their own game。

 they're going to be the dominant force。 That's the idea。 right， That's。

 that's what you want to do with the girl。 So you can do all these things to up your value and you should do all these things to be better looking and you should get your style better and you should get your game better and you should。

 But probably the most important thing you can do on a lot of levels is play on your terms。

 You want to be setting the frame。 You want to be setting up in the world。What is a value。

 What is the standard for value that will dictate this interaction。

 And if you're able to dictate that standard properly， you're going to do very， very well。

 If you're having that standard dictated to you， You're typically not going to do anywhere near as well。

 right， So playing on your own terms is absolutely absolutely critical to game？

 So how do you pre frame and lead， how do you go about doing it？ Well。

 there's a couple of things that you can do。First thing you can do。Is know your values， right？

 know what it is you believe in。 know who you are， right， And so actually， some exercises。

 I'm going to go， I'm to go forward to the exercises then back again。

Exercises for this are number one， what do you believe is important in life Actually。

 this would be a good time to like stop think， write down some things， etc ceter。

 So what do you believe is important in life， What do you believe our goals worth pursuing What do you personally value What do you proud of about yourself。

 Good question is what would you absolutely not change about yourself for anyone or any girl What do you love about yourself to the point that like even if it got you laid with a supermodel you wouldn't change it。

 What do you truly believe in who do you see yourself as on a deep identity level that is that is a good exercise。

Next exercise along these these lines is what non physical characteristics or traits would you want in a girl what would a girl need to do to impress you and live up to your standards and stand out for you。

What would that be if you know in advance， you can plan around it So if you know what you believe is important in life。

 you can start making that important in the conversation。

 If you know the thing you wouldn't change about yourself。

 you can start putting that on display if you know what non physicalsical characteristics you're looking for in a girl。

 you can start challenging a girl on those things and this is all gonna to be congruent to you congruent to your values and this is all going to contribute to her playing on your playing field rather than you playing on her playing field。

 you want to make the conversation about these things So what can you do going back one slide。

 basically you can state your values right。You can state your values and let her know what they are。

So say I believe this or it's， you know， I've always found this， right。

 make assertions instead of asking questions and asking permission and those kind of things。

Make assertions， make assumptions。You know， take risks， put it out there， etc cetera。

So that's one state your values， say it， tell stories that demonstrate your values。

Here's examples that demonstrate your values when when she does something is not alignment with your value。

 give her shit about it。Right， so all of those things state your values and then demonstrate your values throughout the conversation。

 live those things， live with integrity， Live your beliefs， Live those things。

 make her come to your playing field， have a thick frame about it。 have。

 have this idea of these are the things you believe they're not budging。

 you're gonna get her playing in your field because once you do， this sky is a limit until you do。

 you're almost always going to be chasing。 All right， so this idea of。

Pre famming and leading in an intelligent way of。You know， demonstrating value in the right way。

 this is all going to be absolutely critical， absolutely important to your success in the game。

