# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：07.成为高价值男性：8内在价值与社会价值_8 Intrinsic Value Vs. Social Value【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

We talked a little bit about this， the idea of intrinsic value versus social value how they are different things。

 but I just want to make this metaphor， which is there's the idea of being good at an interview versus being good at actually performing the job And ideally you want to be both ideally want to be the person who offers value and actually can convey it。

 and I've been both at various times in my life when I was young。

 I was the guy who had intrinsic value。 I was smart。

 got good grades earmarked to go to a good school did all the things that your resume should have as a kid And I thought having that intrinsic value would get me girls。

 never mind that I never spoke to any girls， I don't know how they were supposed to find out I had that intrinsic value。

Then I went to college and I learned game and I basically quit being all those things that I was that gave me intrinsic value because I just spent all my time gaming right so I basically didn't really drop out of school or fail out of school totally because I just got was just a really。

 really bad GPA and stopped really learning academic things and just got really good at game and then I became like a game coach and game became my life and I realized that outside of specifically game in what game could get me。

 I had very， very little and so I had become really high on social value and I had gone from someone who was pure intrinsic value to someone who actually probably had less intrinsic value in some ways than I had had before I started getting girls。

And then I found a balance。 And I had to learn to have both。

 And then what happened was in building that intrinsic value。 my relationships got better。

 The quality of girls， I got better。 I thought better of myself。 My financial situation got better。

 and I still kept that social value。 So these are two separate and distinct things right's James said on the call you said having value and conveying value。

 same kind of thing。 and it's possible to have one without the other in both directions。

 It's possible to have intrinsic value and not be able to convey it。 It's possible to convey value。

 you fundamentally don't have， but either one is going to have a flaws。

 you want to really make sure that you are focusing on both what you really want to do in terms of having intrinsic value is to be congruent to a higher value identity right。

So there's kind of a subset of attributes that are attractive attributes。

 And we talked about that day one。's that's Venn diagram circle number one。

 Then there's a subset of attributes that are the attributes you have right and that's Venn diagram number two and you want to work at the crossroads of those two。

 You don't want to be conveying high value behaviors you're not like for example。

 I am not like a dareevil risk take dareevil risk taker type guy。

 I'm just not I'll dive off a high dive I maybe try a back fliplip， something like that。

 but like that's about it。 I'm not gonna be riding a motorcycle without a helmet。

 I will I will bungee jump a parachute， but only when I've made absolutely sure it's extremely safe like I'm not。

 I'm not a crazy guy。 That's not one of my things。 I could be。 I could try it。

 but it's not something I resonate with。 I am very smart。 I'm a good teacher。

 I'm a good leader different things like that So what do I do。

 I focus on the circle that I have a circle of attractive qualities and I try and focus at the crossroads。

There's what you're good at， there's the attractive archetypes。

 and then you can almost look at this as coming out in 3D。 there's her blueprint。

 the things that she values。 And then when you're talking to any one particular girl。

 you're gonna to be conveying this little blue area here。

 This is the you that you're conveying to her。 It's true to you It's true to attractive archetypes and is's true to her blueprint。

 If you can do that That's when you're gonna be the absolute most attractive possible in order to do this。

 you need an honest and good assessment of you what are you you need an honest and good assessment of what are the archetypes。

 which we've talked about a lot here， and then you need to be paying attention to her blueprint。

 but that is the goal in game and the goal of being value to her。

It's also the goal in business right there you have the things your business can do。

 you have the things that our general value offers。

 and then you have what a particular customer or business is looking for。Right。

 so understanding this and going through the the exercise of what is your unique value proposition。

 how do you。Ven diagram with the archetypes， essentially how do you find that crossroads and that's really what you're trying to aspire to do in game。

