# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：05.价值的内在博弈：3反馈回路伪造与被伪造_3 Feedback Loop Faking vs Being【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

There's this idea of inner game versus outer game， right。

 should you learn techniques or should you learn internal philosophy and inner game？

And I'm going to talk a lot about Inga tomorrow， I'm talking a little bit about Inga now。

 but I've always been a primarily outer game guy and the reason for it is this feedback loop and you can look at innerga as innerga。

 obviously on this， you can look at outer game as behavior what you're putting out in the real world and so what you're putting out in the real world will be what will most directly determine your result right。

This will be determine your result， your behavior， whatever your behavior is will lead to result。

 Now， the funny thing， though， is your result is going to change your internal inner game。

 So if you get a good result， that's going to boost your inner game And by boosting your inner game。

 it's going to make good behavior a little easier next time。

 or it's going to make your already good behavior a little bit better next time。

back loop of getting better and better and better。 And this is why I suggest things like what I call fake it till you make it。

 Go out there， do practice， get results and then attribute things the right way。

 Get the right attribution where。You're taking your successes in the right way。

 you're taking your failures in the right way and。Because of that you're going to get this this constant positive feedback loop and because it it's self it's self feeding。

 it doesn't matter where you start， you can start at a very low behavior level and a low low inner game level if you get this feedback loop working in your favor。

 you're going to get good very predictably and relatively fast。

