# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：06.你的价值来自哪里：6内部归因与外部归因_6 Internal Vs. External Attribution【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So this is high value。Low value。😔，Good thing。Bad thing and how they're attributing it to themselves right so the high value person will attribute the positive to themselves。

 the low value person attributes the negative to themselves and vice versa so we talked about this yesterday。

 but again a quick reminder of that idea right that you want to attribute your successes to your own work。

 attribute your failures to random chance， it's to be better for your state it's gonna be better for winter effect and all those different things after you have something you want to attribute it that way right you want to attribute positive or negative but during the event。

You should have it in your mind that you are absolutely inroll of it So when for example。

 when playing a sport， you don't want to be focused on the referees decisions and are you being treated fairly or this or that or the other are treated or focus on the audience。

 the crowd or whatever you want to be you want to have the mentality that if you play your game you can win period That's it So you have an internal locus of control when you're looking at your career and your business and that kind of stuff。

 you don't want to focus on is the economy good or is my boss being nice to me or this or that you want to focus on what can I specifically do because the only person that you can control is you。

Is there no sound？Hang on。And the chat just to see if everybody can hear。

 a couple people said no sound， let me see if that's actually an issue。U。All right。

 well hopefully I've only heard no sound from two people so hopefully everybody else can hear me if not。

 I guess well recap and see。 but yeah， you want to be taking the position that you're in charge because anything else is pointless it's is that nihilistic approach that sorry that you have no control over things。

 even if it were true it would be useless to you and information is only useful if it can be applied。

