# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：11.问答：问答2_Q&A #1【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

And this is from Miguel。 So thank you， Miguel， for your question。 says in game。

 we try to seem as high value as possible。 It said that vulnerability is attractive and important in meaningful relationships。

 However， being vulnerable with certain things runs the risk of seeming low value。

 vulnerability and honesty are very important to my character。

 How does one be vulnerable and honest while still being high value。 Okay， awesome。 So。😊。

I want to words matter right where the way that you use certain phrasing。

 the way that you use certain words absolutely is going to have a huge impact on a lot of things and so when you use the word vulnerability。

 that can mean a few different things and vulnerability as in willingness to be honest。

 willingness to expose yourself to the world， I think in that sense。

Vulnerability is a very good trait because it shows high value。 It shows that you're unafraid。

 It shows that when you've exposed yourself to the world and those kind of things。

 it's worked well for you。 So in that sense， vulnerability。Is actually a high value trait right。

 It's the willingness to be vulnerable， the willingness to expose yourself。

 the unapologeticness about sharing yourself， that's actually all qualities of a high value person。

On the other hand， if vulnerability means weakness， then it's going to be a low value trait。

 So weakness or like complaining those kind of things tends to be low value traits and。

In a deep relationship， being a teammate with someone。

 being a partner with someone is a very powerful thing， right。

 tackling something together and being successful against it is massively useful。 However。

 if your partner can't specifically help you with a particular thing and。

Sharing that thing with them only gives them stress or only gives them negativity。

 There's really no point in sharing that thing。 You're just doing it for yourself。

 and that's really not going be the most positive。 So just this is maybe not the best example。

 but it's the example that came to my head。 A lot of guys have this attitude or this idea that they want to tell girls they do game。

 right， You want to share with your girlfriend that you learned to game。And they think it's。

 you know， it's good because you're showing your vulnerability。I wouldn't say so。

 I think that's generally not the best idea。 Now there are there is a time and a place right， So if。

 for example， one， your value is extremely high， so you're not really risking much value here，2。

 you have a specific reason for wanting to teach your girl game that is going to make your and her experience better together by all means。

 So， for example， in doing threesome with my girlfriends。 it was useful to teach her some game。

 because if she's better at game， that's going to make that process better right that's going to make things go。

A lot more smoothly， a lot more easily because now we both have game And so in that sense。

 teaching her game， which involves her knowing about game and knowing that this thing exists and knowing that I've studied a little bit is important。

 But telling girl just to tell her what's that gonna do。 Well， it's gonna make all those beautiful。

 magical moments that you had with her and all those experiences that she had that she she has a particular narrative and story around that make her happy。

 it's gonna to make her question those and think differently about them and wonder about them and wonder if it was just a technique and if it's really you and all these different things。

 And it's not really doing her any favors because you are who you are now。

 regardless of how you learned it and that's what she's interacting with。

 So a lot of guys sets tell girls because they feel guilty so they want to get it off their chest or because they want to be accepted for who they are。

 That's you having your own internal issue that you're trying to address through the other person。

 which is a needy and low value behavior。😊，So if being vulnerable or or you know open is helpful to the other person。

 helpful to the relationship in a direct way， by all means do it And also don't be scared to be you don't be scared to be honest。

 Don't be scared to talk about what you really think and feel because that is very positive and that's that's the good form of vulnerability but vulnerability is weakness is not good The other form of vulnerability as weakness。

 I would say to avoid is avoid constantly complaining So let's say that。

You're having a hard time at work。 And let's say there's nothing that your girlfriend's gonna help you with it。

 you're not coming to her for advice。 you're handling the situation the best you can。

 that's not the purpose。 you're just there to complain。

 Well you going and complaining to your girlfriend is not making the work situation better it's also not making your situation with your girlfriend any better it's not helping anybody it's just making you look weak。

 it's making you look like a complainer and it's not establishing anything。

 So the answer to this question is it really depends how you're defining vulnerability if vulnerability is defined as weakness or as like actually like probably the literal dictionary definition of vulnerability I would consider it a low value trait but if vulnerability just means that you have the confidence to be willing to be honest or you have the openness to risk your value every once in a while and put it out there and that's okay。

 I would say that's actually a high value trait and so you don't need to worry about your value with it and then finally even if it is vulnerability of the wrong kind if it has enough upside sometimes you can because sometimes if you are vulnerable and then you and the girl work together。

overcomecome your vulnerability together and become strong。

 That can actually be some of the most deepening relationship you can have。

 So there's a time and place to it， but hopefully that distinction of what actually is vulnerable and what's the good and bad ways of being vulnerable。

 Hopefully that helps your understanding a little bit。 this is from demiar。

 So thank you Demiar says can you share some strategies for building in social proof into your life in the long by the nature of this being a long term question is's probably gonna be something of a long termm strategy right So the best way to have social proof in your life in the long term is to actually have it it's not about conveying social proof。

 it's about creating social proof in that long term。

 So what can you do have friends go out of your way to just have friends So when for example。

 you get an invitation to an event and you don't really particularly want to go but you know it'd be good for building relationships for deepening deepening those relationships you have。

Put some value on that and， and try and， you know， go out of your way a little bit。

 even if you just make a cameo， you know， you just say hi to people。

 those kind of things go a long way When you are at events， try and be a leader， try and be helpful。

 try and be like standing up in those kind of things， excusecuse me。

So actually try and create the life also there are a lot of things that you can do that are external to pure social that are social proof。

 so accomplishments that is noted can be social proof so for example。

 if you've written something putting it on a website and making that website look good can be a form of social proof。

 getting it published even if it' self publishedublished could be a form of social proof。

 speaking on if you have an area of knowledge， speaking in that area。

 getting called as a speaker in that area could be a form of social proof。

So look for the opportunities to maximize any of these things you have right if you have a YouTube channel on anything other than the topic of meeting girls and it has a decent number of subscribers。

 that could be a decent amount of social proof and as far as for guys。

 even a dating channel about you know picking up girls is social proof in that area it's just not doesn't work as well when translated to women。

But make sure that the things you have achieved that they are visible right not that don't like not try hard visible。

 not putting in your face visible， but just have them in the background， have them there。

 have them there as a passive demonstration that's why things like social media really good for that if you have like an accumulation of good stuff on your Instagram that goes back for quite a while that can be really。

 really good， it seems like an honest an honest indicator that you not only can post some high value pictures。

 but you've consistently be able been able to do that over a period of time all that kind of stuff but the best way to build social proof。

Is to build a life that you love。That's relatable and then show it right， And that can be， you know。

 because of having more friends and saying， you know， saying hi and by to more people。

 going to more parties， throwing， throwing an event here and there， that's one way to do it。

 Another great way to do it is connect other people right when two people， you know。

 have something in common being the bridge between them。

 So they'll value and respect you on that level and always remember you as as the foundation for that relationship and deepen your relationship with you all of those things。

 it's really like。😊，It's kind of like you asked me like， how do you build a house？it depends。

 It depends what house you're building are you building a woodhouse or you' building a brick house。

 does it have a basement does it not have a basement。

 There's a thousand different ways to build a house and there are some that are wrong because that house will collapse but of the thousand good ways to build a house really it's about building you know picking the house that's right to you and then just getting started and just starting to put bricks down and if every brick isn't in the exact right place。

 it's still a pretty good house， it'll still you know protect you from the weather and keep you warm and you can always you know move the bricks around later if you have to。

So I would say the most important thing you can do is just being being about it。

 like caring and being willing to put in the work and start building。

 don't worry about the exact blueprint of the house。

 just start laying bricks in useful places and see what comes together so to speak and you'll find as you do this certain things you enjoy more certain things have more punch and impact than others and that's how you're gonna find your own particular strategy because what's going to work for someone who lives in like rural Iowa and has like you know small town same job they've had for 20 years is going be different lifestyle wise than the person who travels from city to city to city and is meeting new people every weekend。

Just gonna be different ways of conveying social social proof social value。

 that kind of stuff so it's not not super specific the most important thing is it is a long term thing。

 just start building， start building and then notice， notice what's happening。

 notice what's working when you're in when you're in an interaction。

 how do you calibrate what kind of traits about yourself you're displaying and how to fix it in the moment。

So the first thing I'm going to say is do not over calibrate， okay， most guys， and by that， I mean。

 most guys who have never heard of game， most guys in the world。Are massively over calibrated。

 They are so concerned with how what the other persons thinking about them。

 So worried about what the woman's perception is that they are not being themselves and they're not conveying attractive qualities。

 The core to being attractive is being attractive。 There's this general sort of like universe qualities and behaviors as a man that make you attractive。

And if you you stray too far from that， even if it's in a calibrated way。

 it's just going to make you unattractive， low value， et cetera。

 So stay within that range of what are attractive qualities。

 And only within that should you start calibrating to the particular girl。 And in particular。

 remember I has talked about。Early on when we gave the guys the list of all these low value traits and told them to monitor them and avoid them and how it made them actually act more low value if you're constantly worried about oh。

 what allow of that low value thing did I do， can I fix it if you're thinking that in field or thinking that in the moment in interaction you're probably going to mess yourself up and do more low value things rather than correcting the things you're actually doing。

So that's not the way to look at it。 Instead of looking at game as this endeavor of never making mistakes。

 look at game as trying to do so many things well that the mistakes don't matter。

 You're trying to do 100 things well so that the， you know。

 two or three mistakes you make are largely irrelevant。 That's what game fundamentally should be。

And so with that in mind， don't worry about fixing all the mistakes in the moment。

 What you should do， though， is fix the mistakes afterwards。

 So it's kind of like it's kind of like if you're playing a sport and you you miss a shot and you're running back down the court。

 you don't want to be thinking about why you miss that shot。

 You want to be thinking about the next play that's coming If you're thinking about that shot that you missed。

 that's when you're to miss the next play and the next play， the next play。

 it's a downward spiral to terrible performance What you want to do is put it out of your head and do the right thing on the next play。

 And then afterwards when you watch the game film。Then you're going to go through and figure out how you can correct it and then in practice when you have time to work on it。

 you're gonna to work on a different technique or figure out how to handle it there。

 same thing in game obviously， if you can record yourself and actually have game film or game audio that's that's useful but even without that doing a field report or just thinking about your night or your day afterwards and then correcting it after the fact don't trend calibrate and fix it in the moment。

 just do the best you can in the moment and make note of it and then afterwards。

Kind of the things you made note of go over them and try and come up with fixes for next time。

 so don't try and be perfect in the moment， but do try and be a little more perfect each time。Okay。

 so we have from Stephen， he said， what things of value should you emphasize as you move into your 30s and 40s。

 what what is high value as a 20 something may not be perceived as high value in your 30s or 40s？

Okay， cool and then some things about the name， whatever。 Okay， so basically。

 so how should you change how you're showing your value as you get older as a man Well。

 understand that as you get older in a man， you're expected to be in something of a different position。

 and so。Certain things you'll get more credit for and certain things you'll get less credit for than you would have in the past。

So if you were。In high school， let's say you're like 16 years old in high school and you have a car and a job。

Compared to a lot of 16 year olds who don't have those things living with their parents have no money。

 and they still are really acting like 12 year olds。you're going to come off way more mature。

 way more high value， et cetera。That said， if you're 30 or 40 and you have the same job as you had at 16 and you have the same cars you had at 16。

 that's not doing much for your value because you are expected to have moved up in life in that time you're expected to have maybe improved your education。

 improved your job prospects， started a business， different things along those lines。

On the other hand， in your 30s and 40s， if you still had the physical body you had when you were say 16 or 18。

 especially if you were fit and athletic back then you're probably doing relatively well compared to a lot of people your age and so that would be something that having that at that same level would actually sorry I'm just looking at comments here okay we're good cool making sure nothing's going wrong。

So that actually would help you proportionately more like being healthy and in shape and fitted and having a good body might not help you more because it's less expected as you are older。

But the other thing to think about beyond just specific traits is what is your overall persona and we're gonna talk about that。

 I'm going leave that for now， but just I'm gonna plant the the seed。

 I'm going talk a little bit about UVP and your unique value proposition。

 you will have a different UVP at different ages in your life So at one age of your life you're presenting yourself as the young。

 ambitious kind of sexy guy who like goodnessness sack and like plenty of ambition at another level and another place in your life you might present yourself as like the established guy who like is a leader and can teach the girl things and has his life together and has this resources and some level of like I'm gonna to say power because that can be misinterpreted。

 but some level at least power over your day to day and power over your own life。

So that's a different。hing that you're going to be portraying about yourself and your overall story you're telling is going to change。

 right， so you're almost changing genres。It's like if you're if you're 16。

 you're writing a young adult novel， if're you know if you're in your 30s or 40s。

 you're writing like a thriller or something like that or you're writing like like a biography about power I don't know what the fuck but you're writing a different book right there's a different narrative to what's going on and that's not one specific thing and there's not one specific choice to that。

 but you're choosing your own narrative and there are certain narratives that are going to make more sense at one edge versus another so that's going affect your choice in terms of narrative and unique value proposition。

Okay， here's an interesting question， I guess， is being humble when a girl is aware of one's achievements。

A useful virtue in the dating game， and if so， is there a risk of becoming self deprecating？

Humility generally is good。After the fact。So。Being humble doesn't really get a lot of attention。

 but once you already have attention， being humble is massively respected。

So like when someone wins a Super Bowl or wins like an NBA championship or the World Cup or something like that。

 And the first thing they say in their speech is， hey， listen， I want to help。

 I thank all my teammates， think the training staff think the people that got me here I could not have done it without you guys that kind of thing。

 that's massively respected because that's someone who has achieved a lot。

 Everybody knows he's achieved a lot。 He could have taken that moment to selfagggrandize and he didn't and he doesn't have to selfagggrandize because his actions speak for themselves his accomplishment speak for themselves。

On the other hand， let's say you were an up and coming boxer and you know you haven't had your title shot yet and maybe you have a couple flashy wins。

 well in that case being a little bit cocky， being a little bit brash。

 rubbing people even the wrong way， but definitely like just rubbing people like getting attention will potentially get you a title shot a lot faster will potentially bring you to people's conscious awareness a lot faster than just good boxing would and so there's a point to that。

So。Brashness and boldness is useful when necessary。

When you're not already in a clearly winning position， when you're in a clearly winning position。

Oftentimes humility is good and you want the humility to be confident humility， if you will。

 right when the you know person who won like the Super Bowl is thanking all their staff they're thinking them out of appreciation they're not thinking them out of thinking that they're not enough because they you know number one just made this accomplishment that is indicating they are enough but two it's the type of accomplishment that you probably had to be pretty confident to even try and you had to be kind of bold in the performance of and things like that and you had to take risks so it's already very well indicated that they do think you know relatively high themselves that this confidence does exist So basically it's okay to be modest when the accomplishment to speak for themselves or when you've already major point。

Or when someone else is social proofing you because then you know the value is already coming from somewhere else。

 you don't want to be self deprecating right if the guy。

 instead of thanking everybody and appreciating people was likey honestly I don't even know why I'm here didn't even play good game I almost like the other team really should have this I don't like this is a shambles Like that's not a victory speech that's like a weird that's like very very offputing and very low value and is just wrong you don't want to go there。

 you don't want to go to the level of actually talking down on yourself in a logical or legitimate way I would not go that far。

 but yes being humble when they action speak for themselves magnifies the actions because you have to think I know these good things about him And he's being humble well by implication how many other good things has he not told me whereas like I know these good things about him and he's clearly self- promoting well。

 I probably know all the good things about him So humility is very good once you're already good spotter once you've already kind of made your point I'm actually just I'm I'm gonna ask this question I'm。

Say it and I'll answer it just a little bit but I'll kind of put a pin in it for tomorrow because it's really a tomorrow question This is how do you avoid as a high value guy falling into low value traits when your life starts to crumble how do you keep your head up and bounce back from that downfall in in whatever region of your life？

And。I'll say a few different things here when things aren't going your way。

There's a couple ways to take this。 You can take this in a low value way and start exhibiting the low value traits。

 for example， complaining， making excuses like explaining yourself a lot being really needy towards people etc。

 or you can focus on it in a high value way， which is finding resilience like mobilizing the resources you already have finding solutions rather than excuse。

 ettera so you can look at as an opportunity for good things to happen。

 and a lot of people that are the most high value they've had moments that are that were springboards that were maybe negative moments that sprung them to deeper success So for example。

 one story that comes to mind， this is a story of my college soccer coach made us all read one year。

 but we got the book。And this is I can't accept not trying by Michael Jordan there were two。

 but it was two book package， I think it was I can't accept not trying and basically what happened to Michael Jordan is in in high school。

 he got cut from his high school basketball team and a lot of people would quitt basketball or those kind of things right they would have。

Given up or just said I'm not good enough or whatever for Michaels Jordan。

 it was a motivation for him to go to the gym before school every single day and practice and shoot and just do every single possible thing he could to never be cut again and you know that was a catalyst that motivated him to be not just good but maybe you know arguably the greatest of all time and so in essence it may have actually been a good thing for him the fact that he was cut from you know from that team。

So a lot of really good people like people that are really good at something or they're a really high value。

 they find a way to turn a negative situation positive rights one guy on my team who he's achieved he's very young but he's achieved a lot academically in his life so far and he's a very together guy and he he has this philosophy says good right and that is whenever something bad happens。

 what he tries to do he says good and then explain why it's good。

 explain why it can actually be leveraged to a good thing or how it can motivate him or why it's like the right thing for that moment or whatever and that's a much more healthy and positive attitude to take because it's going to get you doing the right things to get back on track rather than wallowing in misery or wallowing in negativity or any of those kind of things so think of it as an opportunity right and remind yourself that if things were easy。

 everyone would succeed the fact that things aren't easy is your opportunity to succeed。对。

Oh it's funny。 I misread the question in a way was funny。 But but here's the question。

 How can you roughly estimate her level， It says lots of foglies。

 which I read is fugitive somehow when I' read it， lots of ugly girls think they're tens and plenty of hoties have low self esteem。

😊，So what you're going to do is kind of a guess and check， right？From the first moments。

 you can tell a lot about a person based on the how they look and the choices they've made。

 So on average， in general， a hot girl is going to be more high value。

 And so you can treat her more as a high value individual。 You can be a little more abrasive。

 You can tease a little bit harder。 You can give her you can be a little more cocky those different things whereasas a girl who's less attractive。

 is less likely to have had that kind of really positive social feedback over time。

 is a little bit less likely to。Have had like guys chasing her whole life a little less likely to be like super confident about her body and her sex appeal。

 those kinds of things。 So you can make a guess on average。

 but then as soon as you start interacting with someone you're constantly getting new information and you're gonna to change your guess based on that new information so if like if straight is the target you start over here and then you calibrate and I want a little too I'll go back I'll go back I'll go back until you eventually weave your way too straight on the target of who that girl is And so the more information you get you're just reassessing and reguesing from what you have and that's what it is essentially guess and check the better you get a game。

 the better you'll get a guessing the more experience more importantly you get with dealing with different kinds of girls。

 the more girls you interacted with your guesses will become way better way faster so you're gonna start guessing a lot more accurately and effectively than you used to。

So the question is， Todd， can you explain your view on what is moral and how it relates to game and winning in your own life？

Sometimes you say approaching the girl is the right thing to do。

 do you get that view of morality from Anne Rand's rational self interest stuff or how can I understand this more？

Um so。This may sound。relativistic in a way， but there are there probably are。

 there are absolute morals， and then there are personal morals。And theres some some morals are。

 you have to say they're absolute because the world almost couldn't function without them right。

 Like there's no society in the world that doesn't have a thou shalt not kill type of restriction or provision in its legal code and legal system because if people right around killing people。

 that would be a fundamentally huge problem for society and you know。

 it would be hard for other things in in in society to function， Similarlyly thou shalt not steal。

 etc ce。 right， So there are things that are gonna to be。

Fairly absolutely moral and almost have to be enforced as moral on a societal level。But really。

Every person to an extent is going to determine their own moral code。

 they're going to determine their own convictions and their own values based on what they think is important。

So some people may believe that is going sound one or the other of these is going to sound crazy to you and that just illustrates the point。

 so some people may believe that it's immoral not to give to charity。

Other people may believe that it's immoral to give to charity right and by the way。

 the argument for the second one might be something along the lines of like free trade and efficiency and that the market's more efficient than charity or that like your job is to improve your own life and the lives of those around you and not be like meddling in the ideas of strangers or pushing agenda or anything like that or that the fact that charities are inefficient and a lot of them are corrupt and maybe the money won't even get where it's intended to go right so there's all kinds of different ways of evaluating any particular situation。

 even something that may seem obvious。So you have to determine your own moral code。

 you have to decide what is important to you and what's of value to you and that's actually going to be a huge part of we're gonna to talk about that in the second half of today and then into tomorrow determining your own moral code determining your own value system determining what you have on offer for girls but once you've determined that the answer to what is moral is what lives up to your value system So when I say approaching a girl's the right thing that assumes that you've decided to learn game that assumes that you've decided you want to approach girls and you want to have more women in your life and you want to date more actively you want to work on the skill set if you know that and you have that knowledge and belief and desire in your goal on one side and a little bit of fear and nervousness on the other side putting your belief and desire and goal over the fear and nervousness in doing the right thing。

 the thing that's moral rather than easy is moral ethical or whatever word you want to use does that make sense。

 but it depends on your own personal priorities。RightSo yeah。

 so you have your own idea of what you believe in， you have your own idea of what you will live with it and that things can't you do believe or can or can't live with。

 etc right so that's determined by you it's determined by your own particular set of beliefs and only you can know absolutely if you've acted acted ethically and morally based on your own set of beliefs right and there may be a time when based on your own set of moral or ethical beliefs。

 it actually may be right to violate something that is you know socially wrong， for example。

 like I mean this is baked into the law， but that thou shalt not kill there's the example of like killing in self-defense or killing in the defense of someone else or killing during during a war against an oppressive regime or something like that that violates a rule but because of a greater understanding or because of another principle it actually could be deemed moral or ethical although I'm sure by the other side if they were to win the war。

 they would de it unethical and you might be punished for it。

So there is a bit of relativism to what is moral， but hopefully you're consistent about it and hopefully you've given some good thought and have a good framework to what you consider moral and ethical and the beliefs and values that you have used to shape your life but when I say when I use the word moral in that context。

 I mean moral as in being true to yourself and being true to what you truly believe rather than caving into pressure or ease or something like that。

 so that's what I mean in that case。