# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：03.价值和吸引力：2为什么男人变得“低价值”_2 Why Guys Become “Low Value”【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

All right， so why do guys become low value well。Generally。

 it's because the world doesn't really want you to be low value want you to be high value。

 It doesn't have a lot of reason for that right if everybody's not everybody can be a king， right。

 if everybody's a king， then who's going to be the subject， who's going to， you know。

 do the the day to day grind， who's going to do the other work that isn't the royal level work。 Well。

 you know， you need somebody to do that。 So people who are in power， people who are in charge。

 people who are high value， usually don't have a lot of incentive to teach you that。

And so there's actually an active disincentive also women do not have an incentive for men to become more high value than they are right women are very happy with being traditionally having more social value in society。

 women are also really typical really happy with your typical role。

 they're really happy with if you've been， excuse me a man of a particular amount of value around them having you stay at that level because it's comfortable and predictable and easy for them。

Whereas if you're changing your value level， now they have to reassess you， they have to reevaluate。

 they have to wonder which is accurate， it makes the world harder and more confusing for them。

It makes it more likely that they will get tricked by a low value guy so to speak so all of those are different things to keep in mind as reason this so there's a lot of social pressure for men to stay low value because they want to be the high value one so that they can get the girls or for other forms of power there's a lot of pressure on men from women to be low value or to maintain their current value level so this's not confusing and it doesn't mess with the girls psychological model or anything like that and then because of all this it's just easier and safe a lot of times to fit in。

 be lower value those kinds of things。