# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：05.价值的内在博弈：1高价值的人_1 High-Value Men【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So what is the inner game of a high value man by the way。

 I think you guys all know what inner game is but inner game basically just means like your thought patterns。

 what goes on between your ears as opposed to just your behavior in the external world right So when we talk about tactics and techniques。

 that's behavior that's things that say that's lines when we talk about inner game。

 we're talking about your internal psychology and thoughts First thing for a high value guy is what we call attribution right when you succeed or fail at something where do you place the praise or blame and this is a huge distinguisher of high value versus low value guys and successful and unsuccessful guys in life。

So。Typically， high value guys tend to give an internal attribution to their successes and an external attribution to their failures to an extent now external attribution to failures does not mean you make excuses。

 it does not mean that you don't take responsibility for things。

 it just means that to take a phrase from zig ziggler， the late great zig ziggler。

 failure is an event not a person okay， so just because you fail doesn't make you a failure。

Low value people or guys who have low value thought patterns tend to when they fail internalize it quite a bit so when when I'll put myself back up here when a low value or low low value thought pattern guy fails he tends to think oh。

 I'm such a loser I always mess up I did it again what the hell I'm never gonna get anywhere。😡。

And make it really personal。 They attribute it internally。

 whereasas a high value guy with high value thought patterns when something negative happens in his life or he quote unquote fails at something。

 he's like， oh shit I mess that up。 All right， I'm going to do be better next time。 and that's it。

 He doesn't beat himself up over it。 He takes the lesson。 He definitely learns the lesson。

 He doesn't just blindly go forward with stupidity learns a lesson。

 but then he gets on with his life and he attributes it is， okay I made that mistake。

 now I'm gonna past it or my past self made that mistake。

 My future self is now better right So there's not this internal attribution。

 and there's this idea of I made a mistake， not I am a mistake or I fucked up。

 not I am a fuck up right So again， attribution matters a lot。On the flip side。

 when people are successful， high value guys tend to attribute it internally。

 low value guys tend to attribute externally。 I see this's a lot with guysising game right a guy who's low confidence with girls and hasn't had a lot of success in game。

 And then take on a program。 He gets some success。 but he has this identity of himself as not good with girls and he has this identity of like kind of low value paradigm。

 And so he gets a success。 And then the next day I like hey。

 congratulations you pulled that's awesome。 that was like your first pullever。 its good。

's like but you know， honestly like she just like him for the first moment I didn't really do anything。

😊，I'm sitting here like this guy has barely never barely ever talked to a girl before this program。

 he just pulled a girl who was oftentimes quite cute。Ends。He's downplaying it。 He's like， yeah no。

 but she just like me from the minutet。 I didn't really do anything。

 He's trying to like stick to this low value identity he's created。

 He's trying to stick to this like he's so attached to that that he can't get out of it when you do succeed。

 give yourself some credit。 remember the winner effect we talked about that with a fish where every single time you interpret something as a win it actually boosts your testosterone boosts your ability and readiness to win in the future and your readiness to engage in competition in the future every time you lose you are doing the opposite。

 So this guy he took what should have been the guy I'm describing the example。

 took what should have been one of the biggest wins of his life he's never even talked to a girl pull the girl from a cold approach that's such an accomplishment for your game and development socially and yet he was downplaying it and calling it a success or at least like a moderate victory almost like a draws and like yeah I mean I got it but she likeking from the get- go and it doesn't even reflect on me in a positive way he's like refusing himself the winner effect。

People would say like he's addicted to the chemicals of the other the other。

 or I would say just he's like he's timid in playing it safe and if he knows like with the winter effect he's going to be asking himself to step up again。

 remember the letter to your inner inner weakness or inner loser。

 right giving yourself permission to step up， permission to step out。

 permission to get rid of your excuses。So anyway。That's a refusing internal attribution of your successes。

 And a lot of times， successful guys will take credit big to it。 I'm awesome。 This is amazing。

 they'll baask in it just a little bit。 Now not over the top， not ridiculous。

 they know that there's still work to be done， But it's okay to celebrate your victories， In fact。

 you should。 And you should at least label your victories as victories labeling as victories is physiologically healthy for you and physiologically good for you。

 So at the very minimum， label your victories appropriately。 Okay， but how you attribute things。

 how you attribute your successes， how you attribute your failures is going to make a massive difference to you。

 So think to yourself， am I a guy who has been。😊，You know。

 has am I a guy who has been attributing in the wrong way， am I a guy who's been attributing。

 you know， failure to myself and success to to random chance， If so， can I change that， Can I。

 can I make my， myself self talk a little bit better because that's gonna help you a lot， right。

 Se talk is absolutely huge， how you talk to yourself how you view yourself is， I mean。

 you are your own most intimate conversation， You know yourself better than anybody。

 you judge yourself more than anybody if you're constantly kicking yourself in the teeth。

It's no surprise that the world kicks you in the teeth。

 It's no surprise that if you're constantly playing yourself down and somebody else insult you and you just take it not surprising if you're giving yourself shit all day and someone gives you your shit test and you you know aren't loose enough and relaxed enough to have a response and just kind of like take it not surprising right you need to find a way to find some kind of selflo。

 like something about yourself， whether it's the direction you even if you're like kind of even if you absolutely like hate where you're at right now。

 at least love the direction you're moving in， find something to love， find some positive。

 find some hope and some direction and motivation in there and what you should be doing。

Is acting through selflove， acting as though you deserve the success you get you deserve the success you get instead of downplaying oh。

 she just like whatever， again， internal attribution。

 you deserve the success you get and you at least deserve to try。

 everybody deserves the right to try to succeed， everybody reserves deserves the right to try and stand out and try and become their best self。

 nobody ever should be denied that。 That's like'm American。

 some' very like you know bootstrapping yourself whatever。

 But that's like that's like the core of the American dream right there is that everybody should be given that privilege。

 everybody should be afforded the privilege to try and become their best self and the saddest version of it。

 like if the world is trying to deny you that that happens fair enough， maybe you don't。

 you can't change it as much as you can， although you probably have more say in it than you think fair enough。

 But if that's happening internally。 if you yourself are denying yourself your opportunity to be the best。

 That is tragic。 That is absolutely tragic。 So please don't be your own worst enemy。

 there's plenty of other people in the world。Wouldd love to be your enemy。

 there's plenty of other people in the world that would love to keep you down please don't let it come from you Okay。

 at least you owe it to yourself to be your own fan So the question is when should you be easy on yourself and when should you be hard on yourself？

And the answer is in general。B。Hard on your efforts。Easy on your results。 Okay， so if。

 you know this from being honest with yourself， you。

 you know yourself better than anybody and you can be honest。

So if you truly did your absolute best and tried the hardest you could and brought the lessons to the table and went for it and you failed。

 you should be proud of yourself。 You should be frustrated as hell。

 You should be pissed off that you failed， but you should be proud of yourself because be easy on yourself。

 Sorry， hard on yourself for your effort， which you did easy on yourself for your results。

 So you failed on your results， but theres nothing to be hard on yourself there because you did all the right efforts。

 And you should know that if you consistently do those right efforts and learn from them and continue to do them。

 you're going to eventually get to success。RightOn the other hand。

 if you do get like an easy victory， but you know you didn't like do good work。

 you't know you didn't do your best。 You should be a little hard on yourself there。

 Now this is not the same as that internal external attribution thing， because again。

 being honest with yourself being honest with yourself。 if you truly actually did a shitty job。

 give yourself that you did a shitty job But if it's the best you've ever done it's good enough。

 the best you've ever done is always good enough for now。

 you can work on improving it later so be very hard on yourself。

 if your goal is to get fit and go to the gym， be very hard on yourself。 if you don't go to the gym。

 but be very easy on yourself。 if you're supposed to lose a pound a week and you're only losing 0。

75 pounds a week。 that's fine it' progress。 you're supposed to lose a pound a week and you lose half a pound a week。

 that's completely fine you're doing the right things。

 you can make adjustments you can cut your calories more， you can work out a little harder。

 you can adjust the exercise， whatever if you're not hitting your goals。

 But as long as you're making some progress be easy on yourself even if you weren't。

You just started a new fitness plan， for example， and you planned out everything you thought that would work。

 you haven't been working out before。 you followed it for a week and you got no results。 fine。

 you got no results， but you did get a result， which is you got the result of being consistent in the gym and working hard for a week which is gonna make easier in the future and it's the start of building that habit。

 So sure adjust your macros adjust your workout lift at lift a little more way。

 give yourself a little more progressive overload， go longer， burn more calories。

 whatever change something if you're not getting the results but do not be hard on yourself because you had a plan It was the best plan you knew at that time。

 you work that plan the right way。 That's all anyone can ever ask if you be hard on yourself a process。

 be easy on yourself for results。 Now don't be complacent。 keep being smart。

 keep trying to improve but please hard on yourself a process easy on yourself results。

 I've said it about 16 times I just to stop it there。 I'm not gonna say it anymore。 That's enough。

 That's enough for that。 Oftentimes you cannot control the result。

But you can control earning the results。 Life is very random in general。

 and as as someone who played poker for a living， I've been in an environment where life is extremely random。

 You cannot directly control your short termm results。

 You cannot control as a poker player whether you win a poker hand。

 You cannot always control walking up to a girl， whether a particular girl likes you dates you goes home with you。

 but you can control over the course of a year whether you win at poker。

 you can control over the course of many， many approaches whether you do meet a girl of high caliber and high quality that you like。

 who will date you。So you can't control any one girl and you can't control any one poker hands。

 but you can control the process you can control putting in enough high quality wraps and continually improving so that your success is absolutely statistically insured or ushered。

 sorry， statistically ushered。So that's what you want to do。

 You're trying to statistically assure your success。

 you're trying to do so many right things that it would have to be literally a statistical miracle for you to fail。

 And if you fail along the way， fail quote unquote by not having every single part of it succeed。

 that's fine because you're on a good plan you're focusing on the process and again you're being hard on yourself for process easy on yourself for results at least emotionally if you're not getting the results to change the process but don't be hard on yourself if you did the best you could at the time positive reframing again。

 we talked about internal and external distribution or locus of control or attribution。

 it's another way of saying it。And we talked about seeing things as a win or a loss。

And we talked about the winter effect。The fact that if you do reframe things as positive。

 you're experiencing them as a win and by experiencing them as a win。

 you're going to get more positive chemicals in your body。

 You're going to be more willing to step up next time you're going make make it more fun for you。

 right， you're going to hit that flow state where you're winning consistently like a good video game。

😊，So all of those things are are arguing positive。 So finding a way to positive reframe is really good One exercise you can do。

 I'm not gonna have you guys do this as an explicit exercise， but if this resonates with you。

 if this seems like a good one for you， try to go through。

 at least I might have you do this during the follow up time I'm just not gonna have you do this today and tomorrow。

 but。😊，Try and take every single thing that happens in your life that's negative and reframe it positive。

 right， Remember I told you my。My guy on my team who every time something bad happens。

 he says good and then explains why it's good。 That's kind of the idea of the positive reframe。

 right If you failed， you didn't fail， you learned a good lesson that you can take to the next time。

 if you you know are exhausted。 Well， that means you triggered probably physical growth and and mental growth and ability to resolve stress and all these different things。

 There's a way to reframe almost everything is positive So try as much as possible to do that and the challenge is to give yourself like start with a short period of time。

10 minutes， every single negative thought on a reframe is positive and then you work up to an hour and then eventually like a day。

 if you can reframe every single thing positive for a day。

 you're starting to get some really good thought patterns some some really good mental habits。😊。

That are going to help you out in a lot of areas of life。

