# 08、RSD托德 《价值大师班》：03.价值和吸引力：8给你内心“失败者”的信_8 Letter to Your Inner “Loser”【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

And it's， it's very important if you could get only one thing out of this entire。Events。

I told you to think about your one thing if you could get for me one thing out of this entire event and you've learned it。

 you've internalized it， you've embraced it， you've made it you this is the thing I would choose and the reason for it is this is going to be a catalyst for so many other things if you get this one thing right then you will you will get other things right。

 you will learn game you will improve your finances。

 you will improve your health etc because you will be on that right path and that right path is synergistic。

So the idea here then is to you can see what the activity is going to be sort of which is write a letter to what I call your inner loser。

 but let me explain what I mean by this and let me explain why I'm asking you guys to do this。So。

Essentially， we all know that if we could be our best selves all the time or even more of the time that would improve our lives if you could be at your best all the time。

 you would be exponentially better。 We have those days where we wake up more motivated。

 we go to the gym， we do our work， we work on our business， we do that approach to that hot grow。

 we wanted to approach we live by our our ethical code instead of like。

 you know doing what's easy and of what's right， et cetera。 If we did that every single day。

 we do amazingly and we know that and yet we still don't right we still do the easy thing instead to the right thing。

And a big reason for that is that oftentimes。Either we haven't codified what we wanted or maybe even more to the point。

There are consequences to that thing。 So what you think you want and what you actually want may be very different。

 So as an example， as a group of men， a lot of you probably had dreams to be like an athlete of some kind。

 Like a lot of you maybe you can you can write a yes in the chat or something if you wanted to。

 But this is more for you anyway。 if you wanted to be a professional athlete on some level like you wanted to be a pro baseball player。

 pro basketball player。 you wanted to play soccer or whatever football if you're in Europe。

Or whatever sport it was， if you did want to do that， but you didn't achieve it。 Well。

 there's a lot of reasons why some have to do the talent and this and that。

 But my question to you is， did you really want it。 So， for example。

Did you want to wake up at five in the morning and have to run till you puke？

Did you want to have to deal with risking injuries and having， you know。

 having to go to rehab and different things like that and having to be physically brave and having things just be painful a lot？

Did you want to deal with being in a situation where everybody's watching you and every single mistake you make will be scrutinized？

Um，Or let's say that you were in high school and you wanted to go play in college。

And you're already working hard in high school and you know that like you know you're already you know running wind sprints and in the gym and your body hurts and it sucks getting up that early and if you go to college。

 the other would be that celebration I made it and then youll wake up with the reality of the next day that now you have to perform and you have to to work in an even higher level and you're probably going to ride the bench again and have to restart that whole cycle and are you ready for that are you ready for the thing that comes with it or for example。

 if you want to be more successful in your job。Do you actually want to be more successful in your job or would you just like to be more successful in a job。

 or you just like to say that you want to be more successful in your job？ So， for example。

 do you want to take on more responsibilities。If not。

 you probably aren't going to get that promotion in your job。

Do you want more people working under you that you have to manage and they can complain to you and blame you for things？

If you're not willing to take that along with the package。

 you're probably not going to get that promotion in your job right so everything that you do every time you step up in life。

 there's things that come with it right Do you want that hot tenantets and girlfriends Well good I hope you do but if you do you're going to have to worry about keeping her you're going have to worry about continuing to live at the level that you promised you would live at Otherwise you're going to lose that that amazing girlfriends。

So。The question I'm going to ask you or what I'm going to ask you to do is this I want you to write to you can call your inner loser。

 inner weakness， whatever you want to call it， but I want to write you dear。

 dear inner weaker self or or dear inner loser or whatever write this letter out。

 and I want you to kind of let your。Yourself know that you don't need it regulating and protecting you in the way it has before because your weakness。

 your excuses， they serve a purpose， they serve a purpose for you。

 They protect you from embarrassment， they protect you from hard work。

 they allow you to live a more pleasant life。 they allow you to procrastinate different things like that。

 And so if you want to succeed， the only way you're actually gonna get it is if you know the things you're gonna have to give up to do it。

 You may have to give up eating like， you know， three pieces of cake in the morning if you want to get in shape。

😡，You may have to give up making excuses and feeling sorry for yourself if you want to get ahead in business And if you prefer making excuses and feeling sorry for yourself because it feels good。

 you probably won't get ahead。 And if that's the decision you want to make fine， I guess。

 but make it with your eyes wide open So what I'm asking you guys to do is open your eyes I'm asking you to open your eyes to the reality of what comes along with the thing you want。

 and I want you to write a letter to yourself explaining that you're willing to make that sacrifice for the things really want。

 And if if you can't write this letter right if this letter。There's not enough in this letter。

 Then maybe you've structured your goals poorly or maybe you haven't thought them out fully or something like that because there should be enough motivation behind what you want to do that you are willing to give up the conveniences or being willing to solve a way to get those conveniences back And the nice thing is once you've achieved it once you've actually gotten there life will get easier But the process of getting there will be harder and you have to be willing to accept that if you're not you're not mentally ready to succeed。

 You're not mentally prepared to succeed。 And that's what I want you guys to do is to actually get prepared to be successful。

 take a few minutes， write this letter to your inner loser。

 Think about you know how you've been holding yourself back。

 how you've been making excuses and you know dear inter loseer， hey， look。

 I know you're trying to protect me I know you I know this comes from this this and this I know this way this is someone you've had a relationship with your entire life So they know you and you know them this letter and let them know that it's time to it's time to move on it's time to step up because that's what we're gonna be doing。

Over the next two sessions， all right， with that said， I will leave you to the exercise。

