# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：15 - 基线作为叙事 # 你的原型_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next factor in your sort of baseline communication that's gonna to have a drastic effect on the narrative of you yourself and of you and the girl is going to be your archetype。

 And this is similar to lifestyle。 but it's a little more focused you could say So， for example。

 lifestyle might just be you know how many hours a week you were how much money you have and what kind of house you live in whereas archetype is the types of specific activities you engage in the type of specific personality you're exhibiting。

 and the specific attraction triggers you're likely to have。 And so again。

 there are a lot of different attractive archetypes you could be as a man。 One is the ambitious。

 successful guy。 Another is like the popular guy。 Another might be the athletic and shape guy。

 Another might be like the teacher mentor guy。 So there's all these different another might be like the bad boy。

 all these different archetypes， all these different ideas of who you can be And as you're conveying your life。

 you're deciding which one of these you're gonna be。 And first of all， some of these are。

ently more or less attractive， just purely they are right。

 the archetype of the guy who runs the company is just going to be probably on average more attractive than the guy who is in。

 you know， middle management in the same company it just， you know。

Aretype of the boss versus archetype of the employee for most people is going to be more attractive。

 although depending on blueprint， which we'll talk about a little bit later。

 that may not always be the case。 and the archetype is going to dictate the type of relationship she might have with you。

 So for example， if your archetype was by the book successful church goinging never broke a rule guy that might dictate how long it takes a girl to sleep with you as compared to if your archetype was the sort of asshole playerish club promoter guy the girl might take more time to sleep with that first guy than that second guy might dictate whether or not she cheats on him in positive or negative ways for either party would definitely dictate how hard shed try to hide the effect that she's cheating on him different things like that。

 So the archetype being used not only affect the value and the overall kind of story being told。

 but it's going to affect the way that the girl plays back as well。 So in choosing your。

you are not only choosing whether you're attractive to a girl。

 you are choosing the role that you're gonna to be playing with the girl and the role she's gonna be playing with you。

 and so you are gonna be choosing the type of relationship you'll be having。

 you'll be choosing the type of focus of what's attractive and not attractive because if you set the frame that being responsible and successful is attractive that's going to dictate different behaviors within the relationship。

 then if you set a frame that being irresponsible and crazy and reckless is attractive。

 obviously that's going to create different behaviors So think a bit about what archetype or archetypes it doesn't have to be the same with every girl。

 you can do well， which ones you want to do， which ones you enjoy playing and which ones you actually think are healthy for the type of relationship you want to have and experiment have fun and understand that your archetype is going to affect hers if you are playing a role it's going to affect the role she can play back with you。

