# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：7.心态 提供价值（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

In order to understand this next mentality， it's important to understand that one of the big sort of causes。

 or at least excuses or rationalizations for approach anxiety is the idea of not wanting to interrupt or not want to bother the girl。

And if you do feel this way， in a sense， it's going to be good for you in game because at least it means that you are kind of emotionally intelligent enough and empathetic enough to care about the girls's experience。

 And that's going to help you a lot later on in game。 But on the open。

 it's not helping you very much。And what I want you to understand is this。 There's interrupting。

 and then there's interrupting。 right， So if you were to interrupt someone and ask them for money。

 that's a negative sort of interruption。 If you were to interrupt someone to insult them。

 That's a very negative interruption。 On the other hand。

 if you were say a sweepstakes like prize give out person。

 I don't know the name for that is be're a person who like gives the check to a sweepstakes。

 sweepstakes winner。 And you're giving 1000 or $10000 check。 to that person。

 If you were to go up to that person， say， hey， excuse me， you've won this prize。

 I need to give it to you。 Yes， you're interrupting them。

 but you're interrupting them with a lot of value。 You're interrupting them with something。

 they're probably going to be glad you interrupted them for。 So in that case。

 your interruption isn't an imposition。 It's an opportunity。😊。

And you need to think of yourself the same way， because for most of you。

 and certainly hopefully for all of you， if it's not true， it should be true very soon。

 the opportunity to have you as a boyfriend to have you in their life to have you as someone who is trying to make a girl happy and improve her life。

 that's probably worth a whole hell a lot more than 1000， And even if honestly， it was。

 you know $10 dollar check you're giving you， you're still giving a lot。

 and I could pretty much guarantee if you're trying to make someone's life better。

 that's gonna to be worth a hell whole hell of a lot more than $100。 The point is。

 when you go up to the girl， you are offering a tremendous amount of value you're offering your the resources of you。

 The resources of you as a friend， a lover， mentor。

 you're offering potentially even financial support in some cases， et cetera， et ce。

 You're offering a lot of things。So you are really that person who's going up as a sweepstakes winner。

 And that's the position she's in。 She won the sweepstakes of being lucky enough to bump into you and have you approach her today。

 That is a very positive thing。 So you're not going in taking value。

 You're not going in asking her for something。 You're going in offering something。

 And that makes it a fundamentally different situation。 Another framing of this。 besides the。

100 dollar checks。 sort of fming is imagine this。 imagine your ultimate like current dream girl。

 like hottest girl in the world。 first girl that comes to mind for that。 Imagine that girl。

 And then if you are busy doing something that you're pretty into。 And that girl came up was like。

 hey， excuse me， I thought you were really attractive。

 I just wanted to come say that and come meet you。😊，Unless what you're doing was incredibly。

 incredibly， incredibly important， like life critical。You probably would be like， oh， hi。

 that sounds great。 I would love to meet you hot as a girl that I know。 right。 So the point is。

 if enough value is on offer， you don't mind being interrupted。

 So your job as a man and your job doing the approach is to go up and offer a lot of value so that you aren't in im position and you aren't a burden。

 But as long as you are offering value of any kind。

 you won't be that and you should get it out of your head and out of your mentality that you're burdening the girl and instead have the mentality that you're presenting her with a wonderful。

 amazing and once in a lifetime opportunity。😊。