# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：4.第一周实战：1.开场白（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）.mp4

🎼Excuse me。 You have like the most uniquely elegant logo。So I looked over as like。

 this person will not be a boring human being。I好。あ。You have the most badass look right now。

Like you look like you're going to go like sign a business deal and then like like kill a grizzly bear or something。

 You're very welcome。 What is， I'm sure have to go in a minute， but what is your name。😊，Nice to meet。

 I'm Todd。Excuse me。 You look so petitely elegant， but kind of like trouble。 but anyway。

 I'm intrigued， so I had to say hi。That was the door， but what is your name？长的什么样子。As well。

 So I'm intrigued because on the one hand， you look super， super innocent。

 But then on the other hand， whenever you like do that， you don't。

 like whenever you look at me smile， you just look like completely struggle。 I am Are you。

You guys absolutely look adorable together。I see you guys look adorable together。

You look like trouble a little bit， to be honest， but you know whatever it is， what it is。

But who you guys， I have to go in a minute， but I'm actually very intrigued。

I said I have to go in a minute but I'm very intrigued by you guys， who are you， I'm Todd。两车。

I assume you get to speak Spanish， you have the accent just a little bit， right？Yeah。

 so you're like nicely pecan。No， I don't like No， that I'。Its。🎼Sorry。

 you look very athletic and elegant at the same time。 you。 You are very welcome。 So I kind of had to。

 I guess， say hi。And you're very welcome where are you from， you have a be like little accident I do。

A little bit。 No， really， okay， maybe it's just the raspy voice。 Yeah， a little okay， I thought like。

 you know， I've been drinking for the last like eight days straight and a little crazy。 that。 Okay。

 fair enough。😊，So I think you're cute。's， let's not kiss for， you know， the first week or so we know。

Yeah。Yeah。Excuse me， you guys generally just look like troling in like an amazing way。

 so had to come say hi。What。😮，I said you guys in general looked like trouble。

 but like in like a very like non boring way， which is good。明白吗？You're welcome。 So just quickly。

 what is your story。Excuse me。So you look so adorably picturesque。Like the low key girl bike。

 you know， I like。I may love this girl。 I may hate this girl， but I don't think she'll be boring。

Sorry。Do where you're from， It's late。 Okay， that explains it。 I said， I don't think it'll be boring。

 which makes sense because， you know， my stereotype of Italians is you're very passionate people。

 yes yes。Yes， sorry。 What is your name。Nice to。 Nice to meet you。Excuse me。 I'm sorry。

 excuse me me hello。like you guys look so elegant and adorable， but you also look like trouble。

Like trouble。A bit， yeah， yeah， you're like， yes， yes， I am。Yes。

 I am trouble and so I'm very curious about you Thank you you are very welcome what is first of all。

 what I'm Todd， what is your name？Yes。 you cannot give me that look。 by the way。

 That's trouble right there。 So Italian。 but your English is good。 Yeah， and Spanish as well or no。

 not not。🎼Ex excusecuse me。 sorry， you looked absolutely like Miami and beast New York and the most lovely in class。

🎼And where are you from， You have a next time。 Remember Brazil。

 I was completely a million miles off Let's call legs。 What are you doing That's okay， All right。

 let's speak Spanish。 Don Okay， no to the gets by me， but I want to see。Excuse me， excuse。

That was very cute。Oh man， so you looked low key adorable， I wanted to you know， come say hi。

And you know， make you jump 10 feet in the air apparently， but you know， whatever。

What is your name I have to go in a minute， but I'm intrigued。Sorry。What is your name？Yeah， are you。

 you speak Spanish or you're European， I'm from Portugal from Portugal， okay。

 so Portuguese is done very nice。I swear。Now can you do that again because that was amazing？是啊。

Almost almost， you weren't quite a shock that time。 It is art。

 I was gonna say you guys look like the most like the biggest troublemakers here。

 But then she did that。 And now you just just completely like blew that idea all to bits。

 I'm so sorry。 That's okay， I mean， it was cute。 It was funny。 You know。

 You you will forever be the girl that jumped 3 feet in there。 It's fun。 That's how I'll you。

 if we're friends like five years from now， That's how Im going introducing to people。😊。

you know what happened when I met this girl she screams in like this little mini mouse way that was like so adorable。

A you Irish， What are you， No one You're French。Sorry， excuse me。 It's a volume。

 but you guys just had like the most like arrogantly sophisticated look。 It was absolutely beautiful。

So is very。 So anyway， hello， So green stupid America。Excuse me。

Do you had the most like sleepy troubled look right there？

Like you look like you just rolled out of bed and you were going to like stab somebody in the back and take over the world in the next second。

Anyway， I liked your look， I was intrigued。You're very welcome。you what， Oh。

 that's where you got the the entire。 Okay， well， if I were a girl， I would totally， you know。

 be all over that。 doesn't quite work the same as a guy， but I do appreciate it。 I I appreciate your。

 It sounds cheesy。 I appreciate your energy。 Like you're very like， what is your name。😊，七咩先啊。

That was the most adorably dorky look， seriously。I say do not you be English okay。

 as it does the most adorably dark humoraler。Like very sweet， but a little bit like。Hello。I'm Todd。

 you guys are watching your names。Yeah。So okay， so you speak English but you're in Spanish but you accent yes。

不要不。You have the most sort of like bubbly elegant look about you。H。So nice to meet you。

 I love your look。 Thanks。 I don't even know what to do with you right now。

 I want to say such cheesy things。 Where are you， that already， Am I， I'm so sorry。

 What where you headed right now。 I'm going to my house to some stuff。 I go for a around， okay。😊。

How do you feel about a quick snack with a boy on the way there？

Healthy snack since you are going to go for a run， maybe another day。Okay， yeah， okay fine。

 but I need to get to know you a little bit， so I'm to walk with you just a little bit。 Okay。

 where you going。