# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：10.初阶者任务：8.承担责任【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Alright， for mission 7， we're gonna start kind of really doing cold approach。 So now for mission 5。

 we did walk up and say hi and give a compliment。 And then at that point， you are free to go。

 Now we're gonna add one more layer to it。 You're gonna say hi and give a compliment。

 and then you need to stay and talk for 10 more seconds。 You can tell a story You ask a question。

 It's not ideal in terms of game overall， but it's totally fine for now， right。

 but you have to stay for 10 more seconds。 That's it。

 You're doing what I call assuming the burden of the conversation。

 You're carrying the conversation on your shoulders a little bit。

 And The reason for this is strangers， even if they like you， they may not know what to say。

 They may not know how to continue the conversation。

 They may not even be sure you want to have a conversation。 So a lot of times they won't do anything。

 they'll just shut up。 But if you carry the burden。

 You carry the conversation for that 10 more seconds， a lot of times。😊，Things are gonna go really。

 really well。 Okay， so that's it。 Hi， compliment。 carryry the conversation for 10 more seconds。

 You're gonna do this because this is kind of a longer。

 longer one as we're starting to do these approaches。

 I would suggest do at least like maybe 10 reps in the day。 The best is just make this a habit。

 Make this a habit whenever you see a pretty girl to go ahead and do it Or even if you even see just a cool looking guy。

 by all means， you can give a guy a compliment， you don't have to hit on him。

 So making it a habit is actually what you'd like to do。

 But the bare minimum is do this for at least 10 reps。

 go out and get into at least 10 little quick conversations。 If it becomes big conversations。

 that's amazing if it doesn't， that's fine as well。 But now that you've said hi。

 given a compliment and assume the burden， you're now actually doing cold approach pickup。

 Congratulate yourself。😊。