# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：9 - 价值蓝图和价值舒适比_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

As you go about determining a girl's blueprint for attraction， sex relationship。

 there are certain things that matter tremendously and certain things that don't matter very much。

 And if you're focused on the things that don't matter。

 you're going waste a lot of time and mental energy and just run around in circles if you focus on the things that matter you're gonna to do much better。

 So for example， just a stupid example， the girl's preference in ice cream does not matter much as part of her blueprint for who she's gonna to date you know if she likes chocolate ice cream or vanilla all ice cream。

 that's not going to affect whether she likes you in almost any situation， that's pretty irrelevant。

 but there are some factors that do matter and we're going to go through a few of those most important factors right now。

 the first of which is value。 what does this girl have as a metric for value。

Because basically every girl and we talked about this when we talked about general game and general attractive qualities。

 basically every girl is going to need some amount of value and some amount of comfort in her game right and so when you look at value as a part of blueprint。

 there's two aspects One is what is her ratio of value to comfort That's very。

 very important Is this a girl that needs a lot of value in her blueprint or does she need a lot of comfort in a blueprint and that's something you want to be weighing and we're gonna talk about value in this section。

 comfort's gonna to be the next video but you need to determine that ratio。

 is this a girl that needs high value， low comfort， high comfort， low value。

 pretty normal across the board etc So that's absolutely gonna to be critical and you're gonna be determining that based on how she's dressed。

 how she's acting her behavior， her reactions that's the first thing。But even beyond the ratio。

 which is clearly critical and maybe the most one of the most critical things when assessing her blueprints with respect to value。

 it's also important to assess what does this girl find to be of value So some girls find material success to be very valuable there are a lot of girls like that。

However， older girls actually don't want a guy to necessarily have material success because they have associations culturally with that or because they think they value other things or because they have a lot of material success。

 So they don't need that in a guy， et cea。 for some girls for whom that's not of value For some girls being well liked and having a lot of friends is very high value and matters more than material success for some girls。

 it's the opposite way around For some girls being unique and artistic is of high value for them。

 Some girls could care less about that。Some girls care a lot about the experience they have with you。

 the fun they have with you， other girls are willing to be very bored if they think they're winning and they think you're a high value high status guy。

So first of all， there is， of course， the ratio of how much value and how much comfort does the girl need and that's absolutely critical we'll talk about that over and over again throughout the rest of this module。

 but also there's what does this particular girl view as value and anytime you're getting a signal as to that you can use that now how do you get signals as to that Well。

 if she talks about something with passion you can assume she values that thing if she's dismissive about a particular thing。

 you can assume she probably doesn't value that thing very much when you talk about a certain thing does she seem to get more interested。

 maybe that's something she values we talk but not another thing does she grimace or wins or like get turned off in some way well maybe that's something she doesn't value as much。

So but you want to look at number one， the ratio of value to comfort is absolutely critical。

 but number two is what is value for this girl and that's going to be determined based on a lot of her life experience or preconceptions。

 different things we're going to talk about but primarily if you're assessing blueprint one of the key things you should have in your mind is you should have an idea of how much does this girl need value and what is she view as valuable if I were to ask you what's this girl girl's blueprint that should be pretty much the first thing that comes out is what is she passionate about what is she value。

