# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：11.废物测试_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

One area where the skill we just worked on misinterpretation is very useful and also one very powerful tool you have in game is passing shit tests。

 So to get to that， let me first explain what a shit test is and they'll explain why passing it is so attractive。

 So shit tests basically are a response girls have to when their frame is threatened So when a girl feels a certain way about the world and then she's feeling an emotional reaction to you that's making her question that or causing that to come under scrutiny。

 she will tend to potentially resist in some way by giving a shit test then it's kind of funny because as a beginner you oftentimes don't get a lot of shit test because you're not being emotionally relevant enough as intermediate。

 you'll get a ton of shit test because you're being emotionally relevant。

 you're a viable sexual prospect but you're coming across or you're coming up against a lot of resistance because you are like in opposition to the girl's frame funny enough when you get really advanced and you've learned to pass shit test really well。

You'll also find you stop getting as many shit tests because now you're not only sexually relevant。

 but you are sexually attractive and the girl instead of feeling resistance to your frame is buying into your frame and enjoying your frame and so you actually get fewer shit tests。

 but this kind of transition point of having to pass shit tests through the intermediate stage is a very important part of game and even as you get to advance。

 you are going to get shit tests， they are a huge part of game and they're a huge opportunity for you to demonstrate attractive qualities。

The reasons they're so useful is if you were to say something attractive， just unprovoked。

 that could be a line。 It could be rehearsed， it might not be genuine， et cetera。

 But when you're put under fire when you are faced with something unexpected and you have to handle it and you handle it in a positive way。

 That's what's called an honest signal。 honest signal means it's something that's hard to fake。

 It's hard to fake。 passing a shit test because you can't have predict it。

 you can't have been prepared for it， although we're preparing for it right now。

 but we can't prepare for a specific shit test， you can prepare for shit test in general。

 So passing a shit test shows shows that ability to perform under fire。

And it' it's treated as more the real you because it is spontaneous Okay so what is a shit test again。

 it's a test of frame， it's a test of your congruence it's essentially a test of you're putting yourself across the girl as a certain thing like you're a certain type of person or have a certain quality or whatever and that's coming under scrutiny so she's going to test you to see if you're the real deal。

The important thing to note about Shi tests for now is that shit tests are not insults， okay？

There are some things that are borderline between the two。

 and there are ways to say something that could be insulting if said one way or just a shit test if said with a different tonality or in a different context。

 that is all true， but。Across the board， shit tests are not insults。 Also。

 rejections are not shit tests。 So a girl like walking away and or running away from you is not a shit test。

 That's a rejection。 And you probably don't need to be chasing after her。 Okay， that's number one。

 Also a girl saying you're fucking ugly you loser is not a shit test。 That's an insult。

 And maybe that's not very polite on her part， but it's certainly a different part of speech。

 Okay shit test tend to be a test of a specific thing。 and importantly。

 usually with shit test almost always a shit test。 The insult isn't explicit。 It's implied。 Okay。

 so saying you are a loser is an insult。😡，Saying， wow， you've made some interesting decisions there。

 haven't you， And implying that you might be a loser is a shit test。

 The key word is implying because you're not flat out stating it。

And this definition of a shit test leads us to one of the best ways to handle shit test。

 which is to attack the implication。 Okay， so what most guys do in passing shit test。 Well。

 most guys do in face with a shit test is they just fall into a bad frame。

 Girl puts a bad frame out there。 Guy falls into the bad frame and loses a lot of value。

Once guys become aware of shit tests， what happens is girls tries to put them in a bad frame。

 They put themselves in that bad frame， and then they try and come with some clever way out of it。

 And that just looks really reactive and try hard。 And sometimes it works kind of a little bit。

 but it does look very needy， It's not very positive。 and you still end up losing a lot of value。

 What you want to do， Girl puts you in a bad frame。

 And instead of trying to go into that bad frame and fight your way out。

 You just assume the frame away。 You just assume that it's not there。

 But changing your interpretation， changing the interpretation of what was insulting。

 That sounds very confusing。 I know I'm gonna give you some examples。

So let's take some common shit tests。 common shit test would be， is that your pickup line。

 is that your pickup line。 Now， the reason this is a shit test is she's testing for one。

 if you are being genuine or not or if you're being contrived right She's also testing for whether you have an agenda potentially like if it's a pickup line that means you have an outcome in mind。

 whereasas if it's just some funny thing you came up with。

 you're just living in the moment and being yourself So she's testing for agenda testing for genuineness those kinds of things。

 And if you were to fall into the frame and then debate it be like， well yeah。

 that is that is my pickup line， but I think it's really cool for you know strangers to meet。

 and I think that's fine。 you're justifying yourself。 you're qualifying yourself。

 you look pretty lame So that would be putting yourself in that frame of a pickup line is bad and then trying to argue your way out of it。

 And while you may have a valid argument， you're still arguing， you're trying to make a logical case。

 not an emotional one and from an attraction。Level attraction is an emotional thing。

 you're not going to logic your way there。However， if she says， is that your pickup line？

The implication is， and that would be creepy if it is。

 or that would be bad if it is or that would be weird if it is right。

 but what if the implication was。I asked because it's so impressive。 She was that you pick up my way。

 Whoa， you thought that was clever。 Well thank you。 that's sweet。

 I just kind of came up with it in the moment。 So you're actually answering， no。

 it wasn't my pickup line I came up with in the moment。

 but you're misinterpreting or saying the pickup line is like that must you can't have come up with that on the spot because it's too clever So you're misunderstanding as a compliment and you're in a much better position then if you had accepted the frame and tried to fight your way out of it。

 so that's what you genuinely that's what you generally want to do in the case of a shit test。

 so again， the key thing for a test is understand what the implication is understand can it's hard to do this in field because you won't be fast enough。

 but you can practice out of field get good at it and then you'll be good at in field onces you practiced。

 So what you can do is take any shit test， take any challenge you're given and ask yourself what is the implication。

 What is the thing that's being implied that makes it insulting。😊，SoFor example。

 if ever a girl said you that's a interesting shirt you're wearing right。

 The tonality and and and vibe is saying that's an interesting shirt by and by interesting。

 I mean bad。 But she didn't say by interesting， I mean bad。 literally。

 if you're reading a transcript。 that's an interesting shirt you're wearing is a compliment。

 So the easiest thing in the world to do is to say， oh， thanks， I'm glad you I'm glad you like it。

 I you know， I thought it stood out myself。 take it as a compliment。

 And you're in a much better spot that's misinterpreting as a compliment。 Okay。

 so that's gonna be the easiest way in general to pass the test。

 And it's utilizing that skill of misinterpretation that we just talked about in the the previous video。

😊，There is one other very common way to pass shit test besides misinterpretation。

 And' that's what we call agree and exaggerates。 agree and exaggerate basically what you're doing is you're taking the frame of the shit test that that negative frame she's trying to put you in。

 you're still recognizing it。 But now instead of misinterpreting your way out of it。

 You're now taking that frame to such a logical inclusion that it becomes absurd you're taking it to like to the extreme。

 So for example， another shit test you'll get a lot is do you say that's all the girls again。

 that's similar to is that you pickup line comes from the same kind of idea。

 which is if you that's all the girls it'd be not genuine or contrived or bad in some way But she doesn't say。

 do you say that's all the girls because that would be bad， she says do you say that's all the girls。

 So what you can do is you can take it literally and then just like play with the idea of it。

 you say that do you say that's all the girls。 yes， I say that' to every single I meet。

 It's actually awkward。 It's becoming quite a burden of it it's a 5047， I think547 girls today。

When I said to my grandma， it was weird honestly。 Maybe maybe I should' have said that to her。

 but you're just like you're clearly fucking around。 you clearly are not taking it seriously。

 and you clearly don't care。 And that's one of the keys to passing a shit test is you clearly don't care。

 There's a lot of delivery element here。 If you are given a shit test。

 And you pause and think about it and seem to care a lot about the answer and seem like you're doing a complicated math problem in your head。

 And then you say in a defensive way， the right answer， you fail to shit test miserably。

 It's not about the right answer as much as it about the process。

 You'd be much better off just not having an answer or not caring but but being okay with it。

 then you would having the right answer and seeming to care too much。 Now， the best， of course。

 is when you don't care and have the right answer。 And that's when you get a ton of value out of it。

😡，I will give you one sort of general general shit test pass I don't think this is the best pass。

 this should not be your default or your go to， but hopefully it gives you a little confidence and a little bit of at least in the worst case I have something there's a friend of mine I had in the LA area years and years ago。

And he was a really cool guy。 I did very， very well with girls。

 And he had this thing when a girl would give him a shit test if he just didn't like feel like passing or didn't want to deal with it。

 he'd be like， yeah， I have no response for that。 Can we just be normal now。

 And basically just calling out the fact that the girl saying something a little bit rude and not caring。

 And that was his answer to shit test。 Now， the problem with that one， by the way。

 is you can only really use it once。 use it once per interaction If you start using it over and over again。

 it just looks like you're uncre and can't come up with anything。

 but it is a good default that you can use maybe once。😊，Best solution is。Trust yourself。

 come up with something in the moment。 And then if you absolutely have nothing。

 at least you have that one in your back pocket。 That one technically is not passing the shit test literally You're literally failing the test。

 but you're passing the meta you're passing the shit test by carrying so little that it's not even worth addressing。

 And so that can be another way to go。 again， the idea of test though the frame and the attitude matter a lot more than the words and the other thing that we kind of pointed out there is is you can definitely go meta if you're ever faced with the test that you can't pass on its face。

 you can always ask yourself what's the intention behind the shit test。

 what's the reason behind the test。 What was the thought process behind the test。

 What else could you have thought of instead of the test， all these different implications。

 all these different associations and you can misinterpret or agree and exaggerate with one of those instead of what you were literally given。

 So again， we're coming back to that exercise sex with me is like that exercise misinterpretation and coming up with all the different possibilities。

 enhancing your ability to find creative solutions。 that's。Come in very。

 very handy when passing shit tests in the real world。

