# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：2 - 升级的阶梯 -动作 - 台词_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The first idea I want to mention within this general topic of escalation is this idea of what's called an escalation ladder。

 and what this basically means is it means having a plan。 having an idea of you're at a。

 you want to get to Z。 what are the steps in between and how can you do them What is your plan instead of just kind crossing your fingers and hoping it happens。

 you should have defined steps and in the words of Mike Tyson。

 everybody has a plan until you're punched in the face So your plan probably won't come off exactly as planned。

 but it's still a good thing to have because even as you mess up you're gonna to stumble along in the right direction or even if you get off course。

 at least you know what the courses you're trying to get back to So having a plan is absolutely essential and most guys who don't have a plan end up not escalating then of just going around in circles wasting their time not making progress etc。

 So having a plan is absolutely critical and the easiest way to illustrate this concept of an escalation ladder is through physical escalation So we're going to start there and then I'm gonna go towards how you're gonna use this same exact thing verbally So the idea of a physical escalation ladder。

And I'll give you kind of an example from teaching life programs for years。

There was kind of a very crude and by crude。 I don't mean like rude and inde or anything like that。

 I mean crude is in like not very refined。 very crude sort of a format we used to use for physical escalation。

 and it was a series of very big physical moves。 So one would be like it's called a handshakepan。

 shake the hand and you spin the girl around like you're dancing with her。 So it's a very big move。

 Another one is like hugging the girl and picking her up So these are very obvious。

 very blatant moves。 And that's good and bad。 The reason it's good is that it's very clear if you're doing them。

 So as you're learning that can be useful aid And that's why we would teach that way， is that。

 you know very clearly if you did that move， whereas if it's like lightly brush your arm against outside of her leg。

 maybe you did it， maybe you didn' maybe it's an accident， Maybe she noticed it etc。

 So for someone learning in someone who's nervous about escalating。

 you want to do something that's very clear big bold moves that they know they're doing For guys that get more experience。

 I don't recommend sticking with those big moves。want you to actually become more subtle over time。

 And so at the same time as I was teaching students to do these steps and I had learned kind of through big steps myself at the same time why I was in a place in my learning progression where my actual escalation steps were much more subtle much more intimate。

 much more muted， not something you could see from across the room。

 So that's kind of the progression with physical escalation。

 but what you would want to do is you'd want to have maybe put five steps and then you want to arrange them from what is the least aggressive。

 least risky， least escalated to what is the most kind of scary risky escalated move and then you're going to put them in order and you're gonna whenever you've done step1。

 you want to then do step 2 and step 3 and step4， step5 and by the time you've done step5。

 you're basically like kissing the girl or doing something that shows its a very mandawo so that's the idea is you have this sequence of events that you're trying to make happen。

 And at any point you know where you are in the sequence。

 And obviously you're not going to always do that exact escalation。

 sometimes you'll skip a step sometimes you'll get hung up on a step for a while。

 sometimes you'll get some。Reaction to a step when you have to back off and do some other things。

 But in general， you have a rough roadmap of where you are going。

 Okay so how does that relate to verbal game Well， we've been talking throughout this program about the different stages of interaction goes through stages like opening starting the interaction whether it's a cold approach or a girl you're meeting casually or through a friend somehow some way the conversation has to start So there's some kind of an open。

 some kind of initiation of the communication then you have premise something that's indicating that thiss amanda woman conversation。

 not a sales pitch， not just a casual friendly thing。

 not just a tuidative exchange between strangers So there's premise then there's evaluation。

 this getting to know the person and find out if there's someone you actually like and kind of letting them jump through hoops and letting them when you over a little bit there's narrative which we talk about a lot with blueprint and telling a story and that kind of stuff and then there's closing。

 And so in the same way that you're gonna have this physical escalation ladder potentially this thing than this thing than this thing than this thing and they're getting more and more escalated and more and more risky you're gonna have the same thing。

Vbally so you're going to start with you know you'll have maybe a couple ideas。

 one or two ideas of things you can say that are opening lines that can start a conversation and you're gonna to start with one or two of those or maybe you have one of those and maybe have a backup then you're gonna have a few things you can say maybe two。

345 things you can say that will establish premise that you know work that you've used before anything you come up with in the moment is going be probably better because it's gonna to be calibrated as the moment going to come from you uniquely as long as it fits that same kind of part of speech of that same function in the conversation So you in the realm where you need to say something that is preacy that is manda woman in nature and you come up with something organically that fits that that category by all means say don't resort to your canned lines the can lines are good replacements good substitutes arere things to have as a plan or something to fall back on but anything that organically fits the same mold by all means use it but in any case you're going make sure you do a few things that are in that category and then you're going to know you need to move on to the next category。

 the next category， the next category。Of course， it's not always going be smooth。

 but you are going to have a plan。 so I want you to have this idea of an escalation ladder verbally as well and by the way。

 just to round out the idea fully you're gonna to have an escalation ladder logistically too you have an idea of the places you want to move step by step to end up at a place where you can be intimate with a girl So what I suggest you do actually is set up maybe I don't know maybe 10 things you could say verbally that fit this kind of linear progression through an interaction so maybe one or two things you could say that are things you could open with and then maybe two。

 three， four things that you could say that are things that are that you could use to establish amanda woman vibe in a good positive way then you want to do a few things you could use to test the girl to evaluate her and then a few things you could use to close the narrative stuff's a little more free form focus on that too much right now in terms of escalation but having some narrative ideas i。

e。 go to stories i。e。you'd like to have come up I。e。 things you'd like to convey about yourself。

 all of those things are useful as well。 So having a plan and actually outlining it right and again。

 you're never， at least you shouldn't ever exactly follow your plan but knowing that's there will be helpful both in terms of if you've ever lost and need to know what to do next and also for the confidence of knowing that you won't get lost because you do have a roadmap as you have certain lines that have worked before you can use them as go tos So in my own game most of what I say to a particular girl is something I've never said before。

 most of it's spontaneous in the moment but there are probably on average。

 maybe five or 10 things I'll say in an interaction that maybe I have said before and I'm saying again because they work they're in the same situation where it worked before or because I don't really know how else to achieve that particular part of the conversation this moment and it's just easy to rely on something that's worked before etc so having a script so to speak having just。

Series of lines that you can use that are going to know to help you move it along is a really good idea。

 And now if you're a beginner， it's okay if that script is very obvious。

 similar to what I talked about with physical escalation it's okay if the moves are big bold moves because it's just important that you do them So it's okay if your way of showing man to woman as a beginner is just to be like you know what you're quite attractive I'm enjoying this。

 that's actually fine as a beginner。 It's actually pretty good because it shows some courage you're not overly awe by it you don't seem like it's a big deal for you。

 but you are willing and able to just give a genuine compliment without it being a big deal that's actually pretty good as a beginner。

 as you get more advanced， I'd want you to be do something a little more challenging be like you know what I'm glad you do you're starting to win me over keep it up something like that that's a little more playful a little more challenging a little more of this idea that she has to win you over and you're the person of higher value as opposed to the person that's completely bought in Think about the things that have work before think about the things you're comfortable saying and it will naturally tend to fit your level anyway but as you get more and more advanced。

 you do want。More and more subtle about this Okay so that's my suggestion to you。

 and I suggest you actually do this as an exercise write out a series of lines you could use from stranger to sex that you could you drop into the conversation periodically as it's becoming more and more intimate and also match them up with these phases。

 which of these are lines that would go during the opening phase。

 which of these are lines that go during the premise phase， the evaluation phase。

 narrative phase as applicable in a longer interaction and then during the close so actually write out some idea of what your verbal game escalation ladder would look like。

