# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：06.多重话题打开（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

One of the most underappreciated tools you have at your disposal for creating attraction and actually getting a girl to hook。

 getting a girl to engage with the conversation is the open loop。

 Basically what an open loop is is when you open a conversational topic you start talking about something。

 but you don't finish it。 You leave it open。 The beauty of this is the more conversation loops you leave open。

 at any time when the conversation goes silent or when certain conversational topic dies。

 instead of just being like， okay， well， there's nothing left to talk about。

 there's still 10 other things to left to talk about that you started on and didn't finish And in fact。

 when you're talking with friends， you have tons and tons of open loops， tons of shared experiences。

 So it feels like you always have something to say。

 So creating multiple threads creating a lot of different things open is very， very useful。😊。

But also not completing a thread specifically when she's interested in hearing more about it is very powerful in terms of getting the girl to chase。

 So， for example， if you're telling a girl ask you a question about herself and she seems really interested in the answer and you're sort like drift off or get distracted in the middle She' be like no wait tell me more Tell me more and what she doing now she's asking you to talk she's actually literally chasing you。

 So open loop is incredibly powerful give you a couple different examples of the open loop。

 one is you know， I just noticed never mind。Right there you're like wait， you just notice what。

 what's going on It doesn't matter。 Maybe I'll tell you later， something like that。

 So' you're setting up this idea there's this cool thing。 And then you're not giving it。

 And it's kind of like if I had a cookie， right， if I have a cookie and you don't know about it。

 You don't want the cookie。 If I have a cookie and I just give it to you。

 you don't want the cookie because you have it。 But if I have a cookie， I show it to you。

 Maybe give you a little taste。 and then I take the rest and put it away。

 Now you're craving that cookie that you just saw and can't have。

 That's the idea you give them something that they're actually intrigued by when you notice they' intrigue。

 you notice they want to chase。 instead of like rushing to give them everything they're asking for。

 hold it back a little bit and make them chase you a bit more。

Another one is to be like kind of vague in terms of your assessment of something。

 maybe they they pick a certain item of clothing， certain type of food。 you go interesting choice。

 right， And the fact use the word interesting choice， not good choice， bad choice。 or I like that。

 like what do you mean interesting is I it good， is it bad。 Are you saying I didn't make know。

 does not look good on me。 So again， that vagueness。

 And the fact that it's about them is very intriguing。

 It's very much likely to make them wonder why it's likely to make them ask。

 And that means they're asking you to keep talking。 They're asking you to continue。

Final one that you can do。 a lot of these are designed to get them asking you questions。

 but you can actually do this， do these open loops when you actually are being asked questions。

 So maybe they ask you a question that's a little bit intimate or maybe something you don't want to talk about this early in the conversation because it's a not lighthearted fun。

 It's a little too much serious。 and it's gonna change the vibe of the conversation Well you don't want to talk about it So you'd avoid it or try and push it off but you can also make it an open loop you can be like you know what I'll tell what I'll tell you in 20 minutes if we still know each other which is great on a lot of levels。

1， you're not that eager to tell something， especially if it's something cool or impressive。

 It's like who's this guy that doesn't want to tell me this thing but also I'll tell you in 20 minutes if we still know each other。

 It means she has to earn it if she still has your attention。

 if you still like her in 20 minutes then maybe you'll get it。

 It's setting this idea that there's a certain standard that has to be met for her to get what she wants and you're the one in charge of the one holding what it is that she wants So open loop massively underrated massively useful。

 Please start incorporate into your game。