# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：2.第二周实战：第二周实战_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

The video I'm about to show is one I think is very interesting in terms of what actually works in game and what is necessary in game。

 see there are two girls they're basically the hottest girls in this particular bar and they know it and they're very animated。

 they're very used to having the attention， they're very used to dictating controlling conversations and they're very high energy。

I， on the other hand， am very low energy in this particular interaction。

 and yet I'm leading they focusing on me。 I have their attention。

 even at times when other guys try and get their attention by being high energy。

 So it's a great example of the difference between energy and value。

 energy and attraction So look at throughout this the different high value behaviors I'm demonstrating on how I'm able to keep their energy。

 despite being very low energy。 So when I'm gaming in a place where there are only a few people there in general。

 like not a ton and there are probably only a few really hot girls。😊。

I only have maybe two or three girls that I want to talk to in a particular venue。

 so rather than go in and just talk to them right away when I get in the venue at maybe an unoptimal time when they're talking to other guys or they're ordering a drink or they're in a high energy moment with their friends。

 because there are only a few girls there， I want to make sure that I do a good approach on those few girls。

And so what I will do is I will assess the situation and approach it a good time rather than a bad time。

 So what I actually do。 and I don't necessarily recommend this for beginners， but for advanced guys。

 it could work。 And this is what I personally do in a venue like that。

 I sort walk into the venue and I am looking around for girls that I find attractive whether or not the situation is good and I'm kind making a catalog in my head of these are the girls I want to approach tonight if it so happens that one of those girls happens to be in an ideal situation as I'm going through and making the catalog of course I'll approach then but most times that's not the case。

 So I'll walk through the venue again for a small venue。

 and I will make a catalog of maybe these are the two or three or four girls that I want to approach。

 and then I will be kind of like know hang out with my friends doing whatever but' be keeping an eye on those particular girls。

 those situations And as soon as I see a good spot for one of those I will go immediately and there's no hesitation because I've already decided I'm gonna them I'm looking for that opportunity And when the time comes I'm gonna be on that really。

 really fast I'm gonna hit that optimal window Anyway happened with these girls I notice them。

 I thought they。😊，Probably the two hottest girls in the bar and they were surrounded by a bunch of guys who are trying to buy them drinks and giving them a lot of attention and stuff like that and also at the time when I first saw them they were blocked off like they were surrounded with the guys on the outside so there was no natural way to open them there was no way to open without making it look really try hard and like I made a serious attempt to open which would come off as needy would come off various agenda who come off very much like a cold approaches happening etc and also there'd be a lot of chaos around these other guys I might be associated with the other guys who were probably not doing a very good job so there's all kinds of reasons to think that that approach is low percentage。

So rather than approach right there， I kept an eye on these girls and I was looking around still for other girls。

 I had just gotten into the bar and it just so happened that a few minutes later。

 these girls came walking by me very fast， going to a more quiet area of the bar and was like， well。

 they're away from the guys， they're going to somewhere quiet， it's a good chance， it's a good spot。

So I actually followed them into this other area of the bar。Then they got to the stairwell。

 and the stairwell is weird， because why would you be on the stairwell。 There's a bar。 There's music。

 There's other stuff。 And then there's like this stairwell。

 And I actually happen to know I' talked to some people earlier and there there is a rooftop in this this bar I actually haven't been to it。

 But I someone told me it was there。 And so when we got to the stairwell in order to make it seem less awkward that I'm following them。

 I commented to my friends about if there was， you know。

 if there was another area this bar or that maybe we should check it out or something like that。

 so it didn't seem weird and creepy that I was in the stairwell。

 So it's just a little thing some people call it supplicating or excusing yourself call it that if you want。

 but I was giving some context so that it doesn't seem weird and creepy。

 It doesn't seem necessarily like I followed them etc ce。 So that's why I did this。

 They may or may not have heard it。If they didn't hear it， obviously there's nothing lost。

 right it's the same as if I'd never said it， if they did hear it。

 it might make a tiny bit of difference， so it's just one little detail to avoid being extra low value。

 being try hard， making it too obvious on the open。シ。It's a very smart that。Australia。

So there's my opener oh my goodness right just commenting on the situation。

 commenting on knows who knows what oh my goodness is。

 but it's a comment not about them It's a comment as though I'm just having your reaction to life or the reaction to the situation。

 reaction to the bar who knows what it is， but it just seems very natural。

 The other thing is I do it right away when I get there I don't stand around for like a minute and then walk over I do it as a continuous walk from the top of the stairs。

 Again， these are all little tiny details to make it look like it just happened。はて。

And then they help me here。 they say it's not open right so now they're telling me what my oh my goodness was they're giving me context for my oh my goodness。

 apparentlypparently there's some room that they were checking out that's not open And now in essence。

 they've kind of opened me right I'm like oh my goodness I' like it's not open。 they addressed me。

 So this is great this is actually really good way better than if I had to open them So there's this stereotype of Americans in Europe that is not entirely positive right Europeans get Americans get a bit of a hard time in Europe and so when I'm like fair enough and kind of roll my eyes。

 what I'm doing is I'm giving them a little bit of a tease a little bit of a hard time about being American but not in an obvious way in a very subtle way that's not actually insulting to whatever extent there is an insult there that's an insult they're making themselves but it's very likely they're going to feel judged it's very likely they're going to qualify themselves or what's very likely they're gonna have a reaction。

Not American as well it's just like you're very obviously American right I'm American as well。

 as in it's okay but it's just you're very obviously American right so again I can be American。

 nothing wrong with being American， but then being obviously American again is intriguing。

 it's a little bit incisive it's gonna capture their attention just a little bit offended but if she's offended by her country Well。

 that can be teased on as well so I'm teasing her on the reaction to my teas。我唔。系到家。

So now they're just like kind of rambling and justifying themselves and I'm just kind of just sitting and chill。

 they've already reacted to me， they already sort of opened me。

 they're kind of committed a little bit to this location I believe they have their drinks sitting on this little ledge so I don't have to do much right instead of being in this mode of like let me keep them engaged。

 let me keep their attention up， let me keep them focused on me if they're already talking and they're already committed to location they're not going anywhere。

 oftentimes it's better to do less and be less try hard。I like to imagine what。I put on her。

 I I put it on her， it's not hurt。So I like the matching look by the way。

 it's just making conversations so to speak it's kind of almost so obvious you can't not comment on it and it's kind of actually not the best really just because almost every's gonna comment on that。

 however， at least I didn't do it as an opener， at least they open me and I'm in a better situation so not quite as bad and it is something they're obviously going have some kind of reaction to or some kind of comment on because they didn't do this unintentionally。

tried all of them， tried all of them and I don't like any。

'm sotrigu so here what you're going to see over the next little bit it's a lot of them talking a lot。

 talking quickly to each other talking quickly to me oftentimes one of them is going to throw something at me at the same time is the other one。

It's just too much stimulus。 It's too much to really react to。

 And a lot of guys will try and respond to all of it。

 or a lot of guys will like fall into the girls' frames and just start agreeing with them or following their thing。

 What I'm gonna to do is I'm just gonna， when there's too much going on at once。

 I'm actually instead of speeding up and trying to react。 I'm just gonna take it slow。

 stand in like be calm， be relaxed， not care and let them talk it out amongst themselves。

 let them get to a point and then I'll maybe respond to that point。

 Also when there's three or four different subjects out there。

 I'm not gonna try and respond all of them。 I'm going to respond to the1 I like the most。

 And a lot of my responses are going to be a little bit teasing a little bit kind of。

Provocative in a way， right， So something that's teas on what they said。

 something that's a comment on them that might get a reaction。

 Sometimes it won't even be related to what they're saying。 Sometimes they're。

 and then I'll say my own independent thing。 So the point is。

 I'm very grounded and I'm very much saying what I want to say and say and responding to things I want to respond to I'm not getting too caught up in every little detail of what they're doing。

And then here obviously the misinterpretation of you know they have these drinks they' trying to offer me like what did you do to these drink are you trying to roofing me。

 I'm taking the frame that they're hitting on me， they want to roofing me rather than the other way around and these girls are actually going to respond to that frame they're going to go along with the frame which is positive but it is also a form of frame control as well So sometimes when the girls take your frame and they really。

 really run with it and make it their own that can be difficult to deal with and sometimes when girls are very they're gonna to talk about roofing and stuff like that。

 sometimes when girls are very sexual upfront that can be hard to deal with too because you don't know exactly what to do if you're very sexual yourself。

 you look thirsty and idiot like oh shit girl with sexual me let me get sexual back。

On the other hand， if they're sexual and you seem nervous or awkward about it。

 then you seem like a guy who doesn't get laid。 So it is actually a form of shit test that's actually very common。

 especially with younger type of girls who are kind of used to being hot and used to getting reactions from guys。

 You're gonna see kind of all these different dynamics play out of let them talk let them Rable I make my little points。

 my little joke。 and then I chill。Which one I guess there was？It's a pre for all。

I guess I trust you just taste really bad So there's an interesting thing。

 They say where are you from。 And I don't even answer， right， I look over， grab which drink I want。

 chill， tease them a little bit about， you know， which drinks better。

 And I don't even bother answering the question。 Most guys would be like， oh， ask me a question。

 Let me answer right away。 I'll take my time。 Where are you from is not an important question。

 me answering or not answering that question is not gonna make a difference and whether they're attracted to me。

 At least like my answer to its not gonna make a difference。

So why do I have to be in a hurry to answer it， I don't？Right and here theyre I give an answer。

 It's a little bit cocky， but it's mostly like laid back， don't seem to care very much， etc ceter。

 By the way， even though I'm talking about being laid back and not caring very much。

 the things I do say are relevant。 The things I do say are teases are incisive about them are taking on a cocky frame for myself right so the things I'm saying are productive in the interaction。

 I'm just not saying many and I'm taking my time。Its sophisticated。

We what in Colorado what what part of Colorado have you been？

UI grew up in a small town here and that's a little thing I do a lot when girls ask me like bullshit get to know you questions like what part of Colorado or that kind of thing。

Rather than just answer and have it like kill the vibe what part of Colorado， this city， Okay。

 done end of conversation right instead， what part， oh， have you been right's first of all。

 they might start talking and and opening up and continue the conversation should be great。

 But also you challenged them。 A lot of times the girls never been like what part of Colorado。

 And she's just asking as almost like a reflex like a conversational politeness reflex。' like wait。

 have you been and she's like， no， and then you have something to teaseer on right And then you realize and she realizes that she was just trying to make conversation。

 which means she's trying to game you She's you know the more needy one in the conversation。

 those kind of things。It's kind of outside you。喂。我理个。Pio ski， it's been a while。

 but you live in Colorado， the price right whatever。I'm sorry。

 I'm not as like cautious and sophisticatedphistic。So again， a lot going on。

 the one girl trying asking me about skiing， the other girls asking about the drink when I said the drinks not bad she like cringes at me And so I'm teasing her back about know being too po sophisticated about her drinks。

 But again， there's multiple conversation threads， multiple things being thrown at me。

 I'm just picking and choosing。 I'm not trying to keep up with all of it。

 If you notice who's moving less in this interaction。 I'm moving less than them。

 And I don't have to do a lot to keep them engaged because they're not going anywhere right now。

 They're standing， I'm the only person to talk to it。

 not like someone else is gonna come distract them。 The drinks are there。

 they're not leaving without their drinks， even if they do claim they don't taste good。

 So I do not have to do a lot。 And in not trying to do a lot again， it makes me look less needy。

 And ironically， here's the funny thing。 A lot of guys will try and talk and talk and talk talk really fast to keep the girls's attention。

 Iically slowing down and not caring， makes you look higher value。

 which is actually what's gonna keep her attention what are your names I'm asking the names because I'm trying to normalize this。

 This conversation is just going a mile a minute。der for it to actually be productive。

 I need to bring it down in energy a little bit。 And I need to be in a situation where I can lead if theres that's gonna be hard。

 So I'm trying to normalize it just a bit。 there's been some flirtation。

 There's been some some positive things。 The banters decent， although too fast。

 But I'm just trying normallyize。 That's why I ask their name。 But then when she goes。

 like she's not gonna give her name。 typicaly hotg behavior acting like her name is some huge prize or something like that。

 And then they'll either be like， I don't my name or they'll'll give some like fake party names or something like that。

 So as soon as I notice it， what do I do never mind Don't care never mind I'm over it。

 don't need your name because I'm not gonna get sucked into their games。

 I'm not gonna get sucked into their frames。My name is。I'm chill， I don't care。 And in otherwise。

 where you here with， she's actually gaming me separately。 So now we have， you know。

 two different frames。 One is them giving， giving into my frame and actually telling their name which they weren't going to。

 The other girl simultaneously is now gaming me name。Just。She， she's hesitating。

 So I was gonna say my name。 She's like， my name is I'm like。

 my name is a tremendous load of bullshit or something like that。 Or my name is a tremendous。

 you know， ridiculous liear or something like that is I was gonna say。 But she sees it coming。

 She sees I don't care。 She sees I see through the lie。

 And so then I actually get a real answer actually get the real names。

 And they're gonna be more down to earth with me。😊，time Tyler Todd。

 why did I hear T Why you even here Could you hear Tyler， I heard Tyler？

mean I travel and never see each other again And that's all irrelevant。

 Like it doesn't matter what my name is at this point。 I mean， eventually if we're gonna get along。

 I would like them to call me the right name tonight， But for now， it doesn't matter， right。

 And it's kind of funny again because if I were to let them call me the wrong name and be annoyed by it。

 I would be falling into their frame。 If I would be like， no， no， no， this is my name。

 this is my name and I care。 I would also be falling into their frame。

 So what I just have to do is I'll tell them my name。 But I also have to mostly not care。

 And this frame。 I really like this frame。 I'll use this on a lot of details early on， which is。

 look， we're just strangers we'll probably never see each other after tonight anyway。 So who cares。

 It's a great frame for， for being b for not caring。The first one is really good。

 the second one horrible， just chuck it。Are you going try？You just said you don't want to hire those。

So here they're talking amongst themselves and I'm just letting it slide。

 I'm letting it be and in this case I think that's the right thing to do because it's still a conversation that's about what's going on right now it's a conversation that I'm equally as involved in as they are and I think that's fine in fact trying to interject into the conversation all the time and having to hold their attention all the time actually would look needy。

There's a great phrase I really like。 This says if you can't put your power down and pick it back up。

 you never had it in the first place。 So if you can't relinquish their attention a little bit and get it back。

 you never really fully had their attention in the first place。 So in this case。

 I think it's good to let them talk。 However， there are a lot of cases where it would be very bad to let them talk。

 And those would be the cases where the conversation starts veering in a bad direction。

 So if it starts veering onto a topic that's very bad for you。 like religion， politics。

 political correctness， those kind of topics definitely try and interrupt that and keep it from going that direction。

 Also， if they start talking about someone who's not present in the conversation that only they know that starts becoming more and more conversation。

 you can't participate in。 So if they start checking out some text from some dude。

Interrupt that shit quick if they start talking about someone who's not present in general。

 interrupt that quick， if they start gossiping about some random thing that you don't know about。

 interrupt it quick， not always， but sometimes especially early on。

 if they speak a different language and they start talking in that language that you're excluded from and can't understand。

 interrupt quick， although not always in that case you have to decide whether they're talking about you in which case let it sit。

 it's just if they're talking about random gossippy stuff that's off topic。

But as long as you're essentially involved in the conversation。

 it doesn't matter that they're talking and not engaging you so much。

And so now what they're doing is another typical hot grill frame control tactic is talking about other guys hitting on them。

 talking about other guys buying them drinks， talking about how like other guys finding them hot。

 different things like that in this case they're complaining about other guys And so there's sort of like asserting a frame too and a lot of guys what they would do is just agree with them like oh that's weird I would never do that there's a lot of opportunity to go wrong here there's a lot of opportunity to try and set yourself apart。

 there's a lot of opportunity to try and fall into their frame etc etc but I'm gonna not do that obviously。

tos awkward then notice how when I don't react a lot， what happens。

 they keep reengaging me So instead of me reengaging， Hey where are you from， What's your deal。

 They're doing all to me because I'm not committing so hard， I'm not being try hard。

 And so you know in essence in order fill that void whenever there's something to say they're the ones gaming me like And so now they're asking if I have any friends。

 And this is another sort of frame control test kind of thing that can happen。

 it's a little not super。 can be considered a little weird to be in a bar by yourself。

 It's not a problem if you are as long as you have a decent reason for it。

 typically attractive people tend to be out with people rather than by themselves more often than not And so it's better to have friends。

 Also I happen to be meeting them in this weird sketchy like。

Hallway place right so I'm basically justifying why I'm there and why I'm not with my friends if I have friends like why would I be in this hall all by myself and not with my friends at the bar and so I'm saying oh yeah I thought there was a roof etc ce which I did and it so happens that they happen know where it is and it so happens that they're open to show me there so now they're essentially going to pull me right or not pull me but they're essentially going to venue change me within the club。

不是。And then I'm like yeah okay sure why not as and I'm just agreeing to it。

 but then notice when we start walking， I don't follow them。

 I lead rights it's a subtle thing obviously I don't know where we're going and they are technically leading me there but it does make it look and feel like I'm not just trailing along in their world right and the idea was the rooftop was in my idea in the first place right so why not why wouldn't I lead？

Okay。I was told them for the worst。Tyler here's another example。

 like they're yelling and shouting and getting my name wrong and getting my name right and whatever。

 right？Should I interrupt No need。 Absolutely no need to。

 because why they're directly talking about me。 I can't possibly be more involved in the conversation than to have them talking about me。

 So again， I don't have to force engagement。 I can just let them do their thing as long as they're kind of orbiting around me as a topic。

😡，ylers I know， but I don't like no。埋。I got in a plane and this is where I stopped。

So asking me these questions why are you in London。

 is how many times by the way have they asked this question， This is a kind of interesting point4。

 five， six times they've asked this question before I finally answer it。

 I'm clearly not so eager to answer all their questions。

 I'm clearly not just following in everything they're doing。

 And the fact that they have to ask multiple times。

 it definitely like makes them seem more interested makes them seem like they're chasing me more。

 And then my answer because like they're giving kind of bullshit answers too they're engaging a lot。

 but they're engaging a lot on bullshit。So you why are you in London， I could be like， you know。

 I'm here for a little bit of business or a little bit of pleasure。 I have some friends。

 And that's one boring。 But two， it's way too invested。 right， It's like。

 I care way too much about explaining things to them。 So instead， what do I say。

 I give them like the the bullshit funnyny answer。 You， I was on a plane。 this is where it stopped。

 So I had to get out， right。It's as good an answer as any。

 right because they don't care why I'm in London just yet。

What they care about is making conversation with me， having my attention。

 they're finding me interesting and attractive， but the facts of my life have nothing to do with that yet。

They decided to land here。No， no， no， I work I make。だ。あこ。So now we're settlet into a location。

 And now I'm gonna try and be a little more real。 and I'm gonna try and take the conversation back and make it more about them。

 And I'm also calming it down， slowing it down。 So now I'm kind of cold reading them a little bit。

 getting just just some info on them， but in a kind of an interesting challenging way。

 And then she gives this answer we just met， which is。😊，Almost certainly bullshit。

 It's just too weird。 Like two girls dressed pretty much the same who have like same look seem like like same behaviors。

 So like likely same area of the country。 those kind of things travelinging together happened to meet randomly in London and they're American。

 It just no， it just doesn't make sense。 it fails the smell test。 So I again。

 just call it out as bullshit。 probably with like just a look， just give them look like。

 please don't lie to me girl， right， But it's important。

 It's important that I'm not just falling into their B S frames。 was No。

 We both I notice when I give them the look or whatever。 Then they like， no， no， no。

 here's the real answer， etc cetera。 And they back down really quickly。 Soar I should and。

 you're not very good liars。 I believed it for a second， though。RightAgain。

 just pointing out I like the bullshit doesn't impress me， right。

 tone it down because what these girls do again， it's a lot of high energy kind of like blah bh bh bh bla。

 bla， bh，shit and guys just get caught up in it guys get swept up in it。

And you're actually going to see that in a minute when there's another guy that's going to try and talk to them and you're going to see how they deal with him。

 they do the same sort of tactic And here they're talking amongst themselves。

 but I they're actually technically talking to me， but they're talking about themselves。

 which is good and they're basically qualifying themselves， explaining themselves。

 explaining themselves， explaining themselves， which is a really good thing。 I think it'strigu。

I think it's intriguing， she says about herself， that's the type of stuff someone else is supposed to say about you。

 right？俾个先。You seem okay you seem a little crazy but sweet All right， so right here。

 the girls like me， yes， they're at least attracted intrigued to talk to me。

 but I need to pick a target and it's kind of interesting because the one standing currently closest to the camera was the one I initially saw and thought I wanted to talk to and I think she has like a slightly better body。

But the other one of the further away one is， I think has a cuter face and also seems a lot more normal and cool。

 like she's being the less annoying of the two。 And so I would rather she be the leader of the set。

 I would also rather she be the one that I end up with at the end of all this。

 And so here's where I'm going to pick targets。 However。

 because I was unsure I kind of did a tease on both of them， I didn't fully just tease only one。

 if if I really knew my target， I would be very nice and polite and positive with one and then a lot more teasing with the other in this case。

 I teaed them both， but I just tease my target a bit more because I'm keeping both options open as my target。

 this can be useful when both girls are cute or when both girls are potentially interesting because who knows maybe you'll find out in a minute that the one you were targeting has a boyfriend。

 It's nice to be able to switch in those kind of cases。 So I'm keeping my options open。

 but I am starting to pick a target crazy's what everyone's been saying like the。欢迎。

I wouldn't say crazy。 I just say slightly slightly dangerous。

 not fully take 30% slightly dangerous30% I I'm the fun one but that's So notice here they seem to be very into what I'm saying。

 They seem to care a lot about what I'm saying and they're getting very， very engaged with it。

 and in particular， the one who is I'm targeting is the one that's having more reactions seeming to get more intrigued by all of it。

 you're the crazy one' change it fun one。 I think I think the psychopath and the crazy make fun。Sure。

 like together， we're that's what's called qualifying themselves。 like like relationship Okay。

 so now we have an issue though。 So this is all going really well。 I pick my target。

 But now some other random guy from some other random group is commenting on their attire。

 And this will happen a lot when girls are dressed in a way that gets attention。 So he's coming， oh。

 you guys plan that didn't you， etc ceter。 And this guy is some drunk guy。 He probably has no game。

 But the problem is， it is engaging。 The problem is， he's。

 I've brought the energy down to a low energy level。 I'm holding them there。

 but he's gonna come in and be more high energy。 And so in a sense。😊，Unless I'm very engaging。

 he could become the shiny thing。 The other issue is that he is with a group。 He's not by himself。

 and there are two of them。 So potentially there are multiple people that could be engaging them and potentially getting their attention。

 I have to try and compete with all that。 So what I'd really I was gonna try and bring a wingman into this eventually。

 But I wanted to pick my target a little further and have them get to know me a little bit more first。

Having this happen though， I now would wish I'd have a wingman a lot earlier right so I would like to bring someone in I'd like to have the numbers work out and get their attention a lot of times if you're dealing with yourself and two girls and then two guys。

 even if the girls like you more， the fact that it's two and two and the fact that they can have one on one conversations。

 the fact that both of them could go home and get laid potentially。Oftentimes the better number。

 the better ratio will actually trump the better game。

 so this is kind of a dangerous situation for me， even though the guy is not necessarily showing the best game。

 at least he's being engaging and the girl is responding so that is problematic。

To get attention we wanted Notice how the girls are interacting with him。

 though they're not interacting on this like serious way。

 they're interacting with this like bullshy way。 like they would never actually be saying we did to get attention if they were trying to impress him at all。

 So in a way， it's sort of like almost seems like they're making themselves low value to him。

 but what they're really doing is just not giving a shit they're giving less shits than him obvious。

Like not obvious， it was casual， it's a casual thing。た前ますね。Your accent Yeah。

 we got ready in like a five by five play room So again they're just like they're just throwing BS this guy's direction right and they've probably heard this same line like four or five times tonight already and they're engaging with him but they're just seeing if he can keep up if he can handle sort of like the banter in BS and whatnot and it was completely accident we got ready we're all wearing。

はい。あド那个ご这。Maybe just walk out of the hotel or like you And so again。

 I'm higher value than him because I'm trying less。

 The only problem is he is being more engaging than me。 So even though I'm higher value。

 if he's engaging enough at some point I may have to reopen and may lose some of my value in doing it。

 which I would prefer to avoid。I'tAnd see this guy's like Lame。

 He just has the one topic of conversation。 and keeps going on this one topic as all he can think of He's like oh。

 he got a reaction， let me keep hammering on it， hammering on it and the conversation just getting boring more and more and more boring。

 But if this guy actually had game and got a decent reaction when he was with his friends and just yelled over and didn't seem needy that actually could really go somewhere。

 So again， it is a dicey situation。Offficially ridiculous。We。

All right and where are your friends right so now they're like reengaging me， which is kind of cool。

 It's a bit of a shit test。 where your friends， but they are reengaging me and in fact， I mean。

 I think they both would like would prefer to be talking to me than this guy So the one that's talking to this guy is like where your friends i。

e。 can I meet some of your friends can you find a better guy for me than this etc。

 And it just so happens that because I have you know the guy filming me and someone next to him I do have a friend I can call over so that's what I'm gonna do in just a second？

😊，We just like to have fun， very friends actually。Oh， you know so。But randomand。

 is my girlfriend from San Diego？How are you。And then now he's in here and honestly this is a little earlier than I would have liked。

 but now that he's in here assuming you know they're gonna have like the moment of energy of the moment of new person coming in etc ce but once that comes down and once we can get into one on one conversations a lot of good things can happen from here and I'll show you just a little montage of what did happen from there on。

 I'm not going to go into too much detail of it because' it's not relevant to the lesson for this particular week but big takeaways are notice how in spite of me being the lowest energy person in the conversation。

 I became the focal point I became the center and why is it because even though I'm being low energy I'm being high value I'm not qualifying myself。

 the things I say although there aren't that many of them are engaging So I say one thing and then there's a bunch of reaction。

 and then I say another thing and there's a bunch of reaction So even though they're doing most of the talking。

 I'm still the center of what the talking is about and that's what being high value and and being like kind anchor the conversation is all about and notice how。

The things I'm doing here are relating to all the high value traits that we talked about in the lesson。

 like things like being less reactive， being non-ney， implied social proof。

 making things seem like they just happened， etc cetera， etc。

