# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：07.失格_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Fin attraction tactic I'm going share with you is a disqualifier。

 and this is again an incredibly powerful one that is massively underused because most guys are afraid to do it。

 Most guys， as soon as you're in an interaction with a girl that's going well。

 you're scared to lose it because you're not used to being in a lot of interactions with hot girls that are going well。

 whereasas an abundant guy a guy who has a lot of cute hot amazing girls into him is willing to push them away is willing to potentially offend etc and is willing to even put up obstacles to you and her getting together。

 Fun enough， it seems very counterto it if you want you like this girl。

 you want to meet this girl and you're putting up obstacles， how does that work Well。

 if you're putting up obstacles， there's different roles in the conversation if you're the person putting up obstacles。

 it's very likely she's gonna fall into the role of person solving the obstacles Also when someone says things like we wouldn't get along or pushes you away in some way。

 it's a natural inclination to try and revalate yourself or prove yourself and girls will definitely do that a large percentage of the case。

So the disqualifier again， it's not an insult。 It's not saying there's anything wrong with the person。

 It's just saying there's something wrong with the person for you or something incompatible for you You would never you're ugly is not disqualifier。

 It's an insult， be like you're not quite my type is a disqualifier。 be like you're very attractive。

 but you're not my type。 In fact， it's a compliment but it's a disqualifying compliment。

 So that's the idea of disqualifier， not an insult， but it's about your personal relationship。

 It's disqualifying sex from。 disqualifying you guys from getting together putting up obstacles that again might frustrate her and make her want to solve them。

 especially if it's done at the right time in the right way。 So some examples of disqualifiers。

 Most old school one ever that gets used a to is amazing is you and I would not get along or I'm not so sure we would get along。

 Anything about youre not getting along。 Anything about you're not having chemistry etc。

 That theme absolutely useful， absolutely great。 And again。

 it's not that you're a bad person is that we wouldn't get along。 You can even couch you're amazing。

 you're great。 I just don't know we。y't compatible right it's very frustrating imagine if a girl you like said that to you like a hot girl that seems to like you've been talking to her for a while。

 she said that to you like， wait， what do you mean not compatible what we seem very compatible to me It's that same reaction you're going potentially get from a girl。

😡，Here's another one that I really like。 This actually， I have to give credits。 This one。

 this was created by a student on one of my immersion programs， kind of kind of by accidents。

 but we we we created it as a line in the program。 But the way it works。

 you basically she says something you just like go look at her like like as if you're not impressed。

 you should go do better。😊，Right， do better。 I'm not impressed by that。 You didn't impress me。

 And this is great If， for example， the girl has been not qualifying herself。

 She's been holding her frame， being like， you know， a little bit， you know。

 playing hard to get that sort of thing。 And then she finally does qualify herself to。

 But it's kind of a lame qualifier or it's kind of a halfas attempt or like a B S attempt。

 You'd be like just like do better。 right very powerful in terms of taking a small qualifier and making me a bigger qualifier。

 very powerful in terms of showing you' willing to walk away， showing you have standards， etc ceter。

 So thats that's actually a really good line as well。😊。

And then here's another one which is giving some kind of real objection right So saying like if maybe I take a girl home is like I have to get saying to her。

 I have to get up early in the morning I。e。 giving a reason why sex might not happen or one that I'll do with a girl's location I'll say you're kind of a geographically undesirable friend as in you live too far away from me we could never be friends no it's like 15 minutes it's not that far and now again。

 she's trying to prove that it get along， she's trying to win you over once you're in that frame where she's trying to prove it would work for you to get together you're in a very。

 very good place。