# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：8.心态 胜利（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The final mentality I want to impart to you is the idea that every single approach you do is a win。

 And I don't mean every approach is a win because the girl's gonna love you're gonna to go home with her and she's gonna to become your girlfriend。

 But I mean every approach is a win， because you will be better off in your life from having done it。

 And if you are smart， that will be the case。 because every single time you do an approach either you're gonna get success and get a new girlfriend。

 which is great， or you're gonna mess up， but you're gonna to learn from it， which is great。

 or things won't go well， but it will be fun and interesting， youll get a good story。

 a good fun experience out of it， which will be great， right。

 So either way you're either going to get a result or you're going to learn something or you're going to have an experience。

 all of which are wins， And every single approach should be a win。 In fact。

 this mentality is so useful not just for the approach but for game in general。

 that one exercise I give to students a lot， especially students that have kind of like negative thought loops and things like that。

 As I tell them after every approach you have to come back to me， And you have to tell me what。😊。

Was good about that approach。 And sometimes it can be that the girl smiled。

 Sometimes it can be that they set a witty line。 Sometimes it can be that the girl rejected them so hard that it like was shocking and they're still alive and that just desensitized them to a rejection。

 But every single approach should be a positive in your overall learning a game。

 And if you make that the case。 if you make it So every approach is a positive。

 you're going to learn pretty fast and really consistently。

 And in a way that's really affirming of game in the process is gonna keep you having fun。

 keep you wanting to go out and game and learn。 So this idea that every approach is a positive。

 or at the very least， you can draw a positive and draw something that's long termm beneficial to you out of every single approach is a great motivator to keep you approaching。

 So I'd like to take this mentality， I can't think of a single approach I ever done that was like a you know a fully negative approach that I couldn't draw anything from。

 So every approach is a win。😊。