# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：16 - 何时不升级 - 过渡期_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next point that you typically don't want to escalate much。

 you want to be very careful about any escalation you would do is during transitional times。

 And this is something you'll see a lot of if you watch the infields for this program in the moments when we are transitioning from a meet to an instant day or we're working towards a pole or something like that。

 you'll see me actually take my foot off the gas in terms of escalation off the gas in terms of gaming moves because in that moment。

 the most important thing is arriving at the next location So for example。

 you meet a girl out in at a mall like outdoor mall or something like that talk to her for a little bit。

 it's going well， you invite her to go for a drink with you and in getting to the drink you have to walk like a block and a half Now obviously you need to talk to during that block and half walk you don't want to block in a half of silence because that's awkward as hell。

 but maybe you've been teasing a little bit flirting a bit during that block and a half you might actually ask just some general get to know you questions or you might just tell some general stories and you might actually back off on the escalation or at the very least you might keep the escalation where it's already been okay。

But you wouldn't try another bold risky escalation move。

 even if it seems like it might be on reason being the risk to reward just isn't there。 Okay。

 so think of it this way in that moment， you're in a winning situation in that moment you're going to the next venue and the next venue is the most important thing going on right That's the most important。

Thing that's going to make a difference in whether you succeed or not in this interaction。

So you want to make that happen now if you take a risk of trying to make out and you're successful。

That may have helped you a little bit。 However， if you were gonna to be successful then there's no reason to expect that five minutes later when you're sitting down at the new venue and you went for the kiss。

 you wouldn't be equally as likely to be successful or even more likely to be successful at that time。

 So the point is while you may achieve something by going for this particular escalation it's likely to be very minor relative to what you're risking which is risking offending her or being too forward and having the instant date no longer happen and also if you were to wait for the instant date that very same escalation might occur more smoothly there than it would have during that transitional period So during these transitions whether it be from meat to instant date or if it is like you're outside a bar you're about to take a go home and you're waiting for a taxi and trying to get a taxi you don't want to be upping the escalation there Now if you're making out with her all night you can still casually make out with her here and there just don't push it further than you have before And if anything maybe back it off to about 80% of where you were before so I'm not saying to drop everything but I am' saying is don't take risks during that period。

Maybe even back off from the existing risks because again， the venue change。

 that transition is way more important than whatever trivial little bit you're going to gain from a little bit of extra physical or verbal escalation in the interval so you want to really ratchet back the risk during that specific time mostly in game most guys don't take nearly enough risk and they need to be more risky but during transitions is one time where that is absolutely not the case。

