# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：6 - 情感匹配胜于逻辑匹配_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

As you're getting to know a girl and adjusting or we're going to use the word from here on calibrating to that particular girl's blueprint。

 calibrating to who that girl is， there are certain traits that are much more important to match up on than others so when you're talking about dating a girl。

 you're talking about an intimate and emotional relationship。Therefore。

 the things that are intimate and emotional are going to be much more important as blueprint matches than things that are logical So a lot of people focus on what they call commonalities right a lot of people in online dating and even online dating sites they try and match you by commonalities oh you play tennis she plays tennis oh you guys will get along or oh you went to a good school she went to a good school okay you guys will get along。

And to an extent there's a logic here because statistically it is a little more probable。

 it is a little more probable when you have that similarity that you may get along。

 so it's not completely misguided， but the literal similarity。

 the literal factual similarity matters less than the emotional similarity or the experiential human similarity。

 so let me give you an example。If there was a man who was a professional soccer player。

 like a top of his game， top world class professional soccer player and a woman who's a world- class professional tennis player。

 they probably have a ton in common ton in common in terms of their experience。

 their commitment to fitness and athletics， they're striving the competitive pressures they're dealing with what they're going through how they can support each other etc so there's probably a really good match there on the other hand。

 you take a woman who is a top levelve professional tennis player。

 same woman and you take a man who plays tennis casually and for fun and he's into it but it's not not that big of a deal for him well number one。

 there's maybe the value issue of she might even literally be better at him than tennis and that might just be a value gap right there but even beyond that it doesn't matter so much that they both play tennis because they're not playing the same game she's playing tennis at a world class level that's a lifelong dedication and she has devoted everything to it and like bends her body to it like it's absolute limit for and the guy is doing it casually。

What matters a lot more is the level of intensity and the attitude around the sport rather than the literal specific sport they play。

Because the attitude and commitment and how they view things and what the meaning of it is to them is what is they're actually going to connect on much more because that's the emotional part。

 that's the experiential part， whereas what the sport literally is， not that big of a deal。Similarly。

 there could be maybe two people who both studied the same thing in school that doesn't mean that they're the same person。

 that doesn't mean that they're gonna to get along just because they studied that same thing if you have someone who studied history in school and is super passionate about it and that's all they love every idea and they love discussing the ideas and you have someone else who studied history because like it was an easy class for them to like get a grade in those people are not going to be compatible whereas you have that person that studied history is passionate about it and you have someone else who studied languages and is passionate about it。

 now that similar academic passion is going to be a much better common ground for them to talk on than the fact that they have this literal similarity of subject matter so focus a lot more on the meaning of the emotional。

 the human elements of what's going on when you're focusing on calibration and similarities and connecting in blueprint focus a lot more on the emotional content rather than the literal logical content It's not important if you like the same type of music as her。

 it's important that you both be passionate about music and art。For example。

