# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：09.接近焦虑：4.生理因素【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The first of the four technical solutions for approach anxiety is a physiological solution。

 physiological。 Physiology basically means almost like the way you're acting in your body。

 I don't know if that's an exact definition， but just take that as what physiology is for now。

 is's the way you're acting and feeling in your body。 And the idea is this。

 A lot of people when they go to go meet girls。 they'll walk around， know。

 in the daytime or walk around the club， like sulking and just in their head and just like very like closed off reserve。

 shy， tentative body language。 Then they'll see the girl。

 and they'll all of a sudden want to be like， oh， now I got to be alpha。

 And that's a very hard transition to make， because again。

 your body is it is a collection of chemicals and molecules and all these things。

 they're all responding， interacting with each other。😊。

And there's all these different sort of hormones and things being released。

 So you're in one state of mind or another state of minds。

 And it's very hard to just snap and change all of that。 It is doable。 It is possible。

 but it's much harder。 It's a lot easier if you're walking around。

 already feeling good about yourself， already feeling good about life。

 already in a positive mood to go talk to a girl and be in a positive mood than it is to suddenly snap yourself into a positive mood at a moment's notice。

 So what I want to encourage you to do is to do various things that can help you to get into a good state of physiology。

 All， and some of these are more applicable to a club situation。

 Some are more applicable to day game。 I'm just gonna run you through some of the options。

 So let's say you're in a nightclub。 What can work for a lot of guys is just go on the dance floor and just start dancing and dancing and dancing and kind of letting loose and letting their body lose In particular。

 if you can dance and stop caring about anybody looking at you Don't dance a little bit and like look around and wonder that look good。

 Just dance and be free in your body and just express。😊。

self without any care of how anybody will think about you。

 that can be a very freeing experience for a lot of people。

 Another one that works well in a loud club or maybe like on your car on the way to the club。

 or if you're just alone before you do an approach， is just literally shout at the top of your lungs。

 Just shout anything at the top of your lungs。 And what that does is a physiological release a lot of times the reason why we're quiet or the reason we don't use our volume properly on an approach or whatever isn't because we're not physically capable。

 it's because psychologically we're restricting ourselves。

 We're afraid of the repercussions And so if you just get your body used to being loud and expansive and just like screaming at the top of your lungs a couple of times。

 you're kind of convincing yourself that it's okay in the world as a safe place and it's not not a big deal And so when when the time comes to go be expressive with a girl。

 you're not holding yourself back， you're not reserved， etc。

 And just that physical action of being expansive Spea of being expsive even the physical action of just yawning。

Just doing that， just having a good yawn and releasing the muscles， Re some tension can work。

 That's not something I personally ever overtly tried to do。

 But when I was in my early days of doing cold approach。 I found that I would do something like that。

 A lot of times if I was feeling a little nervous。 I was gonna to do an approach。

 I would actually yawn or stretch out on the way over to do the approach。

 It it's something that was just a learn behavior because it worked And it helped me to be in a more relaxed。

 better mood right before doing the approach。 Another routine I had before I do approach。

 I had two other ones that I would do very early on in my pickup career。

 I don't really do them anymore more because I don't need them。

 But what I would do is I'd just take a nice， deep inha， just like。😊，Just a nice leg。Deep inhale。

 fill up， like， feel good and just kind of like put your chin up。

 put your nose up a little arrogance even like。Just that。

 And I would do that right on the way to do an approach。 The other 1 I would do sometimes。

Just clap my hands and then go do the approach。 obviously。

 if the girls's right next to you don't want to clap your hands and then approach。

 there's practical concerns。 But if you see a girl 50 yards away， man， here we go， right。

 just get yourself jazzed up。 And there is something to all this physiology。

 There's a reason when people play sports that they'll like get in huddle and jump up and down and scream。

 There's a reason people highfi and chest bump。 It's because physiology does affect the way you go through life。

In a sort of a longer term sense， having better physiology actually can confer health benefits。

 and it can confer things to your self image。 There's this phenomenon that's called the winner effect。

 which basically is if you win at one thing， it will make you more bold and daring at the next thing。

 And that's an evolutionary thing。 right if you're used to losing and losing and losing。

 then you're not gonna step up and put yourself on the line because you're afraid if you're used to winning and winning and winning。

 you feel like you have value in the environment， you feel like you can step up and do the next thing。

 So one one good thing is do a lot of things you can win at。

 And and also find the wins in the things you're doing。 And that's sort of a psychological thing。

 The physiological thing though， is take on the physiology of a winner。

 start walking around and just walk around with your chest a little higher。 walking around with like。

 you know， a good a good posture about yourself。 or when you're doing game。

 instead of just sulking around between approaches， why not strut a little bit。 Why not just like。

 know， strut around， act like you're the shit， right couple exercises that I've given people in the past that。

😊，Along these lines。1 is， I have them walk around and they walk around good body language strut a little bit。

 And the thoughts are I don't give a fuck what anybody thinks about me。

 I don't give a fuck what anybody thinks about me。 just like repeating that in your head。

 even out loud if you wanted to， just getting that physiology and getting yourself a little bit pumped up。

 Another one that's really silly that I've had people do with great effect。

 And I don't suggest this is a long termm solution。 But it's it good every now and again。

 or short termm solution。 is I'll tell someone， they have to actually physically skip。

 like do a emotion of skipping， like skipping up to the girl。 And then when they get there。

 then approach。 And the great thing about that is two things。 Numb one， skipping is again。

 expansive and like very animated。 But number two， once they've skipped up to the girl。

 there is zero fear of embarrassing themselves because they've already done the most embarrassing thing they're gonna do。

 And so it just freeze them to really express themselves and do some positive things。

On a more low key way， if you don't want to make a huge scene。

 Another one that I'll do sometimes or that I've had students do sometimes is go find a mirror。

 look at yourself in the mirror， and you're allowed to smile， smirk or wink。

 And only that you go for a minute or two and you're only allowed to smile， smirk or wink。 And again。

 you're adopting the body language of a confident person。

 You're adopting the body language of someone who's winning at life。

 And there's this natural feedback loop。 you adopt the body language because you're winning。

 but you win because you adopt the body language。 So there is some value in starting that feedback loop in a positive way。

 even before there are any actual events to base it on。 So that's the physiology solution。

 get your physiology right， it can make a massive difference。 It certainly can help you。

 And it certainly never gonna hurt you。 Having good physiology。

 is certainly just gonna help you in anything in life。 So why not do it。

 so get your physiology right。 It'll help you in life。

 It'll also it has a good chance at least for a lot of people of helping you with your approaches and you approach anxiety。

😊。