# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：6 - 场地升级 - 见面地点_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The first of the four venues is the meet venue， meaning the place where you meet the girl in the first place。

 and obviously there are differences here there's a difference between meeting a girl at work。

 meeting a girl walking through the park or meeting a girl at a nightclub or meeting a girl online and there's probably know50 other place you could meet a girl as well they're all slightly different but there are some general characteristics of the meet venue you should have in mind。

 First of all， the meet venue is probably the most public place that you're going to be with the girl early in your relationship Most likely she has friends there。

 possibly you have friends there。 there might be people that could judge her。

 there might be people that have some sway over her life or her future i。e。 like coworkerworkers。

 a boss things like that， her social circle that might judge her things like that。

 So there's a lot more social consequence in the meet venue oftentimes than there are in these other venues。

 and this is actually one of the main reasons you want to get from the meet venue to somewhere else to an isolated venue where it can be one on one。

To a date venue， type of thing，a， but what do you need to do。

 given that there are more people around and there's the possibility of judgment？Well。

 in terms of what you'd like to convey your main goal in the meet venue is to get the interaction to a better venue that's the number one most important goal because once you're in a better venue you fundamentally can act in different ways that are going to be more conducive to things progressing more naturally and going forward a lot better but in the meetup venue in a public place in a place where there's potential judgment etc。

 you want to mostly be friendly and cool I had a student on one of my programs years ago who was actually he's a virgin but he was in college and he basically he was in a fraternity and he had walked home from a party。

Almost every hot girl in his college that was in the sorority you fraternity Greek system and the reason was he was so non-threatening。

 he was so nonthreatening and the girl's friends were completely comfortable sending the girl home with him to like he'd go home and like tuck them in oftentimes he even be invited to just sleep over in the bed next next to her and he never made a move never took a risk。

 it was coming from the place of not knowing how to escalate， not knowing what to do。

 it actually was hurting him and it was really making him just be treated like like a safe little brother but you can see how even having a situation or a reputation or a series of behaviors that is not particularly arousing or triggering attraction could definitely lead to some very good scenarios that could be capitalized on to actually lead to a lot of sex and a lot of relationships and that's an extreme example of a guy who's not doing anything in the meet venue other than being fun。

 cool， safe and being。Able to then be put into a lot of really good situations Now that's a very hard thing to create and it also comes from social reputation。

 so if you did start hooking up with the girls， you'd lose that reputation very quickly but the point I'm making is that it is very possible to just get from one venue to the next and have that be productive even if you haven't achieved much in terms of getting closer to sex or building attraction in that venue and in the meet venue that is very much the case you want to be fun you want to be cool and you want to get to a one on one conversation if you can flirt a little bit great if you can tease and get the girls's friends on your side and wanting her to be with you and seeing value in you that's so much the better but the main and necessary component is being fun。

 safe and getting it to another venue and especially in a venue like work where you don't want to get a reputation as a guy who's hitting on girls or in a situation where it's her work and she doesn't want to get a reputation and so she might give resistance to that being fun cool safe and coming up with and this is important。

Coming up with a creative way， a problem solving way to get to another venue without her appearing slety or without her feeling like it's a risk is going to be very。

 very useful。 say you're picking up a girl at work and she has her coworker-works around maybe say she's a bartender or she's a barista at Starbucks or she's a waitress or something like that so you would like to you're having good interaction with her you'd like to invite her to go somewhere with you but she has coworkerworks around and so if you're like hey I would like to take you on a romantic date that could be problematic for her on a couple levels one if she has anybody any coworkers that are interested in her。

 they might intentionally cock block or make it very difficult for you or something like that but even if not she might be worried about her social reputation at work and different things along those lines but if for example you could come up with a mutual hobby or mutual interest you have and then you could be like there's some stuff I'll share here write down your information I'll send you some information I'll send you some stuff or maybe for example you're both into a particular thing but oh there's actually an event this weekend I'll say what I'll give you the information I'll give you a call maybe maybe I'll invite you。

If it's related to the conversation and there's a plausible deniability that it's as friends or just for a social purpose or for the event itself as opposed to in amanda womanman context。

 that's gonna to make it much more palatable in front of a crowd of people and this actually flies directly in the face of what a lot of dating coaches teach a lot of dating coaches teach that you want the girl to want to go on the date just for you and the activity doesn't matter and etc and yes in a perfect world that might be the case but in the real world in the practical world where you do have to deal with the fact that she's in a meet venue and there are other people around and you may have to deal with facts like she's on the fence about you and not 100% sure but that doesn't mean you couldn't win her over later with all that being the case just getting to the next venue is the priority and in that case what do you want to be fun cool and safe right so in terms of types of conversation you want to have Lighthearted fun banter。

 absolutely great small talk to a certain extent you don't want to get in too much small talk but even small talk to a certain extent okay。

Storytelling， amazing， finding some common interests and common common ways that you could close。

 that's gonna be very， very useful and very， very helpful in a context where closing could be difficult all of those kind of things are going to be good also talking to the group not just talking to the one girl but engaging the group because if you've talked just to the one girl and especially if you've been very flirt with the one girl and ignored the whole group it's very clear what your agenda is if you've been fun and cool with the whole group and then you just happen to have something in common with this one girl that just accidentally seems to happen。

 And because you've been talking to the group and they've been responding well to you。

 it would be very weird if they suddenly turn on you're like what an asshole after they've been having a good conversation with you themselves for quite a while it would then look like they have an agenda and they're the weird one in that case So talking to the whole group and engaging them and being friendly with everyone as opposed to just the girl is gonna be very very critical in this meet venue as well so again。

 the whole point of the meet venue or the interaction in the meet venue is to get into a better situation。

Whether that be an isolation where you can talk one on one or maybe fully into a date or a venue change where you can talk one on one。

 that is your ultimate goal and everything you do in that meet venue that's the primary thing now obviously if you can convey some attraction great if you can get her great if you can frame things at your high value。

 great all of those are pluses and you should work towards those but the main focus is getting to the next venue。

