# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：3.前提（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

This next concept I'm only going to briefly deal with here because I've dealt with it in so much depth in other places。

 If you go to either of my YouTube channels， it's all over those。

 And if you go inside the system it's treated in extreme depth。

 but I do want to bring it up here just because if this is the only program of mine you have it is an important concept and you will be missing something if you're not aware of it。

 So the concept here is the concept of intent versus premise。

 The idea is that in order for a conversation to become mandowo in nature in order for it to sexualize at some point you as a man are going to have to indicate to the girl that it is that type of an interaction。

 reason for that is that it's a big social risk for anyone to take。

 but especially for a girl because socially she can be perceived as very sluty if she shows interest in a guy that's not interested in her etc。

So usually as a man， you're the one who has to convey that it's man to woman。 Notice， though I said。

 convey that it's man to woman， I didn't say show interest。 Okay。

 Sometimes you can convey that it's mando woman in different ways， like even showing disinterest。

 But you're at least conveying that that's a thought that this interaction is different from because of the fact that you're a man and she's a woman。

 That's the key idea of， of premise。And that differentiates it from the older idea in game。

 which the idea of intent， which literally does mean showing interest。

 So there's this idea for years and years that as a man you need to show interest at some point。

 that's actually not true。 you can actually show a lot of disinterest。

 get the girl chasing and then tolerate or be one over or something like that。

 you don't have to be the one to at least show interest first。

 And so this idea of intent was leading to a situation where if you look back towards our previous video where guys were being a little too needy。

 a little too easily won over and was making them look very low value， Wheres this idea of premise。

 making it man to woman without necessarily showing interest directly can be a lot more powerful。

 So give you some examples。 If I were to say I think you're really cute。

 that's showing a lot of interest and saying like I really like you。 On the other hand。

 if I said like don't think you can get away with that just because you're cute。

 I'm acknowledging the fact that she's cute。 but I'm acknowledging it more as a fact。

 I'm showing a man to woman nature。 But I'm saying like it's more in a negative。 It's more。

I'm not one over you're going to have to do more to win me over right another one would be like if I said。

 I think we should go on a date， that's obviously very， very positive， whereas if I said。

 you know what， I really don't think we should date。

I'm still conveying that it's on my mind and that it's a clear question in the interaction。

 whether or not we should date。 However， I'm saying it in the negative rather than the positive。

 So I am you know keeping a lot more my value。 I'm being a lot less needy etc。

 Another thing I can do。 and we'll get into this next week a lot when we talk about specific tactics is there's a tactic called a push pull P pull basically means you would give a positive along with a negative So if I said。

 instead of like hey， I really like you know part of me likes you。

 part of me kind of hates you now with that positive and negative， I'm still showing interest。

 but on net， am I showing more interest or disinterest or is it more neutral。 So again。

 I'm maintaining a little my power of my reserve not being needy。

 being more of something that would be a win for the girl。

 being more of an object to be chased rather than object she already has so this idea of premise versus intent。

 The idea that you do need to convey that it's mandawo。 that is important。

 but it doesn't necessarily have to be done through directly showing interest is a key point to make。

 And that's not to say that you can't ever show。At some points in game。

 you actually should show interest， especially once she's won you over once she clearly likes you when you're building a connection。

 it's completely fine to do that， but if you show too much interest too early and too easily。

 you can become needy and as we know from previous video， that is a huge， huge turnoff for women。

