# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：10.震惊与敬畏（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Aside from progressive desensitization， the other sort of action step or action plan that I think works really well。

 is actually funny enough。 the opposite， which is what I call shock and awe in general。

 if you're learning on your own， I actually like progressive desensitization。

 because it's easy to stick with， it's easy to see incremental progress and you don't have to commit to a huge step on your own with no support But if you're with a coach。

 for example， when I'm doing coaching live with people oftentimes take the shock and awe approach if I think they can handle it or if you have a wingman who pushes you and encourages you and you can have a good vibe with him doing shock and awe with them can work。

 So what is shock and awe， shock and awe basically means just go right for the big move。 In fact。

 if anything， go over the top。 So if you're if you're scared to do an approach what you do is you do the most like difficult approach possible。

 but you do it knowing that you're not doing it to try and get a success in the approach。

 you're doing it specifically for the desensitization。

 you're doing it specifically to harden your calluses again。

The pain of the approach you're doing almost as though you're like put up as a dare。

 you're doing it just to build the muscle and the beautiful thing about it is this。If you go。

 do a strong approach。You're going get a strong rejection or a strong acceptance， Probably。

 If you get a strong acceptance， that's going to convince you that you have value in that environment。

 and that's going to convince you to do more approaches。

 So if you go up and you do like a sort of strong direct approach on a girl。 And she likes it。 right。

 She's like， be like， hey， excusecus me， you're very very hot。 I wanted to come talk to you。

 And She's like， you're hot， too。 Oh my God， who are you。 Something like that。 Then that's great。

 And that's gonna be very encouraging。 And that that emotionally is gonna help you a lot the next time。

 On the other hand， you go， hey， excuse me， you're very hot。 I have to， I had to come talk to you。

 She's like， I don't like you。😊，Well， then you're gonna walk back。

 But the funny thing is you just did the approach you're scared of。 You just did this。

 you know this big committing thing and you got rejected and5 seconds later，10 seconds later。

 whatever， it's not really a difference。 You're still standing right back next to your wingman。

 next to your friends， whatever。 and you're alive and she's gone and you're right back where you started。

 And it will convince you that it wasn't a big deal。

 So the funny thing about going going hard is you get one of two reactions。

 You either get the reaction that the environment is safe。

 Even the worst thing happened and you're fine。 and thinking the environment is safe actually makes you more okay and feel safe or doing another approach。

 or you get a positive reaction， which convinces you you have value in the environment。

 which is going to encourage you to do another approach because again。

 the reasons why you aren't approaching oftentimes are either you feel you don't have enough value or you feel the environment is is unsafe。

 So you're getting actual proof that that is the case that it is a safe environment and where you have value。

 So that can be very， very useful as well。 Again， I recommend that more when you have。

Sup system or someone to encourage you and go with you。

 especially if you do feel a little emotionally fragile with this whole approach anxiety thing in that case I would recommend progressive desensitization as the first go to。

 but if you do have proper support or someone encourage you or someone to make it fun like to make this kind of like shock and all game of like slight truth or dare to make it a fun experience or a shared kind of thrill that can be a really good way to go and it can get you over your approach anxiety really。

 really fast so I did want to throw that in as well as another method for dealing with approach anxiety。

