# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：15 - 何时不升级 - LMR - 不归点_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The second key scenario where you often don't want to escalate is a phenomenon or scenario I call the point of no return。

 and in order to explain the scenario， let me explain the common experience of many men。

So a lot of guys go on dates with girls and they have a few different outcomes from the date。

 One outcome is either the girl comes back to their place and they maybe make out a little bit。

 but it doesn't get particularly hot and heavy or sexual and it's just pleasant and positive and the whole date was generally pretty okay pretty good and there's a pretty decent chance that you'll end up getting a second date there's even a pretty decent chance if the girl didn't come back to your place if like it was still positive pleasant maybe you kissed a little bit but it wasn't anything hot and heavy and then you're gonna go ahead and get a second or third or follow-up date that's actually quite possible as well not like the highest likelihood because had been really really good maybe it went better and maybe it would have gone to sex or whatever。

 but there's a decent chance that you're gonna to have a next date if it was a pretty good overall date on the other hand if the girl comes back to your place and you end up having sex with her there's a very good chance you're going to have a next date because you decided you liked each other there's that commitment you had this good positive experience hopefully have some like good intimacy afterwards and you're well on the way to establishing relationship and that's really good。

Well， in fact， that's better than the scenario in which you just had the pretty good date。

 you had the home run date， you had the awesome date。So that's good as well。 However。

 in the middle theres a big problem。 And what a lot of guys have found is that there's these girls that are that's kind of sort of on and they end up getting a follow-up date with them。

 but these girls that it's very on and very sexual and they get this close to having sex but it doesn't happen and they're sure that they'll just call them up the next time and they'll get back together because it was so amazing the experience was good and then you know they'll continue it and they'll have sex and whatever and then this girl completely flakes never calls them back or maybe responds to the first sex but then it like chronically busy for the rest of eternity and just can't can't be reached for another date and why does that happen Well。

 this is the point of no return phenomenon The idea is that if you get too close to having sex and don't have sex Well。

 a couple things happen number one， the girl is very nervous that the next time you get together you're just going to expect to have sex or that it's like a given so when she meets back up with you it's not meeting back up to have a casual fun time it's meeting back up specifically to have sex which can make the girl feel sluty Also if you get very。

 very close。Sex， she has to make an overt decision not to。

 and then afterwards as a human kind of psychological principle。

 which is that you rationalize your decisions。 So if she made the decision not to sleep with you。

 she on her way home or afterwards has to rationalize all the reason she didn't sleep with you meaning she's gonna to rationalize all your worst qualities。

 all the things she didn't like about you all the things that all the reason she felt it was awkward etc etc and that's not going to be a line of thinking that is going to be helpful to you or to your credit or to your benefit。

 Also in getting too close， it's possible that guys may have made a calibration error or pushed too hard or something like that。

 which is going to cast them in a negative light。 So the grand total of all of this is that if you are on this side where you haven't even come very close to sex。

 you're kind of fine if you get to sex you're great but in the middle is a problem。

 And so right when you're arriving at this kind of point of no return you want to be very careful about future escalation going to make sure that if you escalate more。

 you're gonna to get all the way across the bridge。And not get you know。

 fall down in the middle and get get drowned， right what I will do if I think I'm coming to the point of no return if I think like。

I'm escalating but in my mind I'm like I'm not 100% sure this is gonna go down。

 I will intentionally slow down the escalation。 I will intentionally pull back。

 I'll intentionally stall it out。 I will intentionally try and get the girl to chase me more rather than me chasing her more because I want that if we do cross that threshold point into the point of no return that we also make it through to the other side and have sex so when I'm getting to that point I will slow it down Now when is the point of return how can you recognize it it's a it's a bit of a matter of art it's a bit of experience but there are some common places that the point of no return may occur one is where clothing starts to come off So for example。

 if you're making out and just like making out and having a good time and talking a little bit making out that's completely fine that's not too invested。

 but then once if you get half your clothes off and then she suddenly in the middle of that starts feeling uncomfortable with half the close off that could be problematic that could be a point of no return。

Another one specifically is if you go to fingering a girl right so making out fine little caresses。

 little intimacies， even like rubbing rubbing your leg on her crot that kind of stuff or you're having her sit on your lap and kind of rub it something that feels kind of good like that can be good even potentially potentially this is maybe a point of return maybe not rubbing outside of her pants could be one but if you start going under the pants and she's resistant on that that could be a point of no return so' to be very careful on that particular one so these are particular areas of no return these are areas where it can be problematic another area that can be potentially problematic which is really fucked up that this is the case is trying to get a condom can be problematic because one it indicates know it is a point of return in terms of very close to sex but two it's a very logical thing it's almost like you've made a logical decision to have sex as opposed to it just happening。

 so sometimes that can throw a girl out of the moods。

 you want to make sure the girls very on and very good at that time。

When you do go go for the protection， ideally， it's actually good if you just get or so aroused that she just asks。

 hey do you have a condom or something like that， that's usually a good way for that to go down but that can be another point of no returnturn moment as well but you want to be just very very careful of those point of no return moments。

 very careful of those moments that you might come up against some kind of resistance and you want to make sure that before you go into those moments or before you go into because a lot of they can come into a series like fingering and getting a condom and all those things and taking off clothes they all kind of come together so before you reach that kind of global juncture or that global kind of series of events on the safe side of that series of events。

 you want to make very sure that the girls very into you is chasing you is very comfortable you want to be fairly certain that you're gonna go all the way before you enter that realm and you may even have to intentionally put the brakes on or intentionally just really babystep and really slow it down so that you don't end up being a victim of the point of no return。

