# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：09.传达信息方式_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The first method for changing the degree in intensivityities is your tonality and your delivery。

So the same tease said in a harsh， loud voice is very different than a tease said in a whispered soft voice。

 for example， a same tease said in a friendly voice with a smile on your face is very different than the same teas said in a harsh way with a scowl on your face oftentimes ironically the strongest or firmest version of a tease is not actually the harshest one though a lot of times the strongest version of the most forceful version of the teas is either the extremely polite one the like polite but cold one or the dismissive one So it's like kind of if you're nice to someone that shows a certain amount of rapport。

 if you're mean to show someone that shows less rapport if you truly don't even seem to care about the person care that they exist that's the coldest。

 most harsh version of it and typically what you're gonna do with all of these degree moves。

 whether it be tonality or the ones we're going to talk about as we go forward in the next few videos is more the girl already likes you。

 the softer it can be a lot of times and also the more the girl is typically。

Kin of socially hot in demand has kind of like a swagger about her a belief that she's kind of hot shit or that she has this frame that guyss her all into her。

 the more that that is the case， the more your teases can get away with and actually should be a little bit more harsh so the girl that already likes you does not need to be put in her place。

 she just needs to like have fun teases in band with you。

 The girl who is giving you shit or the girl is actively trying to put you in negative frames needs to maybe have a more harsh or maybe even more so dismissive type of a treatment。

 But the first way that you're gonna do this is again。

 through your vocal tonality through louder versus softer through more or less friendly different things like that。

