# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：01.欢迎：01.欢迎来到这个节目_ev【课程更新加微信kc58567】

HeyWelcome to Verbal Game Academy。 I'm so excited to have you here and I'm so excited for what we're going to learn together over the next eight weeks or so。

 First of all， if you've just signed up， you probably are seeing week zero fundamentals content and then you see a bunch of other weeks week 1。

2，345678 and those are coming soon。 That's intentional。

 That's because this course is meant to be far more than just a digital course and a bunch of videos it's meant to be an education experience where I take you by the hand for eight weeks and lead you through each step along the way。

 So each week when the modules come live。 you're not only going to get the new digital content but you're gonna get webinars questions answered time input assistance guidance from me along the way。

 and that's the point。 The point is for me to be able to guide you through the process So you get the absolute most out of it。

 I recommend you try and stay with the course and try and do each material week by week as you can。

 Obviously if you do fall behind it's fine you can catch up。

 obviously the content is still of tremendous value if you do it whatever pace。 but。

Me there live and being able to participate live is going to be very。

 very useful in terms of how to digest each week， there is a variety of different types of content。

 this sort of theoretical content where I talk about the ideas。

 there is missionbased content where I give you actual things to try and go do and little tip the more active you are with the missions。

 the more you do this stuff infield that goes along with the course。

 the more you're gonna get out of this course。 the idea is that it's not just a digital course but of course you can take and implement in the real world as you go as well and then there is obviously the question and answer periods with me and then there is the infield kind of everybody's favorite where I illustrate a lot of the concepts and you can feel free to watch that one over and over and over again you're gonna get more from the infield every single time you watch it and at every single level Also speaking of levels you will get different things out of this course as a beginner intermediate or advanced And so what that means is if you come in as a beginner go through the course by the end of the course if you go back through it。

 you're gonna watch it and you're gonna see new stuff that wasn't there the first time。

 it was always there。 but you didn't know。the first time because you weren't ready for it。

 it wasn't at your level。 So whatever level you were digesting this course。

 you're gonna get different content that is catered to your level and this should be suitable for someone even as a beginner all the way up to an advanced level So encourage you to start out。

 digest the fundamentals content the week zero content， get the absolute most out of it。

 Enjoy the infield。 do the missions。 There's specifically a bunch of missions included if you have approach anxiety Ie talking to girls at all or if you have approach anxiety about hot girls or particular situations or types of theres a segment for approach about that as well so feel free to dive in and do a lot of practice。

 a lot of exercises before the course officially goes live。

 if you did purchase the course during the presale period。

 it will be a few weeks before it goes live，'ll have some more time to do these initial missions and I encourage you to take advantage that get the most out of it in order to get the most out of the course。

 right That's it。 I'm not gonna spew on more content right now I just want to let you get into the course I enjoy doing this with you。

 I'm so glad you're here and it's gonna be a lot fun over the next eight weeks。 Let's do this。

