# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：4 - 升级阶梯 - 80%方法_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So I mentioned in the previous video that the two steps forward one step back method is a great method for beginners and intermediates。

 It works at any level， but really when you get to an advanced level。

 you want to do something a little more sophisticated and that's what I want to talk about in this video what I want to talk about is what I call the 80% method and the idea here very simply is that you want to escalate to 80% as far as you can get away with but not to 100% And so the idea of two steps forward one step back you're kind of pushing the boundary and backing off in this way the 80% method。

 you're never quite pushing the boundary。And the idea is that by going 80% instead of 100%。

 you're actually affecting the available percentages。 So for example。

 if the girl's given you permission to escalate to a certain point and you've shown a willingness to escalate。

 you don't seem scared， you don't seem like you're nervous or don't know how to do it or whatever you're very clearly good at escalating but then you intentionally stop yourself short of the point she gave you permission to be at Well。

 the fact that you stop yourself short is going to build a lot of comfort and it's also going to build some tension in the fact that she's going to want it even more。

 And so by instead of going to 100 percent， you go to 80%。

 that's going to effectively move what you have permission to do so that the new hundred percent is it maybe 1 hundred50%。

 and then you can move to 80% of that which would be what 1 hundred20% of what it would have been before。

 So the idea is that if you were to try to move to 100% because you're gonna to be coming up against where there is potential resistance and where there is hesitation on her part。

 you're actually going be in an interaction where the girls often going be putting the brakes on you or the girls gonna to be hesitant or nervous or at least the available escalation。

That she is okay with is going to increase very， very slowly over time。

 whereas if you actually intentionally and very clearly。

 like oftentimes even like if you know you have permission to kiss a girl。

 sometimes a good move is to lean in like you're gonna to kiss and then like smile and look away and be like I'm just not sure about you yet。

 something like that。 And she knows you could have kiss her and she knows you gave she gave you permission and then and she knows you knew it but then you intentionally didn't do it。

 that's gonna to build a lot of tension and then that's gonna make it so that what's available to you is even bigger。

 So the funny thing ironically is that by slowing yourself down。

 the major limiting factor on escalation is not gonna to be how slow you go in most cases。

 it's how quickly she's ready for escalation。 So by you going slower。

 you're actually making her give you permission faster and on net， you're actually going go much。

 much faster and also much more smoothly and with far fewer hiccups。

 far less resistance far less chance of failure by going that 80% rather than 100% intentionally when you know that you could go。

And this is very similar of that two steps where one step back in that you are self-limiting that's the same concept is applied。

 but here you're being even more kind of careful about it。

 even more safe about it and you're really not pushing the boundaries。

 The other good thing about the fact that you're not pushing the boundaries is because there's that gap of 20% between what she's given you permission you're doing what you're doing there's a decent chance that at some point in the interaction sooner or later。

 she'll just fill that gap because she'll get impatient or she'll just want what she had offered you or whatever to happen and then she starts escalating on you and now you're in this great situation where you can actually flip the script and have her start chasing you now again。

 this escalation idea makes a lot of sense when you think about it in terms of physical escalation like she gave you permission to kiss or permission to take her hand or something like that But it also makes sense in terms of verbal politeness so there' are a certain topics that are very。

 safe topics like talking about the weather or like small talk or whatever are very safe talking about yourself is a little safe talking about her is little less safe Joking or teasing。

Having a little negativity to it a little bit of like a little bit of like sting in the tail is a little bit less safe。

 talking about you and her together is a little bit less safe and then talking about sexual topics is less safe。

 So in the same way that there are you could kind look at like a series of escalations physically there are a series of escalations of intimacy verbally and you want to be calibrated to that。

 So if she's given you permission to overtly talk to her about sex you might hint hint at it a little bit but tease if she's given you permission to to I don't know to talk on a very intimate level like you're very close together and you're already kind of in relationship you might hint at it but do it playfully or indicate maybe she plays her card right。

 you'll get there again this is the idea of going 80% rather than 100% taken from the physical realm and applied to the verbal game realm but the same principles really apply and by again leaving that gap of 20%。

 that's when you get a lot of attention and that's when you might actually get。

Chasing you instead of you always chasing them。