# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：3.开场白：2.直接打开_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The first type of opener we're going to discuss is probably the most likely one you'll do if you don't know what you're doing。

 If you're just inspired。 you see a girl you like， you don't know what to say， but you know you。

 you want to express that you like her。 It's probably we youre gonna to do。

 My first few approaches I ever did when I actually got the nerve up too open were of this nature。

 And that is the direct approach。 That's going up， giving the girl some kind of a compliment or indication that you like her in some way。

 and hoping that the first impression you made was good enough that she'll be flattered。

 engage in conversation with you when things will go nicely。😊，Now。

 the benefit of this approach is that you've put your intention out there。

 So you've made it very clear to manwo interaction。 There's no confusion over that。

 And that's huge because one of the biggest mistakes guys make in game is having interactions that are too platonic。

 Not manwo enough Never gets to the point。 So you're curing that with the first thing you do。

 That's why a direct open is something I often recommend for beginners。However。

 the downside of a direct open is that you are very much asking for a verdict。

 asking for a decision from the girl on whether she wants to talk to。

 potentially even whether she wants to sleep with you off of very little information。

 So if you assume that you're an attractive person。

 And you assume that the longer you spend with the girl， the more attracted to she's going to become。

 then that means a direct open is low percentage or lower percentage than others。

 because had you spent more time with her and let her see more of your personality。

 you'd be more likely to get a yes verdict。 So as you get more advanced。

 I would tend to recommend a more indirect open。 The other thing as you get more advanced is that this whole idea of being too platonic and not knowing how to make it manda woman is less of a factor for you。

 So you don't have to be as worried that if you don't get it out of the way right away。

 that you're going to end up in a platonic conversation。

 so that' generally when you should or should not use a direct open， Although to be fair。

 you can use a direct open as an advanced guy， I use it sometimes myself。 in fact。

 if I absolutely can't come up with anything at all，I'm really truly drawing a blank。

 I will default to a direct open in like a worst case scenario， and it works just fine。

 especially if you know how to follow it up。 Alright， so what are some examples of direct opens。

 Well， there are degrees right， the most common one you'll hear and it's not a bad open。

 but most common one you'll hear people teach is hey， you're cute。 I wanted to meet you。Right。

 very simple， Very to the point。 Better than， for example， hey， you're hot。 I want to meet you。

 which is objectifying and gives even more of your power away。 But hey， you're cute。

 I want to meet you。 It does very much say， hey， this is a cold approach。 Hey， I think you're cute。

 Hey， this is me。 And it lets the girl in that moment decide， okay。

 do I want to engage with this guy who clearly wants to meet me in a mandawo way or not。

 You're gonna get a decent amount。 if you deliver it。 Well。

 you're gonna get a decent amount of girls being like， oh， thanks， I'm flattered。

 You're get a decent amount of girls being like， not interested in a decent amount of girls being like。

 oh， sorry， thanks， but I have a boyfriend。 right， So you're gonna get a range of different responses off of this type of a direct open。

Because on the direct open， you' are asking for a verdict right away。

 It becomes very important how you convey yourself on that open。

 So if you do a direct open with bad body language， bad posture。 you're speaking to quietly。

 you're hesitant， et cetera。 Well， now you're asking the girl to make a decision off of very little information。

 And also the information she has to base it off of is negative。

 That's when you're going to get a lot of very negative reactions。If your general。

 like way that you're conveying yourself is very positive and very like good and attractive。

 you're going to get a lot better reaction。 So things like your tone of voice matter a lot here。

 things like your delivery matter a lot here。 Your eye contact matters a lot here。 Your smile。

 things like that。 So all of this is critically important。

 and you're going be judged very heavily on those minute details。

 So you want to make sure you're on point with those quick note on tonality。

 And this applies to all openers， but especially to the direct open。

 You don't want to be trying for rapport。 meaning you don't want to make it sound like everything out of your mouth as a question。

So， for example， a good delivery， like， hey， you're cute。 I wanted to talk to you， right。

 Ily with a smile on your face， which I did have So， hey， excuse me。 You're just very cute。

 I wanted to say hi， that's a pretty good delivery。 bad delivery。 Like， hey， you're cute。

 I wanted to say hi， do you hear how there's it sounds like there's a question mark at the end of every bit of that。

 That makes you sound unsure of yourself。 It makes you sound permission seeking。

 And especially on a direct open。 It's gonna put you in the category of guy that's not considered sexworthy。

 So you want to be very careful about tonality and delivery on the direct open。😊。

Another big tip on the direct open doesn't occur for the opener itself。

 but occurs right after this is one of the huge mistakes that I see guys making game。

 is though go in with a direct open。 And then right after the direct open。

 they will then get very platonic or very like nonman towo conversational。 So think of it this way。

 When you go with the direct open。 the downside is that you're taking a risk of rejection。

 The upside is that if it works， you've moved way forward towards sex。 If you go， hey， I like you。

 and she goes， that's awesome， nice to meet you。 She's agreed that she likes you back。

 at least enough to converse with you。 you've moved a significant portion of the way towards sex。

 which is why this is a good opener for a beginner。 On the other hand， if you say， hey。

 I like and she goes， yeah， that's awesome。 that you seem cool， too。 And then you go。

 So about the weather。 And then sports。 And then the politics。

 And then all these topics not related to you and her。 you've gone backwards in the interaction。

 to the point that you may as well not of open direct。 you've undone all the positives of the direct。

 So if you start with the direct open。 and it goes well， you need to understand，ve。😊。

Aress the interaction。 and you need to keep moving the interaction forward。

 if at any time an interaction isn't moving forward， it's moving backwards。

 There's no such thing as stagnant。 And if you intentionally move the interaction backwards。

 you're going have to redo all of the steps you've just undone。

 So it is very important that you understand that once you've gone direct。

 you've created a direct tone and you need to carry through that direct tone。

One other benefit of being direct， whether it be on the open or at some point later in the interaction。

 is if you have flat outet， I like you， then it makes the physical escalation and logistical escalation。

 It makes it make sense。 It makes it congruent， We'll talk in a minute about the indirect open。

 but a problem with indirect opens I that if you're saying， oh， no， not interested。

 not not that kind of interaction。 And then you get physical， it's very incongruent。

 It seems very out of place。So the beautiful thing about the direct open is that you can truly be yourself。

 You can truly say what you want to say and you know。

 assuming that the overall way that you're carrying yourself an initial reaction is positive。

 you can keep doing that and just be a cool person and a high value person throughout the entire rest of the interaction。

 And you can kind of escalate at will and at your leisure。

 not you don't want to escalate too fast or overescalate。

 but you have permission to take on escalating behaviors because a positive reception to that initial open kind of grants you that permission。

 so again， examples of some direct opens that you can use if you want to。 Hey， you're cute。

 I wanted to meet you。 one that I like that is kind of more tonened down than hey you're cute。

 I wanted to meet you。 I've had students replace that with this。

 and it really does drastically improve the results as long as they're willing to be manda woman later is。

 hey， I like your look。 I wanted to meet you or hey。

 I like your style I wanted to meet you is still direct is still a compliment。

 but it's a little bit less giving your power away then hey， you're cute。 Now， do be。😊。

That with that upside comes the downside that it is more likely to get a positive response。

 but that positive response is less manda woman is going to take you less far forward in the interaction。

 So you'll have more to do afterwards。 but you are increasing the percentage of girls that are going respond positively to it。

 So those are some examples of direct opens that you can use very simply。

 but any kind of a compliments would be really good。 Hey， like your style， Hey， you seem really cool。

 andy you seem like an interesting person。 and I want to meet you or hey， you seem cool。

 My name's Todd。 Any of those class as a direct open。

 and it is a really good open to get used to as a beginner。 In fact， so much so if you haven't opens。

 I would recommend starting with a direct open and getting to the point where you can at least get some good responses and good interactions with direct open before you even consider the more complicated opens。

 Even though the more complicated opens may open for you a higher percentage of the time。

 you're going to learn less from them and you're going get a lower percentage probably of closes from them。

 do。😊，I as a beginner if you haven't done a lot of approaches， it requires some balls。

 but I do recommend starting with the direct open in most cases。

