# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：09.接近焦虑：3.技术解决方案【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The next four videos I'm going to present to you give you four different approaches for dealing with approach anxiety。

 And the reason that I'm giving four different approaches is that Ive found in working with students over 15 years that different approaches work better for different people。

Some people will respond very well to maybe a physiological approach。

 like know yelling and screaming and dancing and getting in a jazzed up state。

 and that that will almost cure everything for them。 Other people。

 if you ask them to do that this is stupid。 This is silly。

 and it'll actually maybe like put them more in their head or make them feel like they're making even more excuse or make them feel like layman weak Other people。

 if you teach them to to reframe things in a particular way or look at the situation differently。

 they'll be very powerful them and almost solve all their problems。 Other people。

 they just don't resonate with that quite as much。 So what I'm going do in the next four videos I'm present four different sort of methods of solution。

 four different approaches， you can take to solving approach anxiety or quite frankly。

 solving fear in a lot of different situations。And what I want you to do with this is I want you to use what works for you。

 Try all of them and use what works for you。 And it's basically a certainty that at least one of the four and probably at least two or three of the four will work for you to some extent。

 but it's up to you to figure out that that sort of mixture that cocktail that works for you。

 And if you find one just doesn't resonate with you or doesn't work with you。 that's totally fine。

 throw it out。 Any one of these on its own should be enough to help you overcome approach anxiety But the combination of all of them really gives you a robust and complete solution。

 And it gives you a way that will find a solution that's going to work for your particular mental makeup and your particular sort of motivators for anxiety。

 Okay So I want you to look at these next four as as possible solutions。 things you should try。

 definitely useful things to throw in there。 But understand that some may resonate with you more than others。

 and that's totally fine。 I've had that with students over 15 years。

 And the good news is something will resonate with everybody。😊。

