# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：10.初阶者任务：2.眼神交流【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Your first mission in the approach anxiety Desensitization series doesn't even involve approaching What it involves。

 though， is breaking the social barrier， right， It involves invading someone's space a little bit。

 There's a phrase they say， if you look at something for in the eyes for three seconds or more。

 it means you either want to fuck it or kill it。We're not gonna look for three seconds。

 but we are going do is we're gonna to start increasing eye contact。

 We're start overtly trying to make eye contact with strangers。 So let's say you're on the street。

 Someone's walking towards you。 I want you to actually look at them and attempt to make eye contact。

 You're walking through your office or at school。 If someone's walking the way。

 I want you to try and make eye contact with them。 And I don want you to hold it a fraction of a second longer than what's comfortable。

 I don't want you to look look away immediately， hold it for that just just that little extra beat。

 and then you can look away if you want。 Okay， so we're just kind of getting over that social barrier。

 We're becoming a social person。 That's it。It's walking around creating eye contact All right you're when you're talking to someone now you don't want to stare at them and hold eye contact the entire time。

 but like， you know， look into their eyes from time to time。

 what I want you to do is make that more human connection。

 They say the eyes are the window to the soul。 It's very very when you're looking someone in the eye。

 you're really connecting with them when you're you're not connecting with them so much。

 and especially with regards to strangers。I want you to get comfortable and get used to that。 Now。

 what you may find is certain people will look away immediately。 That's fine。

Certain people will look back and like be very intense。 That's fine。

 You can look away in those cases。 You don't have to get antagonistic or get in any kind of confrontation with them。

 but I want you to get comfortable making eye contact。 That's it Very， very simply。 the absolute。

 just bare minimum of starting a social interaction。

 the bare minimum of imposing yourself on somebody else in the world。 All right。

 so I'm gonna look over when someone looks back。 You're gonna hold that eye contact just a fraction longer than you think is comfortable。

 That's all you're doing for now。😊。