# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：12.终局性（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The final mode we're gonna address for adjusting how sort of soft or hard a tease is is what I call finality That is how long you hold the tension you create and how extremely you hold the tension you create。

 So， for example， if you tease and then just leave dead like pregnant， heavy silence afterwards。

 that's a very harsh delivery。 If you tease。 And then as soon as she has a reaction like I'm just kidding。

 that's suddenly a very soft delivery And a lot of guys， most guys， they're afraid of tension。

 And so when they do tease， they actually overs softenten the delivery。

 A lot of guys they tease and then they immediately say I'm kidding before the girl even react。

 and they completely waste the teas and they actually make themselves look meat。

 That's a very common mistake。 However， this ability to adjust the intensity after the fact is very。

 very useful because let's say you make a tease。 and it kind of gets the desired effect。

 but not exactly， you can tweak it after the fact， you can change the meaning of the thing you said before after the fact。

 So you say a super harsh tease。 you realize you want to the talk like I'm just kidd。

 I'm just fucking with you。 Now， all of a sudden it more in bounds。

If you say a really soft tease and you realize it's not so good。

 then you can kind of like turn away and ignore her afterwards or you can kind like hold like a kind of like condescending stare or sort of like a harsh stare afterwards and you can actually ratchet up the intensity because of the way you've delivered it So understand that there's the line but then there's the sort of like amount of timein that you leave the line afterwards if you relieve the tension immediately the line is the line is massively softer if you leave the tension。

 the line is massively massively stronger So there are all these different ways we've gone through a bunch of them there's probably an infinite number of different ways。

 but I've given you a lot of the different sort of channels of communication on which you can adjust the delivery of the line So when you're talking to girls I want you to think about how can you make the line not just some line you said but the right line in the right situation at the right time also when you're watching my infield or seeing the videos what I'm giving you theory focus on not just literally what I'm saying not like you're reading a transcript but on the delivery the timing the softener。

Being used， the context being used， all of these things come together to make a tease what it is。

