# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：3.开场白：3.间接打开（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Next category of opener I want to talk to you about is the indirect open and for starters。

 I'm just going to give you the indirect open as a concept and then in the next several videos I'm going to explain to you a bunch of different specific types of indirect openers you can use。

 but I want to explain how the indirect opener fits into overall strategy， what is's useful for。

 what is's not useful for， and then the specific examples will make a lot more sense。

So the indirect opener is kind of the opposite of the direct opener。

 The benefits of the direct opener were that it gets to the point it moves the interaction forward。

 The downside is that you're asking a girl to make a decision right away。The indirect opener。

 the benefit is that you're asking the world not to make a decision right away。

 So you have more time to convey your personality， your positive attributes and make a good impression on her before asking for that decision。

 So if you are a cool guy and going do things right， that's an advantage。 The downside is。

 you haven't moved things forward nearly as fast。 And so you're gonna have more work after the open。

 And possibly in certain environments， you may even run out of time。

 it may take the set too long to develop， and the girl may get dragged away or she may get to where she's going or something or she may hop in her Uber before you actually get to the point。

 And so that can be a detriment as well。 So it is a bit of a slower build And it doesn't achieve as much when it works。

 But you are gonna get a higher percentage of girls to open for you in a good way。 And again。

 there are a lot of different types of indirect opens。 which we will get into in just a second。

