# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：10.初阶者任务：3.微笑【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Mision 2。In mission1， you held eye contact。 Now we're gonna add something。

 Now you're gonna hold eye contact and you're gonna smile。 All right， hold eye contact and smile。

 The key thing here is you're putting positivity out into the world。

 It doesn't matter what comes back。 If you eye contact and smile and they don't smile back at you。

 doesn't matter。 You still added positiveivity to the world， you still did the mission。

 If they do smile great， that's wonderful。 And that's gonna feel really good when it happens。

 But it doesn't matter。 It's not about their reaction， It's about your effort。 Again。

 now what we're doing is we're invading personal space just a little bit with eye contact。

 we're doing it a positive uplifting way because we're smiling。 And now because we're smiling。

 it's the first moment of the first place。 we're giving them the opportunity to interact with you and have a positive interaction back。

 It may be when you make eye contact and smile at someone， They may smile back you。

 They may even start a conversation with you。 If they do， that's wonderful。' that's amazing。

 It's great。 That's not the goal， though， that's not the point。 If it happens， that's a bonus。

 The point though， is just to get you comfortable。😊，Making eye contact， smiling。

 invading people's space just a little bit。 So what you're gonna do is as you go about your day。

 whenever those opportunities arise when you're dealing with people， eye contact， smile。

 even if you're not z people， you're walking by， you're seeing strangers again， you're on the bus。

 You're on the subway。 You're in the street corner。 You're walking down the street。

 You're walking at the office wherever it is。 just like looking toward don't be looking at the feet。

 looking in people's eyes。 And when they look at you， give them a little smile。

 little smile doesn't matter。 even if it seems cheesy， even if it seems cheesy。

 or're put on or weird， don't worry about that for now。 Okay， don't be selfconscious about it。

 What youre doing is you're putting positivity out in the world。 Think of it this way。

 If anybody's offended by a stranger smiling at them， they have really big problems。

 That's their problem， not yours。 your job make that eye contact， put that positivity out there。

 and just get that like experience of just having regular human interactions。

 regular sort of just like。😊，Just just in that interface with people as you go about your day as opposed to just being in your own little introverted world。

