# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：05.言语之外：1.非语言因素【课程更新加微信kc58567】

A lot of what you're saying in game isn't just your words。 There's a lot going on into the surface。

 That's why a lot of times students will come to me and they'll say。

 I said this line that you said and I'm like， no， you didn't because you said in a completely different way than I did。

 or a lot of times of I'm breaking down someone's infield footage or breaking down someone in field。

 I'll tell them if I were to read a transcript of the interaction it would look like good game。

 but as it played out， it was actually really bad game。 And that's where we talk about your tonality。

 your inflection， those kind of things that are gonna affect how how you're saying is being delivered。

 So I'm gonna to give you some of the factors that are most going to affect how what you say is perceived other than just the words。

 First one is volume。 when you are speaking loudly or at least relatively loudly。

 you're communicating that what you say you believe in that you're not afraid of other people hearing it。

 One of the most common mistakes I see in game is guys being way too quiet。

 It's kind of funny in New York。 we have this thing when you go out。😊。

There's these guys that are like kind of dealing drugs on the corners。 and there's like， hey。

 we we eat Molly， Molly dope they're just like saying and they're like really quiet。

 And the reason they're quiet is what they're doing is illegal and shady。 If you go up excuse me。

 can talk to you you sound as illegal and shady as those guys Where'sy excuse me。 girlss like。

 okay well， he definitely intended to be heard And he doesn't think other people around him hearing would be a bad thing。

 What he's saying must not be weird and shady。 So a lot of times guys are quiet to be not awkward。

 but actually being quiet makes it awkward。 That said。

 there are times when being loud would also just draw attention to something and might not be appropriate。

 So be aware of the volume you're using and be aware of how that is affecting the conversation and affecting the girl's reaction to it。

Next one is eye contact eye contact is very， very powerful in game they've said the eyes are the wind to the soul and a lot can be communicated with just a look so if you are afraid to have eye contact that's gonna be very bad for you in game。

 but eye contact also shouldn't be a constant thing It's not a staring contest you're not supposed to be like drilling through like the girl's eyes with your laser light gaze。

Eye contact should be used when making points。 so if I'm saying something flirtatious。

 I'll look the girl there with a particular look on my face that conveys the attitude。

 the mood I'm having in that communication， but then at other times， I'll look away。

 I'll be more aloof。 I won't be so bought in， and that can make me seem more abundant， less needy。

 those kind of things。So the volume of your eye contact。

 the amount of eye contact you have and also the nature and timing of your eye contact is going to do a lot for your words for example a girl gives you a shit test and you look away and can't hold eye contact your answer is gonna look really weak if you flirt and can't look at her that may not have the same impact or same effect but on the other hand if you're staring at her like just awkwardly and constantly that may actually creep her out so you want to be careful of your eye contact how often you're doing it and what it's say。

Next one is pauses。It is very， very important to have the correct pauses in your delivery。

 A lot of guys just deliver and deliver and deliver。

 and they say one thing in then the next sentence in the next sentence， there's no pause。

 and there's no way for the girl to jump in and say anything anyway， that's not good。

 For a couple reasons。 One， because you would like the girl to participate in the interaction。

 You want the girl to be able to talk， you want the girl to be able to join in。 And eventually。

 youd like her to be carrying a lot of the interaction So you can relax and be less needy and be less try hard。

 If you never pause and let her jump in。When is she going to， right。

 how is she supposed to get a word in enjoy is how she's supposed to start contributing to the conversation。

 So you need to pause。Ideally should pause appropriately。 for example， if you ask a question。

 pause long enough for an answer。 If she doesn't answer by all means。

 keep talking afterwards because you need to carry the conversation if she's not yet willing to。

 but at least leave a space where she could answer， at least give her the opportunity to do so。

 If you say a line that could get an emotional reaction。

 leave at least a brief pause where she can have that reaction and respond。 again， if she doesn't。

 you can then carry on afterwards。 but you want to at least leave that pause。

 Okay so pausing is very， very useful。 That said， you don't want to pause too long when things aren't going well。

 A lot of guys they'll say something that that isn't particularly good。

 And then they'll just leave it hanging in the air and go silent until the girl goes， okay， well。

 nice to meet you and leaves。So the timing and nature and length of your pauses is going to do a lot in terms of how things are being received。

 The other thing is in terms of pauses， sometimes pausing in the middle can actually help a lot。

 like hesitating a little bit and making something seem spontaneous making it seem like you just came up with it can actually make things a lot more genuine and a lot more sort of natural。

Next one is your inflection right do you sound happy or sad， do you sound friendly or antagonistic。

 this is going to say a lot about what you're saying for example I go oh you're really nice。

 that's one thing I go you're really nice， that's a completely different sentence The words the transcript is exactly the same but the meaning is basically the opposite inflection is absolutely huge。

And the final one that I'm gonna give you is tonality。 Tonality is one you may have heard of before。

 you may have heard of breaking rapport， neutral rapport， trying for rapport。

 but basically depending on the harshness sense of severity of what you're saying and depending on whether what you're saying at the end of the sentence sounds like a question mark。

 a period or an exclamation point。 you're either going to come off like you're trying to win her over like you're kind of just conveying information or like you're actually actively pushing her away and all of these can be good at various times in game。

 although usually guys are way too much trying for rapport and what that sounds like。

 is that their sentences， even if they're not questioning sentences。

 have questioning tonality in them。 So if I say， hi， my name is Todd。I'm saying it like a question。

 even though it's a declarative sentence， It makes me sound really insecure。

 makes me sound like is it okay with you that my name is Todd It's a very needy。

 very low value of communicating in general and massively overusing game。 That said。

 you don't want to be so trying for report and so abrasive。

 And that would be like an exclamation mark and like a harsh exclamation mark at the end of every sentence that you seem abrasive and mean and cruel。

 So you want to balance them out in general on the open something between a neutral report flat tonality and a little bit breaking report a little bit like dismissive is what you're going for。

 But be aware again of how tonality affects and impacts what you're gonna be saying。

 And I'm going give you an exercise kind of end this off。

 It's hard to think of every possible scenario and every possible way that tonality can be used I'll try and address them as we go throughout the course。

 and not just tonality but course volume and pauses in all these different things。

 But a good exercise to do right now is this。 Take the sentence。 I didn't say you stole the cookie。

 and try and say that as many different ways as you can。 And by different way。 I mean， give it。😊。

Completely different meaning by changing your pauses， changing your tonality， changing your volume。

 changing your rhythm， try and give it a completely different meaning by just changing the way that sentence is said。

 It's a great exercise given to salespeople sometimes is to get a tape recorder and do that and see how many different ones you come up with because once you start using the full range of your voice as an instrument。

 you're going to be much more effective with your words。

