# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：11.进阶者任务：3.步行【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Challenge number two， girls in motion。 So many guys， if a girl's sitting down。

 having a coffee by herself or standing in line next to you sitting on a park bench。

 maybe you'll talk to her there。 But you see the girl in motion like， oh no， she's in a hurry。

 I don't want to bother her etc ce， etc。 etc ce。 Well， guess what？

 Most hot girls are in motion most of the time。 right because they have places to be。

 people that want to see them， Also because they know that if they sit around。

 they will get hit on by so， so， so many guys。 Ironically。

 because they're in motion and you're talking to them anyway， You're giving yourself an opportunity。

 Most guys don't have You're giving yourself a great chance on top of which look。

 if you see a pretty girl walk by， what are the odds you're gonna to see her again without approaching。

 See you need to learn to talk to girls in motion。 There's two ways to do this。

 one is walk with them， the other is to try and stop them， I'm kind of fine with either one。

 It's better to try and stop them if you think they're stoppable。

 So if the girlss just meandering casually， you might want to try and stop if a girl' walking fast。

 you probably want to walk with her。 But the most important thing here is just to realize that just because someone's walking。

 They're still human。And just because someone's walking。

 they'd still be receptive to being talked to。 I mean， imagine if even if you're in a massive hurry。

 Imagine you're in a massive hurry somewhere and your favorite supermodel or favorite porn star comes up to tap on the show and says。

 hey， can I talk to you which you'd be like no， fuck off hot girl I'm busy Even if you're in a rush。

 you'd be like， hey， I'm in a rush but yeah， come walk with me or something like that。

 Girl are the same way。 If you're a high value guy。

 You're a cool guy they want to talk to you you just have to give them that opportunity So your mission here is talk to girls who are walking talk to girls who are in motion。

 figure it out again， there's a lot of technique that you can do to make this easier But what I want you to do right now is just get the guts to start practicing The technique will only come once you have the balls to try。

