# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：10.初阶者任务：4.你好【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Mission 3。 Now your job is to start saying hi to people。 Now。

 I'm not gonna ask you just yet to start going up to like random strangers in the middle of nothing and going and saying hi and interrupting their day。

 We'll get to that eventually trust me。 What I want you do now is as you're going about your day。

 when the easy opportunities arise， I want you to say hi。

 So say you're ordering fast food or a coffee or something like that。

 you need to say hi to the person behind the counter。 whether it be male or female。

 say you're standing in line for something， say hi to the person that gets in line behind you。

 or if you walk up in the person in front of your turns， say hi to them。

 I want you to get in that habit of just saying hi to strangers， also say hi to people， you know。

 if you work in an office and you're not that social， but you know the people， tomorrow。

 when you go in， you're gonna say hi to everybody when they turn to you when they look at you et ceter。

 And if you know them hi in their name is even better It's a much more personal gesture。 But again。

 we're just breaking that very bare minimum level of entry for a social interaction。

 And your job right now is not。Saay hi and start a conversation Now that will happen sometimes。

 especially now that you're actually saying hi， not just smiling but you're actually using words。

 sometimes you'll say hi and someone will say hi， how's your day going or they'll start a conversation with you。

 And that's absolutely great。 If that does happen enjoy the conversation， go with it， run with it。

 that's where we're going for eventually However， again， that's not the point。

 The point is just your behavior。 The point is to get you saying hi in those easy。

 obvious situations。 Now， it doesn't mean you have to run after a stranger on the street。

 get them to stop and say hi to them， anything like that。 It's just the easy ones。

 you're doing the lowhan fruit。 The people that you're interacting with in some way。

 you're going to not just have that businesslike interaction or you're not just going stand in silence 2 feet away from them。

 you're actually just going say the word hi hello hey how you doing whatever it is。

 You're going to greet people。 you're gonna do that that first step in a social interaction。😊。

