# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：01.欢迎：3.如果你有接近焦虑【课程更新加微信kc58567】

In the previous video， I answered the question of what you should do to prepare for this course。

 and I basically said don't come in rusty， come in at your actual skill level and that's great advice in general。

 However， there's one possible exception， which is if you have severe approach anxiety if you are scared to even talk to a girl or if you're just scared to talk to girls in certain contexts and not's holding you back if that's a major obstacle for you just getting not rusty isn't enough I want you to actually go out and practice in that case but that may not be easy so I've included something to make it significantly easier I have a series of videos that are related to getting over approach anxiety as a beginner and also related to getting over advanced approach anxiety for specific situations I've actually put them at a link below so if you click on the link below you're gonna to see the entire array of approach anxiety missions which go from easy to progressively more difficult to get you actually going out actually doing approaches so hopefully you can get over some of that nervousness and get to the point where you're gonna have an easier time implementing all the concepts in the rest of the course because this course。

It's primarily a course on technique and what to do， but if fear is holding you back。

 I do want you to get that handle， I want you to get that out of the way。

 so I suggest during week 0 or during whatever time you have in advance of the rest of course or if you want to do it along with the course。

 do these exercises to help you get over that anxiety。

 it's going to help you just get more out of everything so I wanted to include this even though it's not formally part of this course。

 I want to include this as an extra for you to look at to use some missions for you to get started with right now so click the link below if you have approach anxiety。

 go through these missions they're going to help you tremendously。

