# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：11.进阶者任务：8.男对女【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Mision number7， This is gonna be kind of funny because it's a little bit like one of the missions on the desensitization series right on the desensitization series。

 I suggested that to get over some of your fear， you go talk to a girl who is paid to be pretty and is working and you do it just to have a conversation because she has to talk to you In this case。

 what you're gonna do is you're gonna do that。 You're going talk to this girl who what I call hired gun。

 she's paid to be pretty。 She's working。 and this can again be like bartender cocktail waitress。

 girl who works in a store， hosted at a restaurant strip or any of those kind of things But what you're gonna do now for the challenge is you're gonna get out of the customer frame。

 instead of going along with oh， I'm being sold something or。

 I'm having a polite conversation while you're doing your job。

 you're going to actually very clear about the fact that you're actually there to talk to her You're gonna be bold enough control the conversation and steer it towards a mandawo direction or steer it towards a flirty direction at the very minimum you're gonna step out of that easy obvious frame of oh I'm just。

😊，Something can you just help me out。 You're gonna actually do the burden of making it man to woman。

 You're gonna actually talk to that girl who's not only hot， but hot enough。

 she's paid to be hot and you're gonna be man enough to not get caught up in the fact that she's being paid and deal with her as a woman directly You may get some resistance on this。

Certain girls are very professional and they will keep the customer frame and that's totally fine。

 it's a learning lesson。Certain girls will drop the customer frame be very normal。

 and they maybe some of the hottest and best girls that you're gonna meet and date。

 but give yourself that opportunity。 go talk to these girls that seem unapproachable and not only that talk to them without getting caught up in their frame that they're working。

 talk to them truly as a man to a woman。