# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 5第五周（评估）：4 - 实战：女生坐着时的即时约会_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

So where we start this approach is with a girl sitting down。

 she's I think like reading a book having a glass of wine and has her earbuds and she's one of those in the like don't mess with me kind of mode and looking very kind of like like classy elegant of like the type of girl that even when she's sitting alone。

 most guys don't actually even approach because she looks intimidating but I'm not most guys and I like it when a girl sitting down that's one of the easiest approaches for me as a girl sitting down。

 So I have almost like a rule like thou shalt thou must when a hot girl sitting down。

 you almost have to talk to her。 So I'm obviously going to go talk to this one Excus me。はい。

Id say I absolutely love you though。So very like。Elegance， Miami， but not quite。

I'm guessing to go in a minute。 Actually， I don't know。 you and I might not get along。

 but I feel like you won't be boring。 I'm not boring。

 which technically you could say is her qualifying herself to me。

 except the way she said it is a very cocky Like I'm not boring as in like you silly boy。

 There is no way I would possibly be boring。 So it's a bit of a cocky。

 I'm not boring as opposed to a qualifying herself to me。 I'm not boring。

 although it is a good thing， It's a good sign in general as opposed to I am boring and trying overtly not to qualify would be a far worse one。

 right， so not a bad response， but not as good as it might seem if you were reading transcript just based on the nature in the delivery。

 I appreciate that I Tod。So you are from somewhere in Europe。Somewhere in Central Europe。

So what we're gonna get into here is just really， really logical conversation right。

 she's doing like very logical， very non-eal， very like facts kind of a thing and that is the opposite of the kind of conversation you want to have in order to make it manda woman and that's going to be the nature with this girl is that she is very educated values education and intelligence。

 that sort of thing and is not the type of girl to get highly highly emotional in general And so that's going to be a big struggle here is getting her out of logical mode and into emotional be a woman interacting with a man mode or Eastern Central to Eastern officially Oh really a Scandinavian。

All right， I don't even know Switzerland， I don't even know where you。betweenPlease。

 please please avoid these guessing games if at all possible to start the interaction they're really set killers they're not a good thing to get into but in this case she insisted so we went there but now that it's over I want to get out of that logical frame so what am I going to do I'm going to tease her ASap。

Okay， so I can say that Eastern because former former Russia， right。I fri。

Thank you for the geography lesson。 I was I was like， hi， I' come talk to the cute girl and I'm like。

 okay， now geography lesson， what are you doing in my city？😊，In my city what。

Right and that's a shit test。 Your city would have bold statement right and that's actually the reason I say it in the first place。

 The reason I say what are you doing in my city as opposed to what are you doing here is exactly for the reason that it is a bold cocky statement that I am taking a stance。

 I am saying something and I am potentially provoking a reaction， sometimes a good one。

 sometimes a shit test， but a reaction nonetheless。I'm here。Okay， and just for the record。

 how did I pass a shit test in this case， just by shrugging by shrugging and not caring。

 which if you can get away with it， less is more is a good approach。 Sure enough。

 So you're as artistic and as elegant as as I would have guessed at a glance。I'm not that sad。

I we any hard？So if I followed the money， it would eventually lead to you if I went and followed the money。

 eventually would lead back to you I'd realize you're up there right。

're what I've done here is a good format for teasing。

 which is actually to give someone an overblown compliment。

 So if you compliment someone in a way that they don't deserve or in a way which is clearly almost too big of a compliment to even be it's almost an exaggerated compliment well now they're in an interesting position because they can accept the compliment in which case they're almost sort of qualifying themselves to you by accepting the compliment because they're lying about themselves in accepting the compliment or what they can do is they can try and clarify and be like。

 no， I'm actually not this and this and this。In which case one。

 they're putting themselves in a lower frame。 And so you are like trying to almost elevate them。

 and they had to like not live up to your expectations。

 which is already leading to qualifying in a way。 Secondly。

 being really specific and trying to give someone a lot of details about yourself is a form of qualifying in and of itself。

 So this is a great technique to bait someone to qualify。

 which is you give them kind of an overblown compliment like you say they say they do some kind of job like say for example。

 they're in medicine and you oh， so you like run the hospital。

 which you know they don't fucking run the hospital right or you know they say they they're in auto racing like oh you do like formula one whereas none they're like amateur racer in their spare time。

 whatever。 and they have to like bring the compliment down， it leads to a lot of qualifying behavior。

 So it's a good technique to use See that means to for a second。

 I have to go in a second So that means you're either like incredibly or incredibly dangerous。

 I'm not sure which。Probably both and this has nothing to do with the evaluation mission。

 but it's such a big thing when you are with a girl sitting down， please sit down and do what I did。

 which is one false time constraints really useful to absolutely keep talking as you sit down It's critically critically important for seated sets so please please please do it。

You know， very kind person， you're a very kind person it's one of those things。

I don't know if I can hang out with you。 And so here I'm given a nice opportunity to tease she says she doesn't like cats。

 So I mean， I happen to like cats。 So that is a good reason for me to tease personally。

 but even if I didn't， it's just an easy one to tease on I don't if we're gonna get along。

 I've I don't know if're gonna get along on far less than that。

 I've I don't know if I get along city she's from whether she's ever been to a city。

 it's all teasing， it's all playful。 She knows that literally mean I will never talk to her again because she doesn't like cats。

 but at least it's showing that I have standards。 and that I'm willing to know hold them up。

 it also just shows I'm willing to be playful and that I'm not super serious and I'm not super like nervous around her。

 So these are all good things to be showing and also again。

 pushing a girl away is a great way to get a girl to qualify。 mean， I don't have a cat or anything。

 but that's a good reason。's reason。 if you're just like their personality like those asshole creatures enough half the time。

 I live in Miami， half the time， New York。😊，Okay， well， you're almost kind of my neighbor。

 you're at just far enough where like if you're my little brother， yes， far enough。

Very conservative very educated is that you boring cold conservative but educated So notice here how I take all the like factual things that come from the conversation。

 I keep bringing it back to amanda woman conversation she describes her city I make that a description of her She tells me where she lives and you're gonna see in a second I relate that to what it would mean if we were to be in a relationship So I keep bringing the topic back around to us but I'm not bringing it around to us in a way that I'm hitting on her as in oh it would work out because this or oh I like you because that instead if anything I'm bringing it back around you in a teasing joking way or in a way that saying we wouldn't get along but I am continually bringing up the idea of me and her together or at least of me as a man in her as a woman or at least us of people rather than this pure factual dry platonic frame So you're just far enough way that if if fell madly in love wed tease each other the idea we're close and could see each other but in reality still long distance So that's me basically saying like we wouldn't get along because we'd be a long distance relationship。

But in a way that saying if we did fall madly in love， which is a topic。

 a theme that hasn't even been introduced yet， so I'm introducing the theme of if we did fall Madely love if we did like each other。

 but again I'm not doing it as a we will I'm doing it as a we won't， so it makes it much safer。

 keeps my frame much better it perfect。It's not as long as it could be。Fair enough Well。

 I'll keep that in mind if you ever piss me off and be like wait wait。

 we could be much further away my dear and that's great she's mentioning how it's not actually that far away。

 we're not actually long distance and I'm saying well okay good I'll keep that in mind if you ever piss me off so again。

It's subtle， but who's chasing whom right， what is the frame of everything I'm saying everything I'm saying is from a high value frame。

 the idea that she would like me， she'd be the one wanting things to happen。

 I'm the one wanting things not to happen， but again， I am constantly bringing up the man to woman。

 that part is constantly being introduced in the conversation。Fair enough。You're kind of spicy。

 And that's a shit test right， You're kind of spicy。 right It's okay to give girl shit tests。

 It really is。 I had once upon a time。 I'm not gonna to voouuch it this count as accurate。

 Once upon a time， I had a student who just decided to try and count shit tests in this interaction and feel free if you want to at home count shit test by all means。

 But he ended up coming up with some kind of ratio of like I had like 23 or 24 and she had 8 based on his count of shit tests。

 The point is I was giving her more shit tests than she was giving me。

 even though she was giving me shit test。 And this is a girl that gives more shit test than normal。

 she can only imagine what the ratio would be with most girls。 Point is。😊。

The person who is qualifying the other person， the person who is challenging the other person。

 lately getting the other person to comply more is going to over time become the high value person in the interaction。

 so it's a good skill to get used to giving girl shit tests challenging them in various ways。

Oh all right then she goes， I just know what I can put on a plate and that makes me feel confident。

 All right， so that is extremely cocky when girls are extremely cocky。

 feel free to point it out to them Never， ever， ever in a mean way or a confrontational way but in an amused way is quite good It doesn't mean to be smug about it that is one of the most arrogant statements ever I'm like oh you're kind of arrogant'm like no no。

 just confident because I'm so amazing。😊，And so modest。Fair enough， all right。

 so what are you doing here besides？Were you just kind of like hanging out， having drinks and chill？

I'm actually。I'm going over that general area as well。Yeah。You know my geography hereami。Is amazing。

 pretty rough Oh really。So I'm going over to Winwood in general， I actually did。

 I didn't know this iss an event that tonight， but I've been to Winwood was it's pretty nice。No。

 so you have the most expressive face， by the way。Expressive，Yeah。

like am I really a cartoon my god And this is the line I use a lot。 You have a most expressive face。

 by the way， its one of those things it can't ever really be wrong。 Everybody has an expressive face。

 everybody use。 I mean， unless the girl had like a ton of botox， I guess。

 which would be funny then you'd say it ironically， you have the most expressive face。

 I guess but it's just a generally true thing。 it's not a huge teaser insult or anything like that。

 but it just makes someone like think about how they're portraying themselves。

 which it just inherently puts them in their head a little bit makes them a little selfconscious。

 and it provokes a reaction because everyone wants to know something about them。

 So it's a nice default。 like if the conversations kind of gone。

 I don't want to say this conversation gone dead。 It's going fine。

 but if the conversation there's not a clear topic to continue with or there's just some silence。

 the general rule is insert into the conversation， the thing it needs。😊，In this case。

 this conversation is not entirely primacy right It's not highly man to woman And so adding in something that's a little teasing a little manda woman is what it needs。

 so that's what I do in this case。 little side note here So the girl's already qualifying herself a little bit but it's not man to woman So what does that mean。

 how does that happening because if you look at the sequences of the open close model open premise evaluate narrative clothes evaluate it comes after premise So how can you evaluate without premise。

 Well here's the thing you can evaluate under different premises So you can evaluate someone friend to friend right if you're a guy and you're meeting another guy and you have standards for your friends。

 you could evaluate a guy as far as being a friend， you can evaluate a girl。

 whether she's gonna be your platonic female friends and there are a lot of the same behaviors in place and a lot of the things in terms of showing yourself as a high value person are in place and doing that qualification is actually quite useful even on a friend to friend level however。

 understand that with a girl if you then make it man to woman。

 you're gonna have to do some separate qualification as man to woman。

Qualified as friend to friend before you made it manda woman。

 you're gonna have to add some more mando woman qualifying。

 So you qualify under one premise than when the premise shifts。

 you need to qualify into that new premise as well so hopefully that clarifies things a little bit there。

 So here I'm trying to make it manda woman， haven't made it manda woman。

 but along the way if she is qualifying herself to me。 that's not a bad thing。

 that's totally fine it's totally good for the interaction。

's just it's not serving quite the same purpose， but it's still serving a purpose as a side it is crazy。

 every single girl responds to this。 it's kind of funny like everybody thinks they're a good driver。

 everybody if you call them expressive agrees with you's weird like it's a crazy crazy race I mean there's the occasion I don've never been called that but it's like 90% like yeah I know my friend say that about a lot time yeah I know I can't keep my face in check。

 it's just crazy how many people agree with that statement it's kind of strange。Yeah。

 was funny though， because you like you would have a sweet innocent face like on the surface。

 but then when you smile or like squint your eyes or whatever， I'm just like this girl's trouble。

Like tempted to have a crush on her， but I feel like I'll wake up one day missing a kidney if I do。

 And so this is a great example of taking a general tease and making it into Amanda woman tease。

 You have an expressive face is not manda woman。 It's just a tease about someone in general。

 You could technically say that to a guy。 I don't know why you would， but you could。But then。

 you know， you have good girl mannerism， good good girl face。

 bad grow mannerisms or like you seem sweet and simple than your trouble。

 That's definitely way more mandawoman， way more in that frame。 but it's based on the same teas。

 So if you do the platonic teas and it works， adding or layering on the mandowoman teas on top of it is very safe and very likely to succeed。

 So this is a really good progression to use in terms of formats of game。N in Europe again。P。

A little bit。Fair enough， I feel like I feel like you might not do be too bad though I said I feel like you might not be too bad。

 we could be friends， I just won't give you any like contact info so you can't stock me。

 it'll be fine。I mean， have you looked at me？What was that supposed？

AllAnd I love that exchange right So here again， I'm bringing up this idea of we could be friends。

 but but not more than that。 So it it's kind of a hint of Amanda woman frame but an idea of it won't happen and why would I stalk you have you looked at me It's a great way to pass certain shit tests is just to act as though the answer is obvious Like if she questions you on like your credentials in some way like trying to verify your credentials like why would I stalk because I'm so attractive in this and this now you're trying to prove yourself。

 but it's just like have you looked at me that actually isn't qualifying yourself It's just being cocky in this kind of non nonspec way that can kind of work But now she's gonna give me an interesting shit test which is like what is that supposed to mean which is actually a real shit test and actually a pretty tough one to pass take a second actually think about how would you try and pass that shit test because it's a difficult one and then。

We'll see how I pass it。I don't know， I was taking a page out of your arrogance playbook。

And that is a great tool。 So the tool there is called callback humor right you can call back to a previous joke and it gives you a lot of leeway in the conversation。

 a lot of things become funnier and wittier than they normally would be because you refer back to something that was said before and this is a subcategory of a bigger category used to pass shit test which is called going meta and going meta basically means instead of trying to pass the shit test from within the interaction。

 you can of go one step above and you become an observer of the interaction and commentate on it and so you can kind of commentate on the shit test or comment on the frame rather than being subject to it so it's a great when you're having trouble within the frame that you're in a good technique is to go outside the frame and look back on the frame and comment on the frame So for example。

 if a girl gives you a particular shit test instead of answering it。

 you can go outside the frame and ask what type of person would give that kind of shit test and make it back about them from outside the frame rather than responding from within the frame So going meta is a really good solution for difficult shit tests。

You know what I believe that？As a person cis the radio？The person doesn't want to get their。

Maybe that's。Merss over。Yeah， and do we have to hide？

Okay so now she gives me the shit test like oh maybe the reason you don want to give me your contact information isn't because you don't mean to stalk you it's because you're trying to hide three unsuccessful marriages and five children right and a nice thing here is she's actually doing a good job This is how you're supposed to give a shit test which is in like a playful fun way but clearly highlighting the frame but the beauty of it is because it's so like ridiculous and funny I could actually get away with just being amused by it and I don't necessarily have to pass it don't to you don't have to handle every single frame that comes your way if you do it almost seems like you care too much so in this case I can sort of like laugh and shrug it off。

Just see afraid first time lose your conversation。You're right， I'm not afraid of you stalking me。

 I'm just trying to impress， you got me。RightAnd so that's like I agree and exaggerate。

 except I don't even have to really exaggerate in this case very much is's a little exaggerated。

 but mostly the exaggerations in the thing itself， which she said is so ridiculous anyway。

 that the exaggeration is already kind of baked in。

 so here I just have to agree goodnaturedly and exaggerate ever so slightly my profiles are。Okay。

 well look at you and that is really qualifying yourself actually， all of a sudden right， that's it。

 lets it clear like qualify even this is da da da。 So now she is trying to show me her resume and that's a good sign。

 And here I thought you were so sketchy。 Are you pretty of interest。depends what comfort of that。

This is an interesting question。 So first of all， why do I ask， are you adventurous here。

 Are you adventurous is a really good gauge for me when an interaction is going well to know how well it's going。

 So now she's qualifying herself to me over she seems to be the conversation So I ask are you adventurous to see where she's at。

 And are you adventurous is a really interesting question because you're asking a general question on its surface。

 you're asking a question about her character and globally in life。 However。

 the answer you're going get is usually an answer regarding how she's feeling right now。

 So you're asking， are you as a person in life adventurous and she's going answer I am feeling adventurous right now or I'm not feeling adventurous right now。

 she's going answer it in the context of who she is in life。

 So to make this a this clear to some people who speak Spanish or French or Portuguese。

 Italian any of the romance languages I'll use Spanish because the one I speak， I am。

 they have two ways of saying I am way saying I am to say sad which is's one。😊，But the other is Et。

 and Sarah means I am as a permanent characteristic of me。 like I am a boy or I am a man。 I'm male。

 right or like once you're a certain height， I am， you，6 feet tall。

 which you're gonna be essentially for the rest of your life。

 these permanent characteristics of you and then you have Et right， what you're doing at that moment。

 especially's coming on to I am walking。 You're still saying I am。

 but it's I am walking And five minutes from now， you probably won't be walking。

 So that's not a permanent characteristic。 It's a temporary characteristic。

 So you have sad and astar， right， a permanent me and temporaryate me when you ask。Are you adurous？

 You're asking about the permanent her？ You're saying， are you in the same way， you're a female。

 Are you also an adventurous person， Like is it a global category， right， Are you artistic。

 Are you adventurous， right， but。Again， what she's gonna answer is something more specific to how she's feeling。

 And it's actually a good like it's almost like a thermometer for how warm she is to you。

 So if she's saying something super logical， she's not very warmed up sexually yet。

 if she's saying something a lot less logical she may be very warmed up sexually And I've even had like situations like on dates where I'll ask her are you adventurous early on in the conversation。

 she'll be like no definitely not， I'm very like structured and organized and yada yada yada And then later on in the same date。

 I'll ask her girl， So you know if you could have one characteristic to describe you。

 it would have been she like I think adventurous right And so she's acknowledging being adventurous and wanting to be adventurous once the date has gone a bit better once it's gone further once we've made out a little bit once she's feeling a little bit more sexual in nature。

 And so it is funny how that characteristic changes with how she's feeling。

 So in this case she gives a very logical response。 and that's not the best response。

 but it's not bad either。 it doesn't mean she doesn't like me this is not a question。

To gauge whether she likes you or not it's a question to gauge how sexually open she is and how kind of like sexually on she is so she likes me socially here a lot she's qualifying to me socially here but is she warmed up sexually not yet and that just it tells me where I'm at it's good information to have。

That's the most logical answer ever That's like if I asked you if you're spontaneous and you're like。

 well I plan to be next week and in terms of verbal game。

 this is what we call a conversational wrinkle right are you I plan to be spontaneous next week。

 I don't know where I read that I read or heard that somewhere and I thought it was super clever so what did I do I wrote it down or I I committed it to memory and then sometime later in my life when it came up in an interaction I said it I planned to be spontaneous next week or you're the type of person you know what I said here。

 I asked if you're spontaneous to say I plan to be next week。

That's just a much cleverer way of saying it than if you're like， oh。

 you're one of those people that you know you say you're spontaneous。

 but you're actually not or like you're not actually spontaneous。 You just wish you were。

 it's a way worth saying it that way。 saying it in this more quotable way。 It makes you clever。

 It makes you smoother。 These are just useful things to do。 I really。

 really recommend become a student of language， become a student of words， become good with words。

 It's gonna help you so much in game。 It's gonna to help you so much in life。

 It'll help you in your work。 It'll help you in everything。 Please， please。

 please understand that language is。Super critical to how we communicate as human beings。

 The better you get with it， the better your life is gonna get。

 Notice there is a lot of game in this interaction。 as you'll see in basically all my interactions。

 there's also a lot of nonga。 There's a lot of me having normal conversation， giving my opinions。

 telling stories those kind of things。 And that is really important as well。

 It's very important to normalize the game with nonga。

 There was a period in my game when I was like of intermediate。

 And I got to really good at getting emotional reaction from girls when I just like be that button pushing guy just trying to get a reaction。

 get a reaction， get a reaction and my interaction started coming off is very。

 very fake and girls started flaking more。 I had less like building a connection with that kind of stuff。

 It's important to remember to have some normal interaction and call it baseline along with the gamey stuff which we call your plotline So baseline and plotline or two elements in game that are very。

 very important。😊，And。At an intermediate level， you're gonna to use plot lines to develop a lot of your attraction as you start to get advanced。

 you'll actually learn how to develop attraction in your baseline as well by the things that you're conveying about yourself in the frames you're putting out there。

 Like I feel like I don't know what this says about me when I was in Boston。

 almost every girl I did went to Harvard。 that's interesting as well。 So I just gave this fact。

 which is kind of like a boastful fact。 know when I was in Boston。

 almost every girl I did went to Harvard。 That's something guys would say as like look at me。

 I'm so cool。 What did I do to make it not bragging before know I don't know what this says about me。

 But I actually acted like I'm kind ashamed by it。 like I'm embarrassed by it。

 or I think it's kind of cheesy or silly， which then makes me saying it afterwards a nonbg。

 But I still got that information into the conversation。 And given this girl's blueprints。

 given how she sees the world and who she is。 That's the kind of thing that is impressive for her as we'll see in a second。

 I appreciated the conversation。😊，🎼Yeah， she basically says says you have high standards。

 Someone doesn't go to Harvard。 They can't date you。 She。

 she received the message I was putting out there quite well。 I used to。 I， I mean。

 I still have high standards。 I used to have high standards in that way。

 I don't care as much about the resume as I used to when I was younger。 Does it make sense。

 Like now I care。 I want someone ambitious。 I want someone intelligent。No。

 you asked me a question and this is funny because I haven't mentioned her at all in this right but she says this is a job interview。

 She's automatically putting herself in this category。

 She's automatically considering whether she meets my standards。

 whether she fits this criteria that I'm putting out there right So again。

 she's getting the message she's getting the message that I'm considering her in Amandawo way and she's getting the message that she's being interview and it's funny because a lot of times if you do evaluation wrong。

 she'll say is this a job interview in this case， I didn't I haven't even been obvious at all about the fact that it's about her the fact that evaluation but she is feeling even though technically there's nothing she can point to that says I'm interviewing her。

 she's feeling that same sort of like pressure to impress that she would in a job interview So you can tell that she's feeling like。

😊，She's feeling that desire to impress and that sort of pressure I just press。

 she's feeling that I'm someone with standards， which is something I do want to put out there。

Goodness， oh my goodness， now standards have elevated if anything。

 but I care more about the experience I have with someone than about you know what alma mat are they。

They hail from。You know and sometimes the past might not be US indicatorator。

So what am I gonna find out about you as we get to know each other that's gonna make me totally think you're a terrible idea。

 So this is an overt qualifier。 right we mentioned like the levels of qualifiers from just being a high value guy to asserting a frame change。

 seeing if she follows to challenging her to flat out asking her to qualify。

 This is flat out asking her to qualify。 but I've done it in a clever way。

 So instead of asking her what's cool about you。 I've I've asked her the opposite。

 I've asked her what's awful about you that's going to disqualify you。

 So I'm getting there again in a backhanded way and the same way that like premise in the negative is less of a risk than premise in the positive evaluation in the negative in this case is less of a risk than evaluation in the positive。

So I'm setting that evaluating frame， but that first one is not one that she can sidestep easily if she wants to because if you say what's cool about you assume like oh nothing。

 I'm not that impressive。 If you go what's awful about you she can't be like oh nothing because now she's actually trying to qualify So it' it's a nice little starter it's funny because you're not technically asking her to qualify but you are putting her in a qualifying realm and you're doing it in a very safe way may as well。

I mean。What else you think is important to？I mean， so far you seem you know witty and relatively exemplary in some ways。

But， you know， everyone has their skeletons。How many ex boyfriendyfris have you brutally murdered right。

 And obviously， I hope the answer is0。 I really， really hope the answer is zero。

 And what am I doing though， I'm doing qualification， doing evaluation。

 but I'm doing in this lighthearted fun way by exaggerating learn the value of exaggeration and humor。

 It will help you get away with so， so， so much more So the fact that I'm exaggerating it。

 making it funny， I'm making it lighthearted means I can really get into all kinds of different things And obviously the whole frame here is a joking。

 teasing frame is like backhanded frame。 But again。

 I can get into seriously qualifying her in a very fun Joking way where I'm giving very little my power away。

 I'm not making it too serious。 I'm not making it feel too much like an interview。

There are not many people who have a title。Okay。Tair enough。So nobody was murdered。

 100% of a small number， nobody was murdered。They died of natural causes， heartbreaks natural。

 rights kid？Yeah。and this is actually a good thing is is a subtle detail。

 but so we're talking we have this joke and then there's a silence and rather than me trying to fill the silence and continue the conversation because the situation where I did challenge her and she hasn't fully answer the question。

 I'm gonna leave the silence to hang and let her talk about it。

 let her explain when you've given a girl an opportunity to qualify don't then start talking over and deny that opportunity or take away that opportunity or make it too easy for her let that social pressure hang in the air。

 give the girl a legitimate challenge trust that what you've done is good enough trust that she likes you。

 especially if you're already through premise into an evaluation period in the interaction。

 you can trust she likes you a little bit， you can leave the pressure on and make her actually deal with it a little bit。

 make her actually like give you an answer， make her actually like when you give a girl a shit test。

 don't just also throw a lifeline， make her actually pass the shit test sometimes。

There are different times， there are different cases when someone has a mutual agreementance。

To end things or。When someone's being an ashole。I think I'll hire you from my PR team and you're very good at spinning things in a good way。

 And so she's qualifying herself here。 and it's very cute and it's very funny。

 but what do I do I keep I just I acknowledge it， but I acknowledge it in a fun。

 lighthearted way again keeping the whole process fun。

 not this whole I've given you three points for this。

 minus two points for that and you'll be seeing our head of HR for this other thing。

 It's not like that it's lighthearted， It's fun， It's funny。

 the process of evaluating someone the process of sizing someone of seeing if they're up to your standards。

 getting to know someone should be fun， It should not be serious。

 and it should be a lot about the emotional aspects and not necessarily all about the resume aspects。

😊，Try to have。Tryed to sabotage me since you're so concerned。Oh， my。

Because people always speak from either their knowledge or their experience。You know， it's funny。

 So I have strong reasons not to trust women， but they're not because of like。

 Now what I'm about to introduce here is something this girl probably is not going to like。

 And it's interesting concept here because。I can try okay。

 so say you have a girl that has particular standards for life dating the world。

 a certain frame that she lives in。 And let's say that that frame is a problem for you。

 either because you don't want to data girl that's in that frame for whatever reason。

 or because that frame leads to really boring， mundane， non-adventurous behavior。

 and you want to be more adventurous， etca。 etc ceter。

 particularly this girl I feel like is very by the book。

 She's very likely a girl that did what her teacher told her to do。

 did what her parents told her to do， got educated， got a decent job， etca， etc ceter。

 So given all that， she's not very likely。To be very open to alternative forms of relationship。

 she's not very likely to have had a lot of one night stands that kind of thing。

 It seems like she when she said there aren't that many people who have had the title of my boyfriends。

 she's kind of arguing from this like socially correct virtuous high value girl frame That's not so conducive to meeting a girl who's going to be in town for one or two days you're leaving town one or two days for something happening That's more of a like we're gonna to date and be long distance and if we ever see each other in the same city。

 whatever which is not what I want。 So I'm going to introduce a frame here。

 which she is not gonna like。 I'm going introduce the frame of or that this story。

 I guess the idea of the fact that girls in Vegas when I live there。

 cheated on their boyfriends with me。 That's something that probably does not appeal to how she was raised。

 It probably does not appeal to what our parents taught her is like the best in the world。

 but it's important that I convey that I'm not judgmental about sex so that she won't feel judged about sex。

 It's important that I introduce the frame that sex can be for just fun as opposed to。

Necessarily being for a marriage because if we're gonna have sex。

 it's not gonna be in a marriage context anytime soon。 So these are important ideas to introduce in。

 and even if they're contentious ideas， it's better to introduce them and like fight to fight over them then it is to just slide along on a frame that's gonna lead you nowhere understand that very much。

 if the girl has a frame in her head that will not lead to sex rather than just go along and make her happy and hope that by getting happy you're gonna lead to sex。

 No you have to actually introduce different frames。

 you have to actually you can call it doing frame control。

 you can call it give it opening her mind to different viewpoints is maybe a more politically correct way of saying it but that's a necessary elements。

 So I'm gonna to say this knowing full well she might object to it and I'm gonna soften it in certain ways and make it less objectionable but I'm saying this because it's an idea I want introduced into the interaction even if she doesn't like it at the time not so many I have one maybe from that side。

 but I have a lot of reason。I this trust women because I've seen what women do。To their。

To their boyfriends， if that makes sense， I。e。 okay， put it this way， I used to live in Las Vegas。

I definitely。It's a what dirty place， It's fun， but I definitely had a lot of experiences where I later found out that I was a girl's excuse for cheating on her boyfriend so you know which you know a good experience was had by all but is one of those things what anyone？

I知道。咁好注己啦。That's one of the criteria would say So now she's making a very logical argument for various things and she's actually making a valid enough argument as far as it goes from her frame。

 but again， I don't want to get into a logical argument I don't want to get into this like you know you generally want to persuade girls emotionally first and have them rationalize logically rather than the other way around now this girl is pretty logical and can make arguments and a good thing that I can stay on top of argument I'm pretty smart myself in this particular case。

 but again， even as you're making arguments and even to the extent you have to。

 if you can keep it fun and emotional， that's much better because if you get into a logical argument with a girl and you win the argument and she feels like she lost she's gonna maybe she'll even acknowledge she lost maybe if you're lucky but she's gonna feel upset and annoyed and not like you and not want to sleep with you after losing that argument。

 So winning the argument doesn't necessarily win you。The girl right I call this。

 I call this losing the war by winning the battles。 Don't do that。

So doesn one has to full information exceptionally。美一个。

Would that deal be satisfying all participating parties and the parties that went sure were participating？

You know what they say about acting rationally though。

 right The only people that act rationally in this world are economists and sociopaths。

 So being in good humor， teasing， going meta， these are good things to do a lot of times in an argumentative situation rather than arguing。

 So rather than getting involved in the argument， oftentimes comment on the argument。So which one。

 which one am I I'm an economist， but thank you。지だ。I will I like the fact that I'm largely rational。

 the point is most people aren't in a lot of their decisions。I mean rationally。

 I saw you and thought you' were beautiful， but you know I have plans in a life and the odds are you'd probably would you know not live up to my standards so I being totallyration。

 I wouldn't even not come and said hi but you know here we are and I'm kind of glad I did。

I love that First of all， I think it's like clever in and of itself。

 but I love that for an illustration of techniques。

 there's a couple things in that that are incredibly useful that you can implement your own game。

First of all， what am I doing， I'm doing what I call the high value ramble right I'm basically narrating life。

 I'm rambling， I'm just saying a bunch of words but I'm narrating life from the perspective of a high value person。

 from the high value frame that I personally believe。

 but specifically the frame I want to be true in the interaction。

So I'm just narrating out that that frame。 The thing about frames and frame control is this。

 It's a lot easier to maintain an existing frame than it is to change a frame。 So if you can。

Put your frame into the conversation first。 if you can assert your frame first and then have the other person have to knock it down。

 you're in a much better position than if they assert their frame and you have to knock it down because again。

 being confrontational， being resistant being argumentative is not the most powerful way to do frame control。

 frame control should be subtle。 So someone puts a very clear obvious frame out there It gives you a lot of work to knock it down as opposed to the other way around。

 So that's what I'm doing here I'm asserting the frame I'm asserting how a high value guy thinks how a guy like me who thinks about girls the way I think about them thinks I'm putting that frame out there as something that can either be accepted。

 which would be great or if she wants to come after if she wants to like undo it。

 she has to undo it piece by piece， but I'd much rather deal with that than have her put her frame into it and me have to undo it piece by piece。

 other thing I'm doing is an idea called sneaking one past the goalie。

 which means I'm introducing a bunch of concepts all at once。

 So she can't argue with all of them individually she has to like pick and choose and then the one she hasn't chosen to argue with like sneak into the conversation sneak in as givenonss a very actually。

Powerful way of communicating。 It's also hopefully you enjoyed it。

 hopefully found it clever and or funny because you know， hopefully it was， I think it was。来道。

A lot of crap and I can have this。And so here she's indicating that me coming and talk to her was a big risk。

 which is， again， not the way I think as someone who's talked to a lot of girls and is very comfortable doing it。

 but that's the way most people in the world think she has a very typical high value social narrative going on here and that high value social narrative is like don't get embarrassed socially and she would be probably mortified to be socially embarrassed and so this is a big thing for her iPod Airpods I could have been a bitch to you etc and actually that's why most guys don't approach girls like this is for that exact reason she looks like she'll be a bitch to you so she has commenting very much on how most guys would be but the fact that I'm not troubled by that actually is one of the ways in which I am very high value and had you done that I would have had to go jump off a building afterwards I'm glad And so back to the shit test of that I don't have any faith in women which again she's gotten what I' put out except I I don't know if I can trust you don't she's listened she's hearing the frames and she understands my disqual。

But she had it sort of teasing on。 it sort of giving me a shit test about it。

 I have a lot of faith in women。 I just have a lot of faith in women to act like women。Yeah I rain。

Let everyone must each of them accept。I hope you act like a woman at times。What time。Well， I mean。

 granted it， we've only just met， so let's take it slow， but if were we ever to become intimate。

 I hope you act like a woman during that time。And if there was any doubt over the man to woman nature of this conversation。

 I have eliminated any doubt whatsoever there And what did I do。

 I took a general state about women and instead of interpreting it in general。

 I interpreted about her and I held a strong frame and then when challenged instead of backing down I doubled down on the frame I hope at certain times you act like a woman which is like challenging and being subtle about it and she goes what times don't be subtle。

 be specific And a lot of guys would like hesitate or get nervous or be uncomfortable or discussing sex instead I just flat out say。

 well， if we're ever intimate， I hope you act like a woman showing that I'm confident showing that I'm not afraid to discuss sex in general。

 and showing that I don't think the idea of having us having sex he's outlandish in any way。

 I think it's a very normal idea So very， very strong， very。

 very man to woman but I didn't put it out there I put it out there subtly in the first place and then she asked。

 and then that gives me permission to be more obvious if you weren't more obvious in the first place。

 it might be a little clunky a little bit tacky。 but if you go subtle， she asks。

And then you're more obvious， she asked for it， so it's a lot harder to get offended or a lot harder to have something be over the top when you asked for it。

 when you asked to hear it。また。Yeah。All of my life have been over。

That that is one of my main criteria。 and we'll leave it there。 So basically。

 we've gotten her qualifying， basically even on the level of that she is actually a real woman right So she is clearly trying to impress。

 it's clearly a man woman。 She's clearly qualifying。 This set is now officially going quite well。

 And it's the type of interaction that you could see go very， very well。

 This is up being an interesting one in terms of how it played out。

 we ended up going to that place that we'd agreed to go and I actually was going there anyway。

 I was meaning friends there。 So we went there。 she and I had a couple drinks hung out。

 It was going relatively well， but it was escalating really slowly because this girl very sort of like traditional and politically correct societal that kind of thing。

 And so it was going well， but it was again escalating slowly。

 and it went to go and meet my friends said hi to them。

 And then she saw this like dance floor thing that she wanted she wanted to go dance。

 and it wasn't like a dance where we were gonna like be grinding or getting into thing she could be like her dancing and jumping up and down to music or something。

 which I wasn't really interested in doing。😊，So I basically told her， hey listen。

 I'm gonna to go with my friends I with a couple of my coaches and we'll just meet you back at that bar where we were before。

 maybe I mean we're gonna go back there if you meet us there that'd be great。

 if not whatever either way it's been fun And I kind of just like left it at that。

 I didn't even bother taking her phone number interestingly enough even after all this time。

And basically I was with a couple of my coaches， we decided to do some game and we ended up meeting these two really cute Brazilian girls。

 ended up bringing him to that bar because it was the only bar we knew and when we got there。

 she was actually back there， this girl was actually back there waiting for us and she got like hi excuse me if do you notice me and so then I checked with my wing man made sure he wasn't really into the set whatever and then basically reged this girl and she was very very very much more on with me now now that I'd been willing to walk away now that she'd see me with other girls etc and she'd felt like the loss and felt that it was like less fun when I wasn't around now when she saw me again she was much more on and she basically pretty soon after I think one more drink was like hey。

 do you want to get out of here and we ended up leaving and we would have probably gone straight home but basically it took so long theres this big big event it took so long to actually get a taxi it kind of killed the mood so she ended up going to another bar near my place and then eventually back to my place that's kind of how that all played out it was a very。

 very slow interaction。Even late on this girl was quite slow with the escalation and that's fine。

 girls have different blueprints， girls have different experiences。

 Some girls have never had a one night stand， some girls have had tons of one night stands and some girls think of sex one way。

 some girls think of sex another way and it's completely fine if a girl takes a while to warm up and isn isn't accustomed to having like sex on the first date that sort of thing it's a totally normal thing you just deal with it and in general as long as things are escalating in a positive direction。

 please be patient please let girls have their process and never， ever。

 ever be pushy but in any case as you see with this the frame control is rampant。

 a lot of shit tests， a lot of different things back and forth and then the qualify。

 the process of taking her from being only qualifying a little bit to qualifying a lot from qualifying friend to friend to man to woman and from giving kind of like cocky answers and non-qualing answers to being very very open and trying to impress so hopefully you enjoyed this interaction hopefully enjoyed the journey it was on and。

You can apply it to your own interactions as well。