# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：4.不要恳求_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

While a lot of attraction tactics are lines you can say things you can do。

 they basically all come from somewhere。 They come from an attitude or an idea or a perspective on life。

 a belief system if you will， And that's why when talking about attraction first we go back to evolutionary psychology and things like that。

 So what I'm going to do over the next five videos I'm gonna give you five different belief systems that are very。

 very useful in actually attracting girls。 first one of them is something I called don't supplicate and actually have the definition of the word supplicate for you says to ask or beg for something earnestly or humbly and that's I guess the correct definition。

 it's similar to the definition I've heard for years and years in sort of the pickup community。

 And the way I always understood the idea of supplicating was don't change who you are in order to impress someone or in order to appease someone things like that。

 don't try and like kiss as。y way to someone's affection。

 essentially right So things like bringing flowers for girls。

 buying gifts for girls to make them attracted to tend to actually backfire because instead of it being this nice gesture in this sweet。

 romantic thing that maybe think it is you've seen hes on TV。

 What actually happens is it makes you look needy。 It makes you look like I wasn't enough without giving you gifts。

 I wasn't enough without bending over backwards to please you whereas the truly popular guy who has so many social alliances he doesn't know what to do with him and would rather get rid of some of them isn't going to bother buying gifts for random people he doesn't know very well。

 he's gonna to be busy weeding out the people who are trying to get his attention。

So don't supplicate as the idea。 And there's a lot of ways to supplicate again。

 I mentioned buying gifts， agreeing with someone too much。

 oftentimes out like buying drinks for girls you don't know or groups of girls， even you don't know。

 getting going to places who don't want to go because a girls dragging you there at interesting situation with a friend of mine who actually has pretty decent game。

 He met a really hot girl who happened to he happened to know her from Las Vegas happened to meet her in Thailand just randomly and know they met and they had kind of a good connection because they had some similar acquaintances and whatnot。

 the girl was other very hot friend going shopping and what my friend did because he was like this girlss hot I like her。

 whatever。 he ended up tagging along on the shopping excursion with her。

 and the longer he tagged along and the longer they were in their frame that their shopping and he was in this frame of they are the most important thing going on。

 he's dropping everything he's doing for them。 he just lost more and more and more attraction and it became very clear who was on a pedestal and who was more needy and lower value relative。

the other。 and this is the problem with supplicating again。

 going back like if you have a stance that you'd like to take the firm about and going back on it because of a girl。

 it seems like something that would like make you more similar to her， make her like you more。

 but instead it just shows that you're needy， it shows that you're not willing to stand up for yourself。

 And it just makes you look needy and tends to make you lose attraction rather than gaining it。

 So how do you tell when you're supplicating， basically。

 if you feel that you're being pressured to act out of character in order to impress someone or please someone instead of going along with that impulse。

 tend to resist it， tend to resist that impulse。 Now。That's problematic also， though。

 because what most people do when you tell them that is they'll tend to resist it and they' resist it in a very forceful way。

 And so like you tell a guy， oh， it's not a good idea to drinks for random girls when you don't know them and maybe they're trying to use you for a drink。

 And then a couple things go wrong with that。 One is guys become very adamant and mean about it。

 like no， I don't buy drinks for girls。 And that looks like you're an asshole。

 And like you stick up your ass。 and you're no whatsoever。

 And you have some some like chip on your shoulder。 that's not gonna be attractive at all。

 Also guys get too adamant about it。 And I will never buy a buy a drink for a girl under any circumstance。

 that's also wrong。 Once you do like a girl and you're having good time with her。

 by all means buy a drink with her have an experience that's gonna be very helpful in actually continuing things further on。

 So you have to understand the reason why the rule that's often said。

 don't buy drinks for girls or at least used to be said a long time ago and still people adhere to it probably stronger's more strongly than they should。

 The idea don't buy drinks for girls is generally right。 But what it really is a short。

And for is don't supplicate。 And there are a lot of situations we buying a drink would not be supplicating and is completely fine and good。

 And also you， as you're holding your frame， you don't want to hold your frame in this like asshole。

 like overly， emotionally reactive way because that has its own own problems as well。

 But the idea of， don't supplic the idea of。Stick on your own path。

 bringring the girl into your path and lead her into your world rather than trying to get into her world。

 and the idea that， look， there are a lot of girls。

 So if the relationship or the nature of something with a girl is such that you find yourself bending your morals or compromising ideas or compromising what's fun for you。

 understand there are other girls out there and have some ability to walk away。

 that's going naturally make you not supplicate in a lot of the right ways。

