# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：9.权威_enc.dolit

The final tool in our toolkit is authority， similar to the Chalinni kind of principles that the idea of authority and here I want to point out that authority can be either real or perceived in a particular case so obviously if you are knowledgeable in a particular area and you can have conversations in the areas where you are knowledgeable。

 you're going to gain value by coming off as an authority。

 someone's going to fall into your frame more often more easily and more readily and more happily and so that is a good idea it's a good idea to maybe steer the conversation towards topics that you know a lot about。

 steer the conversation towards topics you're passionate about and like talking about for all these reasons of frame control also for the reasons that it's going to be more fun and interesting for you。

Also， though in terms of authority， a parent's authority matters。 so say， for example。

 you're maybe leading a girl somewhere you're like hey。

 lets go let's go on a date and you don't maybe necessarily know where you're going。

 If you sit around thinking oh I don't know， let me look it up and let me figure it all out。

 The girl might hesitate the girl might think you're unsure of yourself。

 The girl might not be as readily willing to go along with you。

 If on the other hand you're like yeah， I think it's this way we can check on the way。

 but I think it's this way。 And then you do that same exact check of figuring out where it is and then taking her to the same place by just appearing more confident appearing like you know what you're doing。

 appearing like you're a little less worried about the whole thing and it's all not a big deal。

 things are gonna come off a lot better。 So one being an authority is gonna to be very useful in terms of being persuasive。

 having people go along with your idea your frames those kind of things。

 but also even if you aren't necessarily in authority。

 appearing it to the extent that you can is very helpful in that way。

 I do want to warn you with this one don't appear to be an authority。

where you aren't and where the situation is potentially negative or dangerous right so you know there's there's socially convincing somebody of something and then there's the truth in the real world。

 So if you're in actually like an important dire situation。

 please defer to actual authority or let someone know what your real level of authority is because know that shit matters but with little inconsequential things like picking something on the menu appearing to be like confident and authority will probably make you come off more attractive than otherwise in terms of picking a venue to go for an instant date coming off as a bit of an authority and just leading will probably work better for you than hesitating will。

