# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：5.你配得上最好的_添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next really attractive and positive belief system that you can have is a belief system that comes from a former coworkerer of mine from years ago。

 it's a phrase he came up with there's this idea in game that like you are enough。

 you are the prize you are of value right and so this coworker of mine he flipped it around and he changed you are enough to there's no reason you're not enough which is actually a really good phrasing of it and the reason why that's a good phrasing is this。

A lot of times as guys， we start to compare ourselves to other guys。 We start to think， oh。

 that guy's a professional athlete。 That guy's a billionaire。 Oh， that guy is like a model。

 et cetera， et cetera。 And especially as you get better at game and you start to be dealing with hotter and hotter girls。

 Girl that have more and more options。 You start to look around and be like， holy shit。

 These guys that these girls are dating are really fucking amazing and then there's just little old me。

 And you might get in your head and you might think， what do I have to offer those kind of things。

 And a key thing to think about is。That。You don't have to be so， so， so incredible to have sex。

 You don't have to be the most amazing guy girls ever met。 right。

 Most girls are not having sex with the most amazing guy they've ever met currently， right。

 guy most girls can't be with the most amazing guy they've ever met because he's already with a different girl or other girls or whatever。

 So you're not even really competing with that。 But even beyond that。

The level of attractiveness and the level of attraction for sex is not nearly as high as you might think。

 It's not like you have to be 10 at of 10 attractive to have sex with a girl。

 There's sort of a minimum threshold that you have to be above。 And as long as you're above that。

 all guys are kind of the same in a way。 All guys are just either good enough for sex or not good enough for sex and you're above the threshold beyond that。

 it's gonna come whether she likes you more than another can come down a lot more to the connection you have with the experience you have with those types of things And so it's normal and natural to have sex。

 if you put two lions together in the zoo， a male and a female lion。

 aside from the fact that zoos fuck up animals and it's like being imp prisonson in shit， in general。

 they're probably gonna mate two lions out in the wild， if there's no other lions around。

 almost certainly are gonna mate Healthy individuals of a species。

 it makes sense for them to have sex。 If you are stuck on a desert island with the hottest girl in the world。

 And you're only gonna know her， It's not like shed be like， oh well。

 I'm just gonna go in my life without sex。 you'd probably end up having sex。

 So it's normal and natural for。Meers of a species to have sex with healthy members of the opposite sex of that species。

So all you have to be is that minimum threshold。 And if you are just around and you're a generally positive。

 attractive guy， that is the threshold you need to be for sex。

 Okay so keep that in mind that it's not like some gargantuan feet or some like if you watch Hollywood movies。

 you have to save the world and save her life six times。 And then you can have sex with her。

 It's not like that in the real world。 women like sex to sex is normal and natural And unless there's something overtly weird or awful or wrong about you。

 in which case， please get to work and fix and become the best you you can be。

 But unless there's something blatantly like unattractive about you。

 there really is no reason you are not enough to be having sex with most girls in the world and even most of the most attractive。

 desirable girls in the world because you are a healthy member of the human species and you can provide a good experience to her and really fundamentally。

 that is enough。 So therefore， there's no reason you're not enough。

