# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：5 - 你的面目_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So I want to dig a little deeper on what we talked about in the previous video which is adjusting to the girl supplicating and I also want to dig into the other question that guys have about blueprint very commonly。

 which is is it disingenuous， are you faking something are you not being yourself are you trying to trick the girl and both of these can be answered kind of with the same idea which is a concept I call the facets of you and I want you to little thought experiment okay imagine that you're having a conversation with your parents。

 you probably act a certain way。Imagine you're having a conversation with your friends who you go to the bar with。

 you probably act a different way that's very different than how you act around your parents。

Say you're around your girlfriend who you're sleeping with。

 You hopefully act a different way with them than you act with your parents who you're not sleeping with。

 Let's say you're around people much younger than you and you're a teacher and a mentor to them versus you're with someone who is a teacher and a mentor to you you're gonna act differently in each and every one of these different scenarios。

 So the question is， if you're acting differently with each of these different people Are you still yourself。

 Are you being yourself， Are you being false， Are you lying and tricking and kidding and conniving。

 No， you're not and you're not also bending over backwards to try and please and impress them necessarily。

 think of it this way。 you， the concept of you is a rich and multifaceted thing。

 And these other people are also rich and multifaceted people。

 And so you don't have to interact with each of these people on every single level。

 you can have a specific relationship with a specific person that is fulfilling to both So you can have one friend who you play tennis with and another friend who you debate politics with。

 And it's okay that you don't have。Political debates with your tennis playing friend you don't need to do that because that's not what you're getting out of the interaction。

 that's not what he's getting out of the interaction anyway and you're still being yourself because you're still doing something you enjoy doing and something you find fulfillment in and you're partaking of that with someone else who's enjoying it and finding fulfillment It's the same way with girls。

So there may be some girls that you have really a lot of banter with and it's really fun。

 There may be some girls who you're tender and sweet and sincere with and you enjoy that also because you're a complex person。

 It doesn't have to be the same with every single girl。

 And in fact if it were the same with every single girl。

 it might get boring really really fast so I want you to understand this idea that it's almost like you have these traits if you think of it as like a hand of cards that you have and you can play any of the cards in your hands。

 you're gonna play the cards that are most appropriate to the situation。

 What you don't do is go grab a card that's not yours and try and fake it or play it off like it's yours you don't want to do something that is fundamentally out of your character in order to get along with someone because now you're putting yourself in a situation where one it's probably gonna come off as fake and you'll be found out But。

 even if it works， you're setting up a relationship or you have to be not yourself in order to make the relationship work and that's gonna suck over time。

 it's gonna be very boring or stressful or something along those lines。 However。

 you do get to pick and choose the trait that you are of yourself within that relationship。

traitits and probably many traits within an intimate relationship。

And eventually you can be your full self。 you can express all those traits because as someone really gets to know you and really likes you。

 they're gonna to appreciate you holistically and they're going to be getting enough positive feedback and enough value and enough of the types of things they want from you from the traits of you they like that they'll even be okay with the fact that not all of your traits are perfect。

 but it's important what you lead with。 So let's say you had a girl where eight out of the10 traits that you normally go with are attractive to her and two of your traits are unattractive。

 You could have a great relationship with that。 but let's say you led first with the two unattractive traits she might not stay around long enough for you to get to the other eight that are actually attractive to her and they're actually going make her warm up to you and have a deep and intimate relationship with you So you are going to be your full self when you get to know someone and you are going to be able to not hide anything and be intimate and be so to speak vulnerable sometimes people say those kind of things you're going to be able to do all those things within the relationship but it does matter。

What you lead with it does matter what frame you set because if you start out on the right foot。

 you're gonna have a lot of acceptance to all these other things。 you start out on the wrong foot。

 you're not gonna have a lot of acceptance。 So within the facets of you and the facets of the girl。

 you want to start off with the ones that match up and create some connection first and then that gives you a lot more leeway to not match up on everything because again she doesn't have to be all things to you It's okay to data girl and still go play tennis with your friend instead of with her It's okay to data girl and still have philosophical arguments with your friend and with her you're just kind of love w and sweet It's completely fine。

 she doesn't have to be all things to you， you don't have to be all things to her。

 what you have to be is a good mix that's fulfilling to both of you。

