# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：12.预框架_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next incredibly powerful game specific technique I want to talk about is a technique called pre fming the idea of this is that you basically get there first with your frame and the idea again here is that it's a lot easier to establish a frame than it is to unestablish and reestablish a frame。

So if you put a perspective into the conversation， that perspective enters unopposed， so to speak。

Afterwards， if someone wants to change that， they have to undermine that frame。

 argue against that frame， etcter。 So it's a much harder position to establish。 So ideally。

 we've now talked about what are positive frames to have in the interaction。

 what are positive frames around yourself positive frames around the girl。

 positive frames around sex etc， it's a good idea to get there first。

 It's a good idea to be the one who's kind of narrating the interaction。

 the one who is setting the frame in the first place。 So here are some specific examples of this。

 One is giving objections So a lot of times there are particular things that may be obstacles towards a relationship or obstacles towards sex。

 If you know what those are。 and you can sort of either solve them before they're stated or you can even state them as your obstacle or your objection rather than hers that will tend to soften the blow of those potential obstacles。

 So for example， if it's likely that maybe you're talking to a girl you'd like to go home with her that night。

 but it's possible there will be a driving or logistical issue， you might。

up the idea of there being a driving a logisticist issue on your end potentially and then you'll find out if there is one on her end。

 you'll have put that out into the conversation and that way you don't appear to be this person with an agenda you appear to be someone who is just looking out and just assessing the situation and it's a lot easier to solve the objection you created。

 which is your objection then it is to potentially solve her objection。

 so if you get there first with an objection。 she may have a similar objection。

 you still have to deal with you， you still have to problem solve that's still a part of game but it at least softens the blow of her objection and it doesn't seem like such a deal breaker it also keeps the frame that she's the one potentially chasing you。

 you're the one who's less needy， you're the one less try hard etc The other area where this is really useful isnt setting sexual frames or relationship frames So if you want to set the frame that sex is normal and natural set that early or set that as early as you plausibly kind can because otherwise if she sets the frame early on that she doesn't kiss a guy until the fifth date now。

That's a frame you have to unestablish whereas if you set the frame that that sex is normal and natural now she still is that same girl that hasn't kissed guys until the fifth day and it's still something gonna have to work for work towards you're still going to have to deal with the specific girl in front of you but you've again at least softened the blow you've made it so that instead of you having to argue why your frame is valid。

 she kind of has to argue why her frame is and you're in a slightly better negotiating position。

 slightly better persuasive position than if she had entered her frame onto the record first So again。

 this is another area where setting that frame makes a lot of sense。

 Also in terms of the type of relationship you want to have if you want nonmonogamous relationship。

 if you in a relationship where you work and she stays at home if youre in a relationship where you both work if you in a relationship where you both pay for things instead of you paying for things all of these are relationship frames and if you enter them into the conversation first you're in a better situation than if you have to argue for them later。

 A lot of these， though some of these relationship frames don't be too pedantic about it don't think that。

Most important thing in the relationship is who pays for things on the small details right a lot of these relationship details are not that important so you don't want to overframe。

 you don't want to create a situation where you have to have every single thing your way and you're gonna have a fight on every single point either let it be relax it's not a big deal a lot of these things but on the important ones on the things that really matter it is a good idea to preframe it's a good idea to put your perspective out there first if you can and that way she'll be the one having to do the unwinding and arguing for her perspective as opposed to you being the one in that position。

