# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 5第五周（评估）：1 - 评估：2 - 为什么评估很重要的_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

There are basically two reasons why this evaluation is important。

 The first is because without it what you're doing almost doesn't make sense。

 the second is by doing it， you enhance her experience so we'll talk about those kind of one at a time。

Let's say that you go up and talk to a girl and you're showing some level of interest from the get- go。

 You don't find out a lot about her。 She doesn't show you a lot of cool things about herself。

 and then you want her number， you try and take her home or something like that。 Well， really。

 what are you trying to take her home based on or what are you trying to get her number and hang out with her based on it almost has to be her appearance because that's all you really know about her if you haven't taken the time to get to know her if she hasn't shown some things to you that kind of impress you Well then why would you like her as a high value guy who has lots of options。

 why would you even like her， it makes it incongruent， It makes it seem like you must have an agenda。

 It makes it seem like you just like for her looks It brings me to point number two if you just like her for looks。

 where is the narrative to her， Why does it feel special。

 Why does it feel like this is anything more to her than just some guy that was hitting on her Also beyond that people value that which they work for People value that which they work for someone gives you something for free。

 you're gonna assume that it's not that high value。

 You're gonna assume if it seems like a high value thing。

must be something wrong with it whereas if you work for something， you try and try and then get it。

 you're gonna value it， you're gonna treasure it and you're gonna consider it of a higher value。

 that's true with physical possessions。 it's true with people if you for a lot of guys if you talk to a girl and she seems too willing to like you and go to bed with you very quickly a lot of guys stereotypically would label her as easy and actually have less respect for now I have a philosophical issue with that I don't think it necessarily should be true and I don't think it's a good characterization of women but it is a fact that a lot of people think that way a lot of guys think that way Similarlyly。

 a lot of women think that if a guy is too easy too obvious to into them without cause then either a he must be a low value guy or B。

 he must have an agenda and he just trying to sleep with as many girls in a superficial way as possible So if you are missing this evaluation phase it's going to be hard for the girl to connect with you in a lot of different ways even if she would like to even if she's attracted to you。

 she's going to have find it very hard to actually justify connecting getting。Deeper relationship。

 seeing you and things like that right so this evaluation is very。

 very critical we're going to do right now is we're going to talk about exactly how to make it happen both in terms of how to have the girl wants to prove herself to you and want to get to know you and then what types of things you want to do once she is at that point。

😊。