# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：2.什么是框架控制？（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So to start off， I want to address the concept of what is frame or what is a frame。

 And you already have probably some idea of this from how the word frame is used just in normal conversation。

 For example， a picture has a frame around it and the frame around the picture somewhat at least in some small way alters the way you view a picture。

 So for example， if you saw a picture with a very like serious austere frame you might view that the painting within it in a slightly different way than if you saw it in like a silly plastic frame。

 For example， you might view it as more serious， more important and different things like that。

 So the frame is something that goes around。The core facts or the core elements of what's going on that in some way changes your experience of it。

 I'm going to go as far in the case of frame that we're talking about。

 it dictates the meaning of it in some way， but it changes the experience of what goes on inside of it。

 The idea of frame as we're gonna to use it actually as far as I know。

 originates from a field of study called neurolinguistic programming。

 which is a branch of psychology， but more importantly。

 it's a branch of therapy and so the idea of framing there was the idea that by changing your outlook by changing your thinking。

 you can change the way you interact with the world。

 what the world means to you and essentially what the world becomes for you and so it is this therapeutic idea of changing maybe some of your negative or limiting beliefs to more positive beliefs。

 some of the views that you have that are holding you back to views that are more productive and useful to you。

And then the further use of frame from a therapeutic sense。

 And actually if so the therapeutic patient would be working on their own internal frame。

 but a therapist or someone utilizing therapy might be working on the patient's frame。

 And so they're actually doing sort of frame control not on themselves， but on somebody else。

 And this idea of frame control in a therapeutic setting has since as far as I know。

 around around 1999，2000 in the sort of community of people studying game was then applied not just therapeutically and not just internally。

 but in an external way towards persuasion。 And that actually was the foundation in a lot of ways of modern game or a lot of the concepts of modern game。

 So that's the theory。 let me give you an example of what frame is。

 Let's say you're driving in traffic end of the day， you're tired。

 you want to get home you're in a hurry。 me。 And then someone。Comes like I'm sorry。

 an ambulance comes through the traffic， like blazing at siren， and you have to pull over。

 get out of the way， and it slightly delays you on your way home。

How do you feel about the person driving the ambulance？Most people feel pretty okay with it。

 It's only a slight delay in on your way home。 You know that the person in the ambulance is probably doing something important。

 They're probably saving a life。 You can kind of get on board with the idea that saving a life is more important than saving you 30 seconds on your commute。

 So you're okay with pulling over it doesn't really annoy you too much。However。

 let's take it one step further。 let's say behind that ambulance。

 there is now a bright red sports car following the ambulance weaving through traffic。

 taking advantage of of that opportunity to get through traffic。 notice I said taking advantage。

 that's already a frame in and of itself。 But how do you feel about the person in that sports car。

 a lot of people there go like asshole， like hate him， fuck him， that kind of stuff。

 it's a different view， even though it's a case of one car cutting through traffic or another car cutting through traffic。

 when one is an ambulance means one thing when one is a sports car， it somehow means something else。

 but let's reframe once again。Let's say that now you find out that the person in that sports car。

 it's actually his wife in the ambulance。 and she's pregnant and sick。

 and he wants to be there at the hospital to be by her side。 And it's， it's very important。

 It's gonna mean a lot to her。 And it's， it's gonna， it's not， for his own sake。 It's， you know。

 for the good of his family。 A lot of people now would feel a lot better about the guy in the car and have a lot less negative thoughts or animosity towards him knowing that。

But let's reframe it one more time。 And let's think about the fact that if he were following the ambulance。

 then he probably could have just gotten in the ambulance with her。

 which would have been better for everybody， including traffic， including his wife， etc cetera。

 And so now maybe he's not such an asshole， but he is an idiot。 right。

 And so now we've reframed again。 And so you can see by changing。

The meaning beside changing a few facts by changing the outlook on on things。

 the meaning of car cutting off in traffic has been changed several different times in several different ways and your interpretation and the feelings you may have about it。

 what you actually actually literally the chemicals in your body in response to it will have changed in response to this change of meaning。

 So that's the idea of a frame。 And that's a bit the idea of what reframing is。

 And we talk about frame control we're talking about is reframing things for yourself or we're talking about reframing things for other people in a situation or reframing the meaning of the situation itself。

 So that is what a frame is， and that is what reframing is in a nutshell。

