# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：6 - 叙事技巧 5 - 预设框架和重构框架_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So we've already talked a bit about pre famming and reframing。 In fact。

 we had entire week on frame control。 So this should be nothing new to you at this point。

 but I do want to make a point with regard to frame as it relates to narrative because a lot of people when they think of reraming something they think like oh。

 she gave you a shit test and you had like a clever turn of phrase and you turned it around or you had like a good punch line or maybe you manage to you manage to say instead of saying hey。

 let's leave your friends which is like a logistical move that seems like manipulative instead。

 you might be like， hey， let's go you know somewhere where it's a little more relaxing and we can hear each other talk a little bit better So these are all different ways of framing。

 these are different ways of saying the same thing in a better way or ways of changing the meaning of some little snippet of the interaction。

 you can preframe or reframe your entire life story you can preframe or reframe the entire relationship And again。

 as with any kind of framing。Fraaming is more powerful than reframing。

 so you want to be starting and we'll talk about this a little bit down in a couple of videos and we talk about the narrative of you and the narrative of the two of you together。

 but you want to be prefrming yourself in the most positive possible storyline and you want to be prefrming you and her together in the most positive possible storyline you also want to be anticipating negative storylines that might come up or negative societal implications that are common in a particular culture in a particular situation and prefrming or reframing them in advance。

 So the point here prefrming reframing shouldn't be anything new at at this juncture if it is go back and look at the entire week of material we have on frame control basically but I want to point out to you that frames are not just tactical frames are not just for these little minor elements of the conversation there is an overarching you call it like a meta frame or just a larger underlying frame to everything and you want to be working on that and in fact you' just。

Lo lot more time thinking about that big overarching frame that kind of is the foundation for everything than you should about all those little frames。

 because if you get the little frames here and theyre wrong， it's not the biggest deal。

 But if you miss that meta frame， if you have the overall wrong frame of the relationship。

 overall wrong framing of who you are。 the story of who you are。

 then that's gonna be very problematic。 So again， not a new concept。

 but definitely a deeper application and a new understanding and iteration of that concept of frame that I want you to be very。

 very aware of。