# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：02.打开-收尾模式：2.打开_ev【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Even though the opener or the idea of what's your pickup line is probably one of the most discussed ideas in game。

 it's actually going be something I'm going cover more briefly here than a lot of the other modules。

 And that's because it's over very quickly， and it's not really the most important。

 There's a few fundamental things you need to do， but beyond that。

 an opener pretty much is an opener。 You should not be too obsessed with it and you should understand that the most important thing about the opener isn't the opener itself。

 It's what comes afterwards。 If you can follow on from an opener。

 you can pretty much use any opener in the world。 I've even had students challenge me to use like give me the worst opener they possibly can and I'll go open with it and I can open with just about anything and make it work because what comes after the open is actually what's more important。

Okay but that said， what are you try to do in the open。

 you're trying to do basically one thing and one thing only and that's get the girl's attention or perhaps get the group's attention。

 understand that if you're approaching a group of girls you need to get multiple girls' attention。

 you need to get the whole group's attention， but that's it your job is to get their attention。

 that's all you're trying to do on the open you're not trying to seduce them with their opener you're not trying to get their phone number with your opener。

 you're not trying to blow them away with your opener you're just trying to get the conversation started。

Excuse me， So there are two phases in game that are basically awkward the open and the close are the most awkward phases in game because they're the parts where you actually have to have an agenda as such the best thing to do on the open is just get past it as fast as possible。

 don't make as big of a deal about it if you make a big deal about it。

 then you know you're drawing attention to the fact that you're gaming you're killing your subtlety。

So just get through the opener。 So what do you need to do？

 You need to first be loud enough to get her attention。 Secondly。

 you want to be in a position where you physically she can face you rather than facing away from you and where you can have a decent conversation with her。

 You want to do yourself as many favors in that regard as you possibly can If there's a group you want to put yourself in a position where you can engage the whole group and you need to get the attention of the entire group。

 whether it is that you just go to the girl first and then the group。 Hey excuse me， you're cute etc。

 hey these are friends， that could work or you can go group to girls。

 Hey you guys looked interesting together， Oh my God， this one's trouble。 Either way。

 girl to group or group to girl， you want to engage both very， very quickly。

 All right But the most important thing just get on her radar。

 just get the conversation started what you do afterwards and when you talk about premise and how you establish it is really going be a meat of whether that early part of the interaction goes well。

 briefly， I do want to discuss a couple different styles of openers you can use。That would be direct。

 sort of indirect and situational。 Okay， so a direct opener would be something like a compliment。

 Hey you're cute。 I want to meet you。 Or if you want to tone it down a little bit。

 which I actually recommend， hey， you had an interesting look。 I wanted to meet you。

 something like that。 But you're conveying a little bit of an interest。 And you're saying。

 like I am here。 I wanted to meet you。 And here is the reason why。

 And this is actually very helpful because it helps you get automatically into that next phase。

 which is premise and that transition from open to premise is something most guys don't do。

 For this reason that direct open is probably my recommended opener for a beginner right。

 Just get to the point， admit you like the girl， put it out there and work from there。 Again。

 we're just trying to have all the elements in place as a beginner。

 We're not trying to necessarily be super， super subtle。😊，As a more advanced guy， if you want to。

 you can do sort of indirect openers so you can do an opener where you comment on a situation or comment on a funny thing that's happening。

 something along those lines， and then you transition into a more mandawo conversation by establishing premise later which we'll talk about if you're confident that you know how to establish a mandawoman conversation。

 then I'm fine with going with an indirect opener。The other type opener I really like is the situational opener or a situational observational opener where you see the girl and you tease her on something right away。

 And this has the benefit of conveying premise that the direct approach has。

 but it has the benefit of being spontaneous and it has the benefit of not seeming try hard。

 similar to an indirect open。 So if a girl happens to make eye contact with you。

 maybe open something like don't give me that look。

 something like that where you're sort of teasing her。

 you're making it mando woman right at the very start。 But it's not like hey。

 I had this planned compliment that I came up to with。 So it seems a lot more organic。

 So those are three types of openers you can use right off the top。 So direct opener。

 just give her a compliment or indicate you wanted to talk to her and go ahead and do it It's very simple。

 very effective for a beginner。 the indirect opener talk about a random thing Ask a random question and then transition into the game part later。

 be very， very careful doing this as a beginner because you'll probably end up in a 30 minute conversation and nowhere with no premise。

 But if you are confident in your ability to make it mandowo Indirect opener completely fine。

 And in some。😊，wayays in a few ways can actually be better than a direct opener if you're more advanced and then what I really like is that the situational observational opener where you make some kind of comments about her that is teasing or polarizing makes it relevant to her possibly shows some premise but again it doesn't seem quite as cand in pickupy as hey。

 I thought you're cute I had to come talk to you So those are three different opening styles you can use just right off the bat to get you started。

