# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：03.冷读_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next attraction format we're going to talk about is the mini colddre。

 The Min colddread basically is where you tell a girl something about herself rather than asking it。

 and it's usually in a light and funny way。 The word coldread comes from a practice in mentalism and psychology where basically what you do is you would make inferences or make guesses about somebody's character nature or personality。

 and you' make kind of educated guesses and you go kind of deep on who they are。

 The mini colddread is a lot less about you know being wise and finding things out about someone like impressing them with your knowledge level。

 it's a lot more about being cute and being funny。 so you're not trying to be super serious with these observations。

 In fact， the more outlandish or crazy or ridiculous they are oftentimes the better they're gonna work And the core idea here。

Is that first of all， questions specifically get to know you questions in game are typically very。

 very bad。 Why is that， Well， when you ask someone to get to know you question。

 where youre from what do you do， how old are you， there's a lot of problems。 number one。

 they've heard that question so many times before。 It's not interesting to them。 number two。

 you're not providing anything interesting to the conversation。

 you're asking them to provide all the interesting information when you do a mini coldread die you tell somebody about themselves instead of asking now you are more interesting。

 they haven't heard it before and two you're actually providing input， you're providing your ideas。

 your assessment your view of who they might be And in doing that， it's a lot more intriguing。

 a lot more interesting for them so that's the idea of the mini coldread And again。

 these don't have to be super outlandish， but they absolutely can be。

 they should be lighthearted they should be lightheted， they should not be super super serious。

 if you're getting super serious。 that's a full on deeper coldread。

 and that's actually something that can be useful in game but it's not something you want to be doing so much in the first couple minutes。

The interaction because you'll seem like like some kind of weird fortune teller or whatever。

 All right， So some examples of mini coldreads。 First one。

 you don't seem like you're from New York or you seem like an La girl or you don't seem like you're around here something about that you could also do similar things about what kind of jobs she might have what kind of hobbyies she might have etc。

 But you seem X Y Z be careful if you do a lot of mini coldreads it's easy to get addicted to them。

 It's easy because they work very well they're easy to come up with So be careful about having an entire start of your interaction that's all mini coldreads it can be a little repetitive And especially if a lot of mini coldreads with you seem you seem this。

 you seem that you seem the other。 now you're back again in fortune teller mode or you're like the carnival guess that's trying to someone's age weight and birthday you don't want to be that person So one don't overuse mini coldreads and to try not to have them all say you seem So that one is you seem X Yz another one again。

 a reference of who they are I bet you're the type of person who plans to be spontaneous someday fun。

😊，Of how not spontaneous they are by pointing out the spontaneous thing again。

 just making an observation， making a humorous witty exaggerated kind of observation about them because that can be really good Another benefit of that one。

 by the way， as long as we're on the topic is that you're encouraging them to be more spontaneous and adventurous rather than less in general。

 you want to be encouraging in game that the girl。Becomes more the type of person that makes game work and makes it fun for everybody as opposed to encouraging her to be the person that is boring and follows rules and is not receptive to game。

So that's the next one。 But the type of person who plans to be spontaneous someday。

 and then a final one that I actually use relatively frequently in in one form or another。

 I think you maybe the girl my mother warned me about。 So again， you're over exaggerating。 Obviously。

 some stranger girl you met is not some girl your mother warnedn you about。

 It's obviously not serious。 And you're over exaggerating how much she seems like she's trouble or bad news or whatever。

 But you're clearly making the points。 But these types of things are great kind of observations you're making a statement and assertion about her。

 But the fact that it is funny or ridiculous。😊，Means that you can get away with it。 Okay。

 the fact that it is not a serious assertion right， if you say， I think that you are a doctor。

 that is not a mini colddri， that's some kind of weird fortune tell statement that is probably wrong and is also boring。

 And if you do get it right， it's gonna to be creepy。 and she's going think you're stalking her。

 right It should be fun。 it should be lighthearted a little bit ridiculous even is going to be very。

 very helpful。