# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：8 - 关于我们的叙事_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So now we've talked about the narrative of who you are。

 Now let's talk about the narrative of who you and the girl are to each other and the one feeds into the other。

 So who you are is going to feed into the narrative of who the two of you are together。

 So for example， if you are ambitious and successful then part of who you are together could be that it's very aspirational and you're this high value guy who she was lucky to be able to snag for example。

 or if you are sort of like maybe say like artistic in kind of like in a talented judgmental kind of a way。

 well then that would be congruent with this idea that she won you over and you appreciated her because she has some uniqueness or quirky beauty or something like that。

 and so the two definitely do go together and in setting up the proper narrative of yourself。

 you're going to assist yourself in setting up the proper narrative for who you and the girl are to each other。

 However， there are also independent things about the relationship。

That don't have to do with who you are And those can be very， very powerful as well。

 So one part of the narrative of you and her that doesn't have to do much with who you are is the narrative of who's chasing did you come up and hit on her or did she see you and decided to win you over。

 that makes a dramatic difference in the power narrative of the relationship in terms of who is chasing。

 who is perceived as more high value， who's perceived to have an agenda， etc ce。 et cetera。

 And that's independent of what job you have or how much you've traveled or anything like that。

 And this is actually a big reason why guys that have good game。

 but don't have a lot of other accolades can still do really well with girls and still can have girls like bragging about them or very like deeply in love with them and connected with them。

 because yeah， maybe they don't have those accolades and maybe they don't have these things that would be logically things that the girl might gravitate towards But the narrative of we。

 the narrative of how they got together the interaction dynamic。

Was so positive and so favorable due to good game or due to fortunate circumstance sometimes。

 But in any case， if that's very， very favorable， it's going to go a long way。 And， in fact。

 in a lot of ways， it's a more on a signal， right， because telling something about yourself can be faked。

 something about your past can be faked。 Something the girl has directly experienced。

 Ie the way that you interact with her。😊，Is real。 She's experienced it with her own。

 know eyes and ears and hands and emotions。 And so that actually kind of supersedes even the narrative of you right So it is very possible to have a bad narrative of you and a good narrative of we。

 This is why girls oftentimes are with guys they shouldn't be with。

 They'll be deeply in love with a guy who inherently objectively is kind of a loser。

 Girl will be in love with like convicts， even even girls will sometimes even if they didn't know the convict beforehand you have these girls writing letters to guys in prison  different things like that。

 why Because something in the narrative of we compels them even above and beyond the narrative of who the guy is。

 So these are very， very powerful ideas， very very powerful techniques。

 and as we perceive through the next few videos， we're gonna to talk about the techniques to specifically work on the narrative of we。

 specifically work on the relationship dynamic， who's chasing how are you perceive not just in life in general。

 but how are you perceived in terms of women， how you perceived in terms of being a prize， how you。

in terms of did she have to chase you or did you chase her， etc etc。 So be very aware of this。

 There is the narrative of who you are， and there's a narrative of who the two of you are together and they do go together they should be congruent。

 it's going be hard for you if you're gonna play a narrative that within you and her together there's this aspirations striving success thing and mean。

 at the same time， the narrative of you is loser who lives in his mother's basement。

 that's going to be incongruent。 So it does have to be congruent with some narratives。

 But other things， for example， the dynamic like who's chasing who the dynamic like how much are you you bantering versus being serious。

 the dynamic like when you have sex with a girl， what is the nature of the sex is a very soft and romantic or is it a little more like dominance etc。

 All of these things are factors in the narrative of you and hurt that are not necessarily directly correlated to your biographical details or other elements in how you're conveying yourself。

 So be very， very aware that there are these two different forms of。ative。

