# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：12.进行废物测试（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Final note on shit test because they are important they do come up a lot。Even if you're really。

 really good at passing them。Sitting there and taking shit tests and passing them and taking shit tests and passing them and constantly being on the defensive is not a good position to be in typically the person giving shit tests。

 the person giving the other person a bit of a hard time or teasing。

Is the higher value person in the interaction。 So what you want to do once you get comfortable with this flirting and shit testing and all that kind of stuff。

 you want to actually start giving girls shit tests。 And when you do this。

 I want to reiterate for you some points I made in the last video。

 which is shit tests are not insults。Also， shit tests are not intended to be mean or aggressive。

 If you're giving mean aggressive insulting shit tests。

 you're just going to piss grows off and it's not going to lead anywhere。

 You're just going to like destroy their self esteem and destroy the interaction and everybody loses。

 All right， The point of these shit tests is to be lighthearted， playful， give someone a hard time。

There's idea kind of that you only tease the ones you love， right。

 Would you go around finding like random homeless people and teasing them， Most people wouldn't， Why。

 because that homeless person is not relevant enough to your life for you to want to put in enough energy to tease him。

 There's no real upside to teasing him， etc cea， etc ce。

 And also it feels it feels weird to like kick someone while they're down。 so to speak in that way。

 whereasas if someone has high self-esteeem， you know， they can take it。

 you care enough to interact with them and want to have that fun flirtty interaction。

 that's when you would flirt with someone， right So flirting and and shit testing， which is。

 you know， giving someone a little bit of shit， giving someone a hard time is just one form of flirting。

It comes from the idea of let's play together。 Let's play verbally。 I'm gonna challenge you。

 I'm gonna to put you in a tough spot。 I'm and see how you handle it， but it's done in a playful。

 lighthearted way， not in a mean aggressive antagonistic。

 hateful way so I really want to point that out。 And as you whenever you see the reactions to when I give girls hard times when you watch my infield and things like that。

 notice how often they laugh or they react very， very positively or obviously all that times their faces are blurred。

 but if you could see their faces， you'd see the biggest smiles when they are shit tested。

 or when they when they are challenged because when a girl gets challenged by a guy on one level。

 she's like， oh， I'm uncomfortable my frame， I'm threatened on another level like finally finally。

 a guy who can stand up to me Finally， a guy who's not gonna bend over backwards and be weak and needy。

 Finally a guy can respect and be attracted to So being at that level of actually not only being able to pass shit test congrutly。

 but also giving shit test really put。😊，You at a very， very high level with respect to girls。 Also。

 it's gonna keep you from constantly getting shit tests and being on the defensive。 If you just。

 you know think of it like a boxing match。 if you're boxing someone's pulling punch at you all do is block and block and duck。

 they're just gonna keep throwing punches at you。 if you occasionally counter punchun。

 now they have to think twice about coming in and now the barrage is going to lessen considerably。

 So number one， it's good to instigate for your own reasons for making the conversation fun and flirty and interesting in building value and building attraction。

 it's also useful because by occasionally shit testing back by occasionally giving her a hard time back。

 you're not just sitting there being the victim and just taking it。

 And so you're gonna get a lot less abuse coming at you as well。

