# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：3 - 叙事技巧2 - 有目的的讲故事（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So we've talked about storytelling in general。 Now let's get more specific。

 Let's talk about storytelling for game。 And for this。

 we want to talk about specific or intentional storytelling。

 So let's just say your decent at telling stories There is an infinite number of stories you could tell you could tell the story of how your Tuesday went you could tell the story of that time that you embarrassingly like what your pants in middle school or elementary school or whatever hopefully didn't it in middle school but who knows anything could happen you could tell the story of the first girl who broke up with you。

 you could tell the story of a crazy adventure you had and some some interesting thing that happened that involves some girls。

 but isn't necessarily centralized on the girls there's all these different types of stories you could tell and each and every one of them is going to say different things about your character。

 your personality， your attractiveness to women， you're sort of value in the world and value sort of sexually as well and so you get to choose what stories you tell you're under no obligation to tell the embarrassing ones。

You're under no obligation to tell the low value ones。

 you can tell the ones that cast you in the best light。

 so in that sense you get to be the best version of yourself。

Now I'm not going to suggest you lie and tell stories that are not true about you。

 A couple reasons for that。 One big one is that it's hard to keep track of lies if you make that a practice and you'll sooner or later get caught and then it looks really bad and people tend to distrust you So that's one good reason why not to。

 the second reason is inherently if you are lying you are telling yourself that you have to lie or that you're not enough somehow without lying。

 So I don't suggest lying but by all means be selective， by all means put your best foot forward。

 by all means tell the favorable stories about yourself a lot more than the unfavorable ones and guess what everybody else is doing that too they're not trying to embarrass themselves around you when you are telling stories to girls。

 every story you choose to tell can be chosen to make you look better So if in the story some girl has a crush on you as chasing you and that's gonna convey some kind of social proof。

 if in the story you are a leader that's going to convey some kind of like positive qualities and some idea that people have been willing to follow you and maybe that you're a good problem solver different things like that。

Each and every story that you choose is going to convey those items。 Also。

 the way that you tell this story， what points within the story you decide to hit is going to make a difference。

 So let's say you're telling a story about an ex girlfriend。

If you seem angry and antagonistic and negative， that's gonna make it look like you're out of control。

 Maybe she broke up with you， maybe you're not very good with women in general， etc ce。 et cetera。

 which is gonna cast you in a very negative light on the other hand。

 if you tell a story about an exgend where you indicate you're not together anymore obviously because she's your acts but you have positive things to say about her。

 you appreciated the relationship， you seem to have been in control of your emotions you're not bitter in any way。

 all those kind of things that's conveying much more positive qualities and that's gonna to cast you in a much better light So any and every story that you tell one。

 you have a choice， which stories to tell and two， you get to choose how to tell the stories。

 and you want to be specifically indicating the elements that are going make you more attractive。

 So what are those well reference the earlier modules the last few weeks of this where we talk about what are attractive male behaviors what frames you want to set you want to be telling stories that convey those attractive behaviors you be telling stories where that frame that you're setting。

True in the past。 it's an indicator of it right instead of trying to just convey a frame right now。

 if you indicate you had a past relationship and the past relationship frame was this。

 that's considered a more honest signal because it's weirder for someone to lie about the past then it is for them to lie about the present so all of these are great opportunities to go ahead and convey positive things within your stories So think to yourself when you're telling a story what are the positive things and if there's a story you tell often maybe even have in your head some bullet points a few little waypoint。

 it's a good way to remember the story and make the story engaging。

 but also it's a good way to remember that you hit the best elements within the story So for example。

 excuse me For example， if you were telling a story and it had like maybe a few little exciting points that happened and maybe a couple things that lead up to a punchline you'd want to remember all of the things that set up the punch you want to remember the exciting events and then you want to remember the frames you want to convey about yourself you want to remember the parts in that story where。

looked good because you were a leader or a problem solver or competent or a girl liked you etca。

 etc ceter right you want to show the parts of the story that showed that you had control of your emotions instead of your emotions controlling you etca。

 etc ce so have a few bullet points， have a few ideas。

 especially if you find yourself telling the same story over and over again。

 ask yourself how can I tell this story better？