# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：11 - 如何接吻 - 决策_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The first and probably most important part of kissing is making the decision that you are gonna kiss the girl。

 Just deciding that you're gonna go for it。 It's absolutely critical。 How do I know this。

 Well I'll give you a quick little synopsis of my early dating experience。

 I got pretty good at doing approaches is pretty good at getting phone and was pretty good at getting dates And I went on a series of dates for probably nearly like six or nine months or something like that。

 without ever kissing any girls， I just date after date after date， no kisses。

 Why because I was nervous because I didn't know how I didn't know what to do。

 I didn't have a procedure for it。 It felt like a big risk And so it just didn't happen。

 And I had dates I had a date where I went out with the same girl like three times it was clearly very clearly very intimate。

 There were times when we were almost like like close face to face， it would been so easy to do。

 I didn't do it。 and then eventually she just thought。

 you know he doesn't have any balls and it didn't happen at another situation where I walked to girl back at the end of the day。

 and I kind of made a gesture like this just putting my hand up。

 And she's like don't you think a handshakes to formal for us， which。

wasn't obviously intending to shake her hand I was making a gesture。

 but she's obviously saying like kiss me you idiot but I'm like yeah。

 you're right and I give her like this like the tamestt hug ever so I was actively not trying to kiss girls I mean I knew I needed to but I was so scared I was so nervous I didn't do it。

Finally， I got to a point where I was just so frustrated and so fed up。 I was like never again。

 never again。 am I gonna go on a date and not try and at least kiss the girl。

 And so then I went on my next date and I got to the very end and I hadn't kissed her and she's like getting in her car。

 and she's about to close the car door。 And I actually like physically I'm like no。

 not doing with this again。 I actually got in the way of the car I hang one more thing。

 I stopped the car door from closing。 come out for a second， talked for a little bit。

 And then I made myself try for the kiss。 and I did kiss her。

 And then that was the first girl I ever first slept with。

 So worked out pretty well for me in terms of that。

 And Id probably had maybe five or six other girls I probably could have slept with that I just didn't have the balls to kiss before that。

 So just goes to show。 But the first part is making that decision， making the decision。

 You are gonna take it on your shoulders。 You are gonna take the risk。

 You are gonna burden yourself with it。 Kiing is not 100% essential to having sex。

 but it's very essential。 The vast majority of cases where you're gonna have sex。

 You're gonna need to kiss first and again kiss。Is that message that idea that the two of you are together。

 the two that you mean something to each other， that you like each other in a mandawo way， etc。

 actually， ironically， the few times when you will have sex without kissing the girl。

 the kiss is still that message because typically it's that the girl doesn't feel that intimacy and just wants to hook up maybe the girl has a boyfriend and just wants to get laid。

 but she doesn't like want to be dating anyone else， something like that。

 you may actually end up sleeping with a girl without kissing her but even in that case。

 the kiss or lack of kiss is a critical message in terms of what the sex does mean or doesn't mean in terms of intimacy。

 what it's all about whether you're man to woman whether you're together etc。

 So kissing is a powerful message， it's something you're going to need to deal with and if you want to be good with girls。

 if you want to have success with women， you just need to deal with you。

 you need to understand this is a risk I'm gonna have to take I'm gonna have to man up and do it。

