# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：17 - 一般蓝图VS夜间蓝图_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

There's an ancient metaphor I'm not sure from what culture， but I like it。

 and I think it's applicable to this concept of blueprint。

 which says you can't step in the same river twice。

 The idea being that the river itself is constantly changing。 So if you step in the river。

 you step your foot out， you step it back in。 the flow of that river。

 the current is different in that moment than it was the moment before。

 partly because your foot probably just changed it and whatever happened to last time you put it in there。

 but also just because the water is constantly flowing differently。

 there's a tremendous chaos about it。 And so the river has a character to it。 The river。

 like the Mississippi River is going to be bigger than like the creek down the street from you。

 probably for all of human history， and so part of its character is one river is bigger than the other。

 However， there are elements to each that are unique。

 One river may flood one year and not flood another year， etc。Similarly。

 girls change from moment to moment， so while a girl may have her global blueprint in life on the night you meet that particular girl。

 she may deviate and possibly significantly from that blueprint。For example。

 you may have the girl whose normal blueprint is as the good girl who follows all the rules。 However。

 she's on vacation by herself for the first time in her life doesn't know anybody and maybe she's willing to take some risks and violate some rules more than she has been at other points in her life Because without her friends around there's very little social consequence or maybe she just broke up with a boyfriend she's like fuck it tonight I'm getting laid well tonight she's gonna to break the rules。

 So while her blueprint in general may be very conservative。

 her blueprint for tonight is anything but so you want to be aware not just of the girl's general blueprint。

 which is going to be a factor at a lot of times， but you want to be aware of her blueprint for the night。

 who is she there with what are their expectations of her what is her view of the place she's at What has happened in her recent past How are these factors influencing these types of things What types of obligations if any does she have in in the morning or does she have no obligations I she in work mode or is she。

😡，Vacation mode all of these things are going to very clearly factor into her blueprint for I call blueprint for the night。

 but it works for day game as well。 her blueprint for the exact time that you are meeting her because you're never gonna talk to the same it's impossible to talk to the same girl twice if you met girl A on Wednesday and you met the same girl on Sunday you might be talking to two very different girls on those different days or night on Wednesday she might flat out。

 reject you and not give you the time of day whereas on Sunday。

 she would sleep with you on Wednesday she's looking for a safe， nice。

 respectable guy to day that she could introduce her parents on Sunday she's saying fuck it I want like I want a guy that just makes me finally feel something So you have to be very calibrated not just to this global blueprint you don't want to assume that she's always the same if you're getting hint about her experience that she once for the night that's gonna change things big example is I used to do game in Vegas I lived in Vegas for two years and went out there almost constantly girls。

Blueprint for sex and blueprint for night is very different in Vegas than it is in their hometown and they're a lot more willing to have a hookup in Vegas than they may be in their hometown。

 but they're much less likely to want to exchange numbers and see you again in Vegas than they would be in their hometown so definitely don't fall into the trap of assuming a girl's always the same or assuming because a girl's typically a good girl she's feeling like a good girl tonight or because a girl's typically like scandalous and sexually open that she's particularly sexually open tonight it does depend night tonight。

 even hour to hour when you meet the girl so you are meeting this girl at this exact moment in her life。

 not this girl as a general you know theoretical principle somewhere out there you need to calibrate to the girl who is in front of you at all times。

