# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：3.选择框架（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So if frame is a powerful tool that controls the meaning of a situation。

 either for yourself or for others， it stands to reason that you would want to know what are good frames to have and what are bad frames to have。

 and there's kind of two different versions of this。

 There's what are good frames and bad frames for yourself and what are good and bad frames for the environment or for the situation or for the girl。

 So internally or externally， you can have good and bad frames。

 an example of some good internal frames would be dealing with your outlook about what game is if you're embarrassed about the idea of doing game。

 then that's gonna to probably hold you back and give you some approach anxiety。 if。

 on the other hand， you're framed game as something exciting that you're doing something interesting that you're learning something that's empowering to in helping you grow and something you're excited about。

 well now you have a frame that's going make you a lot more likely to go out。

 do approaches and learn game。 So that doesn't even have to do with like the interaction between you and the girl。

 But that has to do with your interaction with game。 Also， if you frame。😊，For example。

 the fact that you're learning game as this idea of like， oh you're a loser， you had to learn game。

 you know you're less than in some way that's gonna be not the best frame for you to come from and that's probably going be harmful to you in your learning process on the other hand。

 you frame it as you have this unique opportunity this thing you can explore and that you're actually stepping up and making yourself one of the top few percentage of guys who actually know this skill that's a very different frame and that's quite possibly a more helpful frame So those are some examples of frames that will be useful to you with respect to yourself and understand that the exact same facts。

 the exact same life situation can be reframed in a way that's negative and hurtful and harmful to you or in a way that's positive and helpful to you and it is your choice which of those frames to take。

Similarly， within the scope of the interaction or you can look at maybe within the scope of your interaction with girls in general。

 excuse me， are you the type of person who sees yourself as offering value to girls and making their lives better。

 that would be a positive useful frame that's going to make you more confident make you act in a better way probably in the interaction or do you feel that you're like a value take you want something from them and you feel like you don't deserve them that kind of stuff if that's the case that's probably going to lead to a lot of more negative outcomes for you。

Specifically with the girl， you can take these general ideas and apply them to the particular context。

 so there's a context of who's providing value in the interaction you her or both right there's an idea of who has value。

 you her， both who has more value you her， who's chasing， who wants the interaction more。

 what is the agenda of the interaction is an agenda of win， win or is an agenda of win。

 lose if it's an agenda of like if you for you to win， she has to lose。

 that's probably a frame that's going to be less conducive to game。

There are also frames in the interaction about how you view sex。

 If you are very shy or very insecure or uncomfortable with the idea of sex。

 that frame that you have internally， if it's projected into the interaction is probably going to make the girl feel a lot of the same things or note a lot of the same things。

 that's going make her a lot less sexually open to a lot less willing to be adventurous。

 a lot less willing to have sex with you， have a one night stand with you or have sex with you know early in in the scope of knowing you。

 etc， so you can see the way that you're thinking about everything is being projected into the interaction and the way that you're viewing the interaction itself is going to affect the interaction。

So each and every little thing you do， each and every little thought you have is having a concrete substantial effect on the interaction。

 This is gonna to come across in various ways to come across in terms of whether you hesitate or whether you seem confident and just go forward with whatever you're saying is's gonna come across with the choice of words that you use for example。

 like maybe when asking for a girl's phone or if you say excuse me sorry could I have your phone number。

 That's framing it like she's doing you a favor by giving her number if on the other hand you're like yeah。

 you know seems like such bad company。 I guess I'll take your number。

 That's framing it more as a casual thing。 That's not a big deal。

 And also like it would be natural and normal for her to give you a number， It's not a favor。

 It's kind of a mutual thing because you both like each other。 So these frames are being。Enforced。

 put put forth， enacted， however want to whatever word you want to say they are present in everything。

 They're present in your body language， they're present in your eye contact， and they're very。

 very present in the words you use， hence the inclusion of the idea of frame in verbal game because every single sentence you utter has not just a frame。

 oftentimes many frames within it， and changing a sentence。

 changing a word can change the entire frame oftentimes。

