# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：02.打开-收尾模式：7.如何使用该系统【课程更新加微信kc58567】

So I want going to talk just briefly about how verbal game and the system as concepts and as models relate to each other this can be very important for your understanding of this course and how to use it。

 especially for those of you who have the system， but also if you've just kind of watched the recap。

 you understand the generalities of it So the system think of it as the skeleton of the interaction It's the fundamental things that need to be in place for the interaction to be what it is that's what it is it's the skeleton the interaction。

Think of verbal game as the muscles and tendons and organs that make that skeleton come to life。

 Okay， they're the things that implement that skeleton。So ever since I created the system。

 people were always coming out to me being like， well did you include this in the system。

 did you include this system， how do you do this， how do you do this？

 And my answer sometimes was that's not what the system was meant to be because if I were to do that if I was to try and include every little bit of it it would be a whole other course which now I'm making but it would also just be so incredibly complex so the system was designed to be a roadmap the way that you're supposed to use the system is this at every point in the interaction you say to yourself where am I what phase am I in and then by knowing that phase。

 you now know the type of thing you need to do So when you're in the premise phase。

 you need to do something premise you to have a line that's premiseacy or take an action that's premiseacy and that's going to move you towards that evaluation phase when you're in the evaluation phase you need to do a line or an action that is evaluating or that's going to get the go to qualify yourself and that is going to move you forward in the interaction to the next phase So the idea of the system is very。

 very simple。s not meant to be I was trying to make it as simple as possible I was trying not to overcomplicate it。

 the idea is this where am I what type of thing do I need to do that's it and then within the system to make it implementable I did give some example lines。

And things like that that you can use and things to fill in that process， of course。

 so that it's not completely theoretical， but it was meant to be very， very simple。

 right Ver game now is taking that to the next level。

 So when I say do something primacy a lot of guys were coming up to me after the system and saying like well。

 how do I do that， I understand the concept。 And if I were to sit down， know and think about it。

 I can come up with some primacy things to say， But in the moment on the spot with a girl sometimes I draw a blank。

 sometimes I can't come up with something like that？ And so verbal game is the answer to that。

 what is the specific implementation。 How do you come up with that primacy thing to say one。

 what are somepremacy lines， you can maybe have off the top of your head， But then two。

 how can you have those at all times， How can you have an infinite array of premise lines or evaluation lines or narrative lines or opening lines at your disposal at every given time。

 And how can you use those to convey your own personality and use those to be better and better rather than just like。

Following the framework， you know， you know， ploting forward through it。

 So that's what verbal game is。 is this idea of taking that framework and making it come to life。

 These are all these elements that， you know， you need to implement。

 The system tells you where you're at and what you need to do。 Verbal game tells you how to do it。

 And ideally， how to do it instinctively。 So you don't even have to think about it。

 So it becomes second nature。 So what is it， It's taking this framework， making it come to life。😊。

