# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：2.第三周实战：学生实战分解（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

Hello there hi I see like a girl with an interesting jacket type， I'm like， I don't know。

 I got to approach her and see what she's about。I'm not going to take your step about Okay， cool。

 So for that opener，s what's good and what's bad in your opinion？Yeah， no， just lie to me。 Yeah， No。

 what do you think， What's good， what's bad。嗯。 the good is that I continue talking regardless of what I was saying because then I realized。

Surep， the again， he already mentioned the distance。O。Also。Very， like。给ing悄衫。Sure， a little bit。

 maybe。Okay， so you are kind of excusing， explaining a little bit。 That's true。

 The other thing is you don't seem like you're super excited or you don't seem like。

 you know you just like kind of like， hi I'm here going through the motions， et ceter。

 it's kind of because you're going you are going over to approach。

 you're making this walk over in this commitment， But if it seems like you don't want to be there。

 then there's an incongruence on girl， oftentimes in that case。

 the girl may get suspicious or wises thist guy even talking to me or something like that。

 But you're the way the things you said are actually quite genuine。 It's gonna build some trust。

 So you'll actually probably especially with a seated set where the girl's you know。

 obviously not going anywhere。 not a huge amount of impact necessary to keep her attention。

 you'll probably get the open here。 and you're probably even get it。

In what is a socially favorable way， But there's difference been socially favorable and she's attracted to you。

 So you will get the open doing it this way， But you'll have dug yourself a little bit of a hole by being self-qualing。

 being a little too apologetic， etc ceter。 So it's workable， it's not the end of the world。

 but it's definitely soft and definitely you've given up a little bit of value if your tonality was。

 if your voice was a little louder， if your tonality was a little more biting and cutting And if your energy was a little higher。

 that would be good。 And then if you kind of just acted like。

I'm here and I don't have a problem with it as opposed to I'm here。

 and I feel the need to explain it。 So those， those are some things on the open。 Oh no， you're good。

 You're。 Oh good。 I had my coffee。 You ready。 You're good。 Yes， So what's your story。Well。

 let's start with your name。Nice to meet you。 So my if it。Just so you know。

 I do have a boyfriend really。I guess。My question is probably start with that。Hey， I mean。

 I'm open to girls with boyfriends。I decided it's not a flaw for me。Okay。So the boyfriend thing。

 the fact that you're getting that is good and bad， right， So if you're getting that。

 that means that at least she has seeing you as viably there as a sexual prospect。

That you at least came off that much manda woman。 So that's positive。 However， when you get。

 I have a boyfriend， it usually means that the amount of forwardness in the set exceeds the amount of value in the set。

 So， for example， on the open right it's very clear your intention to talk to her。

 it's your value hover is not as much。 So that's the kind of open that's gonna to get I have a boyfriend a decent amount。

That said， it'll happen you know， sometimes regardless， right， no matter how good your open is。

 sometimes you'll get， I have a boyfriend。How you handle I have a boyfriend is not that， right？

So the problem with that one is you're asking， so your opener kind of said。

 well your opener in being direct said I want to sleep with you is are you good with that right and then it wasn't super high value。

 Your response to have a boyfriend is I want you to cheat on your boyfriend with me even though you don't know me that well right the way to deal with the boyfriend early on。

 she doesn't know that much value。 But she at least tolerated your sitting is tolerating your company So that means you have a window to convey your actual personality and convey value。

 And once you've utilize that window， you're probably gonna have more value in her eyes than you do now。

So rather than ask her to make the decision， him or my boyfriend right now。

 Why not ask her to make that decision5 minutes from now after you've actually gotten an oring convey of value。

 So typically， what you want to do with， I have a boyfriend off the open is you just want to kick the can down the road and deal with it later。

 right so。Typically， that's cool。 Like I just met you。

 I figured we'd talk a little bit before we got into anything relationshippy anyway。

 something like that。 right， or no that's that's I don'。

 I don't mind as long as you're interesting to talk to I didn't， you know that kind of thing。

 And then you just talk for a little bit。 And then once she's， you flirted。

 And once there's attraction。 Then now maybe she regrets telling you she had a boyfriend。

 And then good things can happen。But here that's a very I don't mind girls with boyfriends。

I mean that is the swing for the fence's answer right you're going strike out the vast majority of the time and then every once in a。

 but oh okay right once in a blue moon， but yeah， not the most strategic。All right， nice its nice。

 yeah， it's nice to meet you anyways， Sure take it as a cup。Comlement or something there。

How's your day， by the way， I'm just curious Good good I just decided to stop with the shops and everything just take a little wtzs around。

 you know oh， that's what you do all day。You just chaper around。So I usually take the subway。

 but I figured I'd stop and get a coffee， you know， it's nice out Yeah。

 that's what I love about the city  10 parks and all of them were really chill。It's awesome。

 Are you originally from。Not necessarily okay。I'm not like a tor。 So no。

 obviously this girl as a boyfriend。 So the ship's probably mostly sailed on this anyway。

 And I was just trying to like use social。 Yeah， yeah， for sure。

 the critique I would give you in terms of socializing in general is try to ask fewer questions and give more value。

 meaning stories， opinions， jokes， teases that kind of stuff。

 things that are uniquely you because anything you ask about her， like what do you do。

 Where do you live， Those kind of things she's been asked them a million times and anything that comes out of that of value。

 that's value from her。But if you say you seem like you're this kind of person that's a unique perspective that you came up with。

 Or if you come up with a unique tease。 that's a unique thing you came up with。

 Or if you tell the story of yourself in the city， that's a story she's never heard before。

 So anything that comes from you thats gonna be of more value than a question。

 So not that it matters in this what I'm not gonna harshly critique the rest of the set or anything like that because know you probably already were like I'm just doing this to like run out the clock。

 get a little warmed up， etc ce。 But just as a general principle。

 The more you can offer value when you talkm。Yes， that's okay。 yeah I do that。 Yeah， thanks。Ex for。

That's awesome， All right， I guess this is nice to meet you。Sure。Take care and enjoy your day。

 you too all the。Hi there。I was walking by and I'm like， you know， she has an interesting look。

And I had to say hi， okay， so you said that already mentioned distance to you， right。

 So your your distance on the approach was actually fine。

 Like where you actually started talking from was fine。

 But then you got closer than you needed to unnecessarily， right， So in day game。

 they can hear you just fine without you having to be， you know， a foot away from them。

 And there will be more comfort just if you're not。

 But where you actually open from was good like right back here where like you're kind of behind the tree and kind of at a little distance。

😊，stay there for a minute。 feel it out。 Yeah， just you， you can stand a good， you know。

 yard away from her or21 half feet away or something like that，2 feet， whatever。

 Just you don't have to be like right up on top of her because just put yourself in her shoes。

 You're total stranger。 She doesn't know you if there was any discomfort。

 It's gonna be magnified by you being closer。 And then if she's comfortable with you。

 you can always get closer as you talk， You can always like kind of just kind of amble over or you can you know。

 turn and sit or something like that。 So yeah， the distance is a little bit too close。

 And then the same thing on the open here， which is you're just going straight into explaining yourself right away。

In general in game。Try to avoid feeling like you need to explain yourself。 okay。

 if you say something。That you think is imperfect and。

You feel like explaining or justifying rather than doing it right then wait and see because oftentimes she's not gonna to have the negative reaction you're anticipating。

 right Most times in game， you know all the things you were thinking。

 you know all the the things you could have said and you know all the insecurities you're having。

 And so you're assuming that she's sensing all of that。 Most of the time she's not。

 Most of the times she's catching a tiny fraction of it。

 And oftentimes all the bad reactions or bad impressions you think you're making。

It weren't made with her。 But as soon as you start justifying and explaining them。 now。

 it's assumed that those were the case。 right， There's a thing in improvisational comedy that we always learned。

 which is， if you mess up in the scene， like， let's say like in improv comedy。

 you're doing like fake objects right you're doing like you're chopping on like a fake cutting board or something like that。

 right， because you you don't have any props And if you fuck that up。😡。

Probably the audience doesn't know it。 But as soon as you go。

 oh shit and like point out that you fucked it up， the entire audience knows it and it breaks the scene and it just everything's ruined。

 So if you think you made a mistake unless it's just an egregious mistake that you're like this。

 you know， it's just addressed Yeah， rather than bring when you bring it up。

 it's front and center and she realized it until you bring it up。

 she probably doesn't know or didn't notice or didn't care that much nearly as much as you did。

 do I that on your open。 Yeah， So on your open。 there。I was walking by and I'm like， you know。

 she has an interesting look。And I had to say hi， right， So here at hi， look。

 I was walking by and she had an interest in look。 and I had to say hi。 You're like explaining。

 justifying， etc ceter。 Hey， excuse me。 I you look great。 I wanted to say hi。😊。

You see the difference between like， this is my intention。 This is what I'm saying。

 You're saying the same thing。 But now you're like all apologetic for like， hi， listen。

 So it's just walking by。 And I saw your look。 And right， while you're apologizing for for you。

 right， You're a gift。 You're a wonderful opportunity in her life。

 That's not something to apologize for It It's like her lucky day。

 But that subtle difference in interpretation is going to， it's going permeate yourself。

 It's gonna to make a big difference。So what's， what's your story。来是没去。Well， what's happening。

 what are you up to？I really。来找死。That's super cool。Right。It's trying to pretty bad with names。

But that's awesome。 So you this like you're， are you're enough for。

I'm going to guess no I'm originally from。Here。Okay， but。Wow， how is that like All right， So again。

 same as in the last set， Just too many questions right So when you okay， so first of all， I don't。

 I know the answer to this， but I want know if you know the answer to this。

 why do you ask questions and set what motivates you to do I want her I want her first all I want her to talk a lot Okay。

 yeah， you'd like to get her talking。 Sure I also want her to like invest。In dates in general。

 I get I try to get the pill talking more than。 Okay， so I kind of do that。Okay， so that's actually。

 that's actually a decent philosophy。 That's actually like a decent thing。

 decent reason for questions。 My guess was that the reason you're asking questions was that you just didn't know what else to say。

 right， That's， that's the most common thing， especially for the like， get to know you questions。

 right。If you're like， if your idea for asking questions is genuinely to get her to talk。

 it's actually good， but you should be asking interesting questions then and not boring questions。

 So it shouldn't be， oh， how long have you been here， Where are you from， what do you do。

 Those are boring questions， Intering questions Like she said she works or something like that。 Oh。

 it's interesting。 Like what what motivated you to do All， that's not you know。

 most kids when they stand up at five years old and say what do you do for a living they don't go I want to。

But it's funny because people I most of them are very happy people。Right now I added off I value。

 I had a perspective， I asked a more interesting question， not what do you do。

 but why did you get into it， what made you passionate about it etc cetera so that's the I want to get you talking question so like more high question。

More open ended open endeded questions， Why questions is fine questions that like give your perspective in answering the question where even as as you ask the question。

 you're offering value because it's a unique question Does that makes sense So what do you do for livings boring。

 Why did you decide to become a doctor， Was there some event that made it like made that a thing for you。

 That's an interesting question or didn't you want to like kill yourself during med school with all like the memorization。

 That's like a more interesting question Does that makes sense because you you brought your own perspective。

 you brought value to to the table。 So what to do instead of asking boring questions， One。

 ask interesting questions instead， which is completely fine and good2 is go ahead and ask the boring question。

 but then once you get the boring answer， then use that as a catalyst offer value So use that boring answer as a reason to tease them or to have a perspective or something like that。

 what do you do for a living， I'm a lawyer。 Oh， it's interesting。

 I was thinking about being a lawyer when I was in college but I decided not to for this this and this reason。

 how you do。With that。Right so now you actually offered some value around it or you know what do you do for living I'm a lawyer。

 oh shit well we're definitely not going get along。

 I always win my arguments and I just don'tan to do that here ego go so right you can tease different things like that。

 but so you can so first ask better questions to if you're going to ask the boring question。

 ask the boring question and use it as a catalyst。Or three answer the questions instead of asking it So instead of are you a lawyer or sorry instead of like what do you do for a living。

 you strike me as someone professional or like you seem like the type of person that works like an 80 hour week in X。

 Y Z right so you can answer the question But any of the things that you're trying to do is still offer value in some way。

he's young cold。I got to go real quick， can mind if I joined for a second？of like you're probably。

 this is kind of a new experience for you though， right？Like you said a year ago。Wow， all right， but。

 she not a shit girl， okay。Well， that's a good thing， I'm not into City Girl as much but。That's cool。

I guess see you work。That you like， is that your goal or？Is that your like main goal or is that your？

あれが悪い。But yeah， I do like sales。It's so funny only would you have like conversations in parks with like construction like right behind you。

It's a weirdest thing ever， but that's pretty cool， how you liking it？Yeah。

 so these are starting to be better questions right was that your goal are how are you liking it。

 those are better questions for sure。So now you're getting into more of a good。

 friendly vibe and more of like a sharing and。While she's doing most of the talking and it's mostly about her。

 you are at least having input， what is missing in this set in terms of Manda Woman？

I kind of gave away the answer in the question， but anyway。

So the man's woman thing is always tricky for me because I'm always trying to like。Avoid。

Im always trying to like， basically with day， especially， I'm trying to like be friendly。

impmped by just like teas using there as opposed to like and that game it's a lot easier where you could just go straight out that's why I think day game is harder for me personally okay。

Because I have to do the whole friendly talk and then。Interesting， so you actually。

 you actually do better an environment where you can just flat out show the show Normanda womanman。

 Okay， I'm gonna give I like give you permission。 Ie you with permission。

 whatever to do more mando woman in your day game。 That's completely fine。 right， at least so far。

 this is just like pretty damn platonic。 The only thing that' that's not platonic。

 The fact that you opened at all is a little bit not platonic。 Fair enough。

 And the fact that you said you you're not into city girls or whatever。

 That's sort of kind Amanda woman。 sort of kinda but it's not very， it's not very strong。

 So you could definitely do more。😊，I was here two years ago。细。好，好 the招声。Yeah， this is literally。

 I grew up here， I kind of hate， love， hate relationship， but I still fucking love it。

 like every time I travel I'm like， you're like what the fuck？It's real。 Yeah， it's crazy。

You live in this area or whatever is。That's good。 How do you like that。Really。

 I thank you for a hipster， but okay。🎼That's good。 right， That's actual teas。 nice。

 That's not like amanda woman tease， but it's a really good start。 And you don't。

 not all your teas have to be manda woman at all。 So that's that's really good。 That's very。

 very helpful。 It's the first time you've broken rapport。 It's the first time you've teased。 it's。😊。

Only like really the second time youmanda woman or， or more than just stranger to stranger。

 So that that's a very， very good。 Do more of that。 that came off very well and very， very natural。

 And you， you're coming off really nice and really sincere， which is， is fine for comfort。

 But it gives you the leeway to actually tease more。 And you have， you like， you're thinking like。

Like， if this is what like maximum you could get away with and this is like barely enough in set。

 you're like， right here。 And you're thinking you're being like edgy and risky or something like that。

 You have so much more that you could get away with than what you're doing。

 That's the thing of day game。 It doesn't likes in red environment great comfort。

 It's all about comfort or something。 No， you can。 You still can。 You're gonna。

 you can even say all the same lines in day game as you did in night game。

 You're just gonna put more normal conversation in between them and you're gonna deliver them a little less harsh。

 But you could say you could。😊，Like you could say you and I are not going get along in night game。

 You can say you and I you and I are not going get along in digging。 You could say， oh。

 I didn't take you for a hipster and night game You can say I didn't take you for a hipster and digging。

 You can say part of me likes you， part of me， know。

 things are gonna be bad news if we end up dating。 You can say that in both。

 You're just gonna not say it as harshly right like in digging you know， part of me likes you。

 part of me thinks it wast negative。 part of me likes you， of me is like。

 we are not gonna you know what I mean， Yeah， so there's a little difference in delivery in terms of intensity and frequency。

 but the same lines can go either one。like it is fun。It's pretty chill， yeah。

 I've been for a couple months and I'm like fuck that。It wasn't my vibe。

 but I still got along with a lot of people there that's got the end。这下。こいた。对 what。Yeah。

 it can be just probably you know。It's go。Kind of meet cute boys and all that， yeah。O。

So I guess we're both kind of in a rush， right， so And so that's good that trying to make cute boys and all that' that's fine。

I'm going to give you a nitpicky critique on that one。Which is。嗯。

Trying to meet cute boys implies some intentionality on her part。

 like she came to the park to try and like angle for cute boys， which is pretty sluty。

 But weirdly enough， if you were to say the slightly different version。 Oh， you know， sometimes。

 sometimes you you know， end up in the park talking to cute boy and get distracted。

 It seems like more like it just happens， now it's a lot more palatable for her and a lot easier for her。

 So the line's good。 But again， you don't want to ever try and imply that the girl is looking for sex or trying to have sex。

 because that makes her sluty， as opposed to when your teases imply that it just happens。

 it's a lot more acceptable for them。 So it's a I realize it right after。Yeah， yeah， Yeah， yeah。

 Now it's a good idea， though。 It's a good idea。 It's just the delivery is a little bit not perfect。

 Let's do this。 I don't know。 This week might not work out。 but next week， you know， if you're free。

 we'll grab a drink or something。 Yeah， its so cool。 yeah。😊，I of my phone， yeah， either way works。

You'll save it however you want to save it。All right， it's funny。

 He just did like the super pish thing and then hit。Nice， nice， nice。

 Typically anything you don't want to do things that imply that you do a lot of approaches or stuff like that。

 So typically I wouldn't， I wouldn't verbalize that， but， but it is funny nonetheless。

It's not a bad idea as you're getting the number to just kind of because this isn't this isn't a task that requires a lot of mental energy from her。

 keeping some topic or even some kind of even asking a question about future logistics or like how much she works or something like that is fine because it's useful information。

 but it's also filler while getting the number because this whole like you know。

 I'm silently entering my number while the guy stares at me， it is a bit awkward for her。

 So anything you can do to just lighten that and make it seem more like more like the number is。

A casual extension of the conversation and a bridge to the next conversation。

 as opposed to the number is the objective。 and I'm sitting there like， you know， like a hawk。

 making sure you put it in just the vibe can be the vibe can be improved。So there you go。

 or here you go or whatever that it kind of implies the like， you know， to something for you。 Yeah。

 it's， it's not the biggest deal in the world。 but again， it's。

it's it makes the number more of an event in and of itself。

 whereas you want the number to have just been like a foregone conclusion between between the fact that you like each other and you're going to see each other again。

It's so interesting I' kind， I don't know anything about but honestly， like though， no offense I。

I've never been to that part of the US。ISo here's a good example of something you can do， right？

I'm sure you know stereotypes about it or other things you can tease about that or something like that。

 right， Feel free。 It's okay to tease and be wrong to。

 the fact that you're being lighthearted and trying to tease and have fun makes a big difference。

 Also， I feel like you got a little more relaxed after getting her number here I just feel like loosened up and got a little more genuine。

'll how it plays out But oftentimes that happens。 Oftentimes guys。

 after the set either feels like a win to them or feels like a loss to them and they're no longer caring about they're no longer looking for a reaction or looking for an outcome。

 suddenly their game gets better。 So the fact you just got the number。 we'll have to see。

 but it seems like you might have just loosened up。

 A lot of guys loosened up right after hearing the girl has a boyfriend or something like that。

 because nothing to lose now。 And then they actually let themselves their normal personality come out that normal personality of when you already feel like you've won or already feel like you lost and you're not looking for a reaction。

 That's how you should be carrying yourself throughout the entire set。

 And now of a sudden you're like actually smiling， actually engaging etc。😊，Right。

 I think you like literally just like your soul like kind of took it like I got the number now now I can be myself somehow some way。

 whatever the mentality is where you're like I don't care about the outcome of either one or I've lost and I'm not trying anymore and you relax if you can get that from the start it gonna make your game tremendously easier So yeah。

 so going and just assume like I've one upve lost or like this doesn't matter or I don't care I'm just having fun whatever mentality like that you can get that lets you just loosen up because this is just your vibe is just improve massively。

Not worth it。然。I mean，I'm sure， I mean， I've actually heard like people from like that side of the where like fuck it like they leave and they're like。

 I'm done with it， that's cool though。I personally， like I know people from the city who are like。

 oh， I wish I can get a quiet。Like quiet time and shit and like fuck that。Like I love the city。

 I love the rush。And you have parts with constructions and this is good。

 like expressing your personality， expressing opinions。

 whether or not she even agrees with your opinions。

 just the fact that you are expressing them freely is great。Two girls sitting on the bench， yeah。

Look at that actual Amanda womanman， nice， I don't know if you can get that。喂。NoThat's fun。

婶 nice to meet you。Take care of all the guys So there。

 I don't know how long you had between where you were and and。

You certainly could have stayed a few more minutes and made it more solid if you wanted to。

 you didn't need to。 And you did say you don't have to leave it a minute。

 And so it's not weird for you to leave now。 but you certainly had permission to stay longer if you wanted to。

 And given that with the phone number， you're gonna have to go on a date and get to nowhere。

 Pu in more of the get to know you before getting the number， we'll make the number more solid。

 So you certainly could have stayed longer if you wanted to。 So you mean。

 like just in terms before after getting the numbers is the same thing。Yeah。

 you could stay longer before getting the number。 You could stay longer after weirdly enough。

 time spent after getting the number is actually better as an antiflakking measure than time spent before。

 because time spent before getting the number is， well， first of all。

 you relaxed and became fun after getting the number。

 Like if you continued being that awesome self you know。

 would have really helped with your antiflking。 But time spent after the number。

 even if you were know charismatic both times after getting the number。

 you guys have committed to you like each other。 And there's a possibility of hanging out。

 And she's now interacting with you with that positive expectation。

 So the time after the number is actually more more useful or more useful per minute Spence or whatever for comfort building than the before time was。

😊，So if you if you had two sets， right， you have 25 minutes before getting the number and like you leave right as soon as you get the number versus you have 10 minutes before getting the number and 10 minutes after。

 even though that second set was shorter， 20 minutes instead of 25。

 you would be much more likely to have the girl actually show up。Hi there。Hello there。

You have this intriguing look。You have this intriguing look about you。So I was like curious。

 I had to say hi。So what's happening， what's of the book？Okay， cool。You you did the right thing。

 but you did the wrong thing。 too。 So you said hi there， hello， they're high， whatever。

 that kind of thing， which is good that you did it， because that's what you needed。

 which was a preoper。 However， you needed a preoper that actually got her attention and that she actually heard right So you did the right thing。

 However， it was wasted because she didn't hear it And then by the time you got to the actual opener。

 even though you had done a preoper because she didn't hear it， she took it。

 I kind of confused And as if it came out of nowhere。 right， So the big thing there is just。

Projection and vocal tonality， right， if she hears your pre opener。

 that would have been great her not hearing it。 It was it made it awkward。

 but you did the right thing verbally though。Ient lean thank you for the soul。

Or what the soul the soul？What， where are you from。啊S。How do you。How long ago have you moved here？

Well， tellll me something cool about you because I gotta go in a second。 Okay cool So here。

 your intention of qualifying her is a good one in a general sense。

 but she's just not ready for it yet right You're trying to qualify the girl before because what you've gotten from her right now is she's engaging with you on kind of a politeness level。

 but she hasn't like bought in or really commit or anything like that。

 So tell me something cool about you。 This would have been a great thing to say in the last set right towards the end when when she actually already liked you already giving a number to solidify that set。

 But here it's a little premature。😊，Unfortunately。Yeah， I'm going to leave it in a second but。That's。

 that's actually fine。 It'd be better technicallyvoy。 I gotta go in a minute。

 or I can't stay along anyway or something like that。 But in this case。

 since what she said was actually。Sort of a rejection。

 It's not even so bad that you said it that way。 So's that's fine， too。 And the persistence is good。

 like polite persistence。That's， it's good。 A lot of guys would not have the。

 like the character for that。 that's good。Just give me one cool thing。

let me do the thing that just didn't work again。 man it was that buying yourself time with the time constraint to try a different thing was good。

 You just tried the same thing。😊，If tried a different thing， it would have been a good idea。

It might be worth it， yeah。I know what you think about me， but I'm busy and I have a boyfriend。

 sorry。Thank you。 Okay cool。 So in general， big takeaways number one on your open bring more energy and it doesn't mean to be a dancing monkey or be a clown or anything like that。

 but act like you actually want to be there and like you think this is going to be fun and interesting as opposed to like。

already made me do this， I'm walking the plane here we are， you know what I mean？

Ca if you seem like you don't want to be there， she's gonna sense that and she'd like。

 why is this guy talking to me if he doesn't want to be here， So it's gonna make incongruence。

 So bring more energy， that's the first one。 Secondly， louder voice。

 right you don't need to shout at the girl because it's day game。

 but if if this is like the level that you can be heard at。

 be louder because there's points for being assertive on top of the level to be heard。

 Like you don't want to be like shouting and screaming， that's way， way， way too much。 but。You know。

25% louder than necessary。 or a good rule of thumb is if I'm talking to you and we're right now right now。

 we're like 2 and a half feet apart。 as if I was talking to you if we're5 feet apart。

 So as if I was talking to someone that's a couple feet behind you instead of talking to you。

 So I'm not like shouting。 But instead of like， hi， sorry， I wanted to talk to you。

 And I'm just like， hey， excuse me， I just wanted to talk to， you know， I mean。

 just a little bit more。 So it's impactful。 So that's the first thing， volume and energy on the open。

 Second thing on the open。Don't excuse yourself unless you need to if you get a negative reaction and you need to explain after getting or like a fline or an indication there might be something negative。

 then by all means explain but the default assumption is not that you're a burden or imposing on them but that you're providing them a gift and they should be super happy to talk to you that's your default assumption until and unless there's evidence to the contrary if there's evidence to the contrary by all means explain if you have to or false time constrain to keep it there if you have to but your default is you're an awesome good looking guy offering value etc beyond that once you're inet fewer questions and if you're gonna ask questions ask good ones so good questions are questions you actually care about the answer to or questions where you're giving input or an opinion within the question。

And or when you ask questions， try and to tease a bit more。You do a good job of sitting with girls。

 It's a good instinct。 You do a good job of being genuine。

 like I think girls think of you as if you can。 and that's the period for building trust and finding out logistics to try and make the number more solid。

But yeah， overall。Overall， you're doing， you're doing a decent amount of things well。

 And if you do these kind of approaches， they are good enough that you can play a numbers game right。

 So if you do enough approaches， you'll get numbers， numbers can lead the dates， etc ceter。

 on the dates， you are gonna need to flirt。 But it sounds like you're actually okay with that， right。

 Yeah， So you're you're decent on dates。Even on dates though。

 make sure the questions are of the right nature。All。

 so I'll give you a couple exercises that you can do to practice exercise one。

And this one practice it out of set and then adopt it inset。

 But think of all the normal get to know you questions you would you would ask and think of ways that you can。

Prase them more interestingly or answer them instead of asking them。

 So instead of what do you do for a living， you seem like you might be this or in terms instead of where you're from be like。

 please don't tell me you're from whatever right So that kind of thing is one good way to go。

The other one is what I call question answer Ts， which is ask the boring question。

 get the boring answer， and then come over with the T's off of it。So for that。

 what I'd say is if the boring question is what do you do for a living？

Then maybe Google like list of jobs and they go what do you do for living oh I'm in sales， teas。

 what do you do for living I'm a lawyer tease and you practice having a tease for every single one of those or what do you have for breakfast？

Waffles， teas， coffee， teas， didn't eat breakfast to tease， right？

Does that make sense and you may not even ever use those lines。

 you will probably because those will be common questions。

 but the exercise of having done it and just practicing that teasing muscle when you're actually in set。

 these things are going to come to you much， much， much more often。

Because you're thinking into A' Day game， I can't get away with that much or whatever。

Again this is what you're doing， this is what you could be getting away with like you're nowhere near pushing the limit right if I to show you my dig game sets actually I'll do it as a quick bonus for I'll show you a couple little clips of myself after we turn the camera off just because like ITs way。

 way， way， way， way， way， way way more than you are like so much more okay you can get away with so much more than you're doing。

I guess I'm gonna start doing stupid shit。 I guess I'm gonna start doing stupid shit。 Yeah。

 don't do stupid shit， just like。Don't hide your intentions or hold back。

 So if you've done well in night game and have good instincts for a night game。

Do largely the same thing in day game， just tone it down slightly。

Does that make sense So if in night game you would tease then in day game tease but do it less harshly。

 or if in night game you would tease you know a bunch of times in quick succession in day game tease。

 a little get to know you tease， a little get to know you tease， just break it up a little bit。

 but you still do all the same things。So game is not fundamentally different day and night。

 it's just softer in the data， but it's not that you take out all the game elements。

