# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：11.播种与循环渐进_enc.dolit

So now I've given you the theory， I've given you the tools。

 now we're going to specifically put it together into direct game applications And so the first sort of game application I want to talk to you about is seeding and babystepping and these are things that you will have heard in the context of escalation in the context of taking a girl home in the context of setting up plans those kind of things So seating and babysstepping are basically the idea of either mentioning an idea several times before actually asking for it。

 which is you're creating this sort of precedent， this idea that this is an established thing。

 it is something that's been sort of vaguely agreed to many times before actually asking for it or even babystepping。

 which is instead of asking for one big thing or doing one big escalation。

 you do five little ones along the way， which are much less likely to be like resisted or come across within any kind of negative negative response。

 but also each time that the girl says yes each the girl either says yes or doesn't say no。

 she's building more。in consistency。 it's whats called a yes ladder。

 she gets used to saying yes to this， saying yes to that。

 saying yes to that and each yes gets easier and easier。

 and both of those are incredibly useful and powerful techniques in game not just because you're getting the girl used to the idea of a close and okay with the girl with the clothes and also you can size up how she's doing along those lines like if you bring up the idea of you hanging out with the girl after the bar several times you're going to find out any objection she has you're gonna to find out her attitude about it。

 but also each time you bring it up and she doesn't say no。

 you're making it more of a concrete thing that's likely to happen each time you move the girl around the bar prior to moving her home。

 you're making a baby step towards her eventually making a bigger move with you in that being completely comfortable and okay so these ideas of seating and baby steppingping with respect to venues with respect to physical escalation with respect to the words you use gradually escalating are incredibly incredibly powerful techniques in game and they do give the girl an impression of what's going on they do give you the ability to calibrate。

 but they also。A powerful because they rely on this concept of commitment and consistency in setting the frame that this particular thing is a likely event in the future。

 setting the frame that this is the direction this interaction is going on， and that is a very。

 very powerful frame to set。