# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：3.开场白：5.情景打开（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Next step opener and address is the situational opener。

 And this is basically where you are just commenting on something in the。

 the sort of inherent situation， something in the environment as your opener。

And I typically don't like this opener very much， but it does have some good uses。

 So we will address it。 The problem with this opener is that it tends to be very weak。

 and it tends to be very safe， which means it's the opposite of emotionally relevant。

 It's the opposite of polarizing。 It's the opposite of highly engaging。But in some contexts。

 that's actually a good thing。 So in situations where opening at all might be awkward。

 a situational opener can give you a chance to maybe try something with minimized risk。So let's say。

 for example， you're in a situation where there are a ton of people around right Like maybe you're in a crowded subway or something like that。

 And any kind of open you do is essentially done publicly。

 It's essentially a lot of people are gonna see it。 And that shouldn't be a problem for you。

 you should be able to deal with that social pressure。 But for the girl。

 it might put her under a lot of social pressure。 So situation like that。

 you might want to just make a situational comment。

 something that's just kind of like conversational， even almost bland。

 And if the girl is receptive to talking and is friendly。 she'll engage with you。

 And that engagement gives you a lot more permission to carry things forward and have a normal conversation。

 whereasas if you were to go something really blatant and direct right from the get go。

 it might be really awkward for the girl。 And even if she liked you because she kind of feels the eyes on her knows the situation。

 she might respond negatively。 And even possibly you might even get a situation where like other people get involved or some kind of like white night bullshit or whatever。

 So that's unlikely， but it could happen。 So this。😊，safe opener can be good in that kind of context。

 Another situation where a situational opener might make sense is one where you already kind of have a decent thing going and you don't need to take a lot of risk So potentially in some cases where you're introduced to someone and you're gonna be with them for a while and you just need to make conversation。

 you don't need to take a big risk on the open because you're gonna get a decent amount of time to convey your personality anyway。

 So doing something super gamey or super like outlandish on the open would just be kind of uncalibrated another one would be a situation where someone's gonna be with you for a period of time。

 for example， someone a girl sits down next to on an airplane you don't need to have some like direct。

 hey， I thought you're a cute opener as the first thing you say to her because she's gonna be next to you for hours。

 if that goes badly could be extremely awkward。 And if any kind of decent conversation goes， well。

 you'll have plenty of time to make the conversation go in a proper direction because again。

 you're gonna be together for hours。 So there are times when this actually can be a decent opener。

So examples of this off the top of my head。 And again， situational。

 So it's hard to be situational off the top of your head。 without a situation。 But for example。

 say you you're in line at like a Starbucks and you just comment on how long the line is today。

 It's very boring， very bland。 but it's very socially okay， politically correct。

 no one can possibly have any objection to you saying it。 And you know。

 someone who is friendly and willing to converse will probably at least interact a little bit with it。

 The downside of this open is because it gets you very little distance forward in the interaction。

 Oftentimes， even the majority of times， you're going to have to stack some kind of other opener after it。

 So it's almost more of a like a preop or almost more of just a starter feeler opener where afterwards。

 if you say， you know， the lines way along here。Girl might be like， yeah。

 I know what you mean or something like that。 or like， yep， that's a Tuesday。

 But she's not gonna do something that's super committed or that's gonna like really carry the interaction for it。

 So you're gonna have to go from there and you're gonna have to provide more impetus。 right。

 You're gonna have to either maybe go off of what she says and continue it and we'll talk a lot about how to do that next week。

 How to continue a conversation off of off of kind of a prompt。

So that's one thing you might have to do。 Or she might just give you very little and you may have to then stack a different type of opener afterwards。

 So again， not the most ideal opener in some ways， but it is in nice soft icebreaker in difficult situations or a nice soft icebreaker in situations where you actually have so much time that you don't need to risk anything off the open and you can just put out a feeler and see what comes back and when it works。

 it will have been extremely low effort extremely low investment and it won't come off like a pickup in any way。

 it'll come off very， very natural。 So again， in those introduction situations in those you're gonna be with them for a longtime situations in a situation where you're going to have another opportunity to talk to them later no matter what you do。

 those can be good situations。 Another situation where you might do something situation might be something like if there's a girl at the gym that you've seen there before。

 you know you're gonna see her again， maybe just throw out like a situational thing when you're near her if she responding converses with you great。

 if not you at least engaged with her， you drop it move on And then when you see her the next time。

 you can say something else。 And there's a little more familiar。

There's the fact that you weren't trying her or won't pick you the first time。

 And there might be a little more comfort established。 So again， there are uses for this。

 not something I would recommend in a typical walkup to the girl cold approach situation because it's just not impactful enough。

 but there are situation where it can make some sense。 So you want some concrete examples。

 Let's say you're at the gym。 And there's some like new thing that's going on there。

 You might comment on the event they have at the gym or you're your apartment and they're doing some kind of like a holiday event。

 You comment on the decor of the event。 something like that can make sense。

 or maybe you're on an airplane and girl sit down next to you and be like， oh thank God。

 they always put me next to the crying baby。 hopefully making it actually better than it should be because I about to make push I was about to say hopefullyll be better company。

 But if you drop that last part and， thank God usually get satAT next to the crying baby that would be a bit of a situational opener。

 So any kind of comment on the situation that can just get things started。

 this kind pleasant and conversational not necessarily man to woman can be good。😊。

