# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：5.西奥迪尼 概念（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

When it comes to frames and persuasion， I absolutely have to share with you one of the best books I ever read in my entire life。

 which was a book called Influence by Robert Schaldini， basically it' called influence。

 how and why people agree to things and what he had done Chalini was a psychologist I think maybe a social psychologist。

 maybe just a psychologist， I don't know。 But he had basically broken down the factors that make people more likely to say yes。

 what are the things that make people to agree to something rather than disagree with it。

 he broke it down to a few factors I' list off for you。

 And those factors would be commitment consistency， scarcity， reciprocity， authority。

 liking and consensus。 consistency is the idea that when someone has done a particular thing in their lives。

 they start to identify with that thing and then they're more likely to do it in the future So say for example。

 if someone identifies with a particular religion or political party or charity or something like that。

 they are very。There's sort of a stickiness to that because they've put some time and effort and investment into that thing。

 they're less likely to want to hear negative things about it。

 they're more likely to try and justify away other things around it。

 they're more likely to adopt other views that people that are in that organization adopt because they have identified instead they've had a decisions along those lines and then they've identified their personality or their identity along those things and it's made them more committed more consistent to it。

 Similarlyly， if someone has consistently in a relationship behaved in a certain way。

 they will be more likely to continue behaving that way because again they view that is in their character or the natural order of things or whatever than if they hadn't done so this is commitment and consistency So once you've behaved in a certain way there is sort of a momentum almost to continue behaving that way and this is a very useful thing in a lot of areas of game and of life in Chalini's book I believe he actually used commitment and consistency to explain how prisoners of war were actually brainwashed in POW。

During during a particular war。 So anyway， very， very powerful technique when utilized in the wrong hands and also very powerful in the right hands。

 which hopefully will be the hands you guys are using it in。

 So commitment consistency is the first one。 Second one， scarcity。When something seems scarce。

 theres a lot more impulse， a lot more urgency to get it than when it's not scarce。

 And this actually makes sense。 This one's actually relatively rational。

 But the problem is that scarcity is relative scarcity can be faked in a lot of different ways。

 And if something is made to appear more scarce， people will say yes to it more by it more of those kind of things by into it more then if it doesn't appear quite as scarce。

 So one example of this in game would be when for example， if you're leaving town soon。

 a lot of times girls that have been flaking on you or are giving like a lot of they don't seem that motivated to see you all of a sudden when they find out you're leaving town soon and you won't have that opportunity all of a sudden they will unflake they will actually show up and meet you and as a phenomenon I've had a lot of times when I've moved out of a city as I hit the old numbers I tell them I'm moving and I tell them this thing。

 and then all of a sudden these girls have been flaking on me for months。

 all meet up with me within like a week。 And so it's a very interesting phenomenon。

 but it's scarcity It's the fact that。Thing won't be around for long。

 So there's actually a motivation to do it now。 is the motivation to get up off your ass and do something about it。

 As opposed go， I can do it later。 there's not a lot of motivation。 So scarcity or implied scarcity。

 false scarcity， even is a very powerful motivator in terms of psychology。 Next up， reciprocity。

 reciprocity is the idea that if someone does something for you。

 you have some kind of a social or moral obligation to do for them。 And this one almost is。

 I believe， biological， right because we have been in tribes。

 We've been evolving socially for thousands and thousands of years， maybe as low animals。

 even into the millions of years。So there is this idea of like sort of teamwork and community that has been a big part of our survival。

 and in fact， there's a lot of research that the way that we interact in a social environment is a strategy called tit for Tat。

 which is that when someone does something for you you'll usually reciprocate and do something for them。

 when someone does someone something against you， you may do something back against them。

 you may kind of abandon them back there's a great example of the sort of psychological dilemma called the prisoners dilemma which illustrates this really。

 really well but the idea is when someone is nice to when someone gives you something。

 you feel a social and moral obligation to give back to them and this makes sense because in a small tribe if you constantly had people giving to you and you never gave back you'd get a bad reputation and that would actually hurt you but。

This can be used because oftentimes， if you've just given somebody something。

 they feel more of an urge to give back to one simple way that this one is used in game。

When I do online dating， if I want to get a girl's number like I want to go from the dating app to a phone number。

 I have found that statistically if I say what's your number or something just asking for her number directly that has a lower percentage chance of getting a yes than if I say this is my number what's yours so weirdly enough by giving my number first and asking hers which actually makes her giving her number there's less reason for her to even give her number but I get her number on a higher percentage basis by using reciprocity by putting out there this is my number。

 what's yours as opposed to just saying what's your number I'm basically showing that I trust her enough to give her my number and so she would feel it would be weirder for her。

 it'd be more socially in ade of her to deny her number back Another factor that's very key on our decision making is the idea of authority we grew up as kids listening to our parents listening to our teachers。

In this kind of worldview that there is someone who knows more than us， I mean。

 even we have professionals right， we go to a doctor when we're sick， we go to a lawyer。

 if we have legal problems， various things， we go to tech support when we're having trouble with a machine so there are people who are more expert than us in an area and there is a tendency to trust those people So to the extent that you can make yourself an authority in an area or make yourself seem like an authority in an area。

 you're going to get a lot more people saying yes to you going along with you， etc。 And again。

 this is very useful， it makes a lot of sense in life。

 but it also is also something that can be manipulated and has been manipulated for right and for wrong by various people throughout history。

Next up， we have liking liking is just simply that you're more likely to do things for someone who you like。

 even if the thing itself is not something you want to do。 So in this case。

 you're doing it more for the favor or more to like encourage a positive。

 amicable relationship than for the actual thing and people will again go along with things with people they like a lot and the final one is consensus which is kind of like social pressure or like the idea that when a lot of people are doing something。

 it's more likely to be the right thing to do。 So if in doubt people follow consensus。

 So let's say like historically you're in a particular unusual situation you don't know what to do and you see everybody around you doing a particular thing。

 if you don't have other information that strongly tells you what they're doing is wrong。

 it's most likely that you're gonna to follow the crowd that you're going to say okay well。

 it's unlikely that all these people are wrong， they all seem to be doing it。

 it must be okay and a lot of people will go very wrong by following the crowd in a lot of cases there've been。

Obviously， like things like investment bubbles and things like that are examples of people following the crowd to disaster。

 But generally historically， know over thousands or millions of years following the crowd。

 if you didn't know what you're doing was a good strategy。 However， again。

 this is a strategy that can be exploited by people choosing to to manipulate in various ways both for good and for bad。

 So it's very important to be aware of these one to keep yourself from being manipulated by them So you can understand。

 wait I'm not doing this because it's actually the right thing to do。

 I'm doing because I'm just trying to curry favor with this particular person or I'm not doing this because it's actually the right thing to do I' thought it out。

 I'm like mindlessly following the crowd。 if you can be aware of those things。

 if you aware of those biases in yourself， you can actually improve your own decision making。

 So that's a very useful。 But also these things can be used to motivate or encourage people to make certain decisions rather than others。

 And again， hopefully you're using this power for good rather than for bad。 but these are very。

Powerful techniques so we've explained these kind of briefly here and what we're doing in most of these cases we're doing one of two things in terms of frame。

 where either changing the meaning of the decision。

 whether if it's about this one thing or it's about something more broader or more general or we're changing the decision criteria we're changing what some of the information about the decision is we're changing the meaning or the decision criteria and this is a general look at these factors but it probably seems a little theoretical little ivory tower theory even though I've given you some examples you're kind of like okay well that's great Todd about how does it apply to my life what we're gonna to do throughout the rest of this week's modules is we're going take this theory that we've discussed the ideas of frame。

 the ideas of frame control， those kind of things， the ideas of these principles that make people agree to various things and we're gonna make them much more practical for you from here。

