# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：1 - 什么是叙事，为什么它是最后的？（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

So this week we're gonna to get it a narrative and it's something we mentioned briefly at the very start of the course。

 but it's taken us to nearly the end of the course to go to it in depth。

 And that's funny because narrative is one of， if not the most important part of game。 In fact。

 it's what a lot of people would like game to be。 it's what a lot of people think of when they think of game。

 and that is that part where you're building a connection with the girl。

 the part where you are building a relationship where you're becoming fundamentally different then just two attractive people you're becoming a couple an item relationship。

 however you want to phrase it Most guys instinctively want to have narrative。

 Most guys want to create a narrative with a girl when you see a girl that you're attracted to when you see a girl and I want to have a relationship with that girl。

 the first thing you want to do is rush into a relationship the problem is that doesn't work you can't have a narrative until she's ready to and in fact。

 trying to build a narrative until you've established kind of the foundations underneath it。

 it's not going to work very well at all。 In fact， it's gonna be probably need that's going。

het is probably going to turn the girl off。 And so the idea is this。 Girl want to connect to。

 but they want to connect with a guy who they view as being high value and having you know the ability to attract them and setting the proper frame and giving them a good experience。

 And if that's all the case， they're gonna want to have the narrative。 And in fact。

 the best way to have narrative in your interactions the best way to create relationships is for the girls to be pursuing you for the relationship rather than the other way around。

 So rather than being this guy who， mean worst case would be the guy who is like completely friends zoned has never even shown any kind of of premise whatsoever with the girl。

 and then he suddenly declares the intentions says I want us to be this。 That's very。

 very offput to the girl very， troubling to the girl。 It makes the girl distrust you。

 It's also really needy and even almost a little bit creepy from the girl's end。 On the other hand。

 imagine the guy who's been all these attractive qualities and had this great experience with the girl and maybe they've you had sex a few times or maybe the girl just been tempted to have sex with them or something like that。

 And now she。Wondering can I have this guy and she starts asking him， hey， can we be together， Hey。

 what are we， Hey， you know do you want to maybe go on a date with me？ That's the ideal scenarios。

 The ideal scenario is that narrative should occur with her being the pursuer of it with her wanting it as much or more than you do and then that's gonna make it very easy whereasas if you're trying to create narrative out of nothing。

 we're trying to create narrative as the first step you're gonna be that needy， clingy。

 desperate guy that is not going get very far with a girl to redefine again we talked about it the start but to define in some depth。

 what is narrative narrative is essentially synonym for story a story can be called a narrative and that's simply what narrative is it's the story of you and her it's the story of what you mean to each other a good way of thinking about it is what would the girl tell her friends after So if you meet a girl and afterwards。

 maybe exchange your numbers you're going want to date and she's bragging to her friends about this cool guy she and she's talking about how excited she is to see you and she's。

You know thinking about all these positive qualities and how you its gonna to impress her friends and how she can't wait to brag that's gonna be really。

 really good。 On the other hand， if the narrative is one of you know she doesn't really know much about you or the narrative is one of you guys like kind of giggled a little bit and more're silly together but she doesn't really have like an idea that you're like a high value guy or if a narrative is one where she did something with you and then she later kind of like regrets it or thinks oh maybe that wasn't the right guy and she has like buyerss remorse。

 those are all very negative narratives So there's positive narrative。

 no narrative and negative narrative and I want to have you very strongly in the sort of domain I guess of positive narrative in terms of how you interact with girls So the question that I want you to have in your mind is after our interaction whether it be the first time you're meeting or the1 time you're meeting or whether it be deep in a relationship but when you're not around and she's around other people or when she's just by herself thinking about you what is this story that's in her head what is the。

She's going to tell herself to brag to herself about you and what is the story she's going to tell others to brag to them about you and if you can craft that if you can have her thinking of you in a positive way even when you're not around。

 you're going to have a really robust and really strong relationship so that's what we're going for throughout this module。

