# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：9 - 场地升级 - 亲密关系场地（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The final venue I want to talk to you about is a more intimate venue。

 usually your place or her place， something like that。

 although there are other possibilities depending on the situation， it could be a tent in the woods。

 it could be a secluded bathroom， who knows， but be it could be a lot of different things。

 but it's a place where there is a possibility for intimacy and there's a possibility for things to occur of a sexual nature。

 et ce， et cetera， usually probably might' say like upwards of 95% of the time。

 it's going to be your place or her place。So that's what we're talking about when we're talking about intimate location now。

The fact that a girl has decided to be in an intimate location with you。

 again similar to what I talked about the date location means that she likes you。

 probably almost certainly， and maybe more importantly it means she trusts you right she trusts you with her safety you trusts that you're not going to do awful things to her you're not going drug her murder or rape or anything like that。

And so that's why she's willing to come back with you。Sometimes that's all right again。

 I mentioned the situation of the student I had who girls would go home with him。

 but they didn't expect anything because he had that reputation as being the guy who would never make a move for him taking a girl home did not mean that she had it in her mind to have sex with him because she just felt safe and that was it but she did go with him because of the safety Most times you will have already been through a location。

 an isolation location， a poll or date location and now you're finally at the intimate location and if you're doing the right things along the way。

 specifically I mentioned in particular escalating a bit at at the date location。

 well in that case by the time the girl does come home with you not only should she trust you there also should be some kind of arousal and also some kind of an understanding and agreement that the interaction you have is man's woman because you've been making out or because the conversation has been very flirty or because you've been doing hypotheticals about you and her like if you did。

Have a relationship although the silly， crazy things that could happen and why it would work or why it wouldn't work etc。

 So those kind of topics have been broed in they're part of the conversation。

 But do bear in mind that the reason that she came back to your place or the reason that you went to her place。

 the primary factor that you know exists is that comfort and trust It's not necessarily the aroused。

 So understand that just because a girl comes home with you does not mean she's agreed to have sex with you and just because the girls invited you back to her place does not mean she's agreed to have sex with you And in fact。

 if you try and have sex too quickly if you try and be push for it。

 you're going to not only get a rejection if she's not ready for it。

 but you'll also be destroying the very comfort and trust that made her want to be in that situation in the first place and you may end up getting kicked out of her place or you may end up with her leaving in a hurry or her being very uncomfortable that sort of thing。

 So you do want to escalate very slowly。 again， similar to the date location。

 you can assume a good deal of that she likes you and that things are on especially if you already had those positive locations leading up to it However。

 don't be so assumptive that。You are not taking proper sort of patience with the escalation and also understand that ironically。

 even though the reason that she may became home when you or invited you to her place or whatever was because there was trust and comfort。

 the very fact that you are there is by its nature taking away some trust and comfort because it is an inherently kind of risky situation for her So if your're trust and comfort so maybe there's a threshold。

 you have to be at level7 trust and comfort to be invited back to her place。

 but just by being invited back all of a sudden that's gonna to take away three and a half of those levels And so now she's more uncomfortable than she was before。

 you may have to spend some time with her just hang out without making a move for her to get back to that level of comfort that she is at when she initially invited you in and to get to that point where she feels totally good about the fact that she invited you in as opposed to a little bit nervous and a little bit good simultaneously so don't be in a rush once you do get to that isolation or sorry that sorry the intimacy venue。

But you do want to gradually escalate。 it's also very important in the intimacy venue situation to know what kind of timeframe you're dealing with。

 And if you can extend the timeframe that's good。 So a lot of times maybe say， for example。

 meet a girl late at night at a bar and you don't have that much time before the bar closes you end up being the last people talking to each other at the end of the night。

 but you haven't made you haven't had a long discussion。

 but you're both kind of like still in a social mood， you're not particularly tired。

 you decide to hang out a little bit at maybe a late night diner or something like that or you grab a quick snack or whatever or grab one more quick drink somewhere and then you still want to hang out。

 you go back to her place Now if you end up you know leaving after half an hour and she goes to bed and you go to bed and whatever things probably won't happen but if it turns out that you're just allowed to stay over because you haven't overstayed your welcome you haven't made her nervous or uncomfortable and she doesn't mind just a cuddle in that case instead of having like half an hour to work you now have eight and a half hours to work and you also when you wake up in the morning I mentioned how like just。

She level7 to let you into the place and then like it goes down to level three and a half because you're there。

 Well if you stay over the night and haven't done anything creepy and haven't murdered her asleep and haven't try to do anything weird sexual to or anything like that by morning。

 maybe it was at7 it went to three and a half maybe by morning it's at like9 and a half or 10 and you have a ton of permission and then things are looking really really good just buying yourself more time just letting having the girl stay over at your place just staying over her place actually can do a lot for you because primarily you do have a lot of this trust and comfort and again if you haven't built up the attraction and arousal。

 you're going to need to do that but you should do that gradually over time rather than all at once because especially if you've had all this time and interaction。

 you had the meet venue isolation venue date venue and you didn't get man to woman in any of that you just had a good conversation you get back to her place and all of a sudden you're trying to get superman to woman not only is she maybe not comfortable for that but also you're violating what you promised her you were this one person up to here and now you're being a different person So if you start escalating from zero back at an intimate location you really。

Need to ramp it up slowly okay， so it is absolutely essential that you ramp it up if you want something to happen。

 but you should be patient and ramping it up too fast is one of the absolute cardinal sins and one of the biggest things you want to avoid。

