# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：2 原型：1 - 公主_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So at about this point you're probably saying to yourself thanks for all the great theory。

 Todd but how do I actually use this in the real world how do I on a practical level apply this to the girl in front of me and I've given you a lot of ways guess and check as a technique learning as you go as a technique focusing on value focusing on comfort etc。

 but what I want to do right now is I want to talk about specific common archetypes you're likely to see first of all。

 because you're going to see these archetypes but also because they show you how you can use these factors to adjust to the archetype The first archetype I want to talk to you about is an archetype we'll call the princess this is the girl who has kind of had things always go her way her whole life。

Oftentimes she came from money， she hasn't had to work particularly hard。

 maybe she can go to school as long as she needs to， doesn't have to get a job。

 her parents have enough money that she's comfortable when has been given all the opportunities in life。

And to take this even further would be the Uber Hot princess who on top of that has had Ga fawning over her from a young age。

if you want to look at this girls psychology， she probably is content in life and feels safe and secure in life very。

 very much， but she's probably quite bored right also she probably knows on some level that while things have always gone her way and she has a lot。

 she doesn't fully deserve it because it has been handed to her either by her parents or by her appearance or something along those lines so that tells you a little bit about her internal psychology and where she might be coming from。

And so what's this girl used to She's used to having more value than most people in her life。

 So this girl probably is going to have a valuecentric blueprint。

 You are not going to get her attention unless you're of a certain requisite level of value You're not going to get very far with this girl leading with comfort She may even give you a negative reaction off of leading for comfort。

 she may even reject you off of leading for comfort。

 but often what she'll do is she'll sort of politely tolerate you and then after a couple a few sentences or a minute or two be like okay cool listen。

 it was nice to meet you I have to go see my friends now and just excuse herself from the conversation because you simply didn't get on her radar So if you look at this girl in terms of value comfort she's gonna need a lot more value and a lot less comfort and you should be starting that off very early on in the interaction and you can tell this girl based on things like the way she's dressed is she wearing a lot of expensive clothes does she have a hairstyle that's expensive or hard to maintain those kinds。

things oftentimes if she's the hot princess she'll be really， really in shape。

 There are princess type girls that are not。 there is like you know the girl who just has been spoiled her whole life。

 but usually she'll have a different mentality and a different blueprint because she's gonna have a lot more insecurities so usually she'll be at least the princess will be at least mostly in shape and mostly have a good body and a good physique about her as well。

 So those are some ways that you can maybe tell she might be a little princessy and of course it's not just about being well- dressed。

 but it'll be well dressed in a way that is at like the height of style and that probably is a little bit sassy in some way it won't be like a business suit it'll be something that is more hot girl sexy type of a look something along those lines So those are some indicators for the princess and what do you want to do again you want to be a little bit polarizing especially towards the start of the interaction you want to get her out of I call it the magic school bus It's like the hot girl goes through life like the kids in the children's story。

 the magic school bus。Whereas's like magic school school bus in space。

 magic school bus inside the human body， all these crazy adventures。

 but she's safe in her school bus and nothing bad can happen to her。

 you want to make that school bus crash a little bit oh shit wait like I'm in the real world having to deal with like you real life shit you want to kind of make her sit up and take notice that is the first thing Second thing is you really want to fit the archetype of guys she's dated before typically these princess type girls have lots of guys chasing them but they go for guys who they have to chase because it's so unique to them and because it shows a lot more relative value between them and the guy and oftentimes this is a guy who stands out because he's a celebrity or particularly successful or better than them in some way but oftentimes it's not that oftentimes it's just someone who refuses to give them attention So oftentimes you'll see this princess girl hook up with some bartender that makes like barely any money and just like works at some scummy bar because in the interaction with her she has。

Tuble getting his attention and he's busy doing something else and so that very dynamic of being ignored。

 having to work for his attention gets her very， very aroused， gets her very。

 very into him So anything you can do to polarize early on。

 anything you can do to be kind of aloof get this girl chasing and to need her less than she needs you is going to work really well for this blueprint of the girl who is the princess。

