# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：9.渐进式脱敏疗法（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So we've talked about mentalities in inner game。 But if you want to get real results。

 you have to go do something in the real world。 And so beyond inner game， you have actionable steps。

 So one very actionable method for dealing with approach anxiety is something I call progressive desensitization。

 And it is actually， it's a form of therapy。 it's a very establish scientific practice。

 The idea is that if you want to build up to something that's's very difficult or that's a huge emotional strain or burden or fear or something like that。

 easiest way to do it is to break it down into smaller steps。 So say， for example。

 if you had someone that had like a phobia， maybe someone is like afraid of snakes。

 and they wanted to get over it， which I mean， to be fair afraid to snakes is pretty valid。

 you might not even want to get over that one。 But assuming you did。 Let's say what would you do。

 So first thing you might do is you might just like。

Have someone put a picture of a snake near you and just get used to the fact that you could deal with that picture of the snake。

 And then maybe you' deal with like a really small toy snake and you deal with that。

 And then maybe you'd put a snake in a cage behind glass far away from you or you know you can't touch it and it can't touch you。

 And you kind of get used to having that near you。 And then maybe you'd go to a situation where there there's a snake far away from you But like。

 can't really affect you。 And then you could go closer and closer。

 and you could gradually build up till you get closer and closer and more and more O with it until you're okay being around snakes。

 Now， I don't know again， why you necessarily need to learn to be around snakes。

 But that's how you would do it。 That's how you get over that phobia。

 Sam kind of thing with approaching。If you think of approaching as。10 different steps， scary things。

 putting your ego go on the line， committing to showing interest in the girl。

 that could all be really scary。 But I bet that there are other social things that are a lot less scary。

 For example， going up and asking a stranger for directions is probably a lot less scary than going up and having to tell her that you're very attractive to her and you want to meet her for most people。

 that's the case。 especially if you have permission that right after asking for directions you can leave。

 Now， asking for directions is a terrible opener in terms of getting results。

 but it's not a bad opener in terms of going up and desensitizing yourself to doing the approach。

 And so that might be step 1， step 1 might be go up and ask a stranger for directions。

 Even a male stranger if that's what you need to do。

 and then eventually a female stranger then eventually an attractive female stranger。

 The whole idea is to gradually build up tolerance once you can do that。

 maybe then what you do is you ask for directions， and then maybe introduce yourself afterwards。

 or you ask for directions and then give a compliments。 But then after the。after the introduction。

 you're free to leave if you'd like to。 So it's a little bit further。

 a little bit more of a push than just asking for directions was。

 but it's not that much different it's only incrementally harder。

 Then maybe what you do is you go up and straight up。

 give the compliment or introduce yourself without asking for directions first。

 which means you have to just get straight to it And then maybe you're gonna eventually give a compliment and introduce yourself。

 And now what have you done， you've actually just done a direct open but you did it piece by piece step by step with each step not being that much harder than the last。

 you can use this to get over different phobia as different fears you have in game。

 And even you can use this in different settings。 So maybe for example。

 you do this and you get used to approaching grow by yourself。

 but you're scared of approaching girls in groups。 Well。

 now you could go all the way back to the start， go approach girls in groups and start asking them for directions。

 then ask them for directions to give them a compliment。 progressive desensitize as much as you want。

 and you can really take as long as you like with it as long as you're making progress So the idea here is。

Each incremental step is very， very small， It makes it easy to go to the next and go to the next and go to the next。

 but it's also measurable so you're seeing measurable progress。

 you're seeing yourself get closer to your goal and that way you're encouraged and you have an incentive to keep going until you reach your eventual goal So the idea here again progressive desensitization。

 you're breaking the end goal down into pieces that are so small they seem trivial but added together they end up being the big goal that you're trying to achieve。

