# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：09.接近焦虑：5.重构解决方案【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The second technical approach I'm gonna to give you for approach anxiety is this。

 I want you to redefine what doing an approach is。 A lot of people。

 The reason that they have approach anxiety。 It's not anxiety of going over and saying hi。

 It's anxiety of everything that happens afterwards。 It's anxiety of oh， shit。

 I'm gonna to have to carry the conversation for half an hour and oh。

 I'm gonna have to figure this out。 And oh， I'm gonna to have to be clever and creative and interesting and funny and come up with stories。

 and it's just very overwhelming。 You're thinking too far ahead。

 It's impossible to do an hours worth of approach in your head before doing the approach。

 but that's what a lot of people want。 They want to have all the answers。

 They want to have it it all planned out and mapped out point by point by point。 that's impossible。

 Okay， even if you had a plan within 30 seconds， that plan will be out the window because something different will happen in the approach than what you even anticipated。

 Allright， So what I want to tell you now is instead of thinking of doing an approach as this crazy。

 convoluted， difficult thing that takes hours and hours。

 I want to think of doing an approach as something very simple。

I want you to think of doing approach as simply this walking over。

And saying something loud enough to get her attention。 That's it。

Okay that's your entire thing because again， thinking of everything you're going to do in the next three hours is overwhelming。

 thinking of walking over and saying hi is not overwhelming。

 And I want you to give yourself permission that if that's as far as it goes， you're fine with it。

 Okay， if you walk over and say hi and you're so nervous at that point。

 you forget how to speak English， good job success。😡，If you walk over and say hi。

 and you're so scared at that moment that you literally vomit on the girl out of panic。

 congratulations， success。 I don't care。 Okay， all I care about is that you would over and say hi。

 by the way， that's never happened。 The like vomiting on the girl thing。

 I just say that's it to make a point that's never actually happened with the student It might be funny if it ever did。

 though。 In any case， what I want you to do， though， is understand。

You don't have to do 1000 steps or 100 steps or 10 steps。

 All you have to do is do that first little step in the approach。

 And the funny thing that will happen is once you've done that step。

 and once you're in that situation， you'll figure it out from there And we'll talk about that in another one of the solutions later on。

 But just simplify simplify that fact， simplify what an approach is you could tell me that you're not capable of approaching a girl and coming with a million brilliant things to say。

 But you can't tell me you're not capable of physically walking over and saying something So if you just lower your threshold for what an approach is lower your threshold for success to that。

 then every single time you're gonna succeed And the beautiful thing is that as human beings we learn progressively we learn progressively。

 So if you just get used to walking over and saying something And that becomes not nervousvous。

 then at that moment， then you'll be able to say something and then say a little more。

 And then once that's not a big deal you can say something and say a little more。

 It's kind of like learning to walk right the kid' kid isn't born just learning。

W a child is born barely being able to move。 And first， they learn to move their arms and legs。

 Then they learn to roll over。 then they learn to take like you know one crawling step where they fall。

 Then they learn to crawl， learn to stand up and learn to take little step little walking steps And eventually they learn to run and do athletic things。

 but it's learned progressively， It's learned in stages and it's totally fine to learn pick in stages。

' totally fine to learn approaching stages。 So wherever you're at be truly okay with that level。

 be truly okay in an acceptance of where you're at。

 If you're at a point where it's scary for you to go do an approach。

 go say hi and be proud of yourself。 you did it。 Don't put pressure on yourself to do an amazing thing。

 That's not a requirement。 The only requirement is that you're acting and take and making progress there's a phrase that I like to use an example I use a lot in learning。

 which is this。 If you could get 1% better at's something every day for a year。

 how much better would you be by the end of the year。 And the answer that a lot of people say is 3。

65% better。 That's not actually true。 It's actually 3800% better because that 1% compounds。

 It's the same thing in learning game is the same thing in getting over approach anxiety。

 You just get 1% better every day by the end of the year。

 you will be unrecognizably good So the key thing is just not having a disconnect between you and that action if you have you plus action。

 you're gonna have growth You're gonna get that 1% every day。 and you're gonna make crazy progress。

 So be patient with your progress。 but make sure you're taking the action。 and again。

 lower your standards for what you consider a positive approach。

 A positive approach is whatever the struggle is for you at that moment exactly that and no more。

 Don't worry about the next hundred0 steps。