# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：3 实战：第八周实战（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

So this week's breakdown is a very interesting one in the sense of the girl being a bit interesting。

 she definitely broke some stereotypes， broke some molds and caused me to break some of the traditional typical rules that I would have normally followed and so I do want to point out again that whenever you're adjusting to blueprint it needs to be within the range of what is good game still but once you're within that range you can adjust one way or another to a particular girl so I want to just point that out that this girl was used as the blueprint example because she is a little unusual so know that going in That's the first thing。

The second thing is to remember that you only adjust to blueprints within the realm of it already being good game One other note with regards to this breakdown is that the content from this breakdown really fits with week seven and week eight both and so with both the week seven and week eight breakdowns we didn't really know exactly what to put where because we kind of could have put them in two different places because the topics merge when you talk about escalation pulling blueprint those things all start to come together so just look for week seven and eight content in this program rather than just one week so let's look at the footage。

Excuse me。I'm like extraordinarily intrigued because you are like this lake。

Very attractive but very freaky thing， and I can't even tell like。I'm like flying blind right now。

 so this is a very interesting opener。 It starts off as a bit of a compliment opener。

 but then it takes a much more sort of risky path very quickly saying she looks you know freaky kind it's a risky word Now in this case。

 the girl was dressed。 it was Halloween and she was dressed in a skeleton costume with like like an amazing body。

 she was wearing very tightfitting like you could see she had a great body but she also had she was blonde but wearing a blonde wig which is interesting and then she had her face painted as a skeleton in a way that was actually relatively realistic So she looked like very like sallow and sickly and then she had those like like contact that made her eyes look like yellowy dead kind of So it was pretty fucking freaky like it wasn't a joke and it was literally accurate without it having to be sexually freaky or anything like that。

 but it is。Extreme thing to say on the open。 And the question is。

 why did I go with an extreme opener since we're talking about blueprint。

 And I'll give you a little preamble to this set was that I was with students on an immersion program。

 And one of the students came up to me and said， hey。

 there's this girl that has like been really bitchy and like blown out a few students。

 Do you want to go talk to her。 And I'm like。Why would I want to talk to a girl just because she's been bitchy But the students wanted me to do this just because you know the girl had been difficult and they wanted to see me handle a bitchy girl And so I was like I'm not gonna talk to a girl just because she'schy。

 she also hot and they' like yeah definitely I'm like okay fine I'll go talk to this girl。

 And so I went in knowing a few things knowing one that this girl's capable of being bitchy not that she's going to be bitchy to me because that's very circumstantial she can be bitchy to one guy and not to another guy and that can totally happen。

 but I know she's definitely capable in being bitchy I also know she's been approached by a few guys before and so something that comes off like a very blatant approach might be immediately shot down because if these students approached her in quick succession。

 So I wanted to go with something that was soft enough and safe enough that you if she gave me a bad reaction it would be out of sorts for her。

 it would be like socially uncalibrated to give me a bad reaction。

 but then I also wanted to go with something that would not be typical and would kind like take her out of hot girl rejecting guy frame very very quickly。

 So that's why I went with this particular opener But you can see right away。

I'm the opener I'm taking the information I have， how she's dressed。

 the things I know from other students that have talked to her。

 and I'm using that already on the open。还。Im intrigued and concerned if I'm being honest what's your name my name isd Okay。

 so this is all fairly normal right so she doesn't seem like she's harsh or bitchy or like she's gonna be like particularly rejecting she seems very。

 very friendly So either the guys got rejected because they did a bad job not because of her which is is quite possible right or my opener completely hidden by the way I as carrying myself hit very well and she responded well but so far so good and also much more normal than I was expecting start with that can start with that。

what what is your story when like you don't have like the crazy eyes going on and all this like nonsense So because it's positive right when you open and。

It's fairly direct。 Like this is a semidirect opener。

 It was an open that had some directness to it and maybe a push pull to it。

 And her response is pretty good。 i。e。 getting names and that kind of stuff。

 So when you open it it goes well， what should you do， you should go to the next step。

 which is starting to one open the conversation up to new topics like introduce more conversational threads。

 And then also you should start to inject some premise。

 And maybe maybe because you did premise on the open， you can even hint at evaluation。

 you can even hint an evaluation。 So that's what I've done here following on the opener。Mal。Okay。

 I am a serial killer。Is she ready to be evaluated， no？

But is she willing to participate in a conversation be interesting。 Yes。

 is she willing to banter probably， right， so we can read from her response where we're at in the interaction。

 We can also read that she's creative， and she's willing to。She's willing to banter。

 she's willing to be a pain in the ass and she's willing to put up what could be considered roadblocks and by the way。

 I don't mind this at all that I'm a serial killer that's to me funny and interesting banter but quite likely if a typical immersion student who's not very experienced a game yet got an answer like this。

 he might think it's her telling him to fuck off right I'm actually a serial killer。

A lot of guys would just take that and run away with it。

 and that's actually the nature of a shit test right a lot of guys would take that as a rejection but what it actually is is an opportunity。

So I will not be giving you my number。this my Instagram and I will be doubling back 16 times the way home now regardless of what happens So she gave a shit test。

 So I'm going to pass the shit test in this case， what am I doing， I'm agreeing and exaggerating。

 So she says she's a serial killer， which is her way of saying like I' I'm kind of a badass maybe and specifically I'm not gonna try and qualify myself to I'm gonna give the worst possible answer instead of trying to impress you So how do I do I agree and exaggerate。

 I like if you were a serial killer or then what would I do and I say。

 you know these are the things I would do I'm not giving my contact information。

 which is pretty legitimate and then I'm gonna double back 16 times on the way home to make sure don't follow me which is probably less less likely。

 but you know if I was really concerned Sure So I'm playing along。

 but I'm playing along and playing along with her negative frame。

 So even though I'm falling into her frame falling into her frame。

 I'm adopting the negative frame where she's not desirable because it's a fun frame for me to take as well。

My pretend is every other time。You the Wednesday Adams， you're like I' have a homicidal maniac。

 it looks just like everybody else， except stepped on Halloween like and like like my true colors eyes。

And yeah， no so so now she's going along with the banter right So what is the frame。

 The frame is that she well there's a couple frames present like I am curious about her butt worried。

 so that's a good frame that's a nice little push pull frame we have going on there's some premise but some push pull there。

 She's not qualifying herself to me because not anything personal。

 She's not being mean about it but she's not going out of her way to prove herself to anybody right that's kind of her frame her vibe but she is very willing to banter right so she's open to the experience of banter she's open to that back and forth and she's showing that she might enjoy it but she's not ready to qualify number one and she may not be particularly responsive to nice game right the banter game seems to work the teasing game。

 the push pull game even my opener being a push pull seems to work very well but something like an overt compliments or an overt attempt to escalate seems like it might not work so well given the way this girl is responding to me。

I'm honestly a little concerned onll be honest I'm deeply like I'm deeply disturbed right now right and so there right instead of giving you something positive。

 I give something negative， I'm actually truly concerned I'm deeply concerned right now right and this is。

 you know a half truth I am actually a little concerned to be honest because she's a little strange but mostly this is banter。

ho are you here with I I need a reference to tell me that you're actually not completely insane And this is great for moving the set forward As soon as I know the girl likes me and it doesn't mean she likes me sexually necessarily she's willing to go home with me She likes me enough that she's going to stay in the conversation and consider the conversation more enjoyable to continue with the not clearly both parties in this conversation are engaged Clearly this is a unique。

 clever conversation going on and so she's gonna want to stay a part of it at least for for the moment。

 and I'm okay staying a part of it as well So what I'm doing right now is I'm identifying what is the biggest obstacle I'm gonna be dealing with as soon as the girl likes me。

 I want to know the roadmap I want to know the lay la don know who she's here with who's gonna drag away from me who's gonna be other guys trying to compete with me in the set I want to know this as soon as possible。

 so at this moment I'm trying to find it out but notice I don't find it out in a needy kind of let me find out about you way I find it out in a teasing ban。

hy because this girl responds to teasing in banter， so I'm not going to go with nice sweet Todd。

 I'm going to go with teasing bantery Tod as if there was a nice sweet Tod。あめ。So， I'm an honorary。

Yeah。How the fucking that how are the way going ever seen。They like to party， I like to party。

The Gro says， I like to party。Means that she's not sweet and innocent and shy right， So again。

 this is more permission to ban or more permission to say more explicit things。Fman。Or you know。

 prison or something， but whatever。So I'm giving her a hard time as though she actually is a criminal。

 she actually is like crazy and psychotic and deranged and that kind of stuff。

 so keeping up the banter not being not being just nice and platonic at all。

That is crazy at some point in the night I don't， I don't want it yet because I want to like。

I want to be like intrigued by you for like your vibe and personality before I actually know what you look like。

 but at some point I need to see you not in this because it is very disturbing。

It's very very disturbing So this is a second attempt to get the girl to qualify potentially right and she could qualify on being a cool person or she could qualify on her appearance appearance is the more obvious one but again I'm testing to see if shell qualify because she's clearly willing to banter she's willing to engage with me so I want to find out I want to set that frame that she's qualifying to me rather than the other way around as soon as I can but notice I do it in low riskk ways I don't do it in this like please tell me something about yourself or please try and impress me kind of way I do it in challenging bantry ways where if it doesn't work it's still just all part of the banter。

And clearly you took a lot of photos。12I only took。I see that I could tease her on the selfies thing。

 but it's not really necessary I have always teas her on a lot of things and she's actually actively qualifying herself to me and showing me something right now。

 so I don't want to interrupt that process what's going on is better than the teas I've also teased her plenty and have teased her on far harsher things than taking selfies so while I do note the opportunity and you should note this opportunity right as you're going through the sets。

 you should note over and over again all these chances to tease the girl。

 all these chances to make fun of the girl but just because you know they're there doesn't mean you always have to take them。

Okay， that's a little less terrifying and I say I see her actual face which is actually quite beautiful and I go okay。

 that's a little less terrifying right so again， letting her she tried to win me over。

 she tried to qualify， I let her qualify but I don't say oh my God you're hot or oh wow you're so cute or something like that which is what some guys might say and say like okay。

 that's a little less terrifying which to be fair anything would be a little less terrifying but she's actually you know actually attractive which is good because I could tell from her body in the shape of her face and things but it's nice to see that under all that like skeleton makeup we actually have a pretty girl in our hands just slightly。

🎼那对呀声音的。You're hellas in honor of the fact that you seem to have a personality。

And then you like did Halloween the right way， I will absolutely buy your drink if you would like。

I't I don't normally do that but one you seem cool which like1 cost of like New York drinks。

 So it feels like everything's free live in So there's a lot there。

 This doesn't relate specifically to blueprint， but it relates a lot to good game So this is going well。

 and I need to escalate it somehow standing in one place and doing nothing isn't great。

 but if she and has a drink with me， now all of a sudden this that's progressing somewhere。

 Also because I know she's with people who are not around。 I want to just move her。

 even if it's a few feet， I just want to move her away from where we're standing and also I want to look like we're doing something together because if her friends come back and see just standing around to some random guy。

 they might sweep up。 But if they see her at the drink order at the bar ordering a drink with a random guy。

 they're gonna know that she likes me or at least or she's using me for a drink or something they're gonna know that she's bought in and okay with this and this is likely to make me less unlucky right's like。

To mitigate some of those times when her friends come back and drag her away so one it escalates the interaction and two it mitigates that However my framing here and I overdo this。

 I don't have to do it as much as I did but I make a big deal about it being cheap and so for that reason me buying a drink for it doesn't seem like a big commitment that's a nod to me not supplicating it's also a subtle way of me pointing out that I don't live in which provokes the question where do you live and because I live in a city that's considered classy or cool or sophisticated or kind of like like a little bit like you have to be a bad ass to succeed there or something like that in New York I want to be asked that question but I don't want to bring it up it's better if she asks the question。

So like we get the bill ofs on the drinks I'm like holy shit like that's ridiculous my guy I would to like six drinks I'm like that's the price of half a drink in New York。

🎼YeahSo。Just so that I can feel rich， I would buy you a drink。No because it's fucking ridiculous。

🎼Anyway是。🎼What is。So I just ran into someone that I did not want to run into tonight。I。Ju Ju like，"y。

 excuse me， this is my sister we'll be looking out for her。太快了。

I agree so this is really interesting right so she says she ran into she out of nowhere right brings up that she ran into somebody she did not want to run into tonight right Most likely that's a guy let's just be honest most likely that's a guy and why she bring it up it's kind of silly of her I guess but it's just probably on her mind it's just probably weighing on her's it's troubling her。

 it's sitting with her etctera， etc ceter so it's affecting her state of mind it's affecting her mood。

 it's on her mind so she's brings up。No， this is very interesting。

For a guy who's not very good at game， this would be good news because in that case。

 if she just like broke up with her boyfriend， having some drama with her boyfriend。

 she might be in a heightened emotional state， she might be in like well fuck him I'm just gonna to cheat on a mode or like I'm on I'm just gonna like go have fun tonight and I'll show him or I'm just gonna have fun tonight because I need a freaking relaxed from all this stress right so for a guy with not very good game who has trouble creating a lot of emotional intensity。

 this event might create emotional intensity for them。However。

 for a guy who's good at game and has no problem creating emotional intensity attraction。

 what this does is it creates a lot of chaos， it creates a lot of unpredictability。

 and the general ruling game is that chaos favors bad game and hurts good game。

So I'll give you an example when we do immersion in New Orleans during Mardi Gr during that program。

 the students get laid more than on other programs because the chaos and the parting of Mardi Gr lead a lot of guys who are not getting into escalated opportunities and highly emotional opportunities with girls to get into those situations and then good things can happen。

 so the percentage of students who get laid on the Mardi Gr program goes up relative to other programs。

The percentage of coaches that will get laid on a Mardigo program actually goes down relative to other programs Now。

 of course， the students sorry the coaches per capita are getting laid way more than the students because they just have way better game it's not a contest on any program but the amount of students that are getting laid comes up the amount of coaches are getting laid comes down because the coaches are already good enough at generating attraction and good enough at putting themselves in situations that the chaos will mess them up more often than it will actually help them so just kind of keeping that in mind。

 it's a very interesting thing here。 So for a lot of you if you hear this。

 you should be like good news。 this girl this might be a potential pull happening for me I'm like oh great。

 this is the kind of set where I spend my entire evening on the set。 she likes me it's all good。

 we make out she's about to go home with me and then she gets a call from her X and just leaves out of nowhere at the end of the night and I wasted my whole night on the set so just be aware of that difference for good game and bad game。

 but this is an important moment regard。This is an important moment in the set this is very important information for her blueprint and keeping in mind that a girl will have her blueprint for life and then her blueprint for that night right and so this is a very key thing in her blueprint for that night she already mentioned she likes the party in general she already kind of seems nihilistic so it's already going that way but she's probably especially nihilistic and especially in party mode tonight but she's also in distracted by something mode where no matter how much value builder。

 how much intensity you get， there might be another factor。

 another guy in the equation who just has more emotional intensity because of their history。🎼Go一啊。

Right now。All right， so not generally a fan of like just getting drunk with people。

 but we'll have wonderinging together just for like， you know， amnes to say。So what do I do。

 I just rolled that into a reason why we're gonna continue what we're going to do anyway。

 we're gonna grab a drink together anyway I'm like okay cool so we'll have a drink for amnesia so you can forget this other nonsense in your life but in the back of my mind I'm like okay this is something I have to be aware of it seems like it's a factor。

 it seems like this is something that may come up so I want to be aware of it and I want to see how I can mitigate it as we go。

哎。All good， all the amness， choose to amnesia。Hi， that is my name， yes。他面。

Why are you so like adorable and like incredibly troubling at the same time？

I really I don't even know what to do with you。はい。Surprisingly get that。

Even in their normal the way or three like So this is just some general banter right some push pull lines a little bit of like very light evaluation that she obviously is going to say yes to so I'm just doing some steps in the process。

 and I'm pretty confident these will work because the vibe and she just reconfirm my name。

 she's telling me stuff that I would only need to know if would we hang out with decent amount of the night I don't need to know what is going on in her life or what drama is going on tonight if I'm not going hang out with her for a while。

 So for all these reasons， I think that it's likely things are going go well I think that it's likely the girl' is gonna to like me and it's likely that we're in a good vibe So I need to start progressing things further along。

 And ideally the faster things progress in the general sense。

 the better because the less likely of her friends coming back before we get to a。

point in the interaction or the less likely her ex-boyfriend calls before he gets to a certain point etc cea。

 etc ceter So so in most times in game time is your ally in this time in game time is my ally in a sense but in another sense it's not Also this girls probably in a mood and a mode where if she hooks up with me it's gonna have a lot more to do with value and like just going with it and like just sexual arousal then with like comfort right because's not she's not having a comfort night tonight she's having a like fuck the world night tonight。

So you know maybe I'll be part of the world that she fucks。

 but the point is I can tell how the vibes likely go down and this is going to influence things like how fast I escalate and obviously the lines I use as well。

Well， I appreciate that you're bringing up the ideas of passion with me。

 but let's take it slow if when I just met。哎。Like I trust comfort connection before we can go anywhere。

 thank you。And you know， good opportunity， she says crime of passion anytime she's bringing up passion。

 it's an easy misinterpretation， I didn't even need to this one was almost so obvious I didn't need to do it。

 but I think it was fine。Take dog dog bro。あそよまにみ。You're fine so not that I necessarily need you to find them right now because like I like talking to you but what happened？

are they out just dance And so again， I want to find out what's going on with the friends because at this moment。

 the factors that are going make this not work for me have to do with the friends and possibly whatever ex boyfriendriend or guy or whatever the heck is is in the picture。

So it's very critical that I know as much as I can about that。

 so that's why I'm finding out this information。I know I love it， that's where we're friends。

I'll tell you what， I will answer you， but I need to know you well enough that I don't get seduced by your wildly feminine charms。

We'Good run away right now。老爷。Okay， so that's an interesting one right， So I said I'll dance to you。

 but I need to know you well enough so that I don't get seduced by your Wily feminine charms and she goes run away right now。

 Now that's a really interesting scenario because run away right now sounds like sounds like leave but in this context。

 it actually she's doing it for my own good she's saying， well， if you stay with me。

 you will get seduced by my Wily feminine charms。 But then on the other hand。

 that's also her saying that she's sexy and that she would seduce me。

 and it's also her qualifying herself。 So this is just a weird statement。

 What can you say about it for sure。 The one thing you can say about it for sure is it's clearly manda woman that you can say about it right now in terms of is this a shit test or is this a sexual advance or it' it's kind of hard to tell it's kind of a little of everything but it's certainly manda woman and it would be a huge mistake to take this as a rejection or a harsh shit test that makes you like give up And I bring this up because。

ThisGirl does give these kind of harsh statements。That on their surface seem like they're a fuck off。

 I'm a serial killer。 Seem like a fuck off。 You should leave now， See like a fuck off。 right。

 But in context， that's not at all what they mean。 And so it's quite possible that the reason that my students previously were getting rejected by this girl was that they were taking these shit tests much more literally or much more personally than they needed to。

 instead of realizing that what they are is essentially just banter。

 That's actually that's like the most modest conceed statement I've ever。😡。

And if you don't know about a statement， oftentimes， it's a good idea to just go meta with it。

 So instead of responding to what that statement means for you or her or the interaction。

 maybe just comment on the statement itself。 It's a nice default for something that it works if it's a shit test。

 because you can pass shit test by going meta， but it also works if it's not a shit test to not turn it into a shit test。

 So commenting on the statement seems like a really good plan for a situation like this。

 And that's what I do。 like if you' hang out with me you get up。I'm personal for you。

 I'm rather like jumping that way like my main here in life is don't be boring like that's like world number one of how I live。

So I feel like you probably are crazy， like legitimately。

 but at least you don't seem boring I not boring。I'm a great crazy。You know what。

 how much I'm not boring， but I'm a bit crazy right and so yeah。

 she's falling into the frame and she's also。Being the blueprint that I knew she is。

 like we know this girls not boring。 right， The girl。

 girl who says I'm a serial killer is not is not boring。 right。

 We know she's a little bit a little bit crazy。 We know she's not boring。

 But it's good that she's acknowledging It's good that we're on the same on the safe wavelength with that。

 And again， she's giving me information。 I might be crazy。 I'm not boring。

 Does that seem like the kind of girl who being really nice and complimentary is gonna work with。 No。

 probably not。 Does it seem like the kind of girl would like get to know you conversation。

 We ask her a million questions back and forth is gonna work。 Probably not。

 This girl once an emotionally arousing situation。 So that's what we need to give her me one to completely fucking。

 How crazy are you。From scale on a scale from one to completely fucking how crazy are you that is a great line。

 that line has an amazing structure to it and you can borrow that structure that scale from one to completely fucking for anything so by all means with my compliments。

 take the format， enjoy the line， enjoy words， enjoy words they're good sliding depending on your perspective how can I answer that。

Same， you can't answer the。re。いさ。IPive。I徽。20% great。I keep it in t， I'm a functioning adult。

H functioning。High functioning psychom， got an alcoholic adult。Right。

 and so good says high functioning alcoholic adult。

 So she's she she she means she does like the party right So that's that's again。

 clearly in her blueprint。 She clearly can drink and can she she can probably handle it。

 So high functioning alcoholic is a thing for sure。 I've dated girls like this before。But yeah。

 this is just all good information and again it goes towards banter， over comfort。

 it goes towards have fun， be high value， party with the girl and good things can happen。

In that case I will definitely get you a drink because they won't even have an effect on your stay。

 so that's fine morning。20%。I like。Inmy of my emotions。

My emotions to happen like at home or in the car。Not in public。

're so this is great right so I have all these reasons to disqualify all these reasons I have concerns about her and I would also like to escalate things more sexual so what do I do I say。

 well we're not going to escalate because of these concerns but what am I doing I'm bringing up the escalation I'm making it more manda woman in the negative common technique applied to a particular situation in blueprint。

🎼怎吗。嗯。I hurt people。I need people to feel good about myself therefore I end up hurting that is like such a statement of blueprint right there。

 I hurt people， I need people to feel good about myself and therefore I end up hurting people what does this actually say because this is huge she basically told Mary how she is in relationships with guys。

She needs people to feel good about herself。 So she responds very much to validation。

 She's very validation responsive。 So what should I do， I should do things that play with validation。

 I should do push polls。 I should do takeaways。 I should do disqualifiers。

 All these kind of things she's gonna respond really well to。 And what have I been doing so far。

 exactly that， because1 I made a good guess off of the open and then I've been reading her blueprint and and seeing before she even told me this that this is the way that she responds。

 She's a very hot girl。 So she meets guys that are pretty high value。 She's a hot girl。

 they buy into her or or like they start to put her on a pedestal or start to like her start to enjoy the experience。

 And now she knows she can have them。 They're no longer validating。 she gets bored。

 she breaks up with them。 she hurts them。 That seems like a very likely scenario of what she's explaining why because it fits what she's explaining。

 And because and this is part of narrative as well， is because I've met girls like this before。

 because it is a fairly。🎼female archetype， the type of girl that gets bored of a guy in the relationship because she responds to guys that don't want her as soon as the guy wants her。

 she gets bored。 right， So that seems very much okay。 So what do I need to do。

 I need to stay high value and not let this girl get boredly for both of us I'm leaving town few So I'm relatively safe commitment think right So what did I do there。

 I just completely disqualified。 Fortunatelyly， for both I'm leaving town and I have commitment issues。

 Would I say that to every girl， absolutely not I say that's a with this blueprint。

 absolutely Im going let know I to York， I'm not giving info and I'm gonna let you know when I move back to York。

 I'm not giving my contact info， more push away more polarization ce。

 This is not a high comfort set This is a value value value set we not going be like long distance。

I hope you're okay with this if that offends you， tough shit。Yep， we're not to be long to' anything。

 hope you're okay with this if this offends you tough shit again。

 no fucking comfort why because she's told me her blueprint in general as a girl is no comfort。

 her blueprint for the night is especially no comfort because why because of the other events that are going on the other events that are on her mind for tonight。

あ know。I also some。My birthday。Congratulations。They're just a baby， I'm older than you。

 but it's okay。I was trying to figure out what I wanted to do。

went to Key by for five days Okay she went to Key West by herself for five days。

 That is the move of someone who is sexually independent right。

 one of the biggest indicators that you can ask if you're asking screening questions for girls for if they are open to a one night stand is have you ever traveled alone right if a girl has traveled alone。

 she's way， way， way more likely statistically to be down for a one night stand。Okay。

 she just said I voluntarily went to on a travel recently by myself。 That's a huge indicator。 okay。

 this girl does not have a problem hook up， right， This is a ding ding ding for for indication for the poll。

 It's also an indicator of her blueprint。 She's not probably， I mean， just doesn't it's not 100%。

 It's a correlation thing， but its it's unlikely that she's very sexually timid。

And she had a blast so she went by herself and had a blast， what does that mean。

 it means she probably met people why she was there。On the boat。

 drinking beer with the fishing hold my hand and that's what I did。

You' just like renting the button with solar dude you on the butter just like rins it and just went out。

I had a guide， I had a guide， A guide。I need someone to take。

I understandAnd so there there was a subtle tease I could have done but I didn't want to do it because it was too overt so instead I just looked at her like we you said I paid a guy。

 I just looked at her as though it meant like I looked at her as though she had just said I hired a male prostitutes now I didn't say any of that because it would have been a cheesy tease but I just looked at her as though that was the case and you can see how she responded and qualified herself she may or may not have even got the joke she may or may not have even understood what I was implying her why I raised an eyebrow at her or whatever but regardless she could tell I was being judgmental and she responded at the very least to the subcommunication and felt the need to qualify herself so she did the first time。

All right， so what is your drink of choice， Miss high functioning alcoholic？Okay。

 and here I've accomplished as much as I need to right I've gotten she's qualifying herself。

 it's fairly manda woman， she's opening up， she's giving me information I like we're at the bar it's time to have the drink。

 it's time to move things forward so you know change topic let's do the next step in logistical escalation。

I don't know ifYeah what。But I don't know if they have that Well when we get up here we'll see what they got and Miller Yeager and Miller then Yeager and beer。

Yeah， shot eagerger， I said， we in a shot。So like boililer maker ish kind of。

 but like with that's it okay。这了。Well， we'll squeeze it up to these people as far as it goes。

I also love the fact that you're blondlunt， but wearing a blondlue wig is's very cute。Okay。

 so in terms of escalation here， what am I doing running my hand through her wig right running your hand through a girl's hair is a great escalation。

 running hand through the wig might not have the same effect。

 but it has a similar effect like when you pull a girl's hair。

 it feels a certain way when you pull the wig it probably doesn't quite as much but still the rest of it。

 the body language around it that kind of stuff it's a nice tester to see how open she has the physicality to see how down she is to potentially kiss it set so I'm starting to test for that here me does okay。

Yes， we're promising， you seem。Okay， what did I do here， she was willing to。

 you know let me do the running my hand through a hair thing。

 so now I face up and get more intense with her right you seem more intriguing at ce。

 So I'm kind of escalating I'm not actually sure I don't remember this you know what I do next。

 but what the escalation is gonna be， but I'm definitely bringing us face to face。

 I'm make it more intimate。 I'm taking some risks here。 I don't think。

And you certainly are not going to be anything serious。

 but you're definitely the most interesting person I've met in the last couple hours。

 I will give you that。So here what I'm doing is I'm mentioning some sexual themes。

 but I'm mentioning them in a very pish way so I'm actually enhancing the pishness of this and again that's specific to blueprint。

 this girl is going to respond a lot more to the playish blueprint in general and especially tonight if she's having drama with a boyfriend or something like that than to a provider type of a thing so I'm really trying to avoid the provider frame here。

要不干。🎼谁？I will take that all day long， of course I have to misinterpret that so I do。

I mean it's not one of those sexy people who like you know。

And so then I got to you know I get to slip in some sexual references， et cea， et cetera。

 and now she's even qualified as I all accepted the statement of the you know compliment et cea so this is great。

 this is all good。I'm rubbing up against stranger。I'm sure they don't mind， sorry。

That's why the North actually has gotten in a month its fine。I want to know。

 what is the most double you've went into。遠慮。the mid 20s like in like before you were like a full bunch should dealt with responsibilities。

🎼Yeah。I didn't get in trouble。 so this is just a qualifying question。

 I feel like she'd have good answers for this， but I'm actually surprised when she said I didn't get into trouble。

 It's a little bit of a change in the blueprint。 It makes me think， okay， wait。

 am I wrong about some of this， Am I am I am I not reading something right？

 So this is useful information when you get information that contradicts the blueprint you have in mind for the girl。

 definitely sit up and take notice because if you don't， you're gonna keep going down the wrong path。

 I'm a little disappointed if I'm being honest。I take calculated risk。Oh， really。🎼然后呢。但是呢。大丈夫？Yeah。

ForNo reason。🎼条件。 got a warning。Now we're trying to get in there too sorry， unfortunately。

What's your fun？有高。🎼不认到了希位不是。😊，So there I had another girl that like I was bumping in me at the bar and she got offended it and I had to handle that and I had to handle it in a way where like I didn't you know seemed like super apologetically I was doing anything wrong。

 but I also didn't create a conflict， creating a conflict would been really bad creating a fight with another girl would be just stupid right now I'm certainly not trying to do that but I'm also not trying to you know look bad in this girl's eyes so I'm trying to just get done with this nonsense from the other girl as soon as possible but these little things that they matter how you handle these things do make a difference in the set so noting。

Not being so fucking cute No I'm like so this because you make the cutest expressions with this one this one's cute this one's cute。

Okay， now this is a bit of a shit test right Yeah， this one's cute。

 You should go for that and it's true。 actually the other girl is cute also。

 So she does have a point。 But first of all， the other girl is bitchy and annoying and I don't like her And also this set seems to be going very。

 very well So I'm not about to like leave it for another girl who seems probably a bit less cute and who just like you know I have a negative vibe with if anything。

 So I don't want I don't want to go on the other girl， but I don't want to also be needy and whatnot。

 So it's interesting situation， let's see how I handle it but is she fun and interesting you think so。

Maybe we' meet her in a minute Okay and look at this right so like maybe is she find it interesting。

 Okay maybe we'll meet her in a minute and now it's a we。

 notice where this girl's arm is This girl's arm is over me giving me a hug this is looking and feeling really good。

 So why is she saying I should go with this other girl partly it's maybe because it's a shit test to see how I'll handle it to see if I can handle it right and see if get more traction from her partly even though this girl is very much valuecentric。

 remember you still have to do good game so good game has some value and some comfort in it So maybe the value level and the playerishness is so extreme she wants a little tiny hints of comfort at some point in there and possibly if this girl is also dealing with some other drama and whatnot。

 she actually just think she's doing me a favor because maybe in her mind while she's liking me she's like okay I like this guy but he's he's wasting his time with me because I have this other thing going on And so maybe she means it from genuine benevolence because as much as she likes me she just in her mind。

Doesn't picture going with anyone else besides the boyfriend tonight because it's still for her the night where there's the ex situation so it could be any one of these factors。

 but regardless I need to handle it in a non like a lot of these things it's not a yes。

 it's not a no It's like yeah， let me go talk to her。

 which would be wrong It's like no I wouldn't talk to her I want to be with you which would be wrong yeah maybe we'll that in a little bit right maybe is often a good answer for these types of shit tests we'll talk to in a minute'。

Why are you so modest？🎼You seem。Can I tell you something like a little bird？

I have never been disintrigued by someone who looks like washed out and sallowed before。

SoThis is really interesting here so this is me actually showing a little bit of comfort giving her a little bit of comfort because she's indicated maybe she needs it right I've been hitting that value button super hard because that's clearly her blueprint but I'm starting to push the range of what is good game I'm starting to push to really on the borderline and maybe I need to re it and maybe she needs a little comfort and what she just gave me is plausibly a comfort shit test so what do I do I'm going to give a little bit back I'm going to give a genuine sort of a compliment but again it still has ban still has a push pull because even as I'm giving it back I'm giving it back in accordance with her blueprint because her blueprint does very strongly suggest value value value right so even a value value value all needs a little bit of comfort but if I flipped and suddenly is like super nice and love doy and like Sappy she would probably lose interest really fast makeup。

So嘅。Yeah， I'm 37， I'm like one foot in the grade so。

 but like I'm older than most of the women here there's older men here I get it。

 but most of the women here are like 25。よしせ。So you're saying they're bait and stupid。So yeah。

 this is in a college town so it definitely has that vibe about it and so again this girl may be feeling a little insecure in some way because of a phrase she's not old by any means but she's feeling insecure because of rage that's another thing to keep in mind in terms of a blueprint and especially if she's feeling insecure because of that and also she had some guy diditch her as drama with a guy tonight that can all be compounding into one kind of ball of angst so to speak。

That's me saying it。 That's me saying it。Dont， I've been there done that。かなビやしてよかった。哎呀。I you keep。

Can of be honest。I say that before I say something that might be potentially offensive and I think yeah I was gonna explain why I do that and that's exactly why I do it I say can I be honest when I want to if there's something that might be offensive。

 that's one or if I'm just trying to highlight something or put attention on it or put attention on the fact that it is sincere as opposed to me fucking around so that's why I'll use that line and she's pointing it out because I have overused it in the set apparently but that is why I will say that line。

啊。な。You're in there。I'm now going to be offended。嗯。

I don't get that much of an age one way or another， but what I do count out？

Again I told you it's not being boring。 So if someone is like。Has no stories and no life experience。

 I'm like， what this is someone like is interesting。あ怖。🎼看那他是。🎼There把一 idea down with that。🎼Yeah。

But can here salsa。I can pretend you a little bit， but honestly no， I don't know the steps。

 I can shake my hips， but I don't know the steps。But white boy was shaking。

You're a white breathinging。I have my moments。What are you your white girl anyway？I know， but。

They like the whitest of white girls and you're whiter than usual today So here a lot of this talk is just nonsense a lot of this talk is just filler because what's really going on I mean she's obviously complimented me like asking if I can dance white I can shake his hips etc ceter she's kind of coming on to me but a lot is just filler because what we're really doing is we're you can see her arms around me we're starting to dance that kind of stuff and so' this is just kind of patter if you guys know the term pat it's from magic where like you're doing the magic trick and then you're talking about something else to distract from it this is more patter than anything else it's not really specific to what's going on it's just us conversing while the start of physical escalation happens。

Cha。🎼呃。Yeah。I do like the ballroom pla。And here I've been very close to her face multiple times in the sense of like I almost think I could maybe kiss her。

 but with this particular type of girl， I really don't want to try for a kiss and miss right because she is very value centric。

 she is。Going through whatever drama she's going through tonight et cetera， et ce。

 and so I don't want to try for the kiss and miss I would much rather wait a little bit and kiss。

 we've been sexual enough it's clear that she's you know not sexually ti it's clear that when the Times right to escalate。

 I don't think she's gonna have a problem with it but I really want a good solid indicator because going for the kiss and missing could be very bad in this particular situation based on the girls blue。

开门。All right you just one。I'm a very good。Howburgga student。Some of the drink， by the way， yes， yes。

 but as soon as this person lose， we're going to get in here。I know I'm sorry。

 I'm making you stay in this awful。那快点。Really， high functioning alcohol getting in my boostoze。

Oh time。Thank you for another。So here again， so it is very close to kissing， we're dancing。

 I maybe could go for it successfully， but again， I don't want to try and fail with this girl's particular blue。

 just the vibe I have is that my window will be open for a while And if I misread it and go for it it actually could be kind of bad at with this particular kind of girl just because I've been so high value I've shown that I know how to play the game so well a miscalibrated move。

 especially a miscalibrated committing move that maybe you know gets her it's situation the situation where I'm chasing her there her chasing me。

 I really don't want that to happen。 I have it in really nice spot right now that's why I'm teasing the kiss and hinting at the kiss and being near her face for the kiss。

 but I'm actually not going for it I really don't want to make that move until it's clearly on in this particular case。

She's good Chris。I forget that I usually do。'm sorry And this is really random。

 I't know why she has an issue with guys mentioning her their net worth specifically。

 but it may be that she's very not turned on by provider guys， right we already talked about。

 you know me being kind of playerish and that kind of stuff。

 So maybe that's it Or maybe this is just a shorthand for her of being a lame guy。

 Maybe net worth means lame guy to her。 and that's just her way of expressing it。

 So I don't know exactly where this is coming from。

 but it's certainly not it's certainly in line with the blueprint that I have。

 which is that she wants a guy to be more lover than provider。 kind you normally that's weird。I know。

 no， I don't hang out with those type of people， but I feel like。

I just went to like a whole the wall bar down the street。

On the Halloween there's nobody in there and something dude like comes up and next to me is like telling。

🎼愛し。Much money。毛里。So she doesn't respond to provider。

 she doesn't respond to guys qualifying themselves to her。Do you guys really think that's attractive？

い。As don't get it。Yeah。I was like， oh， hey， I'm having a good conversation on your room。快的哎。

And I just got dry anyway。怎么。そいしない。哎。So now we have one of my least favorite situations which is you're standing at the bar trying to order a drink and you get the bar tends with attention you also have to keep the girl's attention I bring this up because this is something I talked about in the course value masterclass and since then guys always ask how to deal with the situation you're gonna see me dealing with it's just a shitty situation there's not really a good solution to it but you know just pointing out that this is an annoying situation because it's hard to keep value here because if you ignore the girl too much she gets bored if you pay too much attention and miss the drink it starts to look lame and starts to look like you care too much about her and also you're incompetent in getting a drink so you know I don't like the situation but it's one of these things you deal with。

She wants Jager and Miller。And so， so we got lucky。 we got the bartender's attention pretty fast。

 Both of us kind of know how to do it， which is good。

've I've been in bars a lot and she's a high functioning alcohol she knows how to get the bartender's attention to But yeah we got lucky it didn't have to wait too long but you notice that I just kept the banger going and kept talking it was nice that I was able to get both of us up next to the bar that's really useful because if I'm facing if I'm at the bar and she's can't get at the bar Now after either face away from the bar and talk to her or face towards the bar and knocked after getting both of us up against the bar that I can just like go to the side and talk to her。

 but I can still get the bartender's attention is actually pretty clutch in that scenario。

 it's hard to do sometimes because if it's cramped you taking up more space at the bar can be hard。で。

たジ？いこで。going to my friends after okay， so here she says， you know， I may not like this。

 but she's going to go meet up with her friends afterwards and this is。

Somewhat predictable it wasn't a for sure thing because she is responding a lot to me。

 I mean you see her dancing mean you see her hands all over me， etc ceter。

 so I was thinking hopefully she likes me enough till she she'll just kind of forget about this。

But it's still clearly on her mind it's still a thing that's coming up and so now I would like to prevent it if I can that's still my best situation。

 but if I can't prevent it， I want to do it on my terms。

 I want to go back with her to her friends in a way that she comes back and introduces me and like says I'm awesome and we have an in or something like that so if I can prevent it I can but it's looking less that way the fact that she just brought this up again at a time when she clearly likes me really does indicate it's really eating at her and so it may be something needs to be handled。

I mean， you can bet if you want， I'd prefer you stay and hung out with me。

 but like you can do either way。I get to go meet yeah I suppose to yourself， are your friends cool？

Would you mind if I come with you and meet them and find out if like， you know？

They're a tenth for school as you are。And you may， but I have。

You have an agenda right so she's letting me know my friends are cool and you may come。

 but I have an agenda， she's letting me know basically that if we go back the reason she's going back is not her friends it's some dude right so she's letting me know it will be awkward for me if I go back you know kind of her I guess to tell me this and in his honest right it's not mint in a negative way she's being honest with me。

🎼Oh shit just。I hoping the person that I was avoiding is gone and then I can actually hang out with my friends。

哪。And that's positive says she's hoping the person she is avoiding is gone and shaking out with her friends。

 that would be excellent so if I go back and that's the case perfect if I go back in that's not the case it could be very messy。

I know okay， so I'm from New York， I'm going to let it the same person over and over again。

You're definitely unique which I appreciate I don't love you or hate you。

 but you're definitely not what I typically run into which I appreciate。Okay。

 so here I'm angling to try still to keep her from going back to her friends if it's at all possible to do so that's my preferred route。

 but I'm not pushing for it because the other option is go back to our friends and see what happens and there's possibilities there as well。

🎼什么。Cheers。Would you do me the joy a quick dance before we go meet your friends Okay so here why am I doing this。

 would you do the honor the joy of a quick dance before we go meet your friends So there's a few different ways that we're gonna not meet the friends but the friends seem to be a pretty big draw and so normally I don't want to escalate a lot with a girl because it kind of makes it a foregone conclusion that you know sex is on the table etc but if I want to keep her from her friends I'm not trying to mitigate downside risk with me anymore what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to tell her what the upside is and so by having her dance with me。

 I know that since she's already I dance with me it's been relatively physical it's likely if we dance we're going to make out and if we've made out and she knows that's a possibility she's enjoying it maybe just possibly that will motivate her to drop whatever thingss going on with her friends So this is not a play I would normally make normally I don't escalate quickly to try and get a girl like so。

I usually want emotional stability and a steady escalation right In this case。

 I'm willing to take some emotional risk and risk highs and lows and risk her feeling sluty about something or risk her feeling like sex is too much a foregone conclusion she feels weird about it because number one her blueprint doesn't indicate that'll be a big deal and number two。

 the biggest concern in the set is trying to mitigate the friends situation So if her making out with me makes her get aroused enough to forget about the friends that's an absolute win so I'm going take this risk and try and escalate more now Why are you so attempting I'm trying really hard not to like you right now。

Yeah I told you you told me that you'd be trouble and I should run away before I get into it No I think my words。

Ive hurt people， I'm not as easy to hurt if you might think。

 I'm a little less worried and unusual about that。Yeah。

 I'm not worried about that at this at this one。啊，Other are strangers。Yeah。わ。그。🎼，🎼。ど。

And so that's the frame from which we start making out right so that's obviously key right that was my goal。

 that was my intention to try and make out， try and make it you know a little more manddowo。

 a little more sexual and see if once that's the case she'll forget about the friend that was the plan in this case which is not my typical plan normally it escalate much slower potentially or tease it out more stuff like that but that was the plan in this particular case let's see how it works。

そ。🎼，🎼。🎼。🎼。그 이제。You are in line about why do I have a few hips？Thank you dear， I appreciate that。

The interaction goes quite a while longer， and I'll just give you this synopsis because the important stuff has been learned at this point。

 it's gonna go one of two ways tonight。 either she's going home with me or she's going back to whatever dude she had drama with It's basically go one way or the other and I'm hoping at this point that is just gonna be me but eventually she still is adamant about I have to go back to my friends I have to go check on the situation I have whatever drama thing And so I'm like okay cool。

 I'll go back with you because I know there's a chance that whatever dude she had the drama with has left in which case I'm good and she's going home with me So I'm gonna go walk with her we're gonna go meet up with her friends who are also at another bar where I can go meet other girls anyway just as easily as I can meet them here so it's not a big commitment anyway and I can take I end up taking a couple of my students with me or I go we go to a bar that some of my students are anyway that I'm with students anyway and immersion so I'm still able to coach and what not just in case。

So one way or another， it's still good for all parties if I go with her。

 so I just go ahead and with her and I'm hoping that dude's not there。

Turns and basically I tell her like I'm gonna go in。 Im gonna let you do your thing。

 I'm gonna go talk to my friends hang out with my friends。 I'll check back and on you later。

 And then if you're doing your thing， do your thing that's fine。 if you're on your own。

 we're gonna have a drink and we'll go from there and she's like okay fine deal And so I go in she goes meet to her friends dudes there they end up making out and whatever and then also having whatever drama they have and whatever So they're having their thing in the meantime I go talk to some other girls work with some students tell some students to watch me in the sets watch me in the set if I go back to her。

 I be a coach and have some fun cultivate some other leads。

 and then I notice at a certain point a little bit later in the night that she's no longer with the dude So I come back up and talk to her and I say so about that drink。

 goes yes definitely And so we have the drink。 and then we eventually go home We'll show you a little bit of a montage of that we're gonna cut out the part with the other dude because that's just more biography and more people exposed personally and I also don't know who's her friends and who's not her friends So I don't want to。

Bur out the entire club so we can't really do that part。 but that's basically what happened。

 We'll show a montage of what happened later on between me and her。 And at this point。

 Id read the blueprint。 I knew the situation and I broke the rule The rule is you don't take her back to her friends but in this case I could have tried to resist。

 resist resist but at that point she'd be going back to the friends later in the night when I would have spent more time with her I would have invested more it would be more urgent when she gets back to her friends I wanted to just find out the information because it was basically very clear she was either going to go back with a dude she has history with as ex-bofriend or current boyfriend or whatever the fuck or she's gonna go with me it's clear it's gonna be one way or the other so rather than wait till the end of the night for that decision I've done what I can and if I'm needy and pushy I'm actually hurting myself in terms of that decision potentially I've done what I can let's go let that decision play out and I'm confident enough and I have enough abundance in my ability to pull another girl that if she ends up going with this guy fine she goes with him I'll go talk to some other girl。

 It's Halloween night there's plenty of girls I can pull。I will be just fine。

 And in the meantime I was even talking to some other very attractive girls as well。

 So that's how I went down。 don't need to see all that play out because that's all pretty typical。

 but I wanted you to see how I was reading this girl' blueprint。

 how I was telling about her blueprints in general about her blueprint for the night and how it led me to make certain decisions but not make others。

