# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：6.心态 数字游戏（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next mentality I want to share with you is a mentality from sales。

 And sales and game have so many parallels。 It's absolutely crazy。

 You'll hear me talk about sales a lot。 But the idea here is mentality related to cold calling。

 And the idea。 and this is something I've read in sales books also been taught when I've had。

 you know， sales jobs in the past。😊，By like， sales trainers and such is that。

Whenever you're doing sales， you're at kind of a certain level in terms of your results。

 And what that means is that you're for each lead， you' X amount likely to close。

 And for each appointment you have that you get to talk to someone your X amount likely to close。

 et cetera。 And so let's say that maybe 40% of the time when you get a lead。

 you're gonna make a sale。 Well， in that case， actually we'll change it。

 we'll change the numbers and make these easy you'll make it 20%， That's one in  five。

 So 20% of the time。 when you get a lead， you're gonna make a sale。 Well。

 that means that when you pick up the phone 4 out of five times you're gonna get a rejection 4 out of five times you're gonna hear no。

 one out of five times you're gonna to hear yes。 But if you pick up the phone often enough。

 you're gonna make a lot of sales， and you're gonna make a lot of money。That said。

 every single time you pick up the phone， you're more likely to hear no than yes。

 So it could be very easy to be discouraged， Very easy to be know。

 have a negative view when you pick up the phone。 But a great way to view it is that you have a certain amount instead of thinking like I need to get a certain amount of yeses。

 Think about， I need to pick up the phone and do my best work on a certain number of calls。

 And that's what my job is， my job is to do the calls and do a good job on the calls。

 And if I do that， the yeses will come。 So with that mentality。

 every time you pick up the phone and get a no， that just got you one call closer to a yes。 So yes。

 you're getting four nos forever Yes。 but every time you pick up the phone。

 it's equally as likely that it's going to go well and equally as likely that it's going to go badly。

 So you just have to go through those numbers， You're putting in the approach。

 you're putting in the numbers because that is a part of the process。 right Now。

 you don't want to get to the point where you're so discouraged that you're just going through the motions。

 That's going too far。 You need to put in your best effort on every call。

 But understand that every call， a failed call is just a step in your success because。

Whatever level you're at， you have a certain numbers game is the same thing in game。 right。

 when you start off， your results might be， I don't know if you're really beginner。

 maybe one approaching 100 could lead to a result。 But you put in those 90 or9。

 you're gonna get to that one as you get very advanced。 It might be like  one in 3。

1 in 5 to get a really， really good result。But the point is that every single failed approach is just part of the process of you know。

 going through your particular numbers game at the level you're at and getting to the successful one。

 So every failed approach is actually one step towards a successful approach。

