# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：11.进阶者任务：6.其他人【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Challenge number 5。 And this is one that terrifies most guys talking to a girl when there are guys with her。

 Now， granted， this is more difficult。 granted， there's a chance that it's her boyfriend。

 There's also a chance that's her brother or her gay best friend。

 and she's totally available and would love to meet a guy。 So give yourself a chance。

 And what I suggest in this case is just go be social。

 You don't have to go up and like overtly hit on her right in front of the dude。

 who may well be her boyfriend。 Instead， talk to them both be social。

 And the same question you ask to the group of girls， ask to the group of guys and girls。

 which is how do you guys all know each other。 By the way， ask it to the girl。

 because if the guys at all possess it， He may lie to you。 But ask it to the girl。

 how do you guys all know each other， find out the lay of the land。

 it turns out he's her brother or just a friend from school or whatever。

 You're totally in the clear and is a totally good opportunity。 It turns out he's her boyfriend。

 Congratulate him。 Mo on， not a big deal。 All right， But again。

 a lot of girls are in groups of girls and guys， A lot of girls have guy friends who may be。😊。

are orbiting and would love to be with them but aren't their boyfriends these are great opportunities and opportunities that 99% of guys miss don't be in that 99% be in that 1% that's actually bold enough to go start a conversation again you don't have to hit on her from the first word just go be positive and friendly start the conversation and give yourself a chance to find out if there's a possibility。

