# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：4.学习框架控制的四个层次_enc.dolit

Before I go too much further with exploring a frame， I want to give you a little cautionary word。

 And that's this。 Almost everybody I know who gets really good at game goes through a period where they are sort of like a frame control junkie a little bit where they are very into frame control。

 They're seeing frames everywhere and it gets very easy to like cling to your frames and be very firm in hanging onto your frames。

 and that's a natural progression， it's totally fine to go through it But I want to get you through that as fast as possible and with as little sort of negative collateral damage to your interactions as possible because it does come off very awkward and it can come off as as a very negative thing overall if you're too caught up in the frame to the point that frame is becoming obvious or the point that like you become really。

 really stubborn about holding frames and forcing frames onto other people the idea of forcing frames onto other people is something you should never be doing What I want to explain to you right now are the levels that guys。

Go through when learning frame control。 So the first level is being kind of frame ob bolivious So they just don't understand kind of what the words they're saying。

 and the the ideas they're putting out what effect they're having on themselves and other people。

 And so maybe they'll have things like negative selftalk like they're I'm a loser and that's reinforcing the idea that they're such a loser or maybe they'll be saying things like that are begging for permission from other people or putting themselves in a in a low value position。

 and they're just not aware of it。 that's just how they've decided that's how they've lived life so far。

 That's the habit That's what kind of their upbringing their philosophy。

 whatever their socialization has LED them to and they're just doing it kind of by accident。

 And this is most people in the world。 Most people are not aware of their frames。

 And this is a big reason why most people stay in the same r， don't get ahead。

 don't achieve the things they want to a frame is incredibly incredibly powerful。

 So most people are just。Olivia to frame。 And that's kind of a sad way to go through life。

 It' it's like having this this force that's acting on you and others。

 and you're just completely unaware of it。 and you're just being swept along kind of out of control of your own life So that's not where you want to stay However。

 once someone is introduced to the topic of frame the most natural thing that happens to them is they become really obsessive and really overly conscious about frame And that actually in some ways。

 at least temporarily can be worse。 And so you'll see is people that are like someone will say something to you。

 And you're like thinking so hard about what is what is the frame of it。

 What are all the implications， is he or she trying to reframe me I this a bad frame。

 Should I frame in a certain way， do I need to reframe。

And the problem is you get sort of this like analysis paralysis where you're trying to be frame perfect。

 Okay， here's what I want you to understand in terms of that。

Which is you've gotten through your whole life， probably with oblivious frame。And you've gotten。

 you've done okay with it。 So where you see opportunities to easily improve your frame and your frame control by all means take them。

 But understand that if you even if you don't improve your frame control， you're still gonna be okay。

 you're still gonna get by。 you're still gonna be okay in life。 And so take the lowhan fruit。

 Take the easy frame control， take the easy reframes。

 take the easy positive frames that are available to you and by doing that and practicing that。

 you're gonna get more comfortable with them。 and then you're gonna do more and more advanced framing and reraming。

 But if you ever， even at advanced level， even when you get really。

 really good at game and really good at understanding frame control。

 if you ever get this idea that you have to be perfect in your frame， that you can never slip。

 you're gonna become very rigid， very tense， very like boring and negative and it's not a good thing。

 You must not become too much of a perfectionist with it and you must not cling too hard to your frame。

 it is okay to make mistakes。 understand that most people are making frame mistakes or frame errors or frame control like you know Blunders all。

Over the place。 And just by being aware of frame， you're gonna already be doing better than average。

 Let that be enough and then get a little better and a little better and a little better。

 Do not be the guy that's so caught up in being perfect and never getting out framed or never failing a shit test or whatever that you become rigid and unexpressive or you get into this area where you like run out of things to say because you're judging everything you say way too much。

 Okay so that's the next level people go through when learning frame control。

 So first is' being oblivious。 The second is being really like tense and cleaning to frame and becoming very unnatural about it。

 So you're getting the frame part right， but you're so unnatural and everything else that it makes you socially weird。

 And again， a lot of people go through that Try to minimize that the most you can by not being perfectionist understanding that you do not have to be perfect in your frame。

 Every little improvement is a good thing。Next level I will see is people doing frame control。

 but people doing frame control in a very antagonistic way。

 So one of the easiest ways to not kind of be reframed by someone is to be just negative towards the world because if you're negative towards the world and and contrary to everything you're very highly uninfluenceable and when you're contrary to everything and you're putting something strong out。

 you might occasionally occasionally influence someone else to change their frame but only occasionally being super negative is not something people react well to and being again very rigid and very like my way of the highway it tends to just turn people off and it tends to be very unpersuasive so you might occasionally convince some people with very weak frames to follow your frame and you certainly by being antagonistic to the world will be like putting up a shield against other people's potential frame control of you but this is still a very negative outlook is still a very negative way of viewing frames and frame control and it' still not going to help you very much okay。

The fourth and final level that I want you to get to。 And again。

 by having the right attitude in this learning process。

 I would like you to actually kind of be at this level all the time。

 and I'll explain that in a second。But that's the level where you're doing soft。

 subtle fun frame control right You're being nice。 You're being kind where you see an obvious easy way to improve the situation by improving the frame。

 you take that opportunity， but you're not trying to force it。

 You're not going out of your way for it and you're not clinging to your frame and trying to be perfect you're coming from a positive fun place。

 happy place， a good place and just adding in what you can in the sense of frames。

 And so the idea here that I'd like you to do is start off with maybe your frame oblivious。

 when you notice some lowhan easy frames to implement into your game some little adjustments you can make by all means implement them。

 but don't worry about being perfect， don't worry about all the advanced things you're not doing。

 Don't worry about never dropping your frame for a second。

 Under again that most people are dropping their frames constantly they get by just fine。

 you've probably been dropping your frame for years and getting by just just fine So don't make a big deal of it。

 and and just gradually build on those fundamentals， but don't become。Frame control junk。

 don't become the guys like I will never give in。 I will never lose my frame and don't become the person that's so antagonistic and thinking that everybody's out to get them。

 Okay because frame control is so powerful and because it can be used in manipulative ways and even probably is being used in manipulative ways if you've ever watched marketing or advertising on TV and stuff like that。

 there's all kinds of frame control being used on you every single day。

 But try not to get negative about it try to understand it。Appreciate it and stay positive。

 It's gonna to be much more helpful to you， both in resisting frame control eventually and definitely in enacting frame control and controlling your own world in a positive way。

 So I really want to emphasize to those four kind of levels of learning the lowest level is frame oblivious than you have like paralyzed by frame you have antagonistic frame and then you have positive understanding of frame。

 And that's what I want you to get to as soon as possible。

 And even I'd rather have you be positive but imperfect rather than paralyzed or antagonistic but more perfect in terms of your frame control。

 the viewpoint and the way that you're using the frame does really， really matter。

