# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：12 - 如何接吻 - 相位转移_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So now that you know you need to go for the kiss， it would probably take a lot of worry off your mind to have some idea of how to go about it because there's two issues that keep guys from kissing girls。

 One is they're scared to try。 the other issue is they don't know how to try non awkwardkwardly。

 they don't know how to try in a way that won't come off totally weird and creepy And so that's a big issue for a lot of guys So how do you in a way that is gonna be congruent that's going be well received that's going bes it's going suit the interaction and feel good to the girl and all those kind of things technique that I think is one of the absolute most valuable and most powerful and probably the one to use the most often for kissing is was essentially called a phase shift and in order to illustrate this instead of explaining what it is。

 I'm going give you the example of how I learned it and then we can talk about what it is So so this was I told you the previous story about the first girl I ever slept with and how she was also the first girl I ever really kissed I had one other girl long time ago who kissed me that involuntary in my part she just kissed me but the first guys left with the first girl I actually intentionally kissed。

And then so this is now this story is like。About three years after that and so for a while now I had been making it a point to kiss girls on my dates。

 making it a point that that happens， but I ended up in a situation three years later where I'd been on multiple dates with a girl I think it was this takes it was only two dates it was the first date I wanted to kiss her but the problem was。

She was just really friendly and talkative and so every time I would try and create a kissing situation every time I'd try and get closer every time I'd try and get some physical context and stuff like that。

 she wasn't unreceptive or like negative or anything like that but she was just really into the conversation she was just very flighty and and full of motion and full of energy we were in casual situation so she'd be like you standing up during the conversation or bouncing around or moving around or it was just hard to kiss a moving target essentially and she wouldn't sit still and wouldn't like it was again really friendly and positive and even complimentary but it just wasn't getting intimate so I went on two dates and then at the end of the second date she left in her car and I was like defeated I' like I'm never gonna to see this girl again I went on two days without kissing her that never fucking works etc I told one of my roommates at the time and this time my roommates were pretty well renowned pickup artists So the most famous of those renowned pickup artists which I won't。

I won't name names， but you can figure out who that might be， he gave me a tip。And he， he said， well。

 he said， call her back up， get her back here。 And then I'm gonna to tell you what to do to kiss her。

 And I said， are you sure that seems a little awkward。 like do it。 So I'm like， okay。

 So I called her up like， hey， sorry， I forever got something you come back real fast。

 And so she turned her car around， came back。 She agreed to come back and see me。

 which is is cool that that in and of itself shows some decent compliance。

 But then what he told me to do is he told me he's a very dramatic sort of fellow。

 He told me to go to say to her these lines。 You know， we talked a lot。 You and I。😊，We talked。

Too much。Comer and then kiss okay so we gave me actually a series of lines that were actually the phase shift and the idea of the phase shift is to slow everything down is to slow things down is to get more intimate。

 It's to make the person kind of sit still and get calm and and to focus on you and what you're doing is you're essentially maximizing the sexual tension you're putting the sexual attention to a breaking point where either she's going to shy away and reject the sexual attention or she's going to be receptive to the kiss and so I did this thing she came back I did we talked a lot。

 we talked too much Kaer and I kissed her and she kissed me and I never saw again after that because I think it was pretty fucking weird。

 to be honest， I think it was honestly like actually bad advice for getting that girl that I was given but it was good advice for my learning because after that I never had a problem kissing a girl again So I say thank you that you know that friend from long ago for teaching me that for what it helped me with all the other girls。

Although it was pretty fucking weird and uncalibrated in that case。

 it probably may have cost me getting a third date with that girl， who knows？In any case， though。

 the phase shift was incredibly valuable， it was incredibly useful to have learned and again。

 I've used it over and over again， and the idea is this。

 you've made the decision to kiss you've made that decision that's the previous video we talked about that and what you're going to do is you're going to slow down。

You're going to get more intimate。You're going look the girl in the eye。You can give more pauses。

And you're just going to do things like that that increase the sexual tension other thing that's a big part of the face shift is getting the girl facing you right so oftentimes when I'm doing maybe we're on a walk and I want to kiss the girl what I'll do is I'll take her by the hand and I'll pull her around and kind of have her facing me and I'll get like a little bit close and then I'll look her in the eye and do the face shift。

So that's the idea。 The idea is that you're bringing your own personal energy down to an intimate place。

 you're kind of imagining kissing her， you're slowing things down， you're not being chatty。

 you're not being conversational。 you're intentionally just upping the tension。

 you're upping the pause you're upping just intimacy and closeness and whatnot and by you making this kind of dramatic shift you almost dictate that the other person has kind of gotta go along with you if they're feeling any kind of rapport at all and that that phase shift is gonna lead to a good opportunity to kiss in many cases now if you do try a phase shift and the girl like gets flightied or lasted off or does something else。

 you can always back off and go back to normal conversation that's fine。

 but this should work more often than not， especially if you've had good encounters up to that point So this phase shift idea。

 this idea of putting yourself into a sexual state is going to be very very helpful and then beyond that in the next video it's talk about specific techniques you can do once you are in a very focused one on one kind of situation。

Where you do have eye contact where you have created maybe some tension。

 different things you can do to actually generate the kiss if you're still having trouble or you're still a little nervous or whatever。

 so we're going talk in the next video about specific techniques you can do there。

 but the first thing is， like I said the decision Second thing is the attitude and the vibe。

 which is where this phase shift comes in， taking the risk getting more intimate getting more sexual in your own physiology and your own verbals in your own eye contact in your own decision- making and then finally only after that can you focus on the techniques。

