# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：03.言语游戏基础：1.什么是言语游戏_ev【课程更新加微信kc58567】

So I keep talking about verbal game， and in fact， this whole course is called verbal game。

 but really what is verbal game？At its heart， what am I talking about？😡，On a very superficial level。

 I'm talking about words。 I'm talking about understanding that the words you use matter and that the words you use are one of the most direct ways of communicating with a girl。

 right， You can， You can have an idea。Inside of you or a frame or feeling inside of you。

 but without communicating that in some way， usually through words。She can't understand it。

 and it can't have an effect on her。 therefore， it can't really exist this game。

 So first and foremost is this appreciation of verbal the verbal part of game And also the idea that you're sharing ideas and that whatever ideas or thoughts you have don't mean anything to the other person until shared。

 So that's on a very superficial level。 Another very superficial level way of looking at it is just appreciating words in general。

 which is something that I do as well。 I do appreciate the clever word or the right word。

 And I'm gonna to teach you a bit of that and hopefully a little bit not only of the implementation of that。

 but maybe even a bit of my passion for that， a bit of my love of words and my love of language。

 That's all kind of partly what this is， but really verbal game is not just words。

 Well verbal game is fundamentally is this。 It's having a plan for the interaction and then having a means for implementing that plan。

 so whenever you are in a conversation， it could actually be not even amanda woman's scenario。

 but any kind of a scenario where you have a desired outcome， maybe you're doing。

Maybe you're in business， maybe it is dating and you're manda woman。

 you have a particular idea of how you would like this thing to go， you have a plan。

And then from there in having that plan， there are certain ideas or thoughts or frames that if they exist will help that plan to be more likely。

 right， so in Amandawo's sense， if your plan is you would like to take this girl on a date。

 maybe have sex would maybe have a relationship with her。

 one frame or idea that's very useful is the idea that you are an attractive person。

 That's an idea that's useful。 Another idea that's maybe useful is the idea that sex between two healthy individuals of a species is a normal thing to have happen。

 That's a useful idea。 right， so you need to have this plan and then you have idea that you would like to be present。

In the conversation。 Now， those ideas， again， they're nebulous they're in your head。

 How are they expressed， They're expressed through a specific medium， oftentimes words， right。

 So theres specific lines that you can say are specific stories you can tell specific things that you can impart to the conversation that are going to make these ideas be present and be the most important or agreed upon ideas within the conversation。

 which obviously if that's the case， that's going to make it more likely that you'll achieve your goals。

And then in verbal game， this program we're gonna take it one step further rather than just give you lines。

 this whole idea of if you give a man of fish， you can eat for a day， you teach them to fish。

 you can eat for life， So they're just giving you a bunch of lines to implement your ideas what we're going to do is we're gonna go a step further and teach you how to create your own lines how to create your own lines that are congruent with your personality。

 how to create your own lines that are congruent with the situation you can come up with them on the spot and have a solution whenever you're not relying on a few things I taught you that you're just like going to use until they get stale and get old and are 1 years past their prime and aren't relevant to the current culture。

 now I'm going to teach you how to come up with things of your own congruent to you。

 congruent to the situation for the rest of your life that again are going to help you implement those ideas and help you have your conversations。

 your interactions with women and to be fair though in all of life go in the direction and the manner that you would like them to go according to your plan and your desired outcome。

More so than they have before。