# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：5 - 叙事技巧4 - 想法植入_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

This next idea， inception is something I was kind of hinting at in the previous video when I'm talking about the objective Cative。

 which is someone coming to their own conclusion， somebody discovering something for themselves。

But inception goes far beyond that， and it applies not just to storytelling。

 but to everything that you're conveying in game。 So inception is the idea that if you tell somebody something。

 they may doubt it or even argue with it， Where if they come to the conclusion themselves。

 they're more likely to believe it， they're more likely to remember。

 it's more likely to be meaningful for them。 So one example of this in general is in teaching。

 If I were to tell you this thing is true。 This is my assertion， this is my belief。

 your immediate instinct is probably to try and first of all。

 be like that contradicts my belief to whatever extent and I resist it。

 next instinct is probably to poke holes in it。 But if instead of telling you this is my belief。

 what if instead I asked you a series of questions。 and you were able to answer the questions。

 they LED up to this belief and you came to the conclusion yourself。

Then you're not going to dispute the conclusion because you came to the realization yourself。

 it came from you。 And so anything that appears to have come from the person receiving it as opposed to the person giving it didactically as opposed to like being preached at it's gonna be a lot more wellbel。

 So again， this idea of objective show don't tell that I just talked about fits that by showing rather than telling your positive qualities。

 you allow her to come to the conclusion But the same is true， if， for example。

 youre maybe saying things that are not even a story but are just self-descripts So instead of saying that you're really good at one thing or another thing or another thing。

 maybe you say that you're in this like really intense tournament of whatever thing。

 So maybe like if it's a sport or a game or whatever instead of saying know I'm really good at X Y Z game I remember this time when I was at you know a wrestling tournament and it was like the final match and yada yada yada right。

Having all that kind of stuff and everybody was watching there was a lot of pressure。

 This is like the culmination of the whole event。 You didn't say it's the championship match。

 You didn't say you're really good at wrestling， but you still kind of did but in doing that this is against storytelling in this case but you are making things more interesting you're building attention。

 it's a good enough story in its own right， but she's coming to the conclusion that you're good at wrestling。

 you didn't flat out， say I'm good at wrestling same thing potentially if you're making certain arguments if there are certain frames you would like to have be the case if there's certain ways you'd like to be perceived instead of saying the final conclusion a lot of times you can just give all the things that lead up to the conclusion and leave the conclusion hanging and let them have inception on that last little bit other forms of inception would be for example。

 let's say that hypothetically， let's say that you know that when girls Google you。

 there's some impressive stuff out there for them to Google And most of the time when girls Google you。

 they discover this stuff about you etc well。In this case。

 you don't need to tell them that information you just need to get them to Google you so for example。

 you could just tell them some other stuff or you could tell them some related thing or you could you could do a little like come with some reason why you have to look up your name for some game you're playing or something like that And then all of a sudden the Google results hit and she sees it real fast and you want to go a little further with the inception once she's seen it like maybe on your screen or something like that if you're doing it together。

 you can be like don't worry about that and you actually just trying as soon as she's notice it。

 you take it off the screen she' like no no what was that tell me tell me。

 I guess you can look at it And now not only did she discovered it for herself。

 it even looks like you tried to avoid her seeing it。

 you tried to avoid bragging me about this thing that was so positive and what kind of guy does that must be a very nonney guy must be a guy who has a lot of other positive accolades etc So this idea of her discovery for herself。

 this idea of it being by accident， this idea of even if you were almost trying to keep her from discovering it and she discovered it and then it turns out to be really。

All of these are incredibly incredibly powerful。 Another example of this would be if someone else told her something like so maybe she has an interaction with you and then this would be a little hard to orchestra mean you could do it if you were really particularly manipulative but this is just to illustrate the point mostly is that after the conversation with you someone came up to her and said。

 oh do you you know who that guy was or hey do you know that guy did this。

 this and this that would be that would look better than if you had claim those things yourself。

Again， I don't want you to be like the guy that's like you know trying to you have people following you around and telling girls thing that that's very。

 very like convoluted and very very difficult。 That's just an example。

 but to the extent that she can discover things on her own to the extent she can hear the good things about you from your friends。

 you know other girls， other people that you interact with rather than you telling them directly。

 all of these are better things and they all lead to this idea this critical idea which is the idea of inception right when you give someone an idea。

 they're likely to analyze it and be critical of it when they create the idea for themselves。

 they're much more likely to accept it。