# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：13.情境机会主义（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next game specific technique I want to talk about is something I call situational opportunism As soon as you say the word opportunism we talk about dennotation and connotation。

 that word has a very negative connotation it's connotate is opportunistic that's bad that's evil But think of it this way what's the opposite opposite of being opportunistic what being an opportunity avoider like trying to avoid things going your way that would be just crazy so don't be like opportunistic in an evil way。

 don't be like manipulatively opportunistic and like whatever。 but when good opportun arise。

 please do be opportunistic when shit goes your way。

 please capitalize on the fact shit went your way instead of undermining yourself and making things harder for yourself。

 There's two specific examples I want to give you for situational opportunism so you understand the concept First one is a concept in game called the front door rule。

 The front door rule basically says in night game when you're in a borrower club oftentimes just the very act of walking out the door with a girl says a lot because historically typically guys she's。

Wal out the door with our guys she' spent a lot of time with had a good connection with and typically whenever she's gone home with a guy that she's met in the club。

 they probably have walked out together so you're putting herself in the same category as guys she's gone home with in the past so there is some meaning attached to literally walking out the door with a girl and this can be used in the extreme by literally just when girls are walking out the door walking out with them and having an instant front door rule which will actually weirdly enough create a lot more of a connection then should be the case normally in a quick interaction so it it's a good opportunity。

 the idea of walking out the door with a girl has some social meaning has some emotional meaning to a girl so if the chance arises during an interaction to walk out the door with her or not walk out the door with her walking out the door with her is favorable。

Also， if you are getting towards the end of the night。

 like you know the bar is closing in a few minutes' being hanging out with the girl all evening rather than try and force coerce like be pushy about hey。

 let's go somewhere， hey let's leave this place， whatever you know that the bouncers are gonna push you out the door in 10 minutes Why not just chill and have a good time and let the bouncers pull for you instead of you having to make an overt move to pull and a lot of this situational opportunism is that it's letting things just happen letting the night come to you rather than forcing it being a little bit patience taking your time and waiting for that good opportunity rather than forcing a bad opportunity similarly you could say a lot of guys what they'll do they'll see two girls at the bar ordering a drink and they'll open right when the girls are ordering a drink and the first thing that happens after the open is that they get interrupted by the bartender that's situationally dumb that situationally opportunity avoiding an opportunity like screwing yourself over opportunistically instead wait for a better opportunity and open when the situation' is a bit better。

On the open， a great example of situational opportunism is what I call what is the accidental opener or the just opener that's less tri hard so the open that's less trihar would be for example。

 if instead of just walking over a girl and opening when her backs turn and she's not addressing you if you have a chance as you're walking over towards her kind of look in her direction and see if you can catch eye contact if you can catch eye contact。

 you can open as if she gave you a look or she opened you which is gonna to make it a lot less tri hard and a lot less pickupy on your part is' going make it seem a lot more natural even certain cases I'll go way further with this。

 for example， in a situation where there's a guy in a girl and any kind of approach you do would automatically be met with resistance from him sometimes I might accidentally bump into the group and then open from there so that it seems like I had no agenda whatsoever and so that if the guy opposes my talking to the girl。

 he really does come across as really overprotective in a bit of an asshole So there are situations you can go as far as making the。

seem completely accidental。 And that's going to be to your benefit。

 So to the extent that you can create good situations。

 good game is wonderful and being brilliant and clever and witty is wonderful。

 But putting yourself in a good situation goes a long way。

 Pre good game in a perfect situation will most of the time do better than perfect game in an awful situation。

 So please be situationally opportunistic。 Please look for good timing for your opens。

 Please look for good scenarios and good problem solving on your closes。

 It's gonna make a huge difference in your results。😊。

