# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：16 - 性的蓝图_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So we're talking about relationships and sex and so far I've talked to you about blueprints that have everything to do with anything other than relationships and sex have to do with what a girl sees as success。

 as value， what impresses a girl， these kind of things we have talked about what emotionally turns a girl on we have talked about being polarizing and being mandulin we've definitely talked about that but in this video I want to talk more specifically about a girl's sexual blueprint because the girl's blueprint for what she sees as value in life and a blueprint for what she looks for in a mans sexually are not necessarily the same thing when you're assessing a girl's sexual blueprint。

 it's very useful to get information about their past relationships or past sexual behaviors So things like do they like to party or not will tell you a lot things like have they dated really successful guys or have they dated guys that were artistic and interesting in the past will tell you a lot。

Also， you can gauge the types of things that turn a girl on and you can notice patterns。

 So if a girl likes one move that you do that's a physical move。

 she's likely to like other physical moves that you do。 And that's part of her sexual blueprint。

 her blueprint for escalation to sex。 So for example。

 let's say you did a move of taking a girl by the hand and like pulling her over to you relatively like I'm not talking like aggressively forcefully。

 I wouldn't want to do that。 but in a way that's like fairly assertive。

 and certain girls will be like they'll be a little nervous about that or won't like it。

 certain girls will be deeply clearly aroused by the fact that you kind of like you know werere assertive and took some charge。

 Now the girl that is that does respond to that will probably respond to other things like she's likely to respond to having her hair pulled。

 she's likely to respond to you taking a strong lead in being a little bit assumptive in other areas。

 And then in terms of when it comes to sex。 she's more likely than some other girls to like sex where you're like。

Quote unquotef as in you're like you know going at it。

 whereas it's less sort of like love dovey and nice and like you know very sensual right so there is a correlation。

 she might like you know having your asack during sex， for example。

 she might even like being choked to be careful what that one calibrate and only do it when you're getting good signals but in any case she's likely to like these other things that go along with a same type of vibe Other girls with respect to sexual blueprint will like the escalation to be very soft and very sweet and very s and they'll respond to things like holding hands or laying on your shoulder and cuddling up to you and if you're to try something more aggressive or forceful or whatever with them。

 it might turn them off or even scare them so finding out what type of things a girl has responded to in past boyfriends what those archetypes have been that she's gone for can tell you a lot about what type of archetype to play how she responds to specific physical moves or even specific teases that you give there are patterns So the girls that respond to love dovey on one level usually。

Respond to Levy Dvey in other areas the girls that respond to assertive in one level will respond to assertive in other areas the girls that respond to dismissive in one area may respond to dismissive in other areas so you want to be checking out their escalation and sex blueprints if they respond to one thing they'll likely respond to others and again as with all blueprints。

 the more experience you have with girls the more you're going to be able to read these blueprints over time with any of the blueprint factors。

It comes to me you every once in a while I'm talking to a girl and she reacts a certain way I'm like oh shit。

 I know this girl because I dated a girl that is exactly this blueprint before specifically we're talking a few videos ago about the European goodg blueprint this is not about sexual blueprint but it's a useful point we're talking about the European Goodg blueprint and when I have a girl hit that she reminds me exactly of my girlfriend at the end of college who was foreign student from Europe who is this like high achievingieving European girl who followed the rules and so I meet certain girls especially from the same part of Europe as this girl I dated and I'm like holy shit。

You're this girl。 I dated you for two and a half years。 I know exactly your blueprint。

 And at a certain point， it just clicks， I' like I know I'm gonna to sleep with this girl Like I'm almost certain because I just understand her so well。

