# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：14 - 基线作为叙事# 你的生活方式_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The idea of baseline as narrative should actually be a lot more intuitively logical than the idea of plotline as narrative because literally telling your life story is baseline a lot of it and narrative is your story。

 at least the narrative of you is your story but a couple of kind of fine distinctions here and points of emphasis one is that just knowing that baseline and narrative are very similar doesn't mean you're going know what to do with it。

 So I want to talk to you a little bit about what specific baseline types of things to do to convey the best narrative。

 The second thing is that while baseline is naturally going convey the narrative of you。

 the narrative of who you are， there's a difference between the narrative of you and the narrative of we remember the narrative of we being how you and the girl interact and how what you and the girl's relationship means not just who you are disembodied。

 And so as you're doing your baseline， one you want to think about what are the most effective ones and not just randomly you know talking。

 not just randomly fluff talking make it pointed。ental fluff talk。

 but also not just how you conveying yourself， how are you conveying the relationship。

 and this is the thing most guys miss when they are dealing with baseline。

Okay so first thing I want to address here is lifestyle。

 What can you do in conveying your lifestyle and answering lifestyle questions that's going to be most effective for conveying you in the best possible light。

 And then also how can you make this good for the baseline of you sorry the narrative of you and the girl together not just the narrative of you now it should be fairly obvious that being more successful being less successful in most cases。

 Not all， but in most cases， and the reason I say not all is there is this idea of the lover versus provider distinction the idea that there are two ways to be successful with women。

 one is to be the guy who is inherently attractive for his own physical traits and his own abilities。

 and then the other is the guy who could provide resources and is sort of like buying a woman's affection or promising her gifts in order to seduce her and both have been viable reproductive strategies throughout history and there has been a distinction in women's minds。

 So a lot of guys by having a better lifestyle。Actually hinder their game with it because they get caught up in this idea of being the provider。

 They get caught up in showing their lifestyle first or showing the logical elements of lifestyle Ie。

 wealth first and buying the girl lots of things， taking the girl on expensive dates which it's a nice thing and it's fun but what it can potentially convey to the girl is you don't think you're enough without that you don't think the girl would hang out with you if you weren't spending money on her。

 and that's why you're spending money on her。 So having money inherently is a good thing for example。

 But having money in the way that you're making up for something or leading with it because there's nothing else is not gonna be good。

 having money in the way that you're an amazing guy。

 youre having an awesome time with her and then you just happen to have the resources to have even more fun to do some extra stuff。

 that's going be really， really positive and that's the proper way for example to use money the same thing is going to occur with anything in your lifestyle say you have a good job Are you trying to use that job to show off to her or do you have that good job because。

You're passionate about it and interested in it and it makes your lifestyle better and makes you more exciting and will make her have more fun if she's in your world。

 So within within all these areas， having a better lifestyle is better。 It just is。

 but it's more important how you convey that lifestyle than what the lifestyle is。

 you could convey more as a guy who's barely getting by and make it more exciting a girl in a world she'd be more likely to want to live in by controlling the way you express the baseline then there are a lot of guys that have all the things a girl could or should want。

 but they express it in a boring way or a needy way or in a provider way and that will actually come back to haunt them and actually make that positive lifestyle more of a detriment than a positive。

 So one have a good lifestyle， convey a good lifestyle but do it in a way that's gonna to be positive rather than negative for you。

