# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：2 原型：3 - 第一代美国人_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Another common archetype which is a little bit like the ones we just talked about in the previous video in the sense of following the rules。

 but also a little bit different is what I call the first generation American girl essentially so a girl that her parents came over from a foreign country usually a foreign country that's not as wealthy as the United States and for them it was a huge deal that they give their child a better life than they had and so this girl probably came from a certain level of poverty。

 a certain level of having to work contrasting to the princess and these other girls we talked about before she may have had to work from a young age she may have had to work when she turned like 1516 she had to get like a menial jobs as Port a family while putting herself through school and it was maybe a big deal for her just to make it through high school and in fact。

 for her making it through high school maybe a bigger accomplishment than some other girl going to Harvard would be and I don't even mean that in a way that's meant to downgrade her or like make。

whatever I mean literally that probably took more character and maybe even more intelligence coming from where she came from than it would have taken for someone with all the opportunities to have gotten to a much more advanced degree level and so this particular girl is an interesting combination of she's gonna to have maybe a little bit of a chip on her shoulder or maybe a little bit of gritiness and edge about her and a little bit of like tenacity and not wanting to give up so she'll be particularly susceptible to being challenged in wanting to meet the challenges so that can be a really really good way to game her but she also might be a little bit simultaneously envious and distrustful of people who have a high level of success because she knows that she worked harder than them in many cases and she knows she's more competent than them in many cases but yet in the same time she is ambitious and does value success and does want more success in her own life and so if you can convey that you're successful that's very much gonna create a love hateate thing for her if you can convey that you're successful because you had a golden spoon in your mouth she's not going。

that very much。 But if you can convey to her that you're successful through character and through having to achieve it yourself in some way。

 that's maybe gonna be very， very appealing to her and something she really really likes Also for this girl。

 the idea of entrepreneurship might be foreign into her or might not it depends on her culture。

 So there are some cultures that come to the United States and they put a big emphasis on putting their kids through school and that's the big thing as I want my kid to through high school and my kid to go to college in which case for that type of girl。

 she's been growing up with the idea of getting a good job as like doctor lawyer engineer is the goal。

 And if you have that she'll think it's really high value。

 if you're an entrepreneur she'll think maybe you couldn't hack it in school。

 There are other cultures that definitely have like the small business mentality like maybe instead of their parents getting a job。

 they created a small business they struggled to make the business work and maybe the kid grew up working in the family business and had to put in their work that way to put themselves through school。

 In that case， they maybe really will highly。Enrepreneurship and really highly value a successful entrepreneur。

 but it's very important with this type of girl that you understand what she views as successful and what she views as good character does she view getting a good education and doing the established you know nine to five route as good character and hard work or does she view being entrepreneurial and grinding away in your own business and taking that risk and coming out the other side successful as her version of success and hardwork and grit in most cases some amount of grit and character will be important but what qualifies as grit and character may depend culture to culture also by the way。

 having some respect and curiosity for her culture may go a long way because her being first generation she may care very deeply about that as well as the Americanness of her culture so having some care or understanding or even some knowledge of her culture if you happen to have it can go a long way in terms of her blueprint and if you can speak her language that will be huge as well。

