# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：04.游戏时代：1.没有游戏的时代_ev【课程更新加微信kc58567】

I want to talk to you about four different styles of game that have kind of existed throughout the time that I've been in game I want to tell you kind of the pros and cons of each The one I'm gonna to talk about first and probably shortest is kind of the no game era it's the idea that game doesn't even exist that you're you just kind of get the girl you're supposed to based on value and this was kind of the idea that was prevalent worldwide and it still probably is the most prevalent idea worldwide and especially before the internet was a big thing and there was a lot of sharing of ideas about game this is kind of what everybody believed So it was kind of this idea that if you want to get girls become a celebrity or you know be the captains in your football team get a good job driving as car it's the kind of the thing that marketing his package to us as the way to live life and the way to succeed with women。

However， a lot of you are here because that didn't work for you for one reason or another maybe you actually were successful and we're doing a lot of things and you realize you know what without the social skills and without going out and meeting girls that's not actually getting me girls or maybe you're the type of guy that that is not easy for you maybe you're not the most naturally good looking guy or maybe like you don't have the best job currently and you don't want to just quit on yourself and be like well just because of that doesn't mean I shouldn't be successful with girls isn't there another way and that no game era is where I started and where I was for the first 18 years of my life and I was the type of guy who on paper should have been successful with girls。

But I wasn't。 I was， you know star soccer player in a school where soccer was the major sports。

 I was academically good。 I was relatively good looking。 I mean， not great looking， you know。

 look at me， but I was okay， I didn't look ugly， but I wasn't getting getting girls and that was because why because I hadn't learned to be social I hadn't learned to converse。

 I hadn't learned these skills。Not's where a lot of people are coming from and the idea that there is no game or that game doesn't exist。

 It's all about these other factors is actually incredibly damaging to your learning curve because it makes most guys give up。

 It makes most guys not even pursue this。 It makes guys not even explore this and it keeps guys exactly where they are and so you end up with guys just resigning themselves to failure with girls or you end up with little bits of bro science that you'll read like here and there in a maxim magazine type of a thing and that's what I grew up with and that's a big reason why I didn't get a lot of success growing up and through my early formative years。

 I'm not going to address that one too much because the very fact that you're here。

 the fact you've watched my channel the very fact you have this program means that you have realized that game is a skill and game is a thing but I do want to point out that most of the world does view it that way。

 Most of the world doesn't even think game exists。 most of the world doesn't even think game is real and this is a massive advantage you have you're one of the few people in the world who is actually pursuing this improving in this area and it's a huge part of why you have an advantage So with that said。

I to talk about the different forms of game that have existed among those who have realized that game is a learnable skill。

 and we'll talk about which of those are better and worse and for which reasons。

