# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：13 - 如何接吻 - 策略_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

All right， so finally， we're on the tactics of how exactly to go for the kiss and remember。

 you've already made the decision to do it。 You've already decided to phase shift down and get the energy there。

 And then ideally， as you are getting as you are phase shifting。

 you'll get to a point where the girl starts to seem like flustered but happy。

 That's the ideal moment you're looking for。 that's the moment when the kisses is most on now that doesn't necessarily have to happen for you to kiss a girl。

 but that's the idea Ill call the girl pops so to speak she starts to get kind of like you know giggly dear and headlights。

 oftentimes she'll like get distracted， forget what she's saying that kind stuff she's starting to get kind of like she's more caught up in the idea that the kiss is gonna happen than she ist whatever she's saying。

 So she's starting to lose her train of thought。 that's a really good thing when that happens。

 But regardless of if that's happening again that's the ideal time。 But even if that's not happening。

 there are some techniques you can use to fairly reliably go for a kiss， make a kiss happen。

 I'm gonna to run these by you。 there's some sort of old school techniques， but they are definitely。

😊，Ol school techniques that have stood the test of time for a reason。

 First technique I'm gonna to mention to you is a very old school is's called triangular gazing。

 and the reason it's called triangular gazing is in theory you're gazing in a triangle。

 you're gazing from one eye to the lips to the eye to the lips and in a triangle。

 That's kind of bullshit。 What you're actually essentially doing is you're talking to girl and looking in her eyes and you're occasionally just glancing down at her lips That's what you're really doing It's not really triangular gazing it's like lip glancing but it assess with the technique has been called for nearly two decades。

 So I guess I'll stick with tradition and call it triangular gazing。

 But the idea here is that you're just kind of indicating the kiss so as you're already face shifting。

 you're talking a little slowly， you're looking in the eye you look down at her lips。

 look back up look down at the lips look back up and it's sort of like inviting yourself or indicating that you might take the invite to kiss and by guging her reaction you can very much see how willing or receptive she will be if you start doing the triangular gazing。

 you're already face shift， you're already slowing down and you start to lean in。

Lly and she doesn't pull away。 She's probably ready to be kissed。

 and oftentimes not only will she not pull away， but she'll actually kind of lean into or she'll start to like giggle or get that kind of thing that I mentioned before where she she less starts losing her train of thought or seem a little flustered or something like that。

 So all of those are are good。 but that's that's the first one is basically you're not like super obvious。

 not to the point we're like。Not like looking like that， but you are clearly gaze it。

 clearly looking in the eye and then clearly looking away， like looking at her lips。

 clearly looking at the eye， clearly， looking at the lips。Not again， super blatant。

 but semi blatantly And and you'll get you'll get a feel for this very， very quickly。

 Try it a few times。 you'll know when you're doing it right。

 But that's the idea of triangular gazing。 The other thing is because it's not a big overt physical gesture or a big over verbal gesture。

 even if you do it a little wrong or you're a little too overt with it。

 It's still not super like force like forcing or it's still not super awkward or anything like that because it is it's as subtle as an eye movement。

 So it is pretty safe in terms of a feeler for whether a kisses on。 And again。

 if you're doing that while leaning in or while cutting space。

 It's a very good indication that a kiss might happen。 So that's triangular gazing in a nutshell。

The next sort of like very gimmicickky one is what I call the eyes closed kiss This is one that I do not use often。

 I have used it in a couple key situations where for whatever reason it was hard to kiss so one situation where a girl was she was actually working and so I didn't know if she would kiss me while it work but I know if it wasn't her fault it could work out and she was kind of flight all over the place because she was working and rush rushing different places so I've done it in that context I've done it a few of times but it's very rare it's more if I somehow for whatever reason can't if I know the girl wants to kiss me I know she's on enough to kiss me。

 but I can't seem to find an opportunity otherwise maybe I'll do this。

 and the way eyes closed kiss works basically in principle is you get the girl to close her eyes for something and then you kiss her while her eyes are closed and about 99% of the time I can't say I haven't done enough times 100% of the times I've done it the girl has kissed me back she hasn't just sat there with like hard lips and not done it back。

 so I。Probably done it。 I don't know。 Maybe4 or five times。 I haven't done it that many times。

 but it's a been 100% success rate when I've done it。

Because I'm doing it when the girls already pretty on and when it's pretty good。

 and it is at least a little bit clever。 Girl respect the fact that you had a little ingenuity。

 the fact that you're a little cute and clever to a point as long as it's not super cheesy So the way I might frame this if I was gonna do it I'd be like actually hang on this something I I want to something I want to show you you trust me take a minute breathe。

 relax close your eyes keep them closed and then they'll kiss her something like that right And so I'm building up a little bit of attention then I'm going ahead and kissing。

 And again， the vast majority of times they'll kiss you back like you'll kiss and then they'll start kissing you back。

 And then afterwards， they'll be like you trick me or that that was very tricky of you or something。

 but meanwhile， they obviously you obviously kiss obviously liked you be like yeah but liked and they're like yeah you're right。

 and then you're good to go。 And then once you've done it that one time now because you've kind of broken the seal and you' kiss her now you can kiss her in much more normal ways going forward because you know you have permission not go to by any means but it is effect。

In certain situations where you're just having a lot of trouble and you can't seem to get over it or if it's like one of your first times going for a kiss and you're really nervous and getting the girl to just sit there with her eyes closed so you can do it without worrying about messing up might be useful。

 So for all the virgins out there that one's for you so to speak as well although there are some situations where even an experienced guy might be able to use it。

 next one that I want to tell you about these two combined the next two techniques combined are how I normally go for the kiss nowadays。

 first one is kind of the principle of an escalation ladder to the kiss。

 So it's just a series of things that are escalation or physical moves leading to a kiss。

 So I'm already doing the face shift I'm already being a little more intimate。

 And then what I might do is square up and like just take the girls two hands in my two hands in front and kind of like pull her toward me like pull her toward me and see if she's receptive if she's receptive and doesn't shy away and her face is coming towards me with no flinchcher hesitation。

 that's a pretty good indication I could probably kiss her I might just kiss her there。

 but I might go a little bit further with。esscalation ladder and I might like maybe brush her hair out of her face if she's receptive to that and doesn't pull her head away and even like maybe moves into it or seems to enjoy it or smile。

 then I'll maybe push my hand over her ear。 if she seems to like that。

 then maybe I will even go as far as like running my hand into the back of her hair and then like maybe pulling pulling your hair ever so lightly and if she's willing to do that then you can do it Another thing along these lines that actually I just thought of it wasn't even in my outline but I just thought of this that's similar to this escalation is I call it the vampire move which is I'll say do you prefer ears you prefer like kiss on you prefer ears or neck or do you prefer to be kissed on your ear or your neck So this is where you're already having an intimate conversation and you can kind of ask that question and then you kind of can say like maybe a hint that you're a vampire a little bit or maybe it'll be like here let's see and then you kind of push her head to the side and then you make out with her neck and ear。

 And then if you've done that you pretty much have permission to kiss her so that can work。

It's also a really good one if you're ever doing like three sums if you have like a girlfriend is you can kind of get your girlfriend to kiss the other girl on the neck and that's such a good one So as she had my girlfriend who used to do a lot of threesomes with she had fairly like I think they're called incisors but sort of like sharp teeth on sides so she doesn't look like a vampire but she does have slightly sharp teeth in the vampire position just slightly more than normal and so we do this game where we'd play like act like she's a vampire and she's gonna kiss bite the girl's neck or something like that and then obviously kissing the neck they're making out and good things can happen so that can be a really good one too in terms of an escalation it's a little bit gimmicky but it's still along those lines of an escalation sequence of the neck kiss being slightly less intimate than the lip kiss final one that that I do like is it's called an evolution face shift routine it's a very old one but the idea basically is one way or another you're gonna tell a story whereas part of the story you're going to essentially pull the girl's hair in the back and then in pulling the girls's hair in。

you're in a very good kissing position。 And if she seems receptive to it and responsible to it。

 you pretty much have permission to kiss her。 So the way the original story goes is essentially you say here。

 let me show you something， you pull the hair on back next like you that feel good。 she says yes。

 say， do you know why it feels good。 and then you explain how in evolution cats and dogs have that impulse to relax when when grab there because their parents when taking care of them as like little kittens and puppies especially cats in particular。

 I know of if it relaxes， it's more safe and whatever。 And while you're doing this。

 you're running your hand through a hair， you're occasionally pulling it you're getting very intimate And then I usually when I would do it。

 I would end it with I'd say know so it it was like a matter of survival for kittens and puppies Now as human beings this and I do it again means absolutely nothing。

But it feels really good。 And I think that's beautiful in itself。 And then Id kiss her。

 right So it's again， a little bit of face shift， a little bit of intimacy and going for the kiss。

 So that's another kind of gimmicky one you can do as well。

 So that's called the evolution face shift routine。

 the general idea though is that you're essentially using the pull on the back of the hair as the lead in to the kiss。

 final one， I'm gonna kind of give to you is it's a very balsy one， but very very good when it works。

 it can work in some scenarios where other ones can't So it's useful for that reason I call it the gangster because it is a very gangster move。

 way the reason I'll use the gangster is in particular。

 if I'm in a situation where I'm not sitting next to the girl or it'd be kind of hard to kiss the girl But I feel like otherwise the interaction would merit it So we'd be ready for a kiss if I was sitting next to her。

 but I'm just not So the way the gangster works to say， for example。

 maybe I'm having wine with a girl on a date we both have a wine glass or on opposite sides of a table opposite sides of a booth or something like that。

 the way by the way， I'm in a booth maybe I'd be on her side。😊，Anyway。

 but Fred whatever reason I'm not sitting next to her。So what I would do is I slow down phase shift。

 decide all those same things and then at a certain point what I would do is I'll just look at her。

 have like a long pregnant pause， extra phase shifty moment。

 maybe even triangular gaze a little bit or lip glance a little bit and then what I would do is I'd actually overtly take my glass and set it down。

And then'd reach over and take her glass out of her hands and set it down。 Meanwhile。

 I'm not saying anything I'm completely quiet。 and I'd stand up。

 walk around the table and either sit down next to her if that's an available option or if not just lean over and Id go ahead and kiss her And the point is there's so much momentum built and they see it coming so much that they almost can't reject at the time So if they were to object or rejected。

 they'd have to almost reject it while you're taking their glass， but they never do。

 and my success rate with this one is also very， very high。

 I have one time been rejected with the gangster。 and it was hilarious。

 it was actually quite a funny situation and whatever they didn't work out。

 the date probably wasn't gonna go anywhere anyway in that case there wasn't much lost but I had very good success with it。

 this one I have done many times。 I'd say my success rate with it's probably again， I failed it once。

 It's probably around 9095% in terms of success rate with it and it is very good it's a power move it's an awesome。

 Like it's kind of something you'd write into a Hollywood script and in that sense。

 it's pretty amazing。In any case， these are some methods you can use whether you need whether you're nervous and need to use ice closed kiss。

 if you're getting very comfortable and can just phase shift at will。

 that's the best way and that's the easiest way。But you also have these other things。

 evolution phase shift， lip gazing， the gangster if you need to。

 all these different things that you can do in order to help you to facilitate that kiss so that you're not stuck in this kind of you purgatory of I know I should kiss。

 but I don't know how。