# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：13.向前迈进（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

All right， so I've now given you a lot of different things you can do to generate attraction I've explained to what are attractive qualities and where they come from。

 I've explained the general concepts and formats and I've given you a lot of specific lines as well as the ways to adjust those lines so you're probably not just having just heard this amazingly good at attraction without actually practicing it。

 you have to go out practice it internalize it， get the skill。😡，But with this。

 you have everything you need to actually get good at attraction， however， big caveat。

Attraction tactics are very addictive Once you start using them and getting girls giggling and laughing and touching you and even making out with you。

 it's very easy to just think this is amazing。 I've never gotten these reactions before。

 I just want to do this all the time and it's very easy to have a game style that's very much dedicated to attract attract attract attract attract I call this like over pumpumping body temperature or like fen the girl's brain。

 What happens is she will get attracted to a point but if you keep doing it。

 she'll start to recognize the formats and see what you're doing and it'll start having diminishing returns。

Also， you doing too many attraction tactics is going to make you seem very much not genuine。

 It's gonna to make you seem like some kind of freak flirt game guy and not like a real genuine human being。

 And it can lead to a lot of flaking， it can even lead to like girls being very attracted to even making out with you but then not giving a number and not wanting to see you again。

 different things along those lines can also lead in the same night context to a girl having a good time with you not wanting to go home with you。

 The purpose of attraction。 attraction is not an end in itself。

 The purpose of game is not to get the girl more and more and more and more and more attractive。

 if attraction was rated on a zero to 10 scale， you need maybe a7 out of 10 attraction level。

 maybe even6， but just barely a little bit of attraction to be enough to keep the girl engaged to make the girl want to get to know you and to build the rest of the interaction and the real goal is to connect the real goal is to take the leverage you've built from attraction。

 The fact that she wants to talk to the fact she wants to connect with you and use that to actually proceed forward it and connect so attraction tactics are not。

themselves， the goal of game is not to get the maximum number of giggles or to just like randomly make out with girls in 30 seconds that's not good game that's not going to get you deep long results。

Okay sexual metaphor there unintended， but there it is for you。

 What's gonna get your results is connecting。 It's gonna get your results is building actual connection with the girl and getting to these next stages in game。

 specifically the next one being the evaluation stage where you kind of find out what it is you like about the girl and you frame it that know you're this high value guy and if she impresses you good things could happen。

 So that's where you want to get major question that I do get when it comes to transitioning from attraction to essentially connection building in comfort。

 which qualification is part of that or evaluations part of that。

 And then the narrative phases and and things like going on dates and spending time with the girl that all relates to building comfort。

 The question is， when do you transition ands a tough question because if you transition to early and you stop doing attraction tactics。

 then you get the girl bored。 And a lot of guys have this problem they call the girl getting bored in comfort or losing attraction and comfort And key thing with that。

 first of all I' talk about the timing， But the key thing。

That is you never completely stop So at the start of the interaction。

 you're doing a lot of attraction type things and very little or very few of the comfort type things。

😡，As the interaction goes on， you're gonna to start doing more and more of the comfort things。

 But the attraction things never go to0。 Even in a relationship years in。

 you're still going to tease occasionally。 you're still gonna do these attraction things every once in a while。

 even though a lot of it is you acknowledge you like each other。 You have fun together。

 And that's that。 And in fact， some of the attraction tactics into the flirting are some of the reasons why you may have fun together in a relationship。

 So it never completely goes away And that's one big mistake is guys have this idea that they have like the attraction phase。

 And they stop teasing entirely， And then they have this like very genuine heartfelt comfort phase。

 What that looks like is to the girl。 You are this one guy who got them attracted。

 And then you turn to this completely other guy。 you're like。

 what happened to that guy I liked in the first place。So it is very。

 very important that the attraction stuff continues throughout。 However。

 it's also important to transition at the right time。 And ideally。

 you want to transition as early as you can， but no earlier。

 you don't want to transition before they want to prove themselves to you before they want to connect。

 That's the key。 When do they want to connect with you or when are they willing to connect with you。

 Once you have signs of that。 That's when you move it forward。

 So what are signs they're willing to connect。 First one。A very clear one that happens a lot。

 they start asking you questions， they start opening up and trying to continue the conversation if there's a conversational silence。

 they fill it right so going out of their way to try and make the conversation happen is a really good sign。

Another really good sign is if they start qualifying themselves to you。

 we'll go going a lot more to what qualifying them is later on when we talk about that in specific phases。

 but essentially qualifying is if they try and prove themselves to you。

 try and win you over try and impress you in any way try and like frame themselves in a good light for you。

 all of those are qualifying behaviors So if they start doing those kind of things if they do something and they justify why they did it。

 these are qualifying behaviors， those are great signs that they're willing to go that next phase because the first step in the next phase is qualifying them So if they're indicating they're ready to qualify organically without even trying obviously they're ready to qualify when you do try a little bit and when you do move things forward in that direction So that's a very。

 very good one。The other one that's very useful is if they start accepting your frames or participating in your frames。

 so if you're teasing them and they're just standing there kind of cold and just like not reacting to it。

 that's not necessarily a bad thing as long as they're not like rejecting the frame。

 but it's not the greatest thing if they start participating and teasing back or you make them maybe an exaggeration。

 they exaggerate even further to continue the flirtation and fun。Engaging that frame。

 engaging that flirtation with you is a really， really good one。

 Also attraction signs like touching you， printing their hair， giggling， blushing。

 being very just very attentive to what you say and very focused on you those are all good signs as well So these are the things you want to have in your mind for when to move it forward and you don't have to be perfect you don't have to get that moment perfect because it's not a 100% transition。

 it's not like you're completely dropping the attraction stuff and completely going into the comfort stuff。

 What you're doing is you're gradually changing the ratio。 So if for example。

 during the attraction slash premise phase， you're doing maybe 70% attraction stuff。

20% evaluating stuff and maybe 10% comfort stuff well then maybe you're gonna drop it off to say 50% attraction stuff。

35% evaluation stuff and then 15% comfort stuff at first which it is a drop off but you're still doing more attraction stuff and anything else。

 you're still kind of in the attraction phase and you can see how things proceed。

 you can see how when you do evaluating our comfort things how it's received。

And you can gauge that if she seems to really open up when you do that and it seems to work really well。

 well now you can drop the ratio even further， but again， remember you're never dropping it entirely。

 you have to remain that high value， cool， interesting guy you were at the start。

 You don't have a point where you're like okay， well。

 I've been interesting now and I can just be boring for the rest of our lives together。

 You still have to maintain attractive qualities。 It's just the girl wants to connect with you So you have a lot more leeway to do so。

