# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：5.心态 模拟（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Next mentality I want to share with you is one that I learned about 2001，2002 a long time ago。

 and it's kind of a metaphor for how to look at an approach and how to look at the world that really puts things into perspective and gives you kind of the right idea of like risk and reward and consequence as it pertains to an approach and the idea here I kind have to explain it nowadays because it's such an old show at this time。

 is it goes to the hollowde from the TV show Star Trek or the movie Star Trek So the idea is you have this spaceship of people like going through the universe and on a spaceship with nothing to do。

 you would go absolutely crazy。 So in order to entertain themselves as they have this thing called a hollowdeck。

 What a hollowdeck basically is it's a computer simulation。

 you go into this room and the computer will simulate anything for you like real is life and get to live it kind of in like perfect virtual reality and you can choose whatever fantasy you want to play out or whatever you want go play professional sports。

 you go do that。 You want to go to a different planet。

 you go do that But at any moment in any simulation all you have。😊。

I you have to say computer in simulation and it's over。

And you can start a refresh with a new simulation。 Go back to in in the one you're in。 You can。

 you can do whatever you want。 It's kind of like a video game where you can press restart at any point。

 So it's like real life。 But at the same time， it's completely like a video game。

 And there's no consequence。 If you mess up in the hollow deck。

 Nobody in the world will ever know it you just gets a start over and wipe it away。😊。

This mentality of it being a hollow deck is a great way and actually a very realistic way of viewing game。

 Think of it this way。You go out to a night clubub full of people who you've never seen before and quite likely will never see again。

 And you go up and talk to one of them。 And if it goes well， that's amazing。 That's great。

 that could lead to good things。 If it goes badly。 Who cares in your minds， Comp and simulation。

 Was the girl away。 She is gone。 You'll never see her again。 Comp， restart simulation。

 go talk to another girl。 right， That mentality， that the club or the day game environment that you're going to is actually like a fake environment。

 therefore your purposes， it exists for your amusement， your learning， your growth。

 and that's it is an incredible， incredible mentality。😊。

Because it relieves you of the idea of a lot of negative consequences。

 It relieves you of the fear of the downside of your action because the funny thing is this。

 there very much is basically no downside for cold approach。

 It pretty much doesn't exist because you're never gonna to see those people again So the worst result from a cold approach。

 The absolute rejection of a girl doesn't want to talk to anymore is exactly the same from a results standpoint as if you would never talk to in the first place。

 whereasas the upside is actually really good So you want to encourage yourself to do is go and do the cold approach。

 The other thing this will help with beyond approach anxiety is risk taking because a lot of guys are very scared to take the appropriate risk。

 very scared to play the right way because they don't want to mess it up， they don't want to ruin it。

 etc ce。 But if you take this this idea that it is like a video game， a fantasy。

 something like that where there aren't any real big negative consequences。

 it's gonna to free you to take a lot of risk it's gonna to free you to play the game the right way instead of being timid and constantly afraid of the consequences。

 So this mentality not only。Open， but throughout the set is a very。

 very good way to think about game。