# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：7 - 场地升级 - 孤立的场地_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next very critical venue is the isolation venue and the isolation venue is not being on a date。

 We're gonna talk about that in a minute。 that's gonna be the next chapter kind of which is the date or pull venue。

 so we'll talk about that in a minute。 but isolation venue is very interesting because isolation venue basically means you've gotten into a oneon one conversation with the girl where you have some freedom to talk to her without being judged without anyone overhearing etc So this is an opportunity to be more intimate than you could have been in a public sort of meet venue。

 isolation venue is a situation where you have this opportunity to talk one on one but it hasn't been formally agreed that it's a date and it hasn't been set up as a date and it's probably for a limited time window as well。

 So these are the types of scenarios we're talking about So for example you're at a party with a bunch of friends and you happen to have just gone to the ordurv table at the same time as this girl you' you've been talking to a little bit or this girl who've had your eye on and now you are're standing or sitting at the table talking to a one on one there's nobody else immediately around。

It might last for a minute。 It might last for five minutes。

 It might last for 10 seconds hopefully it last for longer than not and hopefully you can do things to prolong it and give yourself a little more time So it's an opportunity to flirt and build some attraction with a lot less risk for you and a lot less risk for her so she's allowed to open up she's allowed to flirt back without looking sluty in front of any of her friends that kind of thing So it's a good opportunity in a bar setting oftentimes I'll do this by asking the girl to come grab a quick drink with me and then come back to her friends and this is distinct from a girl that I've been talking to for a long time I'm asking her to just leave the club with me which can happen but oftentimes if she has friends around it early in the interaction we'll just do a quick little step away and step back kind of in isolation we might even do it within sight of the friends oftentimes if I think the friends might protect I' be like hey we're you go to the bar right over there we' be like five feet away we're just gonna come right back something like that and oftentimes little tip little prot have the girl tell the friend rather than you so instead you being like we're gonna do this have the be like hey yeah。

 we're gonna go grab a drink up yeah it's。would be you can see us will be right over there and so you're actually playing it down and it's clear that you have the girls's permission。

 but in any case you're getting that little bit of isolation and this is your opportunity to flirt a little bit。

 this is your opportunity to tease a little bit in a bar setting if I've already developed some level of attraction in that kind of group setting this is a great opportunity potentially for me to escalate a little bit physically so if I've had a good interaction in the group setting but I haven't been able to I take the girl to the bar I might try to kiss the girl at the bar because then when we go back to the group it's already been established between me and her that this manda woman and that we like each other and then the idea we're kind of in cahoots we're like on the same team of let's convince your friends that we're good together and that we can hang out some more and once you've had that kiss that's like a logical communication again non-verbal verbal game it's a logical communication that you like each other and so that sets the frame of what's gonna happen even when you go back to the friends and so this is a case of where you got the isolation venue and then went back to the meet venue。

The point is you have a greater level of intimacy available to you now than you would have before。

 and you would like to capitalize on it。In the sense of moving the interaction to a place where the next step after the isolation is more assured。

 so during the isolation， maybe， say for example， you're doing like a one onone project in school and you're floatingirt and having a good time with someone you don't know very well then you might be like you know what。

 you're actually kind of fun to talk to it's good working with you actually by the way what are you doing this weekend either's this thing and then you exchange numbers and then there's this possibility or this idea of another meetup you could do outside of an academic environment。

 you're gonna get to that pull or date location or in the case that I gave you of going to the bar and then going back to the meet location you're still gonna have to go back and deal with the friends。

 you're still gonna put yourself back there， but by getting more physical there and by establishing that now you give yourself permission to go back to that meet venue and be very platonic on the surface with her at least so her friends will perceive it as platonic but you and she have a secret now you and she know that it's actually manda woman and she understands that you're just being respectful of not trying to embarrass her in front of her friends。

Not trying to make things awkward for her but deep down she knows what's really going on and it's going to add a lot more tension。

 a lot more intrigue to the rest of that interaction even though you've gone back to the other environment。

 it's not a situation where you're going to be going for the wind directly most of the time it's a situation where you're going to be building the next step whether it is going back to the environment with more positive stuff established or whether it is actually explicitly getting yourself to the next step which would be again the date or pull scenario which is what we're gonna talk about next。

