# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：6.表意 Vs 含义（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So so far we've talked a lot of theory。 we've talked about what is frame， what is frame control。

 We've talked about some of the factors that make someone agree or disagree with something。

 but what I want to do over the next few is give you some practical toolkits。

 some practical things that do influence these that are really easy for you to act on right now And so the first of these toolkits。

 the first of these ideas that I want to unpack for you is what I call denotation versus connotation。

 those are two big words but denotation basically means what does a word literally mean connotation means how is that word perceived and the idea is that the same or words that have essentially the same meaning can be perceived in very different ways which are more positive。

 some of which are more negative So for example， when referring to the act of having intercourse。

 one could say hooking up having sex or fucking and those three words have different connotations now denotation wise。

 they're pretty much the same thing Although hooking up some people use it for。

other than sex actually as well， but let's just say hooking up meaning sex hooking up seems more casual。

 more sort of like like friendly and you're talking around it。

 not it making a big deal of it when you say having sex now you're talking about a physical act and it's gonna to make certain people a little bit uncomfortable when you say fucking now it seems like it's more of like a disrespectful act potentially is maybe more like the company that you'd be saying this in is maybe less classy company etca。

 et ce。 And when you say these three different things， hooking up having sex or fucking to a girl。

 she's gonna to perceive that sex is different ways in different contexts。

 And there are some context where if you actually can say fucking you kind of should because it shows you very comfortable with sex and that if it's in a sexy moment。

 maybe that is the right way to say it and definitely like fucking or having sex versus saying having intercourse makes it way less clinical and way more sexy potentially on the other hand。

 if you want to make it more casual and less of a big deal。

 maybe even if you're not talking about the girl you're just talking about hooking up in general。

 it's gonna make her feel a lot more。Comfor with the idea that if you were to talk about her sexually。

 then you wouldn't necessarily say I fucked her。 you'd be like， oh you know， we hooked up。

 It seems a lot a lot less like a big deal。 seems like a lot less something she would be judged for So this is this idea of dennotation and connotation and that idea occurs throughout all of game the difference between a social person who talks to a a lot of girls and a player player has certain negative connotations。

 maybe even some sexy connotations， but a lot of negative connotations。

 whereas like outgoing social guy seems like a much more positive thing。

 whereas they essentially mean the same thing， they mean someone who's talking to a lot of people。

 including a lot of girls So be very aware of dennotation and connotation。

 Be very aware of when you are putting a specific message across What are what are the subtle subtext。

 What are the other messages being conveyed in addition， when you say let's go back to my place。

 it sounds a lot like you might have sex。 when you say I know。

One more place we could go to just kind of hang out and relax and be a little more personal or be a little more it's little less public。

 little less private and sorry， a little more private。

 less public and annoying something like that is different than let's go to my place。

 All right So again， the way that you say things matters oftentimes just as much as what you're literally saying。

 That is difference between dennotation and connotation start being aware of it。

