# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：17.第4周的任务_enc.dolit

In terms of admissions for this week， I'm going to give you two categories of mission。

 and I want you to do both and this is a nod to the fact that there's the internal frame control。

 the therapeutic application， and then there's the external frame control， the social application。

 I want you to get good with both。From the internal perspective。

 there's two different sort of reframes I want you to do throughout your life and throughout game。

 All right so reframe number one in your life is practice。

 try and reframe everything positive for a period of time and this is not necessarily the easiest thing to do。

 So start off with five minutes， reframe everything positive for five minutes if you can do that。

 try and reframe it positive for an hour if you can do that。

 try and reframe it positive for an entire day。 That's a very big challenge a very hard challenge to reframe everything as positive for a day。

 If you're not perfect at it。 don't worry， just keep getting better and better at it and it's all progress it is very hard to reframe everything positive。

 but almost everything can be reframed as positive in some way shape or form if you got fired from your job you have a lot of free time to pursue your hobbies and the opportunity to go get a better job for example。

 would be a reframe there so that's reraming positive The other thing I want you to do and you can do this to an extent out of field and should do it out of field。

 but you can also do it to an extent infield is to reframe everything as you being incredibly attractive。

Reframe it that you're awesome， right whenever you do something， it's because you are awesome。

 When you don't do something well， it's because of。

 you know some some some factor that would impeded your awesomeness that no longer exist。

 and you're gonna to go forward and be awesome from here。

 So keeping that idea that you are high value that you are doing these good and big things and that you are someone that people would want to get to know and someone who is is positive in an interaction。

 have that idea， that idea of like the frame of self-estseeem， if you will。

 the frame that you are valuable， Try and reinforce that throughout periods of time as well。

 And again， you can start with five minutes an hour a day， etc ceter。

 So those are two great reframes， Reframe one， that life is good and things are positive。

 Reframe2 that you're awesome and high value。 Those are good reframes to have out of field and to an extent the last one in field as well。

😊，What I want you to do explicitly in the field as a tactic technique， though， is this。

Every single approach you do this week within the first two minutes of the interaction。

 Ily within the first one minute， I want you to in some way。

 assert a frame that if true would lead to a relationship or if true would lead to sex so that frame can be that you're an attractive person。

 That frame can be that sex is normal and natural。 That frame can be that she was hitting on you or that she was flirting with you。

 etc ce， etc ceter。 but assert some frame。 One frame， at least in the first two minutes。

 ideally one minute that would lead to a relationship or lead to sex。

 lead to something positive and connected between you and the girl。 That is your mission。

 go have fun with it。