# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：1.吸引力简介（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Welcome back for week two。 so far， we've explored the fundamentals of verbal game and we've explored opening in quite a good deal of depth。

 over the next two weeks， we're gonna explore attraction because it is that important of a concept。

 We're gonna do is this week we explore why attraction works and some general ideas of attraction Next week we're getting into a lot more specific lines specific tactic specific techniques。

 reason for that is I don't want you to use specific lines as crutches。

 I know from experience teaching guys that as soon as I give you specific lines。 you're just be like。

 oh， I'm gonna repeat the lines Todd said and you're gonna stop thinking for yourself。

 So I don't want you to do I want you to have to think for yourself。

 I want you to have to figure this out a little bit。

 And then to really understand what you're learning and understand the specific lines I'm gonna give you because there is no one line that's one size fits all and should be used everywhere You want to be able to be fluid come up with your own lines and to understand why you're doing each individual line and how to adjust and calibrate each line as you go。

 So you need that fundamental understanding first。 and then we can give you sort。

the shortcuts afterwards so that's the way we're gonna to teach it however in this week's stuff we are gonna still have a lot of specific things you can do specifically things you can implement。

 particularly we're gonna have exercises for you to create your own attraction tactics as we go and attraction tactics are kind of like the holy grail of game for a lot of people because when you first got into this。

 this is probably what you most wanted in game right you wanted to be able to take a girl who's not into you and be like how do I get her attracted to me。

 how do I take a girl who doesn't know I exist and make sure that I'm very important to her she is attracted to me。

 she wants to chase me etc that's what these next two weeks are all about。

