# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：09.接近焦虑：7.情感杠杆解决方案【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The final technical solution to approach anxiety is actually how I overcame my approach anxiety。

 And it was this。Eventually， I associated more pain with not doing the approach than with any possible outcome of the approach because here's the thing from about the age of。

 I would say eight or nine years old， I realized I liked girls。From that time until about 18。

 I didn't do cold approaches。 I would see girls I wanted to talk to。

 and I wouldn't do anything about it。Even girls in my classes， I wasn't doing anything about it。

 right， So I was just not taking action。 And every single time I didn't step up every single time。

 I didn't go talk to the girl every single time I didn't ask the girl out。 Every single time。

 I didn't make it man to woman。I felt like less of a man。 I felt worse about myself， and it hurt。

 right， That became pain。 It became the pain， the disappointment。

 The fact that I knew that I was rejecting myself， right。

 I wasn't even giving the girl an opportunity to reject me。 I was rejecting myself。

And it got to the point where that was just too painful。 Go to the point where I was like， fuck this。

 Never again。 Never again will I reject myself。 This is fucking pathetic。

 And it became such a fucking chip on my shoulder that I will not allow that to happen any more。

 that I had no choice but to approach， because I knew I knew how painful it would be to me if I didn't approach。

😡，Right， I didn't know if it would go well with the girl， but I knew if I didn't approach。

 I'd be kicking myself for the rest of the fucking day， right。

 And I had just rejected myself too many times to ever let it happen again。

 And that's the decision I made。 It's like a fucking。 like， you know。

 you know how like religious people。 like that like they're their commandments。

 I live by these commandments。 I will not violate them ever。 It became a commandment for me。

 became a commandment。 Thou shalt not reject yourself。😡，Thou shalt not reject yourself ever again。

 right， She rejects you fine victory， positive， wonderful。 if you reject yourself， what the fuck。😡。

RightYou are not allowed to reject yourself。 And that's what it became for me。 because， again。

 I'd had the pain so many times that having that pain one more time。

 having that idea that I could have rejected myself hurt more than anything she could possibly do to me。

 right， because to be fair， anything Any response you get from her isn't a reflection on you。

 But you not stepping up is a reflection on you， right， So get your ego attached to that。

 Don't get your ego attached to am I good with girls or did I get a good response。

 Get your ego attached to， did I let myself down or did I step up。Did I do what I know is right。

 or did I know the weak answer that was like a little more comfortable in the moment， right。

 change your。Your assignment of right and wrong。 change your assignment of what is a win and what's a loss and make it a commandment for yourself。

 that never again will you back down and reject yourself。 And that's what I did。

 That's what I fundamentally did that got me over my approach anxiety。

 So was I over my approach anxiety in the sense that I didn't feel scared。 No。

 But I was over my approach anxiety in the sense that no matter how scared I was。

 I knew the right thing to do。 right， no matter how scared you are， do the right thing。

 That's what they say， They say bravery isn't the absence of fear。 It's being scared。

 shitless in doing it anyway。It's just not giving yourself the excuse anymore。

That's the fundamental thing that I did to my approach anxiety。

 And that's the fundamental thing you really need to do is you need to have that strong enough desire。

A strong enough desire to go after what you want。 And quite frankly。

 that strong enough desire to love yourself enough and be true to yourself enough to not reject yourself and not let yourself down。

Right，Because if the girl rejects you fine whatever I can， I can live with that。

 I can go through life having been rejected by the girl。

 But how can you go through life knowing that you're rejecting yourself。How can you live that way？

It needs to be painful for you。 It needs to be so painful for you that you say never again。

 it's my commandment， thou shalt not reject thyself ever。

