# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：11 - 文化因素_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Another huge determinant for a girl's blueprint and you figuring out and assessing what her blueprint is is what I call cultural factors and specifically what we're really getting into is how she's responded to cultural factors but cultural factors are a good place to start guessing so a girl that comes from a cultural backgrounds that values status and fame is going to act very differently than a girl that comes from a cultural background that values humility and spirituality for example。

 and knowing that she comes from that culture can influence your view of her blueprint and beyond that。

 knowing whether she respects and embraces that culture or rebels against that culture can tell you a lot about her blueprint right so the girl that comes from the humble culture that embraces it is probably going to be humble spiritual she's going to care about a lot of like connection probably she's going to like have a blueprint that's more revolving her own comfort than value those types of things the who。

From that culture and rejecting it might go completely the opposite。

 and she might be turned off by that exact same thing。Right， but either way。

 knowing what culture she comes from at least tells you what factors are likely to be at play。

 and then you can determine by her reactions how those factors are affecting her。

But knowing her culture knowing where she comes from。

 knowing her background in her past will tell you a lot about her so things like what is her education。

 how educated is she did she go to a lot of schools a few schools was it always expected she'd go to school or was she the first person in her family to go to graduate high school or to go to college these kind of factors factors matter a lot what religion is she is she religious at all how strongly religious is she would then be determined or does she rebel against a religion was she raised religious and then she rebelled against it and now she's just going crazy？

All of these are factors to consider， but in putting together the idea of the blueprint。

 her culture or her past， where she comes from， all matters， but it doesn't matter in a vacuum。

 it matters as it has affected her so it's her culture and then how she has decided to derive meaning from that culture and two people from the same culture can be polar or opposite because one person fully embraces the culture。

 another rejects the culture， but with either one you need to factor in the culture as a major determinants of what their eventual blueprint will be。

