# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：10.曲解_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Misinterpretation， which is what we're going to talk about now is how you take what we just worked on with sexualization and actually use it in real interactions with real girls。

 misinterpretation basically means misunderstanding things intentionally。

 ideally misunderstanding things intentionally to a positive end or towards something that's helpful to you so most commonly in game the misinterpretation is going to be misunderstanding something as a compliment or misunderstanding as a sexual advance those are the most common ways to do it。

 although we will in a minute get into misinterpretation for shit test as well。

 which is it is similar but but has some new ones。But misinterpretation again。

 is taking advantage of the richness of possibility。

 The fact that there are so many different meanings for words I so many different meanings for sentences。

 and there's so many different implications possible in language that you can misunderstand to your benefit in a very good way。

 and the beauty of this is that if you were to come out of come out with something out of left field to come hit on the girl。

 It seems very contrived， it seems very forced。 If you were to show interest in the girl in some kind of like direct way that comes off as very needy。

 but the beauty of misinterpretation is one it's coming from the existing conversation。

 It's coming from what you're already talking about and two。

 you're implying it as she's complimenting you or sexually advancing towards you。

 So it's a situation where not only are you bringing the man to woman into the conversation but you're doing it from the frame or the idea that she's chasing you。

 she wants you rather than the other， which is very powerful and very， very useful so。

The misinterpretation exercise that I want you to work on is basically this。

 and you can do this I'll give you the partner version of it。

 and then I'll tell you how to do it by yourself。 The partner version would be you have your partner and your partner says any sentence to you in English language or in different languages。

 that's your first language that has the word I you or we in it or the equivalent in your language I you or we any sentence with that word or one of those words in it will work。

 And then once you have that sentence， your job is to intentionally misunderstand it as a compliment or intentionally misunderstand it as a sexual advance。

 I'll give you a couple examples of this just so you get the idea。

 and then I'll give you some tips for how to do it well because misinterpretation is a very powerful skill in game。

So example would be。You're watching my video。Right。So， so that again， that I you or we statement。

 you're watching my video right， And so misinterpretation of that might be like， well I Im。

 I'm pleased to see you're taking such an interest in what I'm doing right。

 that would be taking it as a compliment right， or you're watching my video。 Hey。

 don't let it go to my， don't let it go to your head。 I'm， you know， I'm。

 I'm in my house You're in your house and we're not getting any closer。

 there gonna be ways of misinterpreting that you're watching my video is a little too， too close。

 too much of an advance。 For example，😊，I'm wearing a white shirt。 easyasy there， easyy there。 Don't。

 I I'm not gonna look at your nipples no matter how much you try and make me。

 That would be misinterpreting it that way。 Or， for example， you said， you're wearing a white shirt。

 You'd be like， oh， and it's staying on tonight。 don't get any ideas。 Big boy。 All right。

 So these are misinterpretations。 These are ways to misinterpret that some very mundane thing they've said some very factual thing they've said is actually a compliment to you or a sexual advance。

 All， practice this。 you'll get good at。 You'll see a lot of a lot of growth just with practice。

 couple tips。Again， similar to the sex with me is lack exercise。

You want to look at the possibilities， implications of something。

 So take that one of you're wearing you're wearing a black shirt， something like that。

 Now that's just a factual statement。 That's pretty boring on its surface。

 And if you treat it as such， you're not gonna find a lot to misinterpret in it。

 But if you take you're wearing a black shirt。 and you ask yourself why is he saying this why is he noticing my shirt。

 Well whose shirts do notice people you're attracted to And why is he seeing your shirt。

 It's because he's looking down rather than looking up in your eyes。

 So he's checking out your body So these are different ways that you could take it Another one is just the mention of clothing or shirts in general。

 if he's thinking of your clothes， maybe he's thinking about you not having your clothes on that's another very easy misinterpretation So again。

 there's a lot in very little but you have to think of the possibilities and all the different ways that something can be taken as opposed to just taking it at face value And as men in a business world or working in technical careers in particular。

 oftentimes we are。Very factual， very logical。 We do take things very much at face value。

 we want to learn to do when communicating with women is to find the emotional components of things and also find the different associations in different fun ways that we can play with words play with ideas because flirting and attraction text and such should be playful by their nature。

 So this exercise of learning and misinterpret， not only is directly useful but it's teaching you how to play it's teaching you how to have fun be lighthearted and to see the possibilities around what's going on。

 which is gonna be so useful when we start talking about all the other different tactics that you can employ as well Two final things to note regarding misinterpretation。

 number one， the examples I gave were male to male obviously that's because I was talking about you doing with a partner。

 obviously when you're dealing with a girl you're dealing with different types of things and misinterpret。

 But you can do the same general pattern regardless So if that was confusing to you obviously man to woman misinterpretations what we're doing in game。

 but if you're dealing with like a partner or wing man that kind of thing that's when it would be male to male。

 The thing I want to talk to you about is how to do this exercise。😊。

If you don't have someone there with you， if you don't have a wingigman with you or girl to practice with or something like that。

 in which case all you need to do is find dialogue right so go on TV watch until someone says the word I。

 the word you or the word we and you can misinterpret that sentence they just said or find a book that has dialogue。

 don't find like a non-fiction book but find a book where like people are actually talking and talking back and forth find the word I you or we and then you can misinterpret。

 and you can practice that very， very easily， you can get lots and lots of repetitions of this。

 And as far as I know I have yet to find the sentence that has the word I you or we in it that cannot be mistaken intentionally as a compliment or as a sexual advance。

 you can get lots of practice of this it's going it's gonna be massively massively useful in terms of sexualizing a boring conversation It's also massively useful in passing shit test。

 which is what we're gonna talk about next。