# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 5第五周（评估）：2 - 如何评估：4 - 拥有价值（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The fourth and final way that I'm gonna tell you to establish connection is the absolutely least gameie it's also absolutely the least effective and most hit or miss。

 what I'm just going recommend here is to not even try to develop connection per se but just be a high value guy。

 express your opinions without like trying to lead a particular opinion or make a strong point。

 you just be a high value guy and then just spend time with the girl there is a natural inclination to qualify yourself to someone you see as high value So if you come off as a very cool person you come a very fun you come within a social group is having a lot of energy or lot a lot of attention and a lot of positive feelings towards you then it's likely that people are going to want to prove themselves to it's likely people are going want to qualify themselves to you so if you are just being cool and social you are at the center of people's attention over a period of time and ideally if you are not qualifying yourself there's just kind of a random likelihood that people will qualify themselves to you one because you're coming off as high value。

wo， because a lot of people naturally have an inclination to qualify themselves。

 a lot of people are a little bit insecure， a lot of people worry about how they're being perceived。

 a lot of people like to be precise and if they say something wrong。

 they'll correct themselves so just by being in the interaction and not making a social error and being high value if you stay long enough it's likely you will get qualification and for a lot of people doing like quote unquote naturalatural style game or guys who have never learned game this is how they actually get qualification is just by staying in conversation and then sooner or later maybe they're just essentially throwing conversational darts。

 one of those darts eventually hits in the right place and that can work eventually but it's very slow。

 it's very haphazard and even when it does work unless the girl keeps qualifying herself or you start building more and more of a connection from it。

 it can kind of go backwards as well so let's say that you talk for a long time with a girl she eventually qualifies herself to you and then you aimlessly go off onto a random non-mando woman non really relevant topic and you kind of get away from it。

Well over time it's going to be kind of forgotten that she did qualify herself to you that the tension of the interaction is going to dissipate and you're right back to square1 So this is in many ways the worst of the techniques in terms of like getting a result。

 but it is incredibly subtle and it's a great place to start and in fact essentially this is what you're doing before the qualification phase a lot of what you're doing during the opener and during the attraction phases is just being this high value guy and thinking that if qualification happens great if qualification starts to happen organically so much the better and that I can progress things forward and if it does you kind of get a natural kind of free pass into qualification phase。

 a free pass into building comfort with a girl if it doesn't happen。

 then you can start doing some of these slightly more overt ways like leading a frame and just seeing where it goes and if if that's not enough then challenging and seeing where that goes if that's not enough then flat out asking But one point I do want to make with these is it's kind of like a ladder so if a girl will qualify a little bit without being prompted。

 then a little prompt before I get it to qualify more a strong challenge will probably get her to qualify。

and then flat out asking me getter to qualify even more so you can think of it almost as like a ladder of escalation where if you can get her to the top of the ladder that's the ultimate kind of best situation but if you try and start at the top of the ladder。

 it's kind of too big of a leap and you might not make it so those are four different ways that you can get qualification some more overt some far more subtle but if you're doing all of these things and especially if you're doing these things in the right order and in the right way you're very likely to end up in an interaction where the girl is trying to win you over you're building a nice connection again probably when you walked up the go in the first place what you wanted to do is connect with her we had to build some value for us you had to set the frame around it the right way so you're gonna to get that connection where you can really get to know the girl。

 really build intimacy and really have a mutually beneficial fun relationship for both of you。

