# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 5第五周（评估）：2 - 如何评估：3 - 带领（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next more subtle form of qualification evaluation is actually almost too subtle。

 It's too subtle in the sense that if this were the only one you were doing。

 oftentimes you might not get enough qualification。

 you might not get enough evaluation to move the interaction forward。 However。

 because of that very fact。 it's a great starter because it is so subtle。

 It is so noninvasive it's a great place to start and is a great place to get an indicator of whether you can use one of the less subtle sorts of forms of qualifying such as challenging the goal or flat out asking。

 what I'm going suggest here is not even overtly trying to qualify at all。

 but just leading a topic with passion leading a subject out there。

 and then just leaving something hanging。 So for example， if I were to say in conversation， you know。

 I'm really， really into sports。 like I just I don't know for me， not only it keep you in shape。

 not only is it fun， but for me the people that I've met that are into sports are just like they're just more interesting people。

 I like that that feistiness， that competitiveness that drive that ability to deal with the team。

 I mean， it just does so many things for you。 I think like。

It's almost hard to be an amazing person I to get along with if you don't play sports。

So what I've just said is something about my top my idea about sports and that I'm passionate about him。

 This is a message particular to me。 But what I've also done is I've made it very clear that if the girl is into sports。

 I might be impressed if a girl's not into sports。 I won't be impressed， but I haven't mentioned her。

 I haven't asked about her。 I haven't overtly said I hope that she's one or another。

 Ive just talked about something with passion。 and usually if you talk about something with passion and people are captivated by it。

 they're gonna want to participate， they're gonna want to be a part of it。

 And so they will try to participate to the extent that they can。

 So if the girl actually is an athlete， she's very likely in seeking rapport with you and engaging conversation with you to be like。

 oh yeah， I know what you mean， I used to play sports as a kid and yada yada ya Sos that's a very good thing that can happen。

 What you'll find comedically is that even a lot of times if the girl doesn't have the thing。

 She'll try and have it or try and impress you。 She'll be like， well， I don't play sports actually。

 but I do go to the gym a lot and I was involved in like you band when I was a kid and I find that there's a lot of that same camaraderie。

So they're trying to know live up to your expectation one way or another。 So here， though。

 you haven't flat out said， please impress me。 you haven't challenged them to impress you。

 What you've actually done is you've just been passionate。

 you've just been passionate and a leader on a subject and what happens when you do that is that oftentimes they'll jump on board。

 And the beauty of this is number one， there's no gaminginess to it whatsoever because you didn't even ask them to qualify。

 you just expressed yourself。 numberumb two， if it doesn't work again， because it's so subtle。

 they don't know what it's there， but also it's very good game in the sense that you've just conveyed your personality。

 and that's a big part of game anyways conveying your personality。

 conveying your passions talking about interesting topics。 So it's a very nice。

 safe way of going ahead and doing that。One note I want to make on this one because it is so subtle and this is actually true of the more sort of overt forms of getting a girl to qualify as well。

 but it's even more important when you're being subtle。

 Please pause after or please pause during Nobody is going to participate in the conversation。

 never mind， qualify themselves。 sorry explaining themselves to you if you don't leave a gap for them to do it。

 So if you make one of these passionate statements。Make it。 F it。

 Let it linger in the air for a fraction of a second。

 Let it linger in the air and just like kind of sit there as a crescendo and see how she reacts to it。

 if you make， and this is true of anything again， if you make a great point and then you immediately talk over it。

 you're diminishing the point you just made。 So do stick to your guns do trust that the things you say whether it be something to get her to qualify or just a general statement you're making。

 trust us that the things you say have value， merit a response and are good enough to hang and stay in the air a little bit without you have to justify them or talk around them or anything like that。

 It's gonna to make Hu a more confident person And in this context。

 it's going to make it way more effective in terms of actually getting a response。

 getting participation and getting her following along。

 jumping into your frame and creating that or starting to create that sort of connection where she's coming into your world。

