# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：09.接近焦虑：6.欺骗你的大脑解决方案【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The next technical approach is what I call the gun to the head method。 And this。

 this builds on that physical method。 The physical method I mentioned before。

 which is the only thing is walking over and uttering a sound， right， Gu to the head is similar。

 but it takes it a little bit further， The idea of the gun to the head method is this。

 You have been interacting with people， including women for probably at least a decade or two。

 maybe for some of you several decades， But you have some life experience。

 you have some ability to interact and your brain。Already has that skill set， right。

 You have whatever skill set you have already in your brain。

 but you have to trust your brain to get it out。 And here's the thing。

Your brain has two major motivations。 One motivation is your motivation to seek pleasure。

 The other motivation is your motivation to avoid pain or avoid danger。 And in human beings。

 the motivation to avoid pain and danger is usually the stronger motivator。 reasonason for that is。

 you know， evolution and survival， right， If you could go hunt and chase and find something pleasurable or or have sex and have something pleasurable。

 that's a benefit to your life。 But if you fuck up and get killed， that's the end of your life。

 you have no other opportunity to correct it。 right。

 So there's this natural inclination for people to have much more fear of loss than desire for gain。

And so your brain is trying to help you out。 You go talk to a girl or you think about talking to a girl。

 your brain is trying to help you out。 But your brain is trying to help you avoid pain。

 It's not trying to help you seek victory or seek pleasure。RightAnd so your brain saying。

 how can I avoid awkwardness， How can I avoid a bad situation， How can I avoid embarrassing myself？

 And so if you're standing， you know，10 feet away from the girl and haven't talked to it。

 your brain's like， how can I avoid embarrassing myself， Well。

 how do I avoid emrassing myself is just stay here and shut up right。

 or say you've started talking to a girl And you know， you don't quite know what to say。

 Your brain says， how do I avoid embarrassing myself。 Well， it's like， well。

 I better shut up and leave， because at least I won't embarrass myself， Okay。So what you want to do。

 though， is you want to get your brain to work for you instead of against you。

 And here's how you do that。Which is what I call the gun to the head method。

 And what you do is you basically put your brain on the spot。 Okay。

 so what you do is you walk over and you just start a sentence。 start any sentence。 right， Hey。

 you know what I really like。At that moment， you have a choice。 If you stop the sentence right there。

 You're gonna to seem like a total idiot。 If you continue the sentence and continue talking。

 then you're gonna do just fine。 you'll figure out how how to finish that sentence。

 But your brain now， instead of thinking， like if I shut up， I'll avoid embarss。 He's like。

 I better finish the sentence or finish the story to avoid embarrassment。

 And so what I encourage people to do is go in with a phrase that puts them on the spot， right。

 And that's it。 So your goal is to walk over the girl and say a phrase that puts you on the spot。

 right， So for example， you're you're going to buy like， yeah。

 you're what I really love about this place。That's your whole goal。

 You're not even going to figure out what you're going to do from there。

 You're gonna trust your brain。 Trust your instincts。

 I promise you at that moment when it's more awkward to shut up than to continue the sentence。

 your brains going continue the sentence and it's going to continue the sentence in its most natural。

 instinctual way， which means you're going to talk the same way you talk to your friends and your family and people you're comfortable with。

 So now you've sort of trick your brain into helping you instead of hurting you。 Okay。

 so you're tricking your brain into a situation where the way to avoid embarrassment。

 the way to avoid awkwardness is to do good game rather than to run away。

RightAnd there are a lot of things like this unit。 You know what I really love。 You know what I hate。

 Hey， I just noticed the funniest thing。 Hey， that， that purse is crazy。😊，Et cetera， right。

 you just go in and start a sentence。 And that's it。 Don't even try and complete the sentence。

 Just go up and say anything。Anything that puts you on the spot and then trust your brain from there。

 I promise you， it's crazy。 It's absolutely。 it's a little scary to do。

 but it's absolutely crazy how your brain will figure it out。

 And it will be the most natural organic thing from there。 because， again， you have good instincts。

 That's the fundamental thing here。 You have good instincts because you've been socialized for decades。

 The problem is， your brain is trying so hard to protect you that is's not utilizing those good instincts。

 Your job is to switch the impetus on your brain so that it's now helping you in the right way instead of helping you in the wrong way。

😊。