# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 5第五周（评估）：2 - 如何评估：1 - 问_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So how do you actually get a girl to want to when we call qualify herself to you or prove herself to you。

 try and win you over， let you get to know her and find out what's cool about her。

 how do you get her to do that， how do you motivate her towards that behavior Well。

 there's a bunch of different ways you can do it and I'm going to go through them from the most obvious and you could say sort of strongest because when it works it gets a big effect to the most subtle and you would think that the most obvious strongest ones might be best and when they work arguably they are the problem is when they don't work they tend to backfire pretty magnificently so they're usually not the ones you want to start with however I'm going to present them in this order because they're the clearest the ones that are the most obvious the clearest and then as I get more subtle it may only make sense if I've already explained the more obvious ones so the first one that I want to get into is flat out asking the girl to evaluate so there was a line in game in around 2002 to 2004 there's extremely popular and it was this idea of like you're attractive but beauty is very common what。

goinging for you beside your looks that would make me want to get to know you better This was a line that was used by guys who were doing game basically in almost every interaction and when it worked it worked really well when you say this what do you have going for you beside your looks line that goes well I'm smart and I think I'm a really creative person I do art and all these kind of things she's really buying into your frame very strongly and if you've gotten far enough into the interaction she likes you enough。

 she's bought in enough to you that that happens， that's amazing and that really sets you up in a very good way。

The problem is， if you do that too early on before the girl is ready for it or if you just do it in too obvious a way or you do it with a girl that like inherently is a bit shit testy or inherently has an urge or just a habit of maintaining her frame you might get a very bad reaction So you might say what do you have going for you besides you your looking she' be like。

 oh nothing。 I'm quite boring And then like oh shit because she doesn't actually mean it as in she thinks she's boring and thinks you your high value。

 she's just like boring as in like I'm not boring， but I don't feel the need to prove prove myself to you or other bad reactions you can get or I don't know。

 you came up to me why don't you tell me or like， I don't know。

 get back to me and you figure it out something like that is a very bad kind of a reaction or to just flip it on you and be like I don't know what makes you so special maybe even actually an easier one even though it seems hard because at least it's a shit test。

But again， a lot of those responses are very， very bad， so when your game is really。

 really obvious and this is actually a good lesson throughout all of verbal game and all of game in general。

 when what you're doing is very very obvious if it works great and it'll work in a very big way however。

 the more obvious you are， the more likely it is to not work and the more likely when it doesn't work that it will fail spectacularly。

So back in the day when guys were using this line every time。

 what you got going for you besides your looks？When it didn't work And the girl was like。

 I don't know nothing special about me， it really， really derailed the set because it just flat out。

 said， I don't care to try and impress you And if you then go back to trying to tease and give her a hard time。

 it looks a little reactive。 it looks a little bit like your butt hurt and also you're moving backwards in the set which isn't great if you keep trying to qualify her。

 you look more and more try hard there So you're in this kind of bad double bind。

 So the problem with being too obvious is that when it does fail， it's gonna fail pretty badly。

 So ideally， once a girl has already shown an inclination or propensity to try and prove herself to you an inclination or she's shown sort of behavior that says that she's very。

 very into you then at that time it may make sense to do an overt ask。 However。

 starting with an overt ask before you have those signs typically is a very。

 very bad tactical move So we'll go on from here to some less obvious things you can do that will still very likely get your result and maybe be higher percentage moves overall。

