# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：14 - 目的价值高于手段价值_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So the idea of the eliciting values team we just talked about really highlights this idea of means values and end values and what is means and end values well means values are the things the girl says she wants end values are the things she actually wants in reality so let's take some concrete examples let's say that a girl says she likes tall men okay。

But she may well end up dating shortman like I'm like 5 foot7， maybe 5，8 on a good day。

 something like that。 I've dated lots of girls that say they're into tall men。

 So how is it that if they're into tall men and they're not lying that they end up dating me a short man。

 Well， it's not that they actually care about tall men per se in many cases。

 Sometimes they will if they're particularly tall and they physically it's different for them looking up than looking downwards。

 maybe it matters a little bit。 But for the most part， tall is a shorthand。

 It's a symbol for something else。 And if youre do this eliciting values routine on the value of tall。

 you'd find that out。 So for example， she says she likes tall guys And so you say so okay cool。

 So what is what is it like dating a tall man。 And she says something you say and then you go so how do you feel when you're dating a tall man And she says I feel I feel like safe and taking care of in like he's strong。

 So then what she cares about is not the fact that he's physically tall。

But the fact that she feels safe because of him having some kind of stature or seeming imposing or something like that。

 but the key thing she wants is to feel safe and specifically safe in the idea of like he could keep her safe。

And so if you can in fact， keep the girl safe， then you will get the value you would have as the tall guy。

And so for example， I'll give you a couple examples， actually as a smaller guy。

 one thing that can sometimes help that I've done in the past， I haven't done it recently。

 but I've done it with girls that are taller or bigger than me or whatever。

 sometimes just like picking the girl up like physically picking her up and showing that you physically can do that and that you are stronger and that you're fit in that kind of thing you get the same points as a tall guy would have because again you're showing or a big guy or a strong guy or whatever you're showing that ability you're showing that strength Another example was had there's a lot of reasons why this example came about and worked。

 but I had a situation where I'd been on multiple dates with a girl that hadn't really gotten particularly sexual and then I took her to a Kav MagG。

 which that's a martial arts I took her to a martial arts class to a martial art that I was actually relatively good at at the time at least compared to her very good at and when when the first time I kicked the pattern she went flying backwards and like couldn't stand in place when it was kicked all of a sudden me as this little guy I got big strong。

man points and now all of a sudden she is viewing me as this like big strong ox of a man who was a beast and could win any fight now all of a sudden that changed her perception。

 it got her aroused， got her turned on And so she probably had it in her mind on some level if you'd ask her that she wanted a big strong dude but when the dude can kick her and she flies across the room or when during the Kabmago class because I was intermediate at the time and I went to a beginner class the instructors pulling me to the fronts in a martial arts class to be the good example in the demonstration because I was the highest level student in that class at the time now I seem like the guy who can kick ass and now I get the tall guy points similarly with any kind of value a girl might like So for example maybe she likes guys who are artistic and you are not artistic at all But if you ask her do what do you like about artistic guys。

 how do you feel around artistic guys， maybe it turns out the reason she likes artistic guys is actually because they do things their own way and they're creative and don't just follow orders。

Now， if you can be an assertive guy and a guy who shows some irreverence and shows some backbone now maybe all of a sudden you get treated by her the same way she treats guys who are artistic。

 who she's been attracted to in the past。 And even though you can't draw picture and you can't sing a note。

 you're getting the same points that that artistic guy would get in her mind。 So again。

 it's not about the means value， it's not about being tall or being artistic。

 it's about the end value， the experience for her are how it makes her feel。

 So when you're assessing blueprint and especially when you're if you're doing something like an e listeningiting values routine or something like that where you're assessing blueprint than feeding back the ideas to her in one form or another。

 don't focus on the means value， the literal thing she says is far less important。

 than the experience in the emotion she derives from the thing she said。

