# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：06.关键概念：3.用语【课程更新加微信kc58567】

To start this video off， I want to share with you one of my favorite nerdy quotes of all time。

 It's a quote from Mark Twain， he said。😊，The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug。

The idea being just adding that one little word bug completely and utterly changed the meaning it went from this massive force of nature to this tiny little insignificant insect。

 That's the power of words。 Power of words to get it just right and say what you mean or to completely get it wrong and turn someone off。

 not persuade them or not be clear as to your meaning。So words matter in general。

Multiply that by 10 or possibly 100。 How much words matter in game。

 because you are talking about situations where the outcome is is literally balanced on the head of a pen。

 not literally， it's metaphorically balanced on the head of a pen。

 as long as we're being very verbal and correct。 But it is， It is very much in the balance。

 And the difference between success and failure is so tiny。

 So saying the wrong thing at the wrong time can completely ruin otherwise， good interaction。

 saying the right thing can completely charm a girl and completely， you know， win her over。

 All right， So words matter tremendously。And as such， there are right and wrong ways to say things。

 And obviously， there's。An infinite number of things we can say There's an infinite number of situations that can arise。

 But there are some situations that are gonna occur over and over and over again。

 And at the very least， I want you to get those right。 So here are some common examples。

 asking for a girl's number。 What do a lot of guys say， Can I get your number。What does that say？

If you were to give me your number， it would be a favor you're doing for me as a low value guy。

 Would you goddess girl， Please do that for me， Not a good frame。

 not a good way of explaining things。 On the other hand。

 if you said is's nice talking to you what's your number。 It's a lot more assumptive and casual。

 a lot more like， oh， there was we had a good interaction。 It makes sense We'll get numbers。

 We're just proceeding with that。 You go a step further。

 it's at least in terms maybe maybe it's better， maybe it's worse depending on the context。

 but at least in terms of how entitled your being and how sumumptive your being。 if you're like。

 you know what， I'll tell you what， promise you won't call me 10 times a day。

 And I guess we could exchange numbers。 Something like that is a completely different frame。

 that that might be over the top in some case， And I'm not saying that's universally always better。

 but again， it's a different way of saying the same thing that has a different meaning behind it。

Another great example would be， let's go back to my place。 Let's go back to my place It very cliche。

 It， It makes it seem like you have an agenda。 It reminds a girl immediately， oh， shit。

 sex might happen。 I'm not sure if I'm ready for that， et cetera。 If， on the other hand。

 you were to say something more sort of euphemistic。 something like， you know what。

 you're not such bad company。 I wouldn't mind continuing to hang out with you for a few more hours。

 I can't can't keep you all night， though I do have to get up in the morning。😊。

You basically did indicate going back to your place， but it's a lot different message。

 and that difference in message is going to make a huge difference in terms of whether she responds to it。

Now， those are a few critical moments， But the way that you phrase things is gonna to occur literally。

 every time you open your mouth。 Every time you open your mouth。

 youre deciding how you're being perceived as a man or you're being perceived as high value or low value。

 How are you're perceiving your relative kind of interaction with her Does she like you Are you not sure do you think she doesn't like you。

 You're conveying that every single time you open your mouth。 what is your agenda。

 What is your plan again， or do you have a plan。 You're conveying that every single time you open your mouth。

 And sometimes having a plan as a good thing because the girl wants you to have a plan and wants you to have direction and take charge and take the lead。

 Other times having the agenda a plan is a very bad thing because a girl wants to just go with the experience。

 And it just happened right So there's a time and a place， But again， the way that you phrase things。

 the words that you choose， the frames that you choose are going to make a tremendous。

 tremendous difference。 And in this course in particular， I am really going to highlight that。

 I'm really going to point out Why did I use this word， Why did I phrase it this way。

 We are gonna nerd out on words。Not just for the sake of words， though。

 for the sake of frames and meaning and the ideas behind the words。 Allright。

 so I want you to just be very， very attuned that the words you say matter。 Now。

 one quick caveat with this， I don't want you to use this to get so in your head that your microman can't say anything。

 Understand whatever words you're using currently or whatever。

 wherever you're coming from is getting you whatever results you're getting already。

 So if you just keep doing what you're doing and don't worry about it too much。

 you at least get the same。 So rather than trying to micromanage every single word that comes out of your mouth。

Hone in on the important ones， hone in on the key ones and fix those first those will improve your results and then you can work on the more and more and more subtle ones do not try and correct this all at once don't try and automatically suddenly speak perfectly just try and get a little bit better in ways that you're absolutely certain of other than that be yourself and trust yourself and the rest will come。

