# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：15 - 何时以及如何将价值反馈给她_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So over the last couple of videos I've talked about finding out what a girl's values are。

 especially on an emotional level， and then I've called it feeding the girl's values back to which is not my term that comes from the eliciting values routine and kind of the old school teachings in game。

 but it's an interesting way of saying it and I think it makes sense。

 but then that's with the caveat that what you feed back to her needs to still be good game if you're going outside the bounds of good game to calibrate to her it's not going to work very well also with the caveat that it needs to be genuine you should be feeding back the elements of you that are genuinely you and fit her blueprint rather than being something you're not to fit her blueprint because A that's supplicating and B it's gonna to be very hard to keep up and it might even come off incongruent you might get caught doing it。

But there's another factor， especially if you're doing this thing of like feeding her blueprint ideas to her or telling her the things that are in line with her blueprint。

 which is when do you do it， Because if you're constantly agreeing with her right after she says a thing It's very obvious that you are supplicating It's very obvious that you're just adjust because it's just too much coincidence Oh I played you know I was in Ches club oh I was in chess club too Oh I did you know dance until the age of four oh my God I didn' a dance until the age of four and a half It's too weird it's too like convenient and it's either fake or it's like tryhar。

So that's not good parroting stuff back right after you heard it is not good。

 so the question is when do you want to do this stuff and the answer is either before or well after。

So in theory， we talked about guessing and checking blueprints so you see a girl and you think that her blueprint is likely a certain way and then you try it and you test it and if you're right。

 you're a genius and you were right without her ever telling you you figured it out。

 You intuited it based on like the cues you're getting and your experience and stuff like that and she never told you because she never explicitly told you because you figured it out yourself and now it can't be fake it can't be put on it must have just come genuinely from you So if you can get there first if you can figure out the blueprints instead of asking about it and then feed it to her before she's fed it to you that's gonna be the most appropriate best way and the girl will be like oh my God he just gets me oh my God he knows me I don't even have to tell him what I like he just gets it that's amazing。

 That's perfect。If you do happen to get clear obvious， this is what I like information from the girl。

 you do not want to immediately in the next sentence， feed it back and say I'm that kind of guy。

 She's like I like adventurous guys。 Well， I used to do skydiving。 Oh my God， so obvious。

 so try hard。On the other hand， though， she says I like adventurous guys oh， that's cool。

 that's really interesting， what do you mean about tell me a story， etter， and then？15 minutes later。

 you tell a story about something adventurous you did on an unrelated topic at an unrelated time when it's not immediately afterwards。

 now it's fine。 And again， this story should be congruent and genuine and actually about you。

 and it should be told in a way that is still within the realm of good game。

 But in terms of when you want to be conveying these blueprint type these blueprint type qualities to her。

 it should either be before it comes up or with a decent gap afterwards。

 parting it back right afterwards is a very bad idea， it will look very obvious。

 and it probably in fact， is supplicating if you do it that way。

 I want to very briefly mention a small exception to the previous role。

 which is if you happen to have a particular commonality that is very obscure and very unusual。

 then maybe it's worth making a big deal of it。 possibly if you can do it the right way。

 you don't want to do a me too， even in that case， but sometimes you can express it and you can make the frame uniquely your own。

 So let's say， for example。That you're super into one particular obscure board game that almost nobody in the world plays and she just randomly happens to mention that she plays that board game。

That is such a striking commonality and such a useful thing because talk about all the reasons that you guys could hang out alone in a secluded place together and do something together。

 It's like perfect And it is so unusual and so rare to maybe meet someone that plays that game that you absolutely do want to capitalize on that thing And there's a right way to do it you could be surprised by it and be like oh my God have you been stalking me like how did I play that game you have to have like just said that because I play that game and it's actually plausible because it is so rare to meet someone that plays that game that you could genuinely be that surprised by it or the other way to go with it it's less gamey。

 but it's totally fine is to just agree and be excited and then also show a knowledge of the game So if she says she's plays that game like oh I play that too well。

 maybe now you're just agreeing with her But if she says you play this game and you're like wait do you like to play with like the dwarf deck or the wizard deck or some shit like that or whatever the particular to the game is。

Shows that you actually do have knowledge of the game and you actually are into it like say for example。

 if I found out like a girl you wouldn't do this， it wouldn't quite work。

 but it kind of would work if I found out a girl is good at chess。

 I might ask her like what opening she plays except you wouldn't even ask that to another chess player it's stupid but it's along the same themes It's along the same idea it's a particular bit of knowledge that shows a deeper understanding of it and actually that bit of knowledge。

 the reason it wouldn't work is that it doesn't show a deeper knowledge that's the kind of thing an amateur chess player would say whereas if it was actually something an advanced chess player would say then maybe it would work then maybe it would work out but it has to actually be a demonstration of value in that area and in demonstration that you are expert and do deeply care about that area so that it is a genuine thing that you're finding rather than something you're searching for if there happens to be that genuine commentator that you're just struck by it and you have a level of competence in that area that you can show that can be amazing but don't be so me too and definitely don't don't be incompetent in the area especially if she's really good at that area。

Yeah。