# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：7.假装_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next critical belief for attraction is something I call act as if， right， Act as if。

 The idea here is you're walking up to a stranger。 You're starting a new relationship。

 You're meeting someone fresh。 They have no idea who you are。

 They have no idea that you got picked on in grade school。

 They have no idea that you wet the bed when you were 4。

 They have no idea that your last girlfriend broke your heart for all they know you were the captain of every sports team ever for all they know you have 10 girls blowing up your phone today。

 They don't know。 You can be anybody you want to them from that moment that you walk and meet them。

 Now， I'm not saying you should lie。 I'm not saying to go lie about the facts of your life。

 But what I am saying is。You can convey yourself as a confident person and you will be assumed as someone who's had a good social history and you may as well have had it because who cares。

 Who cares if you were popular in high school as long as you are the kid whos acting confidently the same way a kid who is popular in high school would do right who cares if you were。

 you know。You know， you had issues with your family as long as you're acting like a strong person who can handle himself。

 that doesn't matter。 The past does not matter。 You are on this approach to this person who you're talking to exactly who you decide to step up and be you're exactly who you convey that you are And so with any given interaction。

 you can be the coolest guy。 You can be the most confident guy。

 you can be the guy who is completely happy in his life or you can be the opposite。

 you can be the guy who is insecure， or you can be the guy who has emotional issues and you can be the guy who makes excuses for things。

 And I can tell you which of those two is gonna to work。

 And I bet you know which one it is act as if you are the person that you already want to be Act as if you are guaranteed a result in this。

 you know like the guaranteed the girl is gonna like you。

 and it's just about whether you're gonna like her。 If you act as if those positive things。

 you're gonna get much better results than if you act as if those negative。

So act as if the positive rather than acting as if the negative。

