# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：4.第一周实战：2.第1周实战补充（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

The breakdown you're about to see is one that really highlights the subtle differences between intermediate game and advance game。

 See intermediate guys can get results occasionally。

 but they're inconsistent and usually when they get results， it feels like they're pushing。

 they're trying and the girl just kind of is hopefully giving in。

 but it's very clear who has the value and who's trying hard in the interaction。On the other hand。

 for advanced guys， they flip the script and get the girl chasing。

 so you're going to see the subtle ways in which I frame things in a way that's favorable to me。

 which makes this pull much much， much easier。 In fact， it's going to look incredibly easy。

 but this is the type of pull that tons and tons of guys mess up on a regular basis me。Sorry。

 you look fucking adorable， but you look like trouble， so I'med intrigued and scared all at once。

Okay， so that's just the open and the words after it， but there's a lot going on。

What do I want you to notice， I want you to notice that the open I went with definitely makes it manda woman。

 It definitely conveys that there is something sexual， something， you know。

 not something that I would not say to another man going on right on the other hand。

There's tension being established。 I'm not saying I like you， I'm saying oh， I maybe like you。

 but your trouble， right， so it's a push pull， and then I also follow it up。

A lot of guys make the mistake right on the open of they'll open。 And then there's a silence。

 And they just like， hope the girl will take the mantle and continue the interaction。

 That's not going to happen very often。 Okay， that's very， very rare。

 So I followed up and actually followed it up with basically a continuation of the same frame continuation of the same kind of a push pull。

 So I've already been man to woman。In a sense， twice， but both of those were push pulls。

 both of those had a positive and a negative spike to them。 So they're not like， hey。

 here are my balls and a ptter or hey， I love you unconditionally。

 which you wouldn't want to say to a complete stranger。 other thing you can notice not verbal。

 but it is communication and sometimes the physicality can have communication to and can essentially be a form of verbal verbal game the fact that I did initiate physical contact early that was was something subtle just to touch on the arm。

 no big deal， nothing like really like sexual， but I've initiated physical contact already within the first few seconds of the interaction。

 So it's very clearly not just a friend to friend interaction。

 but I've maintained my power to an extent and I've created intention。

 made it teasing already within the first， I don't know， two， three seconds of the set。Okay， okay。

 what is what is your story I I'm curious my friend's So when she says okay and pauses。

 what is she really saying， she's saying。So where is this going。 But by saying。

 so where is this going， she's doing two things。 One she's accepting everything I've said before。

 She's not objecting to it。 She's not giving me shit test for it。 So I've conveyed manda woman。

 she hasn't had any problem with it， And then she's saying， what's next。

 So she's actually communicating to me what I need to do， which is move the interaction for it。

 I've already been to manda woman a few times， She's accepting of that and wants to know what's next。

 Well， what's the next thing after conveying manda woman。 It's。

 it's a phase that within the program the system， we'd call evaluation， right。

 which is deciding if I like the girl。 And so this is this this tell me your story。 Who are you。

 that kind of thing is like the lightest form of evaluation。

 It's essentially almost a biographical question。 But it is the start of evaluation。

 especially with the tonality with the tonality being a little bit challenging。

 a little bit like you're appraising her， So I'm already。

Kind of hinting at will you qualify yourself to me。

 Will you explain yourself to me and And if she does， that's great。 if she doesn't。

 it was subtle enough， there's not much loss in the attempt with another German of and I'm alone here because she was kissing and stuff like that and I'm suck of I out I'm alone enough All right So I gave her the opportunity to try and explain herself。

 qualify herself and she did exactly that。 So great。

 So she cared enough to open up to me to explain herself to me to let me into a world。

 that's all really， really good the other thing that's good here is the logistics。

 The logistics are that she's alone and that the friend。

 at least for the moment is not a huge factor。 So this is all looking really， really good， really。

 really soon But again， I want you to notice that while it is looking good。

 it's not like I didn't do anything what did I do， I went up with relaxed kind of body language and tone。

I went up and I made it manda woman。 I didn't just beat around the bush and make it friend a friend。

 but I did it in a way that was challenging and had some positive and negative polarity。

 So there's a lot of little things that I've done that give it this opportunity to be good。

 Had I not done those things， It's unlikely that it would be going so well this quickly。 Well。

 you actually technically you're talking to a very cute American boy。 All right。

 So there is essentially a cocky statement And being cocky is actually incredibly valuable in game。

 If you ask girls， do they want a confident guy， they'll say yes。

 you ask girls they want to cocky guy， they will say no， However， being cocky works better。

 especially early on。 The reason why being actually cocky beyond confident all the way to the level of cocky works is that it instigates a response。

Right so if you're just confident， gr pleasantly be like oh I'm with a confident guy if you're cocky。

 it kind of makes it makes it kind of almost like tense up or react to it or have like a gut reaction right she can have a gut reaction of like falling into your frame and getting turned on she can have a gut reaction or being like oh who is this guy and wanting to challenge you but she's going to respond and one of the things you want to do really early on an interaction is I call it assuming a frame that if true would lead to sex So when you assume the frame that you're an attractive person。

 what can she do with that Well， if she accepts that frame great。

 that's wonderful that's accepted as an idea that's present in the interaction and that's going to serve you very very well if she resist that well she's going to either be kind of logical and explaining and just like kind of justifying and adjusting her behavior to you or she's going to give you a shit test which is going to give you the opportunity to demonstrate your value very。

 very quickly a lot faster than you'd be able to。Without the shit test。

 I want to talk briefly on that， why are shit tests such a good way of demonstrating value？Well。

 it's because。Anybody can go up and have a line， anybody can go up and say some clever thing without you know any context。

 but when someone puts you on the spot in a unique way that you're not expecting。

 how you react in that moment is an honest signal it's an honest portrayal and honest conveyance of who you really are and how you really feel and so you can convey a lot more about yourself a lot more quickly when shit tested than when not shit tested so when I go and I act cocky from the get go。

All the outcomes are positive for me。 right， One outcome is she accepts the cock frame。

 And that's really good。 The next one is she gives me a shit test。 That's really good。

 The next one is she starts like getting logical and explaining and kind of in her head。 And。

 and that's also fine。 It's not the greatest， but it's also fine， But all of those things are good。

 I just want to introduce。😊，That kind of premise， that kind of idea into the interaction as soon as possible。

technicalically， you're talking to a very cute American boy。 Okay。

 that you only very good and my English is very best very sorry。 Okay， so again， what's happening。

 She's accepted my frame。 She's not disputing in any way that I'm a cute American boy。

 That's really good。 And what is she doing now， She's qualifying herself further。 So this is， again。

 really， really good。 Who has the value in this context。 Me or her clearly， it's me。

 Your English is pretty good。 She's feeling a little insecure。 She's qualifying herself a lot。

What a lot of guys will do in this situation is they're like， well， I teased her in that work。

 so let me keep teasing her and keep teasing her and keep teasing her and keep teasing her。

And the problem with that is you teased enough to establish that you had some value。

 but if you keep teasing and teasing and teasing， you're gonna create this like enormous value gap that makes it like unreal。

 or you're just gonna to make it really insecure。 You're gonna to make it really uncomfortable。

 etcter。 Also， when you just teasing teasing teas， You're not progressing the interaction forward。

 Teasing in game has a purpose。 that purpose is to eventually connect Teasing is not an end in itself。

 even if it does make the girl laugh， even it does get a response， that only goes so far。

 The purpose of teasing is to put you in a high value enough position that she wants to connect with you once you're in that position the goal is to connect。

 So what am I doing here is I'm actually being very nice to her。

 No no your English is actually quite good。I'm giving her actual compliments， right why。

 because I have enough value that I can give her compliments and connect without risking anything。

Where are you from Austria Austria？Yeah， see you speak compared to 99% of the world。

 you speak very good English。 compared to Germany and Austria， I don't know。

 but yeah like yeah thank you So it's good。 So I don't have to like know use small words for you and explain everything time everything six times Okay so here what am I doing。

 I gave her a compliment。 but then I kind of like toned it down。

 I didn't make it that big of a compliment。 And I also kind of related it to me that's actually really。

 really important。 right So a compliment to vacuum that's a nice address is it's just a nice thing to say there's nothing wrong with it。

 she'll probably appreciate it。 but it doesn't really move things forward in amanda woman way。

 But if I say， oh your English is quite good。 So that means that I don't have to explain everything to you。

 etc。 So it's a clear benefit to our relationship again。

 I'm hinting at the idea of a relationship between us。

 I'm hinting at the idea of this going at least beyond strangers。 if not to manda woman。

 Okay and that's a continual thing Basically in terms of escalation。U。The least。

Kind of connected and least， I guess powerful。 The thing that moves the interaction forward the least and achieves the least is talking about random topics。

 The next least is talking about yourself。 the next least is talking about her。

 if you're talking about her， you're already moving the interaction forward pretty significantly and it's gonna be relevant to her。

 and she's probably going interact with it。 But the best one is we talking about you and her together。

 So the faster and the more you can get to this we frame。

 this idea that there is a you and her together idea or concept。

 the more you can plant it in the interaction， the better it's gonna to be for the interaction in general。

 So that's the escalation is from like random topic to I to you to we and each one gets more and more intimate。

 already I'm talking within the context of you and I I。e。

 we you you're very welcome what is your name。系。Right and now I'm getting physical but it doesn't look pushy couple different reasons First one is it's at a moment when she wants my approval and wants my validation and so it makes her very receptive second thing is I didn't actually like reach out and hug her or grab her in anyway way what I did I put my arm out and invited her to join in the hug and then when she came towards me then I eventually went ahead and closed arm if I'd put my arm up and she didn't continue I would have just drop my arm and continued talking so this is what I call invisible escalation and this is a very lowris way to actually make it man to woman。

I think you're adorable， I think you might be bad news， but I do think you're adorable。

So what are you're doing， what you're doing？Oh and this is amazing right。

 she's trying to find out what I'm doing， She's inquiring about my logistics， etc cetera， et cetera。

 that means that she is interested。And this particular question is a very good one。

 but anytime a girl is asking you a question early on。

 you should take that as a positive because a question is an invitation to keep talking if a girl doesn't want you to talk to her if a girl wants you to leave。

 she will not ask you questions。 Only if the girl at least prefers you staying to leaving Will she ask you questions in general。

 Sometimes a girl may ask you a question just out of politeness。

 but if so she won't care about much about the answer and she'll get off the topic and probably dismiss you very quickly after But in general。

 questions are a very， very good thing Again， the girl doesn't have to ask you question。

 So the fact that she chooses to do that is a very good indicator for the interaction yeah。

 my friends are down in a Shoco but I just wanted to come up and grab a breath of air for a seconds kind of like。

And then I found this know cute Austria girl and okay so again。

 I'm talking about a random topic and then I bring it back around to her and this is actually pretty compliment but again。

 I can be complimentary because she's already qualifying herself she's already in my frame this is very different that if I went in from the opener and was complimenting her and calling her cute Hopefully you see that difference right so you can all the things you want to do being really nice to the girl complimenting the girl。

 getting to know the girl all those things you want to do， you can and should do them in game。

 but you need to wait just a little bit until she wants them if you're just a random stranger。

 she doesn't want to connect with you yet because she doesn't know you if you just go give a compliment to a random stranger it's not really earned and it doesn't mean as much and it also may make you look kind of easy or obvious。

But if you establish some value first， all of those things you want to do。

 you now can one led to another and then you know。Yeah。

 I heard Shoko is a very good club is key phrase， I heard Shoko is a very good club。

 so she's showing interest in where I've just come from。Now there are three levels。

Of kind of awareness of this at a very beginner level。

 beginner will probably be completely unaware of it and just continue having this conversation or might even be too afraid to bring up this positive thing or this idea of potentially going to the club together or something like that。

 so beginner may be afraid to close or maybe too oblivious to close。

Intermediate guy would probably close really obviously so she says I heard showca a good club and like oh you know what。

 let's go there right now let's do it and he would try and like press his advantage immediately he'd be very。

 very obvious， very， very pushy， a little bit needy even and almost as though he doesn't trust himself to continue having a good interaction so he wants to capitalize right now while it's good and it looks a little bit insecure。

Advanced guy would not make as big big big of a deal about it or is going to do what I'm about to do。

 which is frame it as though she might be lucky enough to go there with me。 Its good。 It is good。

 You could join us there if you want， but。So you could join us I was kind of thinking like a quieter drink how about this。

 let's have a quiet drink and then if we have a good time together， I'll bring you in a showco。

 say to my friends， whatever。So I've headed up so that if she gets to go to Shoko with me。

 that's the reward And what we're really working to instead is a quiet drink。

 And I framed it as though the quiet drink is her way to earn it。

 really what I'd rather do is the quiet drink with her in general。

 I don't want to take her to allowed kind of clubby area。

 I'd rather take her to place where I can stay one on one and keep the good logistics and keep the good situation at Min So what I've actually done though。

 is she suggested something that would be good。 What I did is I suggested you know what we can do that thing would be good。

 but you know what first to test out and make sure that we know each other because I'm not sure about you to slow it down。

 let's do this other thing， which happens to be even better for my purposes。Okay。

 is there a place I have to wait till half person？3， oh my gosh。Okay。

 so now we have some form of you call resistance， you could call it hesitation。

 something like that and a very important thing when you get resistance or hesitation is you want to identify what it is。

 there's two forms of resistance one is what I call an objection the other is what I call a condition so an objection is something that's coming from her emotionally so she's not emotionally ready。

 she's not liking me enough yet etca etc ce a condition is an external factor like you know she's with her friends or she has to get up early in the morning that has nothing to do with her emotions。

 it's a legitimate factual thing in the real world and the issue is that objections。

 the internal emotional part is emotional The conditions。

 the factual logical external part is factual and literal。And so if something's emotionally。

 you just solve it emotionally， if something's logical factual， you just solve it logically。

 this in this case it's an objection， it's she has a friend， she has to meet up with her friend。

 and so what I need to do mainly is just solve the problem。

Now what a lot of guys will do wrong in solving the problem is they'll be really eager and really obvious and really pushy。

 whereas what you need to be is really， really casual and just kind of open and a big part of solving the problem。

 instead of trying to jump in with the solution all lot the time， listen to the girl。

 help her solve it if possible， there's this idea I call inception。

 which is if the girl makes the decision for you， it's much better than if you make the decision for her。

You'll be all right， here's what we'll do， we'll go grab a quick drink around here and then we'll come right back and meet your friends。

 okay。Very easy I don't know where for a quick drink but I'm sure there' place so grab a quick drink。

 stay in the area， meet your friend back here， half past through。

 assuming your friend is like and opium opium is that way It's one one down that way。No， no very。

 close So two things I want you to notice on that。 First one is while what I said was pretty obvious。

 hey， we're gonna go do this thing， I said it with a lot of assurance。

 like I believed it was gonna happen。 And I also said it as though it's just a little intermission。

 a little interlude before do this other thing that she needs to do。 So I didn't say， hey。

 let me go for a drink and then take you home and say let's get a quick drink while you waiting for a friend and then we can go meet up with her together。

 So I figured out that the objection or the condition the condition is the friend so I need to take that into account and so my answer。

 my solution incorporates that。 the other thing that you may not have noticed because it was pretty subtle and quick is I was starting to say if your friend is cool。

 we can hang So I'm qualifying the situation again I'm making it so that this is all a reward。

 my time with her is a reward。 taking for a drink is a reward。 It's not something I want to do。

 It's something I'm doing for her。 And this is conveyed not in one big strong statement like I'm doing this for you which come as very reactive very needy。

 very forceful。 It's in。Oney little tiny， almost insignificant little mentions right so it just all kind of adds up to the frame that I'm doing this as a favor to you。

 we're enhancing each other's life by doing this if you earn it， you can have it etc cetera， et cea。

 et cetera， like yeah yeah 50 meters。There is a meeting home。Yeah， he is okay I'm okay， yeah。

Right to love people， oh my god。We'll never find her again because she lost her phone yesterday so。

And so this is actually interesting， she's sort of solving the problem for me。

 she's helping the logistics be a little bit better。

 she's acknowledging that there's a chance she won't find her friend and to a certain extent she's okay with that unless she wouldn't have left her friend in this scenario so she's actually helping me with logistics and she's also giving me a lot of potentially good logistical excuses for later on which I don't end up actually using in this interaction but they are good things to note。

I have faith in I've Ive heard you Austrians are very organized。

 believe I've I've heard you schedule time to schedule your schedules。 That's all good。

 it's just like teasing right notice a little bit of physicality and then a little bit of teases。

 So again the positive spike in negative spike， The other thing I want to point out here on a verbal level is that there are better and worse ways to say things right And this is something that comes over time and comes with practice。

 but it's a skill worth cultivating。 So if I had said Austrians are very organized。

 There's nothing wrong with that。 It's completely fine。 it's a valid statement。

 it would get the point across， it would still be a tease etc。

 But when I say you schedule time to schedule your schedules that is very specific and it's very exaggerated and it's comedically better And so I could have said something that was you know very mundane and average。

 but I said it in a better way。 and this is actually I believe the first time I ever said this line。

 however， since then since this interaction。Because it was a good line。

 And because I've watched this footage and learned from it， I've used that line several other times。

 And it's a quite good， reliable line that I can use over and over again。 All So one。

 be attuned and aware to what is good comedy， be aware of how to phrase things in a specific way。

 how to phrase things in more interesting way to understand it's okay to repeat the same things。

 It's okay to say the same thing in more than one interaction。

 Now you don't want to try and force the same thing into every interaction。

 because then it's gonna to be out of place and it's gonna come off as try hard。

 But if you have an arsenal of different lines and ideas and and stories you can use， Well。

 at some point， situation is gonna arise where something that arsenal is the right thing to deploy。

 And that's when you're going to use it。😊，No。No， I good， I hope not。

 I hope that's not true of you because if so， then because you seem very fun and spontaneous。

 but if you're very boring in schedule， I wouldn't like you as much。And the frame， right。

 if you I'm actually saying I like her， but I'm saying it in a way that's the opposite of given my power wakes。

 I said if you had been this other thing， I wouldn't like you。

 It's the exact same thing as I like you for this reason， but it phrase it in the negative。

I wouldn't have liked you if this other thing， right， subtle little shift。

Sot a little difference between intermediate and advanced is that mean to say？I mean。

 you've seen fun so far。 Yeah And so now I notice she like。

 I don't think she was actually hurt by it， but she's faking hurt by it。 And certainly she's。

 she's in my frame。 She's been nothing but sweet to me。 She's very reactive to me。

 So there's no reason not to just be nicer her。 There's no reason not to just clarify the compliments。

 Give her a little bit of， you know， a little bit of validation。

 a little bit of like feeling feeling good in the interaction。

 feeling like slash loved in the interaction。 It's only gonna help in this case。 again。

 though you wouldn't be doing that from the open， you do that once you have value。 I mean。

 I barely know you're like this much。And this is interesting in the sense of it's an honest statement。

 I do barely know her， but it's essentially an objection， right。

 it's an objection to us being together。And。Most of the time when you have a good interaction with girls and it's getting sexual。

 you're going to get certain objections。Because you know you're gonna to get those objections。

 it's generally a good idea if you can to give the objection before the girl does。

 so we don't know each other that well， if you said it first that takes some of the sting out of if she says it。

 if you say I don't think we should have sex， it takes some of the sting out of when she says it。

Maybe less maybe like that much that So all I know I know that you're cute。

 you seem sweet don't trust you so a couple things there you're cute。

 you seem sweet and I don't trust you So again notice the push pull positive negative spikes。

 Another thing you will notice there or maybe won't notice until I've told it to。

 but you'll start noticing it now that I've told you is a thing called rule of three in comedy。

 things are funny in threes right So you stay one thing to set up a pattern。

 you say another thing to reinforce that pattern。 you say the third thing which breaks the pattern。

 If you just said one and then the second one， you haven't established the pattern well enough that the break is enough of a surprise。

 If you go way too long with it， it's boring and it takes too long to get to the joke and people tune out So rule of three is a really good way of establishing a pattern and then breaking the pattern in an interesting way。

 So yes， this is a push pull。 but it wasn't just a push pull。

 It was actually you called it a push push pull or people to push and pull different ways。

 but there's a positive positive negative And what is it。

comedy is rule of three this is another community principle。

 it's another lesson in just being good at words and delivery and storytelling， etc。

Yeah sure pretty much yeah so I feel like we should actually I know can can get we can get drinks over there in the casino like very cheap very quick just go there。

 we can have a drink get know each other Yeah no line okay yeah come yeah we go。GoodCool。

 so then just notice the assumptiveness， notice the fact that I'm putting it as an offer of something we could do together as almost a favor to to both of us really。

 but if anything a favor to her， not an imposition on her the other thing is I'm selling not how amazing it's going to be but how low risk it's going be most of the time when you are venue changing pullinging those kind of things。

The girl already likes you。 You wouldn't even be in the situation to be going for it if the girl didn't like you。

 So you don't need to sell the upside。 The upside should already be obvious because you're the major part of the upside。

 But what you want to do is you just want to tone down the downside。

 let her be comfortable And so most of the time when I'm when I'm pulling or when I'm venue changing or whatever。

 I'm if I'm selling it all， I'm selling the minimize downside risk。

 And the fact that we can leave it any time， the fact that we can end it at any time。

 the fact that this is an intermediate stop to another stop。 Those types of things。

 not this is gonna be so amazing， It's gonna be incredible。 Oh my God， Sunday， Sunday。

 Sunday I' not I'm not trying to like hype something I'm just。Being chill。

Make it not a big deal and showing a willingness to walk away and a willingness to let her walk away if anything。

I just wanted to improve my English。Because English is very。All right， so here's another moment。

 beginner intermediatemedia advanced。She says her English is very bad beginginner might just be so caught up in whatever he's doing。

 might not notice it might not see the opportunity that you know she wants to improve her English you speaking English is a useful thing now you don't want to become her English teacher but it's a great excuse It's a great excuse to use for why you guys are gonna hang out more why you're gonna like continue things etca。

 it's a great way for her to justify coming with you without it being sluty right beginner might miss all that。

Intermediate guy would probably be really accommodating and try and capitalize on it immediately be very。

 very obvious so she says， I'm just trying to improve my English but， well， I'm a American。

 I can help you with your English。Very obvious it's a good frame to have。

 it's a great thing to have existed in the conversation， good thing to draw her attention to。

 but really， really obvious giving a lot of your power away， we'd call this a leveling behavior。

 it makes you look like not a 10 out of 10。Notice what I do， which is I say the exact same thing。

 but I say it in the negative。 I say it as though I won't be helping her because I'm American。

 which doesn't even make sense。 but just hear the delivery。 So as an American。

 I can definitely not help you with that because we don't speak English where I'm from。

 So a little sarcasm， a little phrasing in the negative to point out the same exact fact。

 But without being accommodating。 if anything， I'm being the opposite of accommodating。

 framing things in the negative， phrasing things in the negative， incredibly。

 incredibly useful tool in your arsenal。 So as an American。

 I can definitely not help you with that because we don't speak English where I'm from。Okay。

I'm kidding， I'm joking that's great。Yes， just。Yeah。

 we'll just stare in silence we'll be very boring it's a good idea I mean it's a good thing we're both attractive people because otherwise it would be a really problem。

Okay， it's a good thing we're both attracted people， otherwise it would really be a problem。

This is a great sort of phrase to analyze So it's a good thing we're both attractive people Now I've just called her an attractive person so she would like to acknowledge us she would like this to be true she would like to work with this but in order to accept that part of it she has to accept the other part which is the part that I'm an attractive person and that's the part that I would really like to have be the case and in fact。

 not only that I'm an attractive person is good but when I say we're both attractive people there's an implied frame there。

 which is that on a same level we might like each other and maybe it's natural for attractive people to hook up those types of things so these are all frames and phrases our frames and ideas that I really。

 really want present in the interaction but I'm packaging them in a very palatable way that why would she possibly ever want to say no to them she'd only want to say yes。

Okay so at this point we went into a bar and it was actually pretty loud and crowded and the cameraman really honestly couldn't follow us in there and couldn't really film so what he did is he just let us go in there and then he picked us up back after when we had left so you'll notice we're back out here I think we both have drinks as well we've come back outside the bar and we're just standing kind of over near where when we were walking in so that's where we're gonna to pick it up。

Right， another great phrase， don't give me that look， right， Don't give me that look。 It's very。

Sexual in nature， pointing out like a flirtatious vibe， but again， phrased in the negative。

 framed in the negative。 So again， I can be manda woman without giving my power away。我。

It always just look like。Really， so you always look dangerous。You always look like trouble。Actually。

 yes， good to know。And obviously this is just teasing， there's not really a lot to say。

 this is just rehash of things we've seen before， but I am continuing that teasing frame。

 I'm not letting it be super， super platonic。Also notice who is moving fast moving more right she's bouncing around。

 she's very animated， I'm very relaxed， moving more slowly， all these kind of things are very。

 very good and what you're gonna to see soon I don't know if it comes right here or just in a little bit is basically I'm gonna go for a kiss and one of the major things that I do and going for a kiss is something I call it phase shift phase shift basically means bringing my energy down。

 getting more intimate， getting more sexual slowing down right oftentimes turning and facing the girl more。

 those types of things also creating more sexual tension and certainly whenever sexual tension exists。

 not shying away from it and not running away from it so you're gonna see that sort of a vibe and I've already kind of started it like the don't don't give me that look stacking some tension building oh your trouble you're dangerous I'm already moving it towards that phase shift already kind of feeling out whether going for a kiss is gonna make sense。

I'll keep that in mind。See， I like you， but I just don't trust。That's okay， I would invite。

 I invite you you could come party with me， we'd hang out， but I just don't you know。And again。

 here's all the things we could do that we're not going to do。

The is interesting facet of the human brain， this is a key idea in game since like year 2000 is that the human brain doesn't deal well with negatives because in order to understand something it has to sort of envision it or play it out so if I say don't imagine a pink elephant。

 the only way you can understand that is to think of a pink elephant which means you just imagine a pink elephant okay so it's very hard to think in the negative。

So when I say we could have done this， could have done this。

 could have done this but we're not going to， I framed it as these are the things we're not going to do。

 but in understanding that and participating in the conversation she has to put herself through the simulated experience。

 the imagination of doing those things with me， it's a great way to safely kind of introduce ideas into a conversation。

Yeah， that's totally if I invite you back to my place， youd probably steal all my things。

Mo you'd find  you'd find 10 euros lying around and then there wouldn't be 10s anymore And that's actually a comedic device called callback humor what you don't know from part of what was cut here is that we did see 10s she picked it up and since we didn't know who it was I just told her she could have it I don' to a 10s I this your but this whole idea of like oh you find 10 euros on the floor and won't be there anymore one it is again framing in the negative I'm not gonna to take you home because of these reasons think of that phrase actually I'm not going to take you home because of this this and this What concept we' introducing the idea of me taking her home。

 she has to imagine going home with me and then I put out there is this thing she can't have this thing she'd have to earn so that later on if and when she does go home with me she feels like it was a privilege something that wasn't just given to her so a lot going on there the callback humor is really good the framing in the negative is really good bringing up the idea of going home with me seatding the eventual pull all very useful。

This shouldn't steal my passport， though it doesn't look like you。It doesn't matter Yeah。

 you just sell it US passport very valuable。Right。Dear Diary， I met this sweet Austrian girl。

 it turns out she was a criminal。So did。Okay， right there。 So she gave me a bit of a shit test。

 Oh perfect story sell it being kind of like a smart as right What did I do。

 I didn't respond verbally。 What I did is I just looked at her。

 and sometimes not responding verbally is the best verbal response。 Sounds weird to say it that way。

 But here's what I mean This old phraing game says， don't say what you can nod。

 don't nod it you can wink， don't wink what you can smile。

The idea is if you can convey the same idea with fewer words with less effort。

 it makes it more powerful so here what did I do， she said on kind of a dumb shit test and I just like looked at her like she was stupid and so she eventually like kind of like caves and like I'm sorry。

Much， much， much better than having to actually pass the shit test verbally。小就好。はいはい。

You're adorable and again she's qualifying herself to me so what do I do this is when I escalate I escalate in this moment when she wants my validation。

 she wants my attention， she wants my respect and so number one being physical feels good。

 but it feels particularly good who her not just physically but emotionally in these moments when she wants my affection I like you but I kind hate you push pulls stacked with push pulls。

 stacked with push pulls I like。I feel like you and I that's a good sign I like you but I kind of she just says sounds good that's a really clear indicator that she is like really emotionally liking this and really into me let's have fun but let the grown up handle the serious stuff right and here what I'm doing is I'm framing a little bit of a playerish vibe。

 a little bit of a nonserious non boyfriendfri vibe， which can be useful for later。Yeah。

 nothing serious between us， promise。P much。Oh shit， really， really？Oh my god。

 what am I going to do you come？Are you adventurous and spontaneous？Okay。Yeah。Its interesting。

 so what did I do， I created tension， I squared up。

 all those push pulls kind of led to that and then what I did I kind of pulled her in lightly and I saw her reaction to it and there was no resistance to the pulling in so I pulled all the way and went to the kiss。

And then her response， tonality wise yep， to the kiss says it all， which is yep。

 I guess that's where we're going now。 yep， which that kind of interaction makes sense。 she gets it。

 etc ce。 interesting interesting thing to note。 This is。

 I believe the only time I kissed her before I got her back to my place。

 I may have kissed her a little bit on the walk home。't I don't fully recall。

 but this is about the only time I kissed her if not the only time I kissed her。 So what did I do。

 I established that I could。 I established that we like each other。

 established that kissing is part of what we do But at that point。

 understand that physicality and physical escalation。It matters for its own sake a little bit。

 but mainly it matters as communication， so I call nonverbal verbal game in a way。

 and so once you have kissed a Girl，Then a lot of times the stronger move rather than kissing her again is to show that you could but not do it or to let her want to kiss you and pull away you it'll actually create more sexual attention not to do it than to do it because you've already established you can Now if you are a beginner and you have trouble getting physical you have trouble kissing。

 please just kiss the girl and please just keep kissing the girl it's completely fine I'm talking about the transition between intermediate and advanced here。

Okay， yeah， shes hot， roast。😊，殺ロし殺し殺し。Okay， so what you're gonna see from here and we'll let it play just a bit longer is you're gonna see a lot of just getting to know her。

 but it won't be completely boringll it'll be a little teases along the way So what happens is early on there's a lot of teases。

 a lot of flirting a lot of gamey stuff going on and not as much normal conversation the later you go。

 the more there's real conversation， but you can't completely drop the gamey flirtty stuff It's what you know it helps establish your value it helps keep the interaction more fun it helps remind that you are still that guy etca。

 etc ceter the ratio is gonna go way down， it's gonna be a lot more normal conversation。

 a lot more chill get to know you type of stuff but you still are gonna throw on those teases here in there。

And even that， that's like a push pull， Espresscha K Deutsch said in German。

 I don't speak any German in German is a push pull of sorts。Digs，9。Yes and now she's saying。

 oh you speak German that's amazing because she wants similarities right a lot of guys they'll be in situations with girls where they're like me too。

 me too， I'm so much like you and they're looking for similarities in this case because of the frame because of how things are she's looking for similarities with me she loves it that I speak her language even though I actually don't and I'm telling her I don't。

你开心。Okay。You don't speak German。Just a little bit。I don't speak English， you speak in America。

Yous been Americana。Dist， I don't I to say Austrian， I don't say German I don't say Austrian， Dubist。

 A， I don't know I was there， I don't know how to you say Austrian。哎呦。Austrian， yeah。

So I guess say like Dubys Deutsch but you're not Deuts you're Austrian， how do you say Austrian。

 Austrianbist Austrian in， enough。I never learned how to speak to Austrians。

 and I learned how to speak to Germans。'm sorryrry。Right。

 and even that is a little bit of a push pull。You hate me And that's actually nice。 do you hate me。

 I know the answer is no。 But getting her to verbally acknowledge it is positive right There's a lot of these little things you can do where you can take sort of an implicit feeling in the interaction and make it an overt statement and overt fact because once the girl is flat out said I like you this is what's cool about you。

 I think you're handsome。 those kind of things those are never taken away。

 and those last whereas the feelings are fleeting feeling she feels this way in the moment。

 feels this way later。 but if she commits to I like you that exists and that's a lot more permanent in the interaction。

 the more you have that， the more you have the girl。

 not just emotionally into but logically invested and logically committed。

 the easier it's going to be when you eventually pull a lot of guys when they pull they're pulling on emotion。

 emotion， emotion And so if any point during taking the girl home。

 the emotion dies down the girl gets weirded out falls out of I was out of state so to speak。

 starts putting in persist starts getting nervous。terIf you have these logical commitments if the girls actually decided I like this guy。

 I acknowledge that I like this guy I acknowledge I find this guy sexy if you can get those logical commitments。

 that's going to make the later stages much， much， much easier hate me。

Because Austrians are so much nicer。Really。I'm not sure about that。

I'm sure about that So see I'm like very sweet and innocent and shy。

 so you have to be nice to me okay。This is interesting。

 This is a push pull as well so what am I doing， I'm saying I'm sweet and innocent and shy while physically escalating and being intimate so one my words are saying one thing。

 my physicality is saying another， it's a form of verbal to physical push pull and again the physicality is used as part of the communication not just as escalation。

thatI know that look。I invented that look and dangerous and no， you're actually really small。

 so you're not that dangerous。Like you would be dangerous except you're too small so you can't beat anybody up。

 so it's okay。Why are you small， you're like， you're like tiny。

'mSos okay I don't mind Okay so are these friends you meeting in like and so this is all again teasing it's also taking the frame of she's not intimidating don't take her seriously etc cea。

 but it's all very positive very sweet in this case and now what I'm doing is figuring out logistics who are friends who is she here with how is like an actual poll going potentially go down Okay so who are these friends you' meeting in like in a few minutes what's up？

I don't know， we're just we and then。Kick careers。You said you want to smoke weed and kick my assses that we say？

Oh and that's actually  funny too， so she said。She and her friend are going to meet and then she'll kick her friend's ass What I did is I intentionally misheard it a form misinpertertation what we're going to smoke weed。

 then you're going to kick my ass so again， it's a hint of she wants to take me home。

 she's trying to like get physical with me， I brought it back around to us。

 but I intentionally misheard again in a flattering way a more sexual way etctera， etcter。

Probably we go just back to the club。なんか。I you what club are you as a like catwalker andwalk I I'm in。

 but I guess I could go to catwalk if you twist my arm and like To come catwalk， I'll come So again。

 I'm framing the poll as maybe if she plays her cards right， I'll go with her not。

 Can I maybe go with you。 Do you want to hang out more again。

 beginner intermediate beginner wouldn't make the move would make the move in an obvious way。

 Advance guy makes the move and makes it seem like she's hitting on you。 It's her fault。

 you're giving in etc。You're very sweet and persistent。We see， well actually。

 so you're traveling with Austria like a few like Austrian girls or like guys and girls。

 big groups with just one my best friend。Okay， yeah， okay。

 she and she said she's like me she met some guy or whatever Yeah okay， well if you guys want。

 there's actually some clothes down in Labrambla that are really good so I could show you guys show you around a little bit。

 let's see。All right， and there you go she just agreed to eventually come somewhere else with me。

 which is that's actually what we're going to eventually do later is go exactly there so again bought in and logically commit but again。

 intermediate guy be like let's go now Adv guy okay she's committed to this one is's not set in stone she's only committed once two I understand her situation which she has to meet up with a friend who have to do these other things and three even beyond that I wouldn't ask in the next minute I would chill a little bit make it even more a little more buy in a little more casual and then be like okay cool let's go maybe five minutes from now。

10 minutes from now， etcter So the advance guy has patience and he frames things in the right way as opposed to just rushing to the close。

You surprised me actually。But， when I first met you， I thought you could be really boring， I'm sorry。

 but you're actually okay now， you're actually kind of fun now。

And this is that next phasing game called narrative， what are we to each other。

 what is the experience of each other， what is the story of us if our meeting was a story。

 how is that story written， and I'm controlling that narrative。

 I'm creating the story that is good for me that's favorable for me。

 this story that's going to make it exciting and fun for her。Thanks。You welcome。To here。

Because English is so bad， but you can't keep saying that it's not bad at all。

Your English is a million times better than my German。Because you can't speak German。Yeah。看。No医間にし。

And even that as a bush I can speak German no I can't chill over here's a little quiet。

Little less crazy。So what we're going to see here for this last little bit that I'm going to show。

Is essentially just they get to know you much more chill。

 much more calm phase and this is what therell be a lot of for the rest of the interaction at this point we like each other in particular she likes me。

 what I really need to do is not mess it up。 I need to spend time with her， get to know her。

 make it a positive pleasant experience， keep teasing just enough that she's reminded who I am but make it seem normal and natural at the same time though。

 because this is like a one- nightstand scenario or like a first night meet and take home scenario。

 I also do want to avoid the boyfriend frame I want to make sure that it's fun and casual frame as opposed to let's get serious and like have relationship frame。

 that's one thing I do want to avoid but that said I'm just getting her comfortable with spending time with me comfortable with the idea of going home with me and really what we're doing is we're kind of killing time until she can we can handle the logistical situation that is her friend。

啊，慢。Okay， so tell me， tell me something about you because I know that I enjoy you。

 but I don't know anything about who I actually。No like and enjoy at this point right。

 so this is getting to know， but again in a push pull way and in a challenging way。

 not an obvious one， a total stranger。There we go， just stay here near the near opium because you're friend。

And again notice that stay here because your friend。

 I' am actually looking out for her meeting her friend why because I know one way or another she's gonna to meet her friend so I may as well have it be on my terms。

 I may as well be a participant in it and helping her it's gonna build a lot more trust and comfort that way so good Austria how do I say Austria。

Oster， Okay， I'm just calling。 that's your name isstergoster good， yeah。F。No， I mean。

 I appreciate the offer but and this is something I do all the time when the girl when a group girl says fuck I misinterpret it as though it's a suggestion or she's suggesting that we should do that even more so maybe I tease a girl she's flush and she goes fuck you I'm like I appreciate the offer。

 I appreciate the invite， but right easy， easy misinterpretation。Already have an nephew。Okay。

 like it sure you're so old， auntie， yeah moment。Aunie， auntie， very proud。 so cute。 I be really。

 really cute。 Did you look like you。😊，Do you want to see picture， Sure why not yeah。Thank you。

These are the kind of things that just build comfort， build trust， make us， you know。

 it's just a nice thing for two people who like each other to do， brings people closer。哦。

He's never pretty old， that's like a couple years old。

 like two years old now he's he's two years old two years old， I'm like he is he two years old。

 you're like no， he's two years old。So from here， I was just going to narrate what happens because it's kind of a weird and weird set of scenarios that occurred from here first thing that happened was that we lost the ability to film this the reason for that was that some people caught my cameraman filming and that happens from time to time but in this case these people thought that he was filming them and they happened to be engaged in some illegal activity at the time and so they were very unhappy with the filming and so what happened is they came over and said  hey is that guy filming you and that happens you know if random people see us I'm like no I don't know what you're talking about and then he said。

He told me he was filming it， which I know my cameraman would never say。

 so I was like what's going on there， I looked over at my cameraman and he looks at music。

And so I'm like， yeah， maybe like what's going on he said。

 oh yeah he said he was your friend and he was filming I'm like yeah he is my friend and he is filming so yeah if you said it's probably true anyway we I don't know we got to go though but okay cool right and so I just tried to play it off as best I could and left and it turns out that again。

 these people were not happy with my cameraman at all。

 but I walked away and I beckoned him and he walked away and they just let us but at that point my cameraman was very much shaken and didn't want to continue filming understandably。

Next thing that happened was we met up with this girlfriend friend and it was actually pretty ideal because she had been the friend had been with some guy all night and I thought the girl and the guy we're gonna come back and meet us but it turns out that just the girl came back which I was actually disappointed I'm like oh shit if she lost the guy maybe this is gonna be bad but she said。

 oh yeah I know he's waiting over by the taxi just came over to grab you guys and bring you over so hey that's cool and she seemed very happy to have me there because obviously it's to her benefit if her friend is having fun and her friend will let her go with a guy she okay cool I'm gonna run back to the taxis come meet me and so we did。

 but we kind of walked intentionally slowly paused a few times etc ce by the time we got to the taxis the friend and the guy had left so we basically were alone for the rest of the night she'd already done her due diligence she'd seen her friend。

 her friend was okay with everything had seen me and so she had kind of tacit approval and at that point she could go home with me。

So we followed through with this plan of going to La Rammbla for another drink。

 And the reason for that is as much as this set was really good。

 I wasn't certain that she was ready to go home with me yet。 And so again。

 patience right instead of taking the risk and trying to be pushy It's oftentimes better to be patient because one。

 you're less likely to hear and know you're more likely to get to grow home once you do get to grow home if you've been too fast。

 you'll get a lot of resistance once you get her back guys said about Llamar， I almost never， ever。

 ever get Llamar if anything， I get girls seducing me when we get back because by the time any physical moves are happening they've wanted it for quite a bit longer So I just felt that patience was the best place。

 So we went over to La Rammbble to get a drink also because this is the thing I'd suggested all night was going to La Rammbla with the friend and so it just made sense to fall through the same plan So we went there when we arrived there were a couple options one was a loud bar with a line that I didn't want to take her in because again worse environment for what's going on the other one was another quiet bars who went over there。

And we realized it was closed。Wwhichch kind of sucked and kind of killed the vibe。

 So what I did then is I negotiated in Spanish， which was impressive to her to essentially buy an illicit bottle of alcohol。

 I got them to like basically let me pay in cash and then bring it over to like the dumpster when they were bring out the trash and just handed it to me and we put it under my shirt and then went home with it。

 And then we we'd sort of like walk with it。 And then if anybody was coming is like slip it under my shirt。

 we can't be caught with this。's you know， it's naughty， etc cetera。

 naughtiness is akin to sex So it leads to a sexual vibe。

 Its also a really good excuse why we needed to go up to my place to drink it because we couldn't drink it on the street we weren't supposed to have alcohol that late at night。

 So she came to my place one thing led to another and it was， you know， a fun time was had by all。

 So really， really， I think。Not the most complicated set logistically。

 not the most like a million crazy things happen kind of although the story at the end is actually good and does show a lot of value and a lot of good good elements。

 but the real thing I want to point out is that difference between a lot of guys would have flirted with this girl in a way that was very obvious would have put on a pedestal would have made her no shoes being hit on。

 would have made her the person like oh I like him but you know it's whatever whereas the way I did it was just a little bit more subtle。

 a little bit more patient and a lot more framed as though I was the prize and I was offering value to her rather than necessarily other way around。

 and that made everything go really naturally， really nicely and really。

 really smoothly and that really is what advanced game his advanced game is being subtle and getting the girl to chase you。

