# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：2.接近角度：2.坐姿（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So let's talk about approaching a girl who is sitting down。 Now， by the nature of being an approach。

 you're gonna probably have to walk over。 So the starting position is she's sitting， you're standing。

 Now， imagine if you stay in that position。 You've been talking to her， you know， a minute，5 minutes。

10 minutes。 She's sitting Youre standing。 What is this communicating to her and to the world。 right。

 Imagine as a casual observer。 You're watching this happen， You see the girl sitting there。

 You see the guy standing over her talking to her。 Well， what does it look like。

 It looks like she was there first， and he came over。 It looks like a cold approach。

 It looks like he has an objective or an agenda and she is kind of， you know， caught up in it。 right。

 So this whole narrative is the narrative that she has value and youre tri hard。

 The narrative that you want something from her。 That's not a good narrative for you。

And the way that it looks to an observer is the same as it feels to her。 right。

 She feels this is a cold approach。 This didn't just happen。 He has an agenda。

 He came over and talk to me。On the other hand， say you were to sit down with her。

Once you sit down with her， what is the narrative， the narrative is。

 there's two people together talking。 right， They're sort of equals on a level playing field。

 et cetera。 And the same way that it looks to an observer is the same what it feels to her。

 especially as you've been sitting there for a while。 the longer you're sitting there。

 the more it's sort of forgotten that you walked over and approached in the first place。

 So getting seated is incredibly valuable in terms of the dynamic， of who has value。

 it's also very important in terms of the lack of agenda and that it just happened phenomenon。

 which is something you want to convey in general in game。 So you want to get seated。

As soon as possible。However， when I give that advice to students。

 what I see a lot of students do is just run over and sit down before they open。 Well。

 let's look at what this conveys。 first of all， it's very shocking。 it conveys。

 you know something pretty aggressive， which is gonna to be a bit of a turn off。 It also， in a way。

 conveys some insecurity， if you were sure that you would be invited to sit down。

 Why would you be in such a rush to sit down， Would you do this with your friends if you were walking over and meeting a friend who've known for years。

 you wouldn't walk over and like sit down and trying to reserve your spot next to them because you wouldn't feel that spot is is is scarce。

 You wouldn't， you wouldn't be concerned You would walk over。

 You'd have a normal casual conversation that at some point in the conversation。

 you would just sit down an appropriate time， It might be very early with a friend you've known for a long time。

 but it would be an appropriate time in the conversation， You should do the same thing with a girl。

 Si down at the appropriate time， You sit down when you have something of an invitation from her。

 or at least something of a。ack of an uninvitation， if you will， from her。

 So what are the signs that you can sit down。One of the most common and best indicators that it's time to sit down is when she asks you a question。

 So if a girl asks you a question， you can kind of take that as her asking you to continue the conversation。

 asking you to keep talking because if she truly wanted to get rid of you。

 she wouldn't ask you questions， she wouldn't open things up to further discussion。

 So as soon as a girl ask you a question， that's a great opportunity to sit down。

Other good opportunities to sit down。 Or if the girl is laughing， reacting， positively。

 smiling to the things that you're saying， Another opportunity to sit down is if you've just been talking for a long enough time that it's clear that a conversation is occurring。

 It's clear that it's no longer kind of sitting on the precipice of like。

 you might have to leave it any moment， like that there's been enough back and forth。

 You're pretty comfortable the conversation。😊，Is accepted on both parties parts。

 Then you can go ahead and sit down。 But probably the one of the easiest and best is when you get that that question from her because。

 again， a question is almost a request to continue the conversation。

So let's go with that as an example。 Sa the girl ask you a question。 How should you sit down， Well。

 I want to introduce a concept called the false time constraint。

 Fse time constraint basically means you're going to indicate that you're not going to stay for a super long time or that you might not even be able to stay for a super long time。

 So the way that might look the way that might sound。As you say so she ask you a question。

 she's like， oh， where you're from I be like， oh， yeah， listen， I can't stay too long。

 But it's kind of interesting story。 yada， yada， yada， talk。

 talk talk and give give the answer to the question。

 But as you're saying that you know I can't stay too long， got to go in a minute。

 and then you start selling your story。 You're going to sit down。

 But you're gonna keep talking as you sit down。 If you were to go silent， sit down。

 and then start talking again。 that would be very weird and awkward。

 So it's very important two things。 one false time constraint。

 And the reason for this false time constraint is it conveys that you're not imposing yourself on her for half an hour。

 an hour or some long period of time， you're not planninging just planting yourself there and never leaving So she doesn't feel she needs to have to get rid of you。

 And then you keep talking as you sit， which makes it seem like a natural transition。

 not a big put on thing。 Okay， so those are the elements that you're gonna have for that successful seating。

 One quick verbal game lesson on the false time constraint。 A lot of guys do it very wrong。

And the fall semester one major purpose is indicate you're not staying too long。

 so guys will say I'm only going to take up a minute or I'll only take a minute of your time。

Which it achieves that idea of making her feel confident you're gonna to leave。

 But it also puts you in a lower value position， right。

 because you're acting like you are taking up her time。 Her time is valuable。

 and you're the one impinging on it。 You're the one like， you know， making an imposition on her。

The way that you should do the false time constraint is indicate that you aren't gonna stay very alone because you have other things to do。

 So， hey， I can't stay super long。 or hey， I may have to meet friends a little bit but real fast before I go something like that is much better than acting like。

 hey， I don't want to take up any any of your time。 You know， Princess on a pedestal。

 It's a subtle thing。 but it does make a very big difference。 Okay， so key points for a seated set。1。

 get seated as soon as you reasonably can。2， when you do get seated do it with generally a false time constraint and generally keeping talking as you sit down。

 once you have actually SAT with the girl。 Now， what is the narrative。

 the narrative is that you two are together。 And it's almost as though you're on an instant date。

 It's not quite as good as an instant date where you actually like said， hey。

 let's go somewhere and she committed and came with you because you don't have that buy in and that logical decision on her part。

 But from an environmental standpoint and from a feeling standpoint as it goes longer and longer。

 It starts to feel a bit like an instant date。 And so you can actually stay。

 you know for quite some time talking to the girl。 once you。

Once you've satAT down with her eventually， if you are gonna do an instant date or go ahead and like take her home or something like that。

 you will want to know go to maybe a more committed place and you maybe want to take the lead and establish know the idea that that she's she's following your lead and she's you know going places with you and is committed。

 But once you've satAT down， you're in a really good place And that's one of the reasons why a girl sitting down while there is while there are some technical concerns that I've just explained to you a girl sitting down is one of the most optimal situations for a cold approach to actually go well。

 In fact， so much so it's rare to find really hot girls sitting by themselves。

 but it's so much so that like if I do see a hot girl sitting by herself。

 I just do a little like thank you Thank you God， even though I'm not not religious know just in case like it's a blessing。

 It's a blessing when that happens， it's a blessing that you found a girl sitting there by herself in opportune environment。

 So so take advantage of that situation。 Like definitely make the most of it。

 but do it in the right way。