# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：9 - 基线与情节线介绍_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

In order to fully explore the idea of narrative， there's another kind of concept or model that I want to teach you that's going to help you to understand game on a much deeper and hopefully better level。

 And that is a distinction I call the distinction between baseline and plotline and baseline basically is the normal part of conversation you know biographical facts。

 general informational stories being told basic answers to questions。

 just normal everyday conversation plotline is all the gamey type moves that you typically would think of as game。

 So something like a push pull or a takeaway or a disqualifier or you could call like a DHV is kind of a little bit of both to be fair a story that's a DHV。

 but the part thats specifically the positive quality you're trying to emphasize would be plotline So anything that's creating an emotional spike Anything that's creating a difference emotionally。

 especially a very short termm burst of difference is plotline anything。

That's just generally gradually getting to know each other over time or just like you just be called fluff talk or normal conversation。

 That's baseline you need some of both in your conversation if you have all baseline and no plotline。

 you probably end up in the friend zone or maybe even in the she never even knew you liked her that way even if she liked you zone it just doesn't get sexual if you don't have any plotline whatsoever if you have all plotline and no baseline。

 which is actually what happens to guys who go and do too much game and don't have normal interactions or who they do game in very high energy environments only and they just get addicted to like getting reactions。

 what will happen is they will get good emotional reactions but they will lack the depth to build a genuine real connection with the girl and oftentimes the girl will not treat them not taking very seriously。

 not treat them as very real in a way， they'll treat them as oh that player guy from the club as opposed to that cool guy who I need to meet and typically when I see guys progress from beginner to intermediate to advance。

Usually beginners have almost all baseline and almost no plot line in their game。

 and even the baseline they have is boring， and so they're just not triggering much in terms of emotions at all。

Intermediate guys typically learn plotline first。 they learn to have those emotional spikes。

 They learn to do some push pulls， They learn to do some things like that。

 and they start to get some responses and reactions。

 but it's a little bit too gamey and a little bit too obvious and that will impede their progress and make them seem low value。

 even as they are starting to get more and more results and then advanced guys actually learn to take a lot of the things that they were conveying as plotline and actually bring them into their baseline。

 So you'll actually see a decrease in plotline going from intermediate to advanced because they no longer need to have as much pure plotline because they're actually conveying a lot of attractive qualities and actually incorporating plotline into their baseline。

 Hopefully that gives you some idea of of the the distinction between the two。

 I think of it almost as like EKg the heart machine So like your steady level is like your baseline and then the little bumps are like your plotline if that helps as a model。

 So anyway， we're gonna talk about in the next couple videos is certain things that are plotline moves that build narrative and certain things that are。

Baseline moves the build narrative， and I think it is important to make this distinction because they are of a different nature。

