# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：05.傲慢的框架_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next very powerful attraction tactic is the adoption of a cocky or arrogant frame that is putting something out in the world that is something that if true would lead to sex or if true would lead to the assumption that she would be attracted to you so instead of taking the normal assumption that when walking up to a girl。

 she's high value and you have to impress her you're gonna flip that around and take the assumption that youre high value and either she has to impress you or be natural for her to get attracted to or something like that。

 and the beauty of this is it's a lot easier to hold an existing frame to hold the status quo than it is to change the existing frame So if you before there is a frame set in the interaction。

 set the frame that you're attractive， set the frame that she's chasing。

 now she has the work to do to undo that frame， which is much harder than just setting a frame in the first place so a lot of times this will be something you'll do early on in the interaction kind of before any frame has been set So the first two examples we're gonna give are actually potentially openers that you could use first one is a very famous oldcho openers。

Are you shy opener。 You go over going like， excusecus me。 Are you shy。 And she goes no， why you say。

 well， just because I've been standing here for like five minutes。

 you didn't come over and say hi I didn't grab my ass yet。

 I figured you might need some help so I came over to talk to you you're basically framing that you talking to her is that she must have been nervous to talk to you clearly wanted to talk you and you're doing it as a favor for her as opposed to just like hey。

 I wanted to meet you and this can be this should be done a little bit lighthearted because clearly you did walk up to her but because you're being a little humor about a little tongue and cheek you are still setting the frame。

 but if she resist the frame， you're obviously like just kidding don't take it so seriously etc。

 And you can go on to have a normal interaction。 So are you shy opener is a great example of setting a cocky frame right off the bat。

 Another example that's a little more subtle but probably a slightly better opener overall isy excuse me just like look bored over here。

 I thought I'd come over here and amuse myself。And so there you have not only a cocky frame that you're amusing yourself and that you're not taking this very seriously as opposed to that this is big deal to talk to this hot girl。

 So that's a cocky frame。 you're also a bit of a push pull' like it sounds like I wanted to come over here and amuse you but you change it to myself for the last minute。

 which is a little bit cocky， a little bit self-centered a little bit arrogant or narcissistic right so again。

 you're taking this frame that you are the most important person in the interaction that you're just having fun you're not taking her very seriously So it's a bit of a cocky kind of a frame to take。

The next one， and I do this one in a lot of different ways。

 but it's framing myself and her as goodlook people。

 So one version is like maybe she mentions something in her life where like some creepy guy hit on her or something like that I'd be like I know we good looking people have to stick together it's rough being as attractive as we are And so I'm being tongue in cheek about how rough her life if she has some guy hitting on her but what I'm doing is I'm framing us both as attractive people and so that frame that we're both attractive i。

e I'm attractive has been put into the conversation And in this case she probably doesn't want to dispute the frame because it's tied in with her being attractive。

 which is something she'd like to have be true。 So there's another idea of conveying a frame that is a little bit sexual in nature。

 a little cocky in nature， something that if accepted would lead you closer to sex if this frame is not accepted。

 you can always just kidding it also a lot of times if it's not accepted you're gonna get a shit test which right away early on in the interaction is a great opportunity to convey your value a lot better than you would have if you had to go in and and just come up with something cold So assuming a cock frame is very very useful。

 very very important。I do quite often。