# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：14 - 何时不升级 - 场地_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So we've so far talked a lot about escalation， verbal。

 physical and logistical and how it is essentially， you know it's a huge part of game。

 It's necessary to game If you don't escalate， you're never going to get anywhere。

 So you might think that you want to escalate constantly and that's almost true in most cases if you can escalate。

 you may want to escalate Now again， maybe two steps forward one step back。

 maybe you want to go the 80% rule so you're not overpushing etc。

 you might not want to escalate as directly as you can or as far as you can。

 but generally if there's an opportunity to escalate， you want to。 but there are a few exceptions。

 And I want to go through those because they are very。

 very critical and they will massively hurt your results if you escalate in these particular wrong times。

 And the reason they're the wrong time has to do with the things we've talked about before has to do with the messaging and the understanding of what particular actions mean in particular situations So the first situation in which you do not want to escalate or you do not want to overesscalate is when it's in the wrong venue so。

For example， escalating a lot in the meat venue is a huge mistake。 so in general。

 you don't want to be making out with a girl heavily in front of her friends。

 This was a mistake I made a lot in college when I was first learning a game and kissing was a big deal for me and I just loved it I had this idea that if I kiss a girl I'll probably sleep with her because I was true on dates I'd go to parties and I'd start being the guy that would make out with girls very blatantly at the party and then what would happen eventually her friends would see they'd assume her friend was drunk and drag her away and shovedho me off of her even though I wasn't doing anything wrong and maybe even the girl had come on to me more but the girl's friends would intervene and dislike it and it would be a problem and I wouldn't end up sleeping with that girl whereas if I'd been more chill I might have on top of which because I was going to the same parties over and over again I started to get a reputation as making out with too many girls being a bit of a player etc And so that became you know problematic on another level。

 but escalating in the wrong venue， escalating in the meat venue was a problem and I should have toned that down。

 I would have actually ended up taking more girls home。

sleeping with more of them had I toned down the escalation。

 especially the blatant escalation in front of the friends。 Similarlyly。

 it's possible to overescalate in a later venue before taking a girl home So for example。

 let's say you're at a date venue and things are going really well you're making out a lot of times just making out a lot getting very hot and heavy and you take the girl home and you'll end up sleeping with her and that does work a lot of times and that's why guys resort to it However。

 what can happen as if you're making out too much in that venue and then you try and ask girl to come home with you she may actually resist because she knows 100 percent that coming home with you is for sex it's very clear that's what you're gonna do based on everything you've done before whereas had you made out a little bit and then a little bit hard to get a little bit like putting the breaks on wanting to have a little more normal conversation keeping the tension rather than being obvious you'd be more likely to be able to get the girl to come home with you so by overescalating in an early venue you make it a bigger amount of pressure on the next venue。

Move and so because of the amount of pressure or amount of perceived risk in it。

 she may actually say no， where she would have said yes， under less escalation。 In an extreme case。

 there are girls that will potentially meet up with you as friends for a date。

 just because you're a good conversation Where if you had made out with them in the original meat。

 they might be nervous about the date itself Now， generally again。

 making out and that kind of stuff is net good in many cases。

 especially if you're a beginner and and it's something you need to work on。

 but there are times when it's not the best idea and what it comes down to is what is the communication。

 What is the non-verbalverbal game of the kiss， is it communicating that I'm trying to have sex with you。

 is it communicating， I want something from you or is it communicating。

 this is a fun thing we're doing together or even better yet， is it communicating。

 we've kissed a little bit， but I'm the one pushing you away and you're the one chasing So depending on the communication as well and also depending a bit on the venue and the logistics there are situations where overescalating is probably a bad idea because of the venue in the situation。

