# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：12 - 影响蓝图的因素（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next thing you should probably look for when assessing a girl's blueprint right off the get go is her appearance。

 Her appearance does matter for her blueprint， not directly， but indirectly。

 because her appearance likely tells you a lot about the experience she's had with men throughout her life and given that you're a man looking to have an experience with her it matters what that experience has been in the past I she used to guys kissing her ass。

 Well that's going affect a lot of these other things we talked about like what she views as value and comfort I she used to guys giving her a lot of shit and giving a hard time。

 Well， that's going to depend that's gonna to change how she views different actions you're going do that's going to view how she's perceiving different things you might do in your game Another big part of this is regardless of how hot she is because hopefully we're mostly talking to to attractive girls。

 It's not necessarily how hot she is now completely。

 it's also how hot she was growing up If she is like gorgeous。

 gorgeous girl Was she gorgeous in her teenage years Was she gorgeous in her。

ative years in popular and had everybody kissing and trying to date her or was she the late bloomer who was kind of like ganglion had braces and and wasn't so good and then came into her body later on。

 Well now she might be a lot more humble and she might actually be not quite as much sexual self-esteem as the girl who's always been hot。

 although funny enough， she may have found out about herself as a person and may even have more actually deeper self-esteeem than the girl who was always hot and views it as superficial and like it could always be taken away from her but knowing how attractive the girl is now and how she's probably treated because of it and knowing how attractive or popular the girl was growing up and how she was treated and how that molded her is another huge part of blueprint。

 especially when it comes to relationships because when it comes to relationships。

 most of the time the girls fall into similar patterns over and over again。

 they date the same types of guys at least on some level over and over again and that doesn't mean they always date guys of the same profession。

 although some girls do。That it doesn't mean they date guys of the same height or same physical appearance。

 although some girls do that， but it means probably they date guys of the same attitude or of the same personality or who give them the same experience and make them feel the same way around them if you can get into what that experience is like for them of the guys they date in the past and what has emotionally triggered them in a positive way in the past you have a pretty good idea of what will emotionally trigger them in a positive way at the present。

