# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：06.关键概念：2.格式和顺序【课程更新加微信kc58567】

I want to tell you about an interesting experience I had on a live program I was teaching recently we had a group of students together and we're doing an exercise where essentially I was roleplay an interaction like I was being the guy。

 I had one of the students playing the role of the girl and I was showing how I would respond to various things that they would throw at me。

And then one of the students said you know， that's brilliant， that's amazing。

 I love what you're doing。 I can see what you're doing， but I have no idea how I could repeat it。

 I can't be as clever as you and also I see it when it happens。

 but I can't break down like the format of it。 I can't break down how you came up with that thing to do。

And so I paused for a second I thought about it and I said， okay。

 let's do this again except now instead of me saying a particular line。

 I'm going to say the purpose or the role that that line serves so instead of saying you and I would not get along。

 I'll say disqualifying teas。Or instead of saying thanks for noticing， I'd be like shit test pass。

 Does that make sense。 So I would give sort of like if you look at game as modular。

 look at as these elements of game or these types of communication you can have。

 I'll break it down to that。 And that's interesting because that is actually how I think about game myself。

1 of all， I have practiced those formats。 I have practiced passing shit test as an exercise to the point that it's a skill that I have。

 I have practiced teasing and having push pull statements and positive and negative spikes to the point that it is absolutely second nature to me。

 I don't have to think about it。 similar to how like a basketball player practice dribbling and shooting to the point that they're able to think tactically。

 But the other thing is that I do think about game in these formats。 I think about game in terms of。

😊，Time for a tease， not let me say this particular line， or it's time for me to disqualify。

 not let me say this particular thing， or it's time for a venue change。

 not let me ask her for ice cream。 and it's very important that you think of game as categories of things。

 What are you trying to accomplish And what is the nature of what you're doing rather than the specific line。

 if you get two caught up in specific lines you're gonna to be very inflexible。

 you're gonna to have a very limited arsenal because you have to have a specific line for every situation。

 and you're not gonna be able to to really understand the purpose and the nuance of game because if you get a particular shit test and then you get another shit test。

 they may be similar， but they can't be passed with the exact same line。

 they can be passed with the same format。 they can be passed with the same underlying understanding of game。

 And so that's the way I really think of game is in terms of these formats。

 And so as I break everything down in this course。 Yes， there will be a particular line I use。

 and sometimes it'll be something weighty， sometimes be something I've said before。

 sometimes be something。not that great and sometimes it be something you came up with on the spot that's incredibly witty or sometimes not that great。

 but what it will be virtually always is the right sort of like part of speech right you know how in speech there are like verbs and adjectives and adverbs and nouns right basically in game there are similar parts of speech there are teases and disqualifiers and challenges and shit tests if you get the right part of speech。

What you say doesn't matter very much。 getting the right part of the speech will handle the game element for you as far as the connection element。

 as far as the get to know you element， as far as that kind of stuff。

 that's where the content matters。 And that's where you're conveying your personality。

 But knowing these formats gives you the avenue gives you the method to convey your personality in a way it's gonna to be the most compelling for the girl most effective and to move the interaction forward in a proper and systematic way。

And next I want to talk about that proper and systematic way because what we're talking about here is what I call sequencing sequencing is the idea that certain parts of game have to occur before others if you even just look at the system model。

 open premise， evaluate narrative close， each phase pretty much has to occur before the following one so the open has to occur before you can have premise because how can you have premise with a goal you're not talking to yet？

How are you going to evaluate a girl in a mandowoman way if you haven't established through premise that it is a mandowoman communication。

 how are you going have narrative， i。e。 what you guys are to each other， if you haven't established。

 who's chasing who and established that she's winning you over and that she's not just random and you're not just random you're not just too attractive people there actually is a connection until you've established that there is a connection。

 how you're going to establish what that connection is。

 and how are you going to close before you've done a proper amount of elements so that she's motivated to actually say yes to your close。

So each of these elements only works after the previous elements are in place。

 or at least it only works really well after the previous elements are in place。

 And one of the biggest things I see guys do wrong in game is the'll repeat lines they've heard or or things they think are good game。

 but they do them out of sequence。 So some guys will keep opening and opening and opening。

 I call it trying to open the girl all the way to the bedroom。

 they don't progress those further stages。 Then when they try and close， it comes out of nowhere。😊。

Other guys will jump right into narrative without building any of the foundation for it and the girls's like why is this weird dude that I don't know trying to connect with me with the fuck And so getting the sequence right both for these elements。

 but also a smaller level in terms of have you instigated a conversation before you start challenging her to respond to certain things or when a girl gives you a shit test you need to pass that shit test before you can start connecting。

 However， when a girl is trying to connect with yout actually do open up and connect。

 don't try and give her a shit test。 So it makes sense so you need to have the right pieces in the right places。

 So first is knowing what the pieces are， second is knowing the proper sequence。

 if you get that down the actual words don't matter。

 It's kind of like a madlibs approach the game I don't I don't know for European or Asian guys how common that will be or even if all Americans are used the idea of madlib is basically have these stories where they've taken out certain words and you filled them in with the proper part of speech and you end up with silly stories。

 but you end with stories that make grammatical sense。

If you get the right parts of speech in the right place， sometimes the sets will be a bit silly。

 sometimes it won't be perfect， but it will make grammatical sense， and it will work well enough。

 It will work pretty damn well。 And as you get better and better with it and smoother with it。

 it'll work incredibly well。 But I really want to emphasize that to you。

 Fo on the formats rather than the lines and focus on the sequencing。 What should come next。

