# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：13 - 情节线作为叙事 #社交认证_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Finally， we come to social proof and social proof is it's a lot more obvious why social proof is part of narrative。

 right It is the story people are telling about you。

 It is the way you're being perceived in the world。

 And so I don't think I have to make connect too many dots to explain to you why it is that social proof。

 It's an attractive quality and garner attraction。 we've already talked about that before。

 but why it is conveying a bit of narrative， why it is conveying a bit of your story and why it is powerful in that way。

 So that's pretty obvious。 So I include it for completeness。 The other reason I include it though。

 is that it's something that is highly neglected。 So a lot of guys， as they're learning game。

 they focus on a lot of push pull moves or a lot of like teas is or a lot of takeaways or DHvs are these overt game moves。

 which are fine and they're all great moves and they're all useful in game。

 I encourage all these things。 but they're very focused on the style of game that is very much you talking to the girl。

 you explain to the girl you interacting directly with the girl and they neglect social proof because they've got。

😊，Good results with these moves they're doing social proof is just a more powerful way of conveying the same thing。

 So if you can convey the same thing through somebody else's opinion than through your own。

 it's actually useful if you can convey attraction through social proof rather than through overt gamey gestures and moves It's going to be again。

 lack of agenda this be more subtle， it's gonna be you know it's gonna to have an inception。

 which we've already talked about narrative is gonna have all these different other positive qualities about it So it's not necessarily that it should surprise you that social proof fits into attraction。

 which we've already talked about and fits into narrative。

 that should be pretty obvious but this is a reminder for you that it's very easy to get into the very direct how do I get from A to B and then B to C and then C to D and think very linearing game instead of also considering not just what's the fastest way necessarily or the most direct and in my direct control way。

 but is there a better way I there a better way to convey convey attraction than through an overt gamey move。

 Can I do it through。Social Pro did can I do it through a more honest signal instead so that's just something to keep in mind something I want you to think about when you are thinking about narrative。

 especially again if you're getting to an intermediate level where you're getting enough kind of emotional spikes that the girl's not bored in in your interactions she knows it's manda woman but maybe you're being a little too obvious is there a less direct。

 less obvious thing you could do that will actually be far better。

