# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：3 - 升级阶梯 - 2个向前1个向后_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Okay， so now you have a rough game plan。 You have an idea of the things you're gonna say ideally one after another that will lead you to sex or to a relationship。

 and they should be such that if you're able to say those things and the girl agrees with them or even doesn't disagree with them by the nature of the communication that will almost mean that it has moved two sex that's the nature of what a verbal escalation ladder or an escalation ladder in general should be so you have this idea of the things you'd like to accomplish。

 Now how do you go about doing it。 Well， I'm gonna give you kind of two formats for it。

 The first one in this video is what I call two steps forward and one step back and it's probably the easiest format to understand。

 it's what I think you should use as a beginner or an intermediate in implementing this plan。

 The idea of two steps forward and one step back is that rather than just blindly escalating as fast as you can which tends to be pushy。

 it tends to be obvious， it tends to come off like you have an agenda etc。

 instead what you should do is literally what it says two steps forward to one step back。

 And I'm going illustrate this first with a physical。

G kind of an idea because it's easier to understand in a physical context。

 And then I'm going to use that metaphorically to explain the verbal game aspect。 So physically。

 two steps forward， one step back， maybe if your moves are， you know， you know。

 put your arm around her a shoulder and give her a light hug。 And then the next one is like。

I dont know。 put your hand on her knee briefly while you're making a point or something like that。

 two very simple， very notinted moves But you're gone from no physical escalation to those light physical escalation moves。

 Well， so you do a first move， good positive response， No problem。 you do the second move。

 positive response。 And then instead of pushing through it to your third move。

 which is maybe I don't know， like brushing her hair out of her face or is like taking her by the hand or who knows what your third move is。

 But instead of doing your third move right away， you might want to give it a little bit of a time。

 And instead of also keeping your hand on her thigh you just sitting there。

 you want to back off Sha out have a normal conversation。 and then you can reescalate again。

 And the idea is this once you've escalated to a certain level， you can escalate again to that level。

 So once you've done a particular physical move。 once you've hugged it girl once， it's very easy。

 it's not a risk to hug her again。 And the reason this makes a lot of sense to illustrate in a physical way is that the physical move is the same each time。

 like a hug is a hug。 that doesn't exactly parallel to verbal game。 because in verbal game。

 you're not gonna。The same exact thing each time。 But what you're still gonna do is another thing that's of a similar level of escalation。

 So again， when you did your sort of escalation ladder。

 if you have a few moves that are kind of at a similar level of escalation。

 what you might do it might be useful to have a few of those。

 So maybe you escalate to I'm just gonna arbitrarily assign like zero to like completely platonic and tend to like having sex with the girl So if you did some move that's like a level four move a little bit mandowo but not super risky or something like that and you just escalated up to that relatively quickly。

 what you might do is take a pause back off even even deescalate to something a little more chit chatty and then you can escalate again to that point and say something that's equally as risky or slightly more risky later So this idea if you go two steps forward one step back two steps forward one step back So you're never just directly escalating and you're never trying to like force escalation or escalate past a level that the girl is comfortable with the other thing that's nice is when you actually deescalate when you actually pull away。

 you do that step back if the girl was enjoying。Step you're at。

 she's gonna feel that you step back and she's gonna like miss it。 She's gonna miss the escalation。

 she's gonna miss the attention and she's gonna wish for you to do it more。

 And so even if she was ready for that next step， even if you step1。

 step two and's ready for step3 by backing it off to step1 chilling for a second and then going two to3 afterwards you're going to leave little gap you're going remind her let acknowledge that she wanted more and you're gonna make her super super comfortable because she knows she gave you permission for more and you didn't take it so that's the same idea you want to do in physical game。

 it can be literally the same escalation you go back to it wouldn't always have could just be something same level but in verbal game you're not gonna say the same thing again obviously what you will do though is something else that's equally escalated and the point I want to make to you're not just blindly escalating forward as fast as you can you're escalating to a point where you feel there might be some resistance and then hopefully before you get that resistance。

 you're backing off that's the idea escalates to the point you get resistance and then back off you get resistance and back。

Or better yet the point before you get resistance and back off so that at kind of a beginner or intermediate level and as a general model of how escalation should work is the way in which you want to be escalating push it a little bit takes some risks back off chill and go back to it。

 this is a topic we call an idea we call fraction。 I think I've mentioned this earlier。

 but fractionating if I haven't mentioned it earlier is basically the idea that you're doing something gamey and then you're backing off to normal conversation。

 doing something game me backing off to normal conversation。

 it makes it so that you are escalating at a fast enough and you're actually doing game。

 But at the same point're at the same time you're not being weird or you're being like a caricature of a player or anything like that you're still being a normal guy So this fractionation idea is very very useful。

 two steps forward one step back great in physical escalation also great in verbal escalation。

 although it's not exactly the same from one to the next。

