# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：4.心态 什么是拒绝（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Next mental I want you to have is I want you to understand what a rejection is and what a rejection isn't。

 If you walk up to a girl and you say hi and talk to her for 10 seconds and she rejects you。

 She didn't really reject you。 You know why she doesn't know you yet。

 She doesn't know who you are and what you've done in your life。

 She doesn't know your accomplishment。 she doesn't know your personality。

 She doesn't know any of that。 All she knows is a 10 second sample of your behavior in one particular context at one particular moment filtered through her personal experience at that moment。

 It's nothing like an actual representation of you。 So if you get a rejection。

 You got a rejection of your opener or rejection based on how the girl feels in that moment。

 you as a person did not get rejected。 It' very important to understand it。

 very important to understand that rejection is not a reflection on you。

 And just to kind of highlight this。 I've had many situations。 Not a few。

 but many situations where a girl actually rejected me early in the night。

 And then I talked to her again later in the night。And then she went home with me。 Okay。

 that's happened multiple times like， you know， more times than I can count off the top of my head without really thinking it through。

 It's not an uncommon thing。Alright， so understand like clearly。

 what I wasn't good enough for her to even talk to early in the night。

 And I was good enough for her to sleep with later in the night。 It doesn't even make sense。

 It's just a different context。 It's a different situation。 So please， please。

 please understand if you do get a rejection。 It's not a rejection of you。 And actually， in a way。

 And we'll get to this in one of the other mentalities， but a rejection is not really a bad thing。

 It's a learning experience on top of everything else。

