# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 5第五周（评估）：2 - 如何评估：2 - 挑逗（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Short of flat out asking a girl to qualify yourself。

 another very powerful technique that you can use that gets a lot of qualification when it works is to challenge or tease the girl。

 and this is actually in general a much better technique than flat out asking because it gets almost as big a reaction if not as big a reaction as flat out asking does but it's a lot more subtle which means that it appears a lot less gamey。

 it's a lot less cheesy and try hard and also if it doesn't work。

 the consequences are almost nothing as compared to consequences being very， very dire。

So like teasing or testing something might be， for example。

 let's say that you've just said that you're very into the gym or something like that。

 you might look at it be like you do work out right， something like that。

 or maybe you want to qualify a girl and whether she's adventurous you might say wait。

 you're not one of those type of girls that has to schedule time to schedule your schedule and plan everything six months in advance you're challenged her on that kind of stuff and because you're sort of teasing because you're sort of taking a perspective even if she is like oh actually I am pretty organized。

 it's not like she denied the overt attempt you made to qualify her。

 she just happened to you asked a factual or informative question。

 she gave information on the topic So you're motivating her strongly to try and come up to your challenge。

 you'retivating her strongly to try and fall into the frame that would make you would potentially make you like her or make for a more more sort of congenial interaction interaction where you guys are more on the same page and if the girl likes you she's likely to do。

That so in the same way that when you flat out， ask girl to qualify， the more she likes you。

 the more likely she's to do it if the girl likes you more and you challenge her。

 she's more likely to you come up to the challenge or at least try and fulfill the challenge or impress press you but again when it doesn't work it's much less of a big deal so this is the type of qualifying I like to do the most back in the day again 2002 2004 when it was like the thing everybody did I did the flat out what do you have going for you beside you looks type of qualifier and it did work a lot of the time and when it worked big but it also failed a lot since I switched over to challenging and teasing as my form of qualification oftentimes the qualification。

 it takes a few questions to get there and it happens a little bit slower but the percentage of the time that it happens is massively massively higher and also when it does happen the girl doesn't feel like she's been gamed she doesn't feel like somebody did something to her she just feels like it just happened it wasn't a big deal etc so this is a much more natural way to go about the process it's a better experience for you。

Experience for her and it has a lot less probability of going wrong so this is actually my preferred approach over flat out asking Now if you've already done this successfully a few times and she's shown a clear propensity that she really does like you and wants to impress you at that point go ahead and flat out ask because it's very likely to work and it gets an even stronger reaction but this is in general a better format in my experience。

