# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：02.打开-收尾模式：6.收尾【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Closing is pretty much what it sounds like。 It's getting the desired result for the interaction and that can vary based on interaction。

 Sometimes it's getting relationship， having sex， getting a number， getting a date。

 whatever that close is but closing is the important part of the interaction in the sense that everything else before it without it is meaningless And most guys do not close enough or hard enough。

 they do not try to close。 so many times guys will have great interactions and they don't just say at the end。

 hey， it was nice talking to what's your number and not even though that's the best close in the world。

 But the point is that they don't even ask you need to be closing。

 and you to be conducting and structuring your entire interaction with the close in mind。

 You need to be structuring it with the idea that this is meant to be closed。

 It's not just meant to be a fun interaction for its own sake。

 It's not just meant to be like10 minutes of like passing the time。

 there is an actual output in mind because once you have closing in mind。 you can start。

Evaluating whether one interaction was good or bad， right， whether you got a number or not。

 one got a number， the other didn't， the one you got a number is clearly better than one where you didn't One girl came on a date with you。

 the other one didn't。The one that came on a date with you clearly was a better interaction than the one that didn't。

 So this this makes your game measurable in terms of learning。

 and it also gets you a result in terms of the real world。

 A lot of what I teach in game is very focused on the process。

 focus on the beauty and the elegance and doing things right。

 but fundamentally game is about being effective。 And so everything else without closing is meaningless without the clubs。

😊，Allright， in terms of that and in terms of a verbal game， verbal game is all about being effective。

 it's all about the subtle little nuances that make something either work or not work。

 And so we're gonna talk a lot about the closing phase。

 We're gonna have a whole whole week devoted to closing。 So we'll talk a ton about that。

 I'm not gonna go into too much depth in terms of explaining the system model because I think it kind of is what it sounds like。

 you kind of have an idea of what closing is when I say the term closing。

 you're gonna know what I mean。 So we're not gonna go too much more in depth about it here。

 But the big thing to take away from this is that you always want to have closing and mind。

 understand that game is about end of the day， it's about being effective is about getting particular result that you want in your dating life in in your sex life。

 So keep that in mind at all times。 if you start doing game without a focus on closing or doing game with too much of。

 it's all about the experience and you get away from that。

 You're gonna fundamentally start doing poorly in your game。😊。

