# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：2.原因（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So where does approach anxiety come from？ Well， in order to understand approach anxiety。

 you have to first kind of understand how we evolved as humans and where we came from。

 And the modern world is not a good sort of reference for that。

 Imagine if you lived in a small tribe of， I don't know，30 to00 people， something like that。

 And you're going to see the same people almost every day for your entire life。

 they're going to know you very well。 And anything you ever do wrong will be remembered for the rest of your life。

 Also， in that tribal environment， your reputation。

 your status is going be much more determined on your actions than on your words。

 So that means that things you do verbally and socially taking big risks， for example。

 is much more likely to have a big downside than to have a big upside。

 And so it makes sense to be reconcered。 it makes sense not to take risks in that environment。

 And so biologically， we're sort of programmed that way。

 that doesn't necessarily make sense now in essentially a tribe of 7 billion people where we kind of live now。

 But understand in that tribal environment， there was。hugee incentive to not take risk。

 There's a huge incentive to not mess things up and a huge disincentive or not a huge disincentive。

 not a lot of upside for taking big social risks， trying to make big impressions。

 those kind of things。 so that's where we came from and in that environment。

 having some approaching anxiety， holding your tongue do like not approaching stranger because there's no such thing as a stranger would would make a lot of sense。

 And if you ever did actually meet a genuine stranger in that environment。

 it could potentially be a dangerous experience where you wouldn't want to say the wrong thing either So it comes from a very natural place in terms of that。

 The other place that approach anxiety comes from is very much our own ego and our own sort of idea of self Most men don't want to admit that they could ever have a problem approaching a woman。

 every man wants to kind of believe that he could approach a woman。

 believe that he knows what to say that kind of thing。

 but when you actually put it on the line when you actually go up and talk to a girl。

 you're risking that belief。 You're allow。For evidence that might contradict that story we want to tell yourself。

 and especially as a beginner when you kind of deep down know you're not that great and you know you don't know how to do an approach in that context。

 it can be very， very scary because it can be damaging to the ego So having the idea or the mentality that talking to a girl in her perception of you is going to influence your value as a man or influence your social value can be very damaging and very difficult in terms of approach is important to understand and approach for what it is which is you know just a quick conversation and not much more than that if you try and read too much into it or think that it you know is some kind of reflection of you as a human being。

 that's when it's gonna be problematic and just to kind of emphasize this point。

 I'll tell you about as an advanced person like someone who's been doing it for a really long time。

 one of the few times I will actually get something resembling like legitimate approach anxiety ironically right after doing something really good。

 So say for example， one day I go out and。I basically take home like the hottest girl in the bar。

Oftentimes， I don't really get like strong approach anxiety。

 but I'll get something resembling approach anxiety again the next day I go out because in my mind。

 I am the guy who pulled the hottest girl in the bar。 That's my ego in my validation。

 my sense around game。 that's my last approach。 And in a sense。

 you're kind of as good as your last approach And so I look at the next approach。 And I'm like well。

 even if it goes the best it possibly could， she's not as hot as the girl who I took home yesterday。

 So where's the upside。 And then if I get blown out。

 I get a rejection in terms of ego in terms of selfperception， there's a clear downside。

 And so in that situation， even a guy who doesn't inherently have approach anxiety might have some。

 right So this just highlights the idea that you don't want to be identifying the approach as something that is a marker of your true value as a guy。

 whether or not you get rejected on a particular approach does not have to do with whether you're a worthy person。

 It just has to do with how that approach went。 And a lot to do with what mood the girls in or what situation you met the girl in。

 So there's a little two things to areas where approach anxiety can come from One is sort of。

That tribal history and the biological roots and the other is the roots of you thinking that your approach or how the girl perceives you is really identifying you know your value as a man。

 So those are the two causes， let's get into how we can deal with it going forward。

