# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：10.柔和性（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next way that you can adjust the intensity of teas is through what I call softeners and softeners can be verbal or non-verbal。

 but basically it's anything that sort of like makes it less harsh。

 anything that kind of mitigates the degree。 So for example。

 if I said you and I are not going get along as an adamant statement or I said。

 you know what I'm not entirely sure that we're necessarily going get along that not entirely sure and necessarily these are softening statements。

 are things that qualify the statement， they give they make it less absolute。

 they make it less harsh make it seem like there's more wiggle room in it So being less adamans and giving these softening words can help Another thing that they can help is if the source of the teas is maybe from another place So maybe girls from a particular place and you're gonna give give her teas are about the type of girls from that place or teas are about know how she must have grown up in that place or something like that and you might think that's maybe an offensive teas So you don't want to say it So you don't say it as you So maybe you say you know I read in the newspaper that or。

My friend told me that or you know I knew a girl once who was from there and she right So instead of making it directly about her。

 you're softening it by distancing it from you， distancing it from her and softening this situation right so maybe perhaps is third parties saying the thing any of those things are going to soften it by adding it in you can also soften things nonverbally So for example。

 if you're giving someone something of a harsh tease where you're kind of giving like a playful squeeze on the shoulder at the time。

 it makes it more clear it's playful it makes it more clear it's affectionate than if you're give that same harsh teas while turning your back to them and kind of scowling at them So there are ways nonverbally to soften as well but you have to understand that the same line can be delivered in infinite number of different ways so you could say for example the line you and I would not get along differently to every single girl you meet for the rest of your life in theory more or less harsh。

 more or less softened timed out differently etc。 So I want you to be aware of this。

 be aware of these softeners and understand that。A tease is not harsh or not harsh just on its surface。

 it really does matter the context and the softenerers used。

