# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：2.接近角度：6.嘈杂的环境（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So what we've just discussed in terms of seated girls， standing girls， moving girls。

 that all applies to both day game and night game， but applies probably a little more to day game where it's easy to talk and you can have like full conversations。

 that kind of stuff。 same principles apply in night game。

 But there's another factor that's an overwhelming consideration in certain nighttime venues。

 which is volume， like volume and energy。 So， for example， in a loud environment。

 especially a loud environment where girls are dancing。 there's a much higher energy。

 And there are certain things that you need to do to adjust。😊。

First one is that you need to be willing to be and able to be a whole lot louder。

 Best game in the world doesn't mean anything if she can't hear you and not hearing you doesn't just mean like completely unable to unable to hear you。

 If she has to keep saying， I can't hear you。 what are you saying and you have to keep repeating yourself。

 every single time you repeat yourself， it makes you seem try hard。

 it makes it seem like you have more agenda， because if it's hard to talk to her why are you putting so much effort in。

 All right， So you need to be loud。Also in any environment， nighttime or daytime， being loud conveys。

 it communicates that you are confident what you're saying。

 and you believe that what you're saying has merit and should be heard。

 And so there's a message being conveyed there。 there's interesting phenomenon。 I live in New York。

 If you go around New York to like a lot of the nighttime venues。

 There'll be guys on like the street corners， and you'll walk by Co Co Molly。

 They're trying to like sell you drugs basically on the street corner， but they talk really quietly。

 Why do they talk quietly because you wouldn't want to be Co Molly。

 you wouldn't want to be like loud like that when you're trying to sell drugs because you're doing something shady。

 A lot of guys in order to make it not awkward when talking to girls， They actually talk quietly。

 But the funny thing is it has the opposite effect。 by talking quietly。

 they're conveying that they're ashamed of what they're saying or there's something shady going on。

 It actually makes things more awkward。 so funny enough， the attempt to make it not awkward。

 makes it awkward。 Whereas if you just spoke loudly and with assurance that would be the thing that would make it not awkward。

That applies as a message in all all of game being louder。

 but especially in a nightclub where you literally can't be hurt unless you're loud。

 you had better be loud。 Also， it's okay to get close to the girl's ear so she can hear you because you may not be able to may be impossible to hear you in certain very loud venues without doing that。

 So it gives you permission to do that Also in a lot of loud venues。 there's a dance floor。

 there's a lot of people closely packed together。 people are bumping into each other。

 touching people intentionally or accidentally very， very often So in that environment。

 you have a lot more permission， a lot more leeway for bumping into the girl。

 getting physical dancing with a girl right away， hugging a girl early on in the interaction is' just a more physical environment。

 It's an environment where that's just a more natural thing to have happen。

 So I'm not suggesting that you be again， like forcefully physical or be physical with anyone who's not receiving being receptive to being physical。

 but you know girls are being bumped into in nightclubs the physicality is not as big of a deal in that environment as it would be in a day game environment。

Right， so the point is， you need to do a little bit more to have your open notice。

 you need to be louder and you need to be heard， really。

 The other thing is in a very loud environment， even if you are speaking loudly。

 it's inherently hard to hear you。 it's inherently hard for the girl to communicate back。

 And so what you want to be doing is just having the simplest form of communication possible。

 So instead of expressing something in like full detail with deep like emotional resonance and long winded。

 that's very hard to do over music when you know she maybe is gonna miss hearing every third word you say anyway。

 instead， just cut to the chase and say the major message。 So maybe in while in day game， you might。

 for example， say something like， you know， it's funny when I first talk to you。

 I thought you were this way。 But then later on， I realize you were this way。

 and it's funny because in my experience this and this and this。 maybe in night game。

 the version of that is， you know， part of me loves you， but part of me kind of hates you。

Same kind of message。 There's a push pull。 There's this tension over whether you like her or not。

 but you're really cutting it down to its essence。 You're doing what I call speaking in sound bites。

 right， instead of like having a long winded explanation。

 you're speaking in the shortest possible sound bait to convey the message。Now。

 when you are in a night game environment， oftentimes。

 nightclubs will have a loud area and then they'll have a quieter area。

 you can by all means once things are going well， Take the girl to the quieter area and have a more in depthth conversation。

 and get to know her。 but you don't want to be doing that in that loud environment。

 So what do you do in the loud parts of a nightclub and like the dance floor loud areas。

 One be louder to speak sound bites be louder， get her attention speaking sound bites。

 And also you can get closer to her and even get a little bit more physical more quickly because it's more acceptable in that kind of an environment。

 So that's how you approach in those loud environments。

 in a dance floor environment where it's loud and the girl might be dancing。

 you need to make a decision whether or not to dance with the girl on the open。

 I don't personally recommend doing dancing separately with the girl like she's dancing。

 you're dancing and you're kind of away from her and can't talk to her that's usually not very productive for getting to know her But if it's an environment where people are dancing together or where you can put out a hand。

 she'll receive your hand。😊，You can start actually dancing with her， like， for example。

 things like a salsa club where dancing is a big thing by all means starting a conversation with dancing and then talking while dancing is completely fine。

 On the other hand， if you're bad at dancing or don't like dancing。

 or it's a club where just dancing isn't really a mandatory thing you can absolutely open on the dance floor without dancing。

 just by being assertive， fun， loud， those kind of things。

 you just need to be more engaging than whatever else is going on。

 So dancing is one way to be stimulating， engaging。

 but having a loud voice being verbally expressive and having facial expressions and body expressions that are engaging。

 that can do it too you do not necessarily have to dance。😊。

