# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：2.接近角度：3.站立_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

After sitting， the next easiest kind of scenario where you're gonna find a girl is where shes just standing and standing is not quite as easy as sitting because in a seated situation。

 the girl is really committed to a location， it'd be a lot for her to get up and leave And in fact。

 even if you do a bad approach on a seated approach。

 The girl probably wants you to leave rather than her just kind of on principle。

 So you have really a bought an amount of time。 where of the girl standing。

 it is a lot easier for her to walk away。 but it's still a situation where she's not really doing。

 She's not in a hurry。 She's not clearly going anywhere。

 So you probably have a decent amount of time to talk to her。

 And you have to do a little bit less to get her attention because she's not。

 what I call the momentum of the set。 she doesn't have a strong momentum towards doing anything。

 She's kind of like passive at the moment。 So standing approach is is the next easiest。

 And a standing approach actually involves like less technically than a seated approach。

 Most of what you're gonna do a standing approach is kind of common sense。 So first thing is。

where you're gonna talk to her。 you don't want to be super， super close。

 Yout be right up in her face where you're almost touching her on the approach that can be a bit invasive。

 And what's the narrative there。 it's a narrative of like this is very like intimate and maybe uncomfortable too early and that indicates that that you don't have a lot of social acuity。

 It indicates that you're maybe like on the aggressive side It's a lot of things that might be offput right at the very get go。

 you don't want to stand too close。 You also don't want to stand too far away。

 because that would indicate sort of that you're clearly not together， maybe you're timid。

 It also will tend to be the case if you stand too far apart。

 especially in a social environment or something that other people will walk between you。

 which just emphasizes that idea that you're not actually together that it was a cold approach。

 You want to stand at just a normal， typical speaking distance similar to the distance you'd stand if you were speaking to a front。

 pretty selfexplanatory， but worth mentioning。Now， the biggest thing that I see you guys do wrong in standing approaches is standing in the same place too long。

 especially places that aren't particularly social。

 So if you were at at like a bar and you're standing。

 leaning against the bar or standing at a table or something like that。

 you can stand leaning at a table， stand at the bar for quite some time because that's a social environment。

 So in that case， standing with the girl isn't so bad。

 it would still be better in a sense to go sit down or to get somewhere more comfortable。

 But standing there is not too weird。 But imagine in a day game scenario where you meet a girl on maybe a street corner。

 she she's like waiting at a stoplight， you go say hi to And then you stay there through one cycle of light。

 another cycle of light， another cycle keeps turning red and green and red and green and red and green and you're standing there。

 a certain point， It's very awkward that you're still standing there。 And at a certain point。

 you wouldn't be doing that with a friend。 If you were with a friend talking in that situation。

 you would either be like， hey， you know what， let's just go grab a coffee or you'd be like。

 which where you're going， Let's walk and talk。 You wouldn't。😊，Stay just standing。

 And so the fact that you're staying standing talking to a stranger again。

 similar to in the seated example， you're emphasizing that it was a cold approach。

 You're highlighting this is the place where you're met。

 We're still in that place where you met And in that place were still strangers。

 As soon as that girl goes somewhere with you。 Now you're no longer totally strangers。

 Now you're two people who are together getting to know each other。

 And it doesn't even have to be a big move。 an example would be， let's say you're in a nightclub。

 you open a girl， You're here， she's there。 And maybe it's a crowded area where a lot of people are walking through and you're getting bumped into。

 Well， a great initial venue change or initial move is like， hey listen。

 a lot of people are bumping it come come over here and just pull her over like just like beck in her over to like just go over against a wall out of the way or over like against like a railing or something like that out of the way of traffic。

 So you're not getting bumped into as you talk to her。 and that does a couple things。 Numb one。

 you're not getting bumped into the entire interaction feels a lot more comfortable to her。

 But also youve again met。Mesage wise， you have established a lead。 You said， hey， let's do this。

 And she's gone along with that lead。 So the message is I'm leading your following。 The message is。

 I'm helping this be better for you。 And those are great messages。

 great narratives to have present in the interaction。 So again。

 you wouldn't stand in a situation where you wouldn't stand for a long time talking to a friend。

 you shouldn't stand for a long time talking to a stranger。

 you should look to move to a better environment。 And when are the moments when you can move。

 it's kind of similar to the moments when you can sit down。

 it's basically when the girl's somewhat committed to the conversation。

 So you wouldn't do this right away on a question， she asks you a question， they're like， oh。

 I'll tell you， but come walk with me。 that's not a good time for it。 However。

 if she is asking questions， she's telling you she's open to continuing the conversation。

 So in the back of your mind， you should be thinking I should pretty soon moved this somewhere。

 If she starts laughing preing herself like fixing her hair those kind of things， giggling。

 blushing things that show that she's emotionally reactive to in a positive way。

 then that should be a good indicator that you can move it to the。😊，Next phase。

 If she just is participating in the conversation for a bit or the conversation has gone with some back and forth。

 and she's participating in committing， that would be a good indication that you want to move it in some way。

 And again， that move can be big。 Hey， let's go grab a cup of coffee or I can be， hey， you know what。

 Let's go sit on this bench or even you know what there's a lot of people walking by here。

 Let's just step a few feet over to the side。 Any of those are really good moves。

 and they indicates right， the message is that you guys are now together rather than it being you that hit on her。

 And that's what you want to really have come across very， very quickly。

