# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：04.游戏时代：2.话术惯例时代【课程更新加微信kc58567】

When the ideas and theories of games started being openly discussed on the Internet。

 there was a huge departure from this idea that no game existed to this incredibly highly structured game where basically everything was scripted。

 See the idea was you found a few things that were working and if they worked。

 Why wouldn't you just repeat them over and over and over again。 And so you had first of all。

 the sort of speed seduction era where everybody was actually repeating these lines that were intended to almost be like script to hypnotize a girl and long stories and things like that。

 And then you got into the mystery method era you could call it of scripted game where it was more based on more interactive attraction type stuff。

 but it was again very very script is very much I tell a story that's structured down to almost the word。

 I'm interrupting at exactly the same places with exactly the same things。 And either way。

 it's almost like giving a performance。 It's like you were attracting a girl through a performance。

 almost in the way that if you look at animals in the mat kingdom。

Kind of a mating dance is's like you get up there and do a mating dance is almost the approach that was taken。

And there are some definite pros and cons to this approach that are very useful to understand in learning game。

 One major pro of this approach was that because of having something to say a lot of approach anxiety went away。

 So a lot of guys that were too afraid to talk to girls because they had a line or a script or something to say now could go ahead and do it。

 And a lot of guys who couldn't hold a conversation with girls at all。

 because they had a story or a line or a script could talk to a girl for 30 seconds， a minute。

 two minutes，3 minutes， whatever。 Even beyond that。

 a lot of guys who didn't know how to be attractive and didn't know how to even get a response from a girl。

 they learned a few can lines and all of a sudden， they were able to get girls laughing。

 get girls responding to them and is very， very encouraging and created better interactions for them。

 Also， it kept them going out。 It kept them going out and learning because they saw that this was possible。

 They saw little flashes of what was out there and that is enough to keep you motivated and to keep you on the path。

 So that was all really， really positive。 What was negative。😊。

this era of game though what was negative is this one because the things were very scripted。

 people didn't go beyond them so a lot of people just learn the routines and they would blindly repeat routines they'd heard before and they wouldn't be paying attention to the girl they wouldn't be coming up with their own routines their own material a lot of times the routines they were using was not congruent with them so they'd be telling a story。

About maybe traveling somewhere and they'd never traveled there， which is ridiculous。

 or they'd be telling a story about some sport and maybe they never played that sport。

 and they were just literally stealing lines， stealing routines。

 so it was actually very fake and very false。Even to the extent that the routines were plausibly congruent with the person。

 they weren't necessarily congruent with that person's personality。

 and so later on in game when the person started connecting with a girl expressing their own personality or having forbid they got in a relationship and she had to interact with the girl after they'd run out of routines。

 you would find out very quickly that what they were doing was not congruent。

So there was a lot of fakeness going on。 and there was a lot of like the grow would be attracted。

 but also think the guy was a little bit weird。 There's this idea。

 It's a fun funny idea It's called the Uncanny Valley。

 which is that as things get more and more human， you can actually kind of fall in love with them and feel more affinity and affection towards them。

 But if somethings really close to human but not， you actually are repulsed by it。

 And then if something gets all the way to human， you can then love it again。 So， for example。

 if you were to take like a washing machine or like a teddy bear。

 a lot of people feel a lot more affection to a teddy bear because it feels closer to human。

 It's like more animalistic。 It has eyes and a nose and those kind of things， right。

 if you go a little bit closer to maybe like a teddy bear that has a voice。

 you can maybe even love that even more。😊，If you go really， really close to human， but not quite。

 think like a corpse or a zombie。 However， you feel like it's very human。

 but you feel something off about it and you're actually deeply repulsed by it。 A lot of people。

 for example， have fear of clowns why because it's humanlike with a face pain。

 It throws them off and it can actually make people really horrified by them。

 But then you go all the way to human and it gets positive again and what a lot of people were having happen to take this uncanny uncanny Valley metaphor back to where we're at。

 a lot of people were having happen was their game was essentially in that uncanny valley。

 It was almost like an attractive person because they were faking the behavior as an attractive person。

 but they weren't actually that person And so a lot of times girls would would like it for a little bit and then get repulsed or a lot of times girls would see this incongruence and actually kind of hate it and give a lot of very negative reactions。

Also because it was incongruent it was very， very hard to keep up。

 So those were reasons to do with congruence。 However。

 even if people did kind of create their own routines。

 even if people did make things a little more congruent。

 even people were paying a little more attention。 There was another massive problem with this which was that it was kind of too good at the start。

 It was triggering a lot of really intense emotions。

 a lot of really like high spiking behavior right you'd say something that gets a huge emotional reaction you say something else gets into the huge emotional reaction and that's easy to do with canned material because canned material can be better than uncanned material can right it's practiced this rehearsed the same way the standup comedian is very good because he's practiced and rehearsed his lines。

And so you get these very big reactions， but then later on in the interaction when you're supposed to calm things down。

 it was such a stark contrast。 it was a big difference right so the girl was feeling aroused and intrigued and it was the intense emotions and now they're trying to connect with a guy and now all of a sudden it's really boring and girls don't notice necessarily the emotions they're in they notice the change of emotions。

 they notice the fact that the interaction has gotten worse over the last 20 minutes and they think that it's going to continue getting worse and they want to leave and so a lot of girls would leave when the interaction came down from that intense。

 very canned， highly emotionally relevant part to the actual connection part。

 the part that resembled a normal conversation so guys would lose girls in comfort a lot。

The other thing that would happen a lot is that there was incongruence again in the transition because in order to get a traction。

 a lot of these routines were designed around no hey hands off the merchandise you and I wouldn't get along things that are pushing the girl away and then all of a sudden you're like oh wait I like you now and you want to connect and without a good transition without a strong like reasonable transition it seems incongruent think of it from the girl's experience This guy's high value and doesn't care about me I don't know if I can get him wait all of a sudden he's like an emotional sap and like super into me and why did that happen it just seems weird it just doesn't work and it makes the girls lose attraction。

So basically， when you are doing this this very。Structured。

 incredibly highly canned kind of rigid structure， there's some issues that happen one there's no adjustment in calibration two you have to it's very hard to keep up the energy and if you don't keep up the energy。

 you're going to lose the girl， at least unless you've structured that into the interaction which most people don't。

3， you can run out of routines， run out of things to say Another big thing that would happen is that guys didn't actually develop their own confidence。

 They developed confidence in the routines， but not in themselves。

 So as long as they had a routine that had been vouched for by somebody else or a routine they'd used before。

 then they'd be like okay I have confidence I can use that routine as soon as they had to come up with something on their own。

 they'd be like oh， it's not good enough， I'm not good enough etc。

 and they were kind of trying to hold the things that came out of their mouth to the same standards of the routine and they almost had to because they had to match what they'd done before。

 And so they would start to falter。There are also a lot of guys。

 even some of the top guys that were doing this， that were really good at the first 30 minutes or first hour or even first two hours of the interaction。

 but then afterwards it would drop off once they ran out of routines。

So there are always all these congruence errors， all these sort of like running out of material errors。

 all these sort of ideas that the game was good， but you yourself were not becoming an attractive person。

 and then beyond that some people found it hard to memorize routines Also some people found they felt very。

 very fake when delivering routines and it just wasn't fun for them and to be fair having the same conversation over and over again does feel very fake and isn't very fun。

 So these were all issues with that canned routine style。 However。

 what was really good about it was again， it was it enabled people who couldn't approach to approach。

 it enabled people to get into good interactions and get some practice that those interactions。

 even if they weren't very good。 The other thing is it was very powerful because it was canned and scripted because you could be really on point with your lines and your responses the capability you had to get the absolute hottest girls was there。

 Now it was very inconsistent because of the congruence issues but you did have the possibility of getting the absolute hottest girls。

Oh sorry。 One final thing to end on。 One other error or one other major problem guys had with this canscripted routine stuff was that it tended to make it very hard to escalate。

 at least the canned routines that were very push away， push away， push away because imagine this。

 Hey， hands off the merchandise。 Hey， we're gonna get along and then you get physical with the girl。

 Wait what that doesn't make any sense。 Why would you be getting physical with her if you're not gonna get along。

 So that was a major congruence issue as well。So in essence。Powerful， yes， congruent， no consistent。

 no authentic， absolutely not， but it was very powerful and it did get a lot of good early reactions。

 It allowed guys to get to a place where they could experience what was possible in game and maybe get encouraged and maybe stay with game long enough to get really good on their own。

