# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：16.复盘（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So to recap frame control， basically， if I were to put in a nutshell。

 I would say this there are overt facts in any situation。 There are things that are explicitly true。

 but those facts are interpreted。 everybody has a perspective。

 there's his hers and the truth but everybody has a perspective and having the right perspective。

 useful perspective， positive perspectives， perspectives that allow for fun and adventure and being sexy as opposed to being serious。

 these are all critically important to game。 And so to the extent that you can understand frame control both for yourself for the girl and for the good of the interaction。

 you're going to do a lot better in game。 And again， these are incredibly powerful techniques。

 so use them wisely use them with caution。 but by doing them the right way。

 you are going to have way better relationships and way better sex and way better interactions than you would otherwise。

 I also do want to point out， I've said this sort of subtly funny enough。

 I've said this as an undertone in a lot of the things that I've said but subtlety really。

subtlettlety really matters if you're trying to do overt frame control。

 you're trying to say this is the right way。 This is my way。 I'm gonna have an argument with you。

 that is not gonna work。 One is not gonna be effective in terms of getting the frame across as there's gonna be a lot of resistance to it。

 But two， it's not gonna be effective in terms of making things fun or making you come across as cool or even normal。

 All frame control should be subtle and frame control should be positive。

 It's a lot easier to get someone to follow a frame that is fun for them and positive for them and makes your life better than it is to get someone to follow a negative frame that is is put on them in a forceful way。

 People resist that very strongly。 You're gonna get a lot of people not liking you if you do that and you're gonna get a lot of like blowback and toxicity and those kind of things。

 So please do frame control subtly and do frame control in the right way for the right purpose。

