# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：02.推拉_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The first format we're gonna get into is the push pull。

 and this really is the core idea of flirtation of teasing。

 which is you have a positive and a negative。 In fact。

 when we go through a lot of the other techniques， you'll see elements of push pull throughout in them。

 You'll see little elements of positive and negative。 This is the typical。

 I don't know if you've seen like the old cartoons from like the 1950s I'm not that old but I've seen them but it's basically the girl like pulling out the flag like he loves me。

 he loves me not， he loves， he loves me or not， this idea of the tension between whether you actually like the girl or not。

 or whether you actually bought into the girl or not And so because there is that tension because she doesn't 100% know because there's both positive and negative emotional spikes。

 it keeps it very engaging。 It keeps it very emotionally relevant。

 And it makes her want to win you over， want to impress you。 It attracts her。 to just say that。

 key thing with a push pull you don't want to deliver it in a way that is just said。

leave some tension right so like a comedian setting something up and then having a punch line。

 he sets up one expectation and then he changes it on you and that surprise。

 that sudden change is what makes it funny with the push pull that's what makes it effective。

 So if you just like kind of blandly say something it won't really work。

 I'll give you examples of the lines and then I'll explain this phenomenon as well so I'm gonna give you some examples of some common push pull lines you can use Obviously there are an infinite number of these。

 but these are some trieddent tested kind of field field。

Field tested lines that have worked over and over again for the better part of two decades。

 So you can trust that they're gonna to work for you。 First one is， I love you， but I hate you right。

 you know， I really love you， but I just kind of hate you。 or there's part of me that loves you。

 part of me that hates you is probably a better version of it。 But this whole idea， I love you。

 but I hate you。 I like you， but I don't like you。 I love that。

 but actually not anything along those lines。 It's the most core basic type of push pull you can possibly have。

 and it gets right to the heart of it。Next 1 is I thought I loved you until you said that or you were you were so cool until you just blew it by doing that。

 It's another， again， push pull of you had me and then you lost me。 So again。

 pretty clear on the formatter。 Third example I'm gonna give you is a little bit subtle and that's intentional。

 The example is you just lost a point for that。 Now， you might ask me， Todd， why is that a push pull。

 Why isn't that just because it't wheres the positive， It's just a negative statement。

 you just lost a point。 Well， the positive spike is that there was a point to lose in the first place。

 So you just you just decreased yourself in my eyes。 It is somewhat negative。 In fact。

 it's entirely negative on its surface， But the fact that there was something there to decrease。

 and there's still， is something because decreased doesn't mean lost everything。

 It still has that positive。 So it's a bit subtle， but it has both kind of both within it。

 And actually， in the real world， a lot of your push pulls are gonna to be subtle there honestly be this explicit。

😊，I like you， but I hate you， right， A lot of them might be more on the negative side。

 but the negative implies the positive。 be like， I like you much less now， again。

 implies that I I did like you more before I do still like you some like， wow。

 you totally redeemed yourself with that when I was getting a little worried about you again。

 that's fully positive， except it implies that before it was negative， right。

 So there's a lot of subtlety potentially in these as well。

 They don't have to be as explicit and overt as just saying the thing。 also， again， deliveryator。

 though， right， So。Like I thought I loved you until you said that or be like。

 I absolutely love the fact that you made such an ass of yourself。That's when we're good delivery。

 right， I absolutely love the fact that that was so embarrassing for you But if you just said that blulandntly。

 I actually love the fact that that was so emrassing for you。 it doesn't work。

 You have to actually have some inflection， have some pauses， have some setup to it。

 And a great thing to do for delivery on pushhole lines to learn how to deliver them better。

 Watch standup comedians。 specifically watch standup comedians who have a set and punch style of delivery。

 The ones who set up that they're going in one direction， and they surprise you after the fact。

 one guy who I happen to know off the top of my head who's a little bit offensive。

 but I think a good comedian and does set up punch for sure is Anthony Jessonk。

 So he has a very set punch type of humor in a lot of his jokes where he sets you up to expect one thing and then he surprises and shocks you。

 and that's what makes it funny。😊。