# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：19 - 蓝图简介_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So we've gone into some depth about this topic of narrative。

 but there is one other related topic that is very。

 very important that kind of they're almost inseparable narrative and that other topic is blueprint。

 blueprint is the girl's particular view of the world。

 the experiences that have made her hope made her her basically what is unique about the girl is her blueprint and this can be a lot of different factors。

 things like how she was raised， things like past experiences with guys。

 things like how educated she is， things like whether she's always been beautiful or shes kind of ugly duckling that blosssomed later。

 all of these different things， her cultural history， etc ceter are going to influence it。

 And obviously the narrative that's going to work best with a girl will interact with her blueprint。

 if she's been brought up with a certain value system。

 certain narratives are going to be more effective and more attractive to her。

 whereas with a different value system she's been brought up with other narratives might be the more attractive ways to go。

 So these two ideas are kind of inseparable。 And I'm not gonna go into blueprint in depth right here but within this course there is。

A section on blueprint and there's like some materials directly related to blueprint。

 So I encourage you now that you've been through the narrative。

 if you haven't looked at the stuff on blueprint， go check that out because narrative and blueprint like I said。

 they interact and they're almost inseparable。 So once you know about narrative blueprint is gonna make more sense once you know about blueprint narrative is gonna make more sense and the two kind of come together to form the bedrock of what the relationship is。

 you look at relationship as a negotiation right she has who she is coming into the relationship all her past experiences。

 which is her blueprint and then you and she together have the narrative of what's been created in the relationship and that's kind of gonna to piece together to form what you are So I just wanted to make you very aware of that sort of marriage between the two and how absolutely critical they are and to refer you to go check out the stuff on blueprint within the course because you're gonna find it very very relevant in conjunction with this idea of narrative。

