# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 5第五周（评估）：2 - 如何评估：5 - 赋格（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So why should you let her win？ Why should you let her kind of successfully qualify to you Well。

 at some point， you're gonna to need to Game is a win-win endeavor。

 The final result is that you both kind of agree that you like each other and you're both you're both happy you're both together If you never let the girl when you keep pushing her away and pushing her away and pushing her away。

 That's not gonna be fun for the girl。 It could be like bad for her selfestteem。

 And if it seems like she just can't win if there's no light at the end of the tunnel。

 she may give up and stop trying。 she may even just walk away in frustration。

 So you need to let the girl win。 remember game is a winwin thing game is not about you winning in her losing。

 It's very important to always remember game is win win， you have to let her win。

 you have to give her a chance at some point。 So eventually it's what you need to do。 Also。

 if the girl is trying hard to win you over。 then she's indicated that what she needs。

 maybe is some comfort some affection from you。 so give her what she needs。

And the more strongly she is trying to win you over， the more likely it is that you should let her。

 the more positive the interaction has been up to that point。

 the more likely it is that you should just let her win you over。On the other hand。

 if a girl is very feisty like very kind of like teasy flirty shit tessie that sort of thing and especially if there's been a lot of bancher back and forth and maybe even like a sort of like combative you and I win kind of frame letting her win too easily is a bit incongruent right it's like almost like you've been like kind of playfully sparring or fighting kind of flirting back and forth throughout the interaction then all of a sudden you just become this marshmal like oh I love you you're so amazing it doesn't make sense it's incongruent also it's the opposite of what the girl liked about you in the first place right。

Secondly， even like feist this aside and whatnot， if the girl is barely qualifying herself to you sometimes by pushing away or like giving her a hard time on the qualification。

 you can get like a deeper qualification， a deeper connection that's actually a lot more meaningful and then you can let her win so sometimes you need to have her actually like she's like 10% bought in maybe get her 5060% bought in and then can then you can let her win again the end goal is to let her win the end goal is everybody wins。

 everybody has a positive experience， everybody likes each other and everybody feels good about themselves that is the end goal but sometimes if there's a little bit of a process to get there。

So oftentimes what you want to do is a little bit of both and so in terms of attraction we mentioned the push pull which is being positive and negative you can also push pulling qualification this is oftentimes the right answer right so maybe you're very impressed but not completely impressed right so maybe you're like wow that's really impressive Id like。

Props to you。 and then she like seems very happy like hey。

 don't let it go to your head we still have only just bad take it easy So you're kind of tempering it。

 you're kind of indicating you're winning me over， but you haven't won me over entirely And what this does is actually great because it's good for her experience even so she gets to win you over。

 She gets to feel good about it， but she also feels like that sexual attention still exists which exciting for her fun for her and then she gets to win you over again and feel good about it again as opposed to if she just won you all over in one little go like I said before it would feel fake and not congruent and not real but two she's feeling less good emotions by metering out the good emotions a little bit by having her win you over and have to actually work for it when she does it's going to feel better。

 she's gonna value it more etc。 And one thing I want to point out with all these it's very good to be honest for a lot of reasons number one。

 honesty just generally is good in games gonna give you integrity is going to give you congruence。

 it's gonna make people trust you even if people don't know whether or not you're being honest。

And it's gonna to come through in what you're doing So that's one reason to be honest。

 Another reason to be honest though is hopefully in a lot of cases。

 you're not just trying to have sex just to have sex。

 you're trying to have a relationship with a girl in which case you want to find a girl who's congruent with you and you want to communicate to the girl who you really are so that you can have an honest and positive relationship if you're qualifying a girl on random topics that have nothing to do with your beliefs or worse yet you're qualifying a girl contrary to what you believe you're encouraging a girl to become not what you want in a relationship。

 you're encouraging a girl to become bad for you and also if anything you're you're misleading the girl about what it will be like to be with you but if you qualify on the things you actually care about。

 you're truly being yourself， you're truly being honest and you're truly creating a relationship where you're going be on the same page。

So being honest is gonna to be really， really good。

 It's also gonna make you again a lot more congru and a lot more believable because the right emotions are gonna be behind what's going on。

 Okay so within all this stuff my default would be if you're actually impressed be impressed。

 if you actually are not impressed or you feel like it's kind of like silly or you want to give her a hard time you want a tease or some more。

 tend to do that。 but also from with the overarching perspective of you know if this girl really has you've given her kind of a hard time and really do need to let her win and let her see a light at the end of the tunnel。

 then like air more on the side of being nice and letting her win if you've been like showering the girl with compliments。

 maybe give her a little bit of a tease and just don't let her don't let her get bored with the fact that things are too easy。

 So there's definitely a balance for all of these as well。😊。

