# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：3 - 蓝图如何为坚实的GAME添砖加瓦_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So the first thing I want you to understand about blueprints is that blueprints are a supplement to already good game。

 not a replacement for it Okay there are certain traits that are pretty much universally attractive and women while they are dramatically different in all unique and special and snowflakes。

Genetically， biologically， they're like 99。9% similar to each other。

 So what is attractive to one woman is largely going to be attractive to women in general。

 What is off putting to one woman is largely going to be offput to women in general。

 And that's why we focus on all these other elements of game before we get to blueprints。

 because you need to be doing fundamentally attractive behaviors。

 If you fundamentally are not an attractive man。 you can adjust to the girls's type all you want。

 she's not going to get attractive。 Whereas if you are a fundamentally attractive man。

 you can do a lot of things wrong and still stumble and bumble your way through and end up getting attractive。

 So blueprint is a supplement to good game。 And here's the way I want you to think about it。

 You could kind of think of game as a series of or a variety of traits that you are demonstrating to the girl。

 So there's a range of how assertive you should be an assertiveness is one trait in game。

 There's a range of how attentive you should be how much attention you should pay to the girl。

 an attentiveness is another trait of good game。 and。

There's a range of how confident or cocky you should be and there's a range of what's appropriate in terms of that for any of these。

 if you're too assertive， then it's offput。 if you're not assertive enough。

 you're passive and look low value if you're too confident or too cocky it looks fake or try hard or put on if you're not confident enough you look like you just are not enough of a person or you don't have enough going for you to actually be confident So in almost all of these attractive traits in game there's a range if you go from your side if you go here it's at the high end of what you can get away with you go here it's at the low end of what you get away with if you're over here。

 it's too much you're over here it's too little you need to be playing in this range and that doesn't change with blueprint So all of the behaviors in this range are potentially good things in game and if you didn't know anything about the girl。

 you'd probably want to play close to the center or the range just to be safe。 However。

 if you know about the girl you can play to the right place in that range So let's say， for example。

 that you're talking about。Cockiness or assertiveness and you find out that this girl is very high confidence。

 she likes to banter and she can deal with a cocky assertive guy Now you're gonna play towards the high end of the cocky assertiveness range and you're gonna get dramatically good results with her if you played towards the low end of the cockiness assertiveness range you might do okay just based on it being a good game in general if you play towards the middle end you probably do okay but it would be less efficient but when you play towards the right part of that range for that particular girl that's when you're gonna to do the absolute best。

 but the adjustment has to be within the range if your adjustment to her like a cocky guy goes so far that it's outside the range and it's no longer socially calibrated。

 it's no longer even good game。 now it's going to start backfiring so I want you to think of the principles of good game tell you the range of behaviors that are appropriate and good and then blueprint tells you where within that range you're going be you can over adjustjust for blueprint to the extent that it takes you away from what is fundamentally good game As soon as you deviate from good game with your adjustments to blueprint。

 you're probably going to worse in your results。upposed to improving them so I want you to think of this as a supplement or a narrowing of the range or a honing in on the right behavior from what you already know from generally good game。

 not a replacement from good game so if you're a beginner and you have no idea what you're doing in game。

 don't start out by trying to adjust to the girl in front of you start out by trying to be an attractive guy only once you're consistently attractive and consistently getting some results。

 then put a primary focus on adjusting to the girl in front of you。

