# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：7 - 令人印象深刻_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So what have we determined so far Well first of all。

 we've decided that you need to have generally good game before you start calibrating and before you start changing it up for a girl and that you want to be calibrating from who you actually are rather than faking it and we've determined that the things you want to calibrate on and things you want to adjust on are emotional rather than logical and this is all absolutely critical。

What I want to talk about right now is how you should react to the similarities。

 how you should be conveying and creating rapport or creating connection on similarities Now obviously you don't want to be completely oblivious to similarities in connection because your goal is to connect with a girl So when you find out a similarity you find out something you have in common。

 you're gonna be like doesn't matter because that's just anticonction that's antirelation that's like avoiding making progress On the other hand。

 you don't want to be so into oh my god， we have this thing in commune that's so cool we're destin。

 we're meant to video， they wish get married you certainly don't want to go to that level either and you don't want to be overplaying the commonalities one of the cheesy things that girls do when they get a crush on me is they'll start they'll ask me my sign and like oh yeah we're meant to be because of our sign I'm like that is the laest that is such a crockcus shit so you don't want to be like you're trying to find a similarity your graspbook or some reason to form connection because now you've deviated once again from good game now you are supplicating now you're trying for rap poor and sibling。

Wing to break rapport， et cetera， et cetera。So the question is what should your attitude be towards when you find these similarities with a girl or when your blueprint and the girl's blueprint happen to match and you have that kind of like magical moment。

 which is again similar to when the girl is impressing you by qualifying to you and falling into your frame it's the same kind of thing and I want to introduce a word to you that I really like and that word is whhelmed and this is a word I came up with jokingly with a girl that I was gaming once upon a time and I said like you know it's funny so I'm not underwhelmed I'm not overwhelmedhelmed。

I guess I'm whmed and I was joking about the fact that you can be these things if you are overwhelmed by a girl。

 you can't be yourself around her。 it kind of sucks。

 It's no fun even if you're like impressed by her if you're underwhelmed well then why you're even there。

 it kind of sucks。 also right what you want to be and what you want to kind of convey is a sense of being whmed right You appreciate the girl。

 You're glad you're there。 you're enjoying the experience。

 and you're just in that nice sweet spot as a human being。 That's what you want to kind of convey。

 and that's what you want her to be feeling as well。

 I that she's whmed It's not too much it's not too little， it's kind of in the middle。

 And so when you do find the similarity， you want to be appreciative of it。 but not all about it。

You don't want to be like kind of bse about it。 It's cool。 It's awesome。

 It's nice that you have this connection with the person。 you should really enjoy it。

 But at the same time， you can't get to the level where you're not allowed to walk away or you're not allowing yourself to walk away or you're getting this like fear of loss over it so I want you。

 I like this word a lot for a lot of things in game， which is whmed。 I'm whmed。

 I'm coining this term。 I don't think it exists in the world other than me coining it right now。

 but if I ever hear the word wemed。 I know I know where it came from。

 and I'll know that you're educated in terms of calibration and blueprint。😊。

