# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：11.进阶者任务：5.公众视线【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Challenge number 4 is a big one for so many people。 Nobody wants to be seen doing the cold approach。

 right， So a lot of times if there's girl standing standing or sitting all by herself。

 you'll go over and talk to her。 But let's say there's a few people sitting like 2 or 3 feet away from her。

 now You're like， oh， it's awkward。 It's weird。 I don't want to do it， etc cetera。 Look。

 it's gonna be your only opportunity。 You gotta do it。 Right， You're on the subway。

 And there's other people in the subway。 You're never gonna see that girl again。

RightThese are situations where you need to do something now I suggest being as pleasant。

 positive and social as possible， I suggest if you're worried about the awkwardness。

 maybe don't hit on her quite as blatantly at the start， you can even if there's other people around。

 and can engage them to a certain extent as though they're part of her group。

But to waste that opportunity is absolutely silly。I promise you。

 nobody's going to be judging you negatively for going and being positive and friendly。

 If you're positive and friendly， who could possibly judge you negatively for that。

 Anyone who does give you like a hard time or give you shit about it is probably because they're jealous and they wish they approached her instead。

Point is this， though。 Girl are often in public places and you're gonna need to learn to approach with people around。

 All right， so man up， do it， get the guts， etc cetera。 great places for this， by the way。

 are any kind of like like bus station， train station， airport， those kind of places。

 if you're there， parks that have like a lot of people all over the place or just like kind of communal areas and like office buildings。

 those kind of places will tend to have girls with people around。

 So if you're looking for that sort of situation， another great opportunity for that， actually。

 a lotzim is the gym， Girl maybe not alone in the gym。

 There's other people in other machines nearby still do that approach and don't worry about what anybody else thinks。

😊。