# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：10.初阶者任务：1.初阶者导言【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Welcome to the Progress desensitization program。 The idea here is if you're a guy who's not really done a lot of cold approach or hasn't done cold approach in a really long time and you're very nervous about it。

The idea of walking up， having a conversation that may be a lot to handle right now。

 So what I'm giving you here is a series of exercises that you can do one by one that they start off very easy and they get progressively just a little harder and a little harder and a little harder or maybe a little more and more nerve wracking as you go。

 But it should be a a sequence of progression， a series of exercises that everyone can do。

 So whatever place you're at， there should be an exercise that makes you just a tiny little bit nervous。

 you can start with that exercise And then you can gradually build from there。

 My suggestion is do each exercise as like a specific day mission for at least a day。

 if you want to spend a couple days on an exercise that's totally fine as well as long as you're progressing。

 But make sure you go out with specifically the idea of doing the exercise in mind and give yourself a nice long range of time to get it done。

 There are8 exercises here from one to 8， you'll make a huge progression So you don't have to rush it。

 If it took you a couple days for each mission。 That's fine。

 you'll get to the level 8 in 16 days instead of 8。😊，s not a big deal。

 Okay the biggest thing is that you're making progress and you're pushing for it。

 If some of the early missions seem too easy to you。 that's totally fine。

 you can skip ahead and start at whatever level is a level that is a little challenging to you or make you a little bit nervous。

 It's totally fine。 the other suggestion I'd make if they seem easy to you instead of doing instead of skipping them entirely。

 maybe instead of doing it for a day do it for a half a day or an hour or something like that and still do all the steps just maybe shorten them and give yourself that's that sort of like ramp up time so that when you do get to the one that's a little nervous for you。

 you're not coming into it cold But enjoy these exercises。

 you can come back to them as many times as you want。

 maybe if you you're in the game for a while and you're out and you get a little rust。

 you can always come back and start fresh with these exercises。

 they should be enough to get you from that crippling fear of approaching to actually talking to strangers in a positive way that can go somewhere。

😊。