# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：5 - 场地升级简介_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So far we've talked a lot and done a lot of theorizing and modeling about verbal escalation and physical escalation。

 but we've completely left out venue escalation and venue escalation is actually hypercritical to getting good results。

 there are some venues where it's completely inappropriate to flirt at all。

 certainly inappropriate to escalate， for example， at work or on a crowded subway to an extent there's a certain limit to how far you can go in those types of situations。

 especially the work one。 So getting to the right venue is going to be a huge part of game。

 Also there's this idea of this is not exactly in the definition of it but in an idea of what's called fattic communication。

 which is that the scene or the framing or the nondirect elements of communication affect how you perceive it。

 So for example， if you ask a girl to go grab a drink with you。

 even if you've been very friendly up to that point， the very idea of saying hey。

 let's go grab a drink culture。Means this might be a date and so not only is it important to escalate venues because it's going to lead to a situation where intimacy can actually even occur。

 but also the very act and decision of those escalations is important in and of itself and there is sort of a sequence and a process to this as well So something like grab a drink means something something like entering a stranger's house either being invited by her or inviting her into your place and having her come in that fically means something and it is a bit of a decision and it does carry the narrative of the interaction forward。

 So be aware of both of these factors。 So right now in the next few videos I'm going to break down the idea of venue escalation to specific venues and what you're going to probably be doing both verbally and physically but again especially verbally in those various venues and why that is the progression。

