# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：1 - 升级和言语游戏介绍（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

This week， we're going to talk about escalation。 That means taking interaction from boring platonic。

 small talk all the way through Amanda Wo interaction all the way up to sex and all the way to a relationship。

 We're going talk specifically about the verbal game elements of escalation。

 but I want to let you know that it's really not something you can do in a vacuum。

 verbal game relates to physical game relates to logistical game when it comes escalation。

 So what I mean by that is， as you're moving forward in an interaction。😊。

The way that you talk to a girl the way you communicate verbally and in your nonverbals that are conveying similar things is gonna escalate at the same time。

 the physicality is gonna escalate at the same time。

 you're gonna be moving to more and more private and more and more intimate venues because the girlss gonna be more and more comfortable with you and it's just gonna make sense to do so。

 And these all kind of go in lockstep doing a lot of one without the other is strange So for example。

 if you were to get all the way verbally up to like talking dirty and discussing like your sexual fantasies And meanwhile。

 you're like know in a very public place with a bunch of people around and everybody can overhear it。

 it would be very strange Similarlyly， it would be very weird to get incredibly physical and be like like making out in like a public place in the middle of daytime and have not taking it to another venue where it's more private and to have the conversation still be very small talking。

 be talking about the weather while you're like making out and like going at it very hard。

 None of these things really make sense。 all of the escalations are going go in lockstep。

 So as I am talking about verbal escalation'm。To by necessity。

 have to talk about physical escalation， I'm by necessity。

 going to have to talk about venue escalation and I'm actually going to give you kind of one escalation model for all of them and I'm going to tie them all together but again we will be focusing throughout on the verbals as much as it is possible。

