# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：07.关键技术主题：4.如何做到真实【课程更新加微信kc58567】

All right， so wait， now I've told you that it's okay to say can lines and repeat the same things over and over in many circumstances and definitely canned ideas and frames even beyond that。

And I've also said that you want to adjust your approach to the girl you're talking to。

 It sounds a whole lot like I'm saying， bend over backwards。

 do whatever the girl wants and totally supplicate to the girl and stop being yourself。

 It could definitely sound that way。But that's not at all what I want you to do。 I want you， in fact。

 to do the opposite every single tool and technique in this entire course。

Is it means to an end and what that end actually is is twofold。

 One is you connecting with a girl and two is you being able to display your truest personality that you believe in and want to be the most with that girl and the beautiful thing is the more that you connect with the girl。

 the more freedom and liberty you have to convey who you really are and be accepted for that because she likes you and is having a good time with you and she'll be more open to that But even on the way there。

 I'm not encouraging you to lie a girl or be fake or bend over backwards to girls every single step along the way。

 you should be conveying your true personality because again， that is the end。

 the end is conveying who you are， who your best self is to the girl So even when you have a canned line。

 make it a canned line you believe in if you have one staunch political position。

 do not choose a canned line that takes on the opposite political position because that's not congruent with you if you are a believer in like entrepreneur。

and just taking taking risks and doing it on your own do not choose lines that are very like I fit in。

 I'm in the box。 I don't take risks do things that are congruent with yourself。 Now。

 how does that go along with adapting to the girl Well put it this way going through your day。

 you interact with a lot of various people， you interact with maybe teachers， maybe bosses。

 maybe parents， maybe friends， maybe random Uber drivers。

 you interact with all these different people right And throughout the day。

 you're adopting a different personality with each and every one of them because of that relationship。

 you will stay and do different things with your mother than you will with a girl you're sleeping with。

 I hope you will do different things with a stranger than you will will someone you're very intimate with。

 you will do very different things with someone who is above you in a hierarchy versus someone who's below you in a hierarchy。

 However， at all times you're still being yourself， you are just being yourself in that situation。

 Similarlyly at all times you're talking to a girl， you're still being yourself。

And you're being your most authentic self， but you're being the part of you that is most congruent to a positive shared interaction between you and that other person okay so you're kind of deciding which elements of your personality show first or you're deciding how to tell the story of those elements to get the person to buy into them and engage with you in a deeper interaction where you really can utterly and truly be yourself on every level that you want to。

But understand that the first part is she has to want to connect before you're going to be able to open up and connect in all the ways you'd like to。

 And so that is the reason for choosing the framing of what you're going to put out there but again choose the lines and ideas and phrases that are congruent with you if something if you hear something from like a comedian or you see something in a movie and you're like that is awesome I believe in that remember it and that becomes your line and it is your line you own it because it represents something that has meaning to you。

If you see some guru say something that works on a girl， but you don't believe it， don't use it。

 you don't own that it's not yours because it's not congruent with you and how you are。Now。

 one quick caveat to this。 if who you are is truly uncon and truly low value。

 you can fake it so you make it in respect to value for a little bit。

 but still in respect to personality and hobbies and interest and belief， there。

 you should not be faking it。 Be your true and most congruent self throughout。

 but convey it in a palatable way。 Let me put it to you this way。 If you were selling cars。

 you could sell the same car。To two different people in a different way。

 One person you might sell on， It's reliable and safe and gets good gas mileage。

 The other one you might sell on， it has these new tech features and it connects and has all this like nice up to date stuff that's that's very like。

 you know， very， very fun to play with。For example。

 those are two different sets of features you might sell the car on。

 the same car has both sets of features and either way。

 they're buying the car and they're gonna experience the car and they're going truly get to know all of the aspects of the car through that ownership but which aspect you decide to put forward first can be done strategically and should be done strategically so always be authentic always be your real self because the end goal is connecting for who you really are。

 The last thing you want to do is connect to something you're not and then have you fake it in relationship So be your true self at all times。

 but you can choose which elements to present first and how to present yourself so that you're most likely to get a good interaction and to have that fully accepted relationship with someone who you really like that you would like to be in。

