# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：2.第四周实战：框架控制实战（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

The clip you're about to see is one that I think is a great example of a hot girl frame and particularly a frame of a girl who has worked hot girl jobs and has kind of that mentality。

 Now the girl in this clip is actually quite a nice person quite a wonderful lovely person。

 she's not being bitchy or anything like that。 But she has sort of an idea of herself as being attractive and an idea of kind of nightlife and guys hitting on girls and how the whole thing works and she of has this idea she's above it in a way and you know fair play to her because she has been in that environment but it's a case where the natural frame she's gonna have is the idea of guys hitting on her rather than her chasing guys and that's a frame you have to kind of flip around if you want to game in a really good way and this is what advanced guys can do intermediate guys really don't is' flipping that frame flipping that script because a lot of guys can be attractive and charismatic and charming but the girl kind of still knows they're being hit on whereas advanced guys can actually flip the script around So that's a key element of frame control So without too much further ado。

 let's crack into the set。I gotta stuck for two seconds because you have the most like New York look in Austin that I've ever seen in Montil and I'm very incredibly intrigued by you right now。

我的This is the man家。Okay， so here I've met this girl in a very crowded chaotic environment and then she's indicated that like it's the wrong part of town I。

 it's not like the classiest coolest area so she's indicated some sort of standard for where she goes out。

 some kind of standard for the area and she's already being kind of like a little bit almost judgmental of people who go out in a different area just slightly。

The wrong part of the country for New Yorkers or whatever And so how would I handle the shit test。

 I misinterpret it right because she says you're in the wrong part of town meaning you're in the classy not class part of town I refer back to my original comment。

 which is about New York say actually I'm in the wrong part of the country so I kind of misinterpret the way around the shit test and ignore the implied meaning and this is a great way to handle shit test right which is most shit tests in fact shit tests almost by definition they're not a direct insult what there is there' an insult by implication and so they're putting you in an insulting frame or a compromising frame or position but it's by assumption it's not specifically stating it so here she said you're in the wrong part of town which she means is you're in the wrong part of town because this is in the classy area you're in the wrong part of town you're not like fitting it whatever but instead I just take literally the fact that she's talking about being in a certain place and I refuse to acknowledge or ignore the idea that she's talking about places to go out and I act like she's talking about my original compliment and so I'm able to not be in that compromising frame。

はい。it's not a bad part it's fine for visitors， I guess I。e。 as a local， I wouldn't go here。

 but as visit， it's okay I。e。 for you visitor， China。

 whatever guy or for like those people that don't get it fine but not for the people that that do get it。

 So again， just not mean condescending and actually very nice it's fine it cool but just suddenlytly saying I'm of a different standard I'm not the trashy type I'm not this type of person if wasn't entertaining I'd be on the other side of And so this is actually interesting because technically I am qualifying myself here technically I am maybe even like losing to the shit test。

 but what I'm realizing is that there is a reality there's two things going on。

 There's the shit test of like this isn't the classies part of town。

 but she seems okay that she's not too uptight about that and it doesn't seem like a deal breaker And then there's this idea of do you get it or not in nightlife。

And not getting it would probably be a bigger issue than qualifying myself a little bit right and I mean。

 to be honest， the place where I will take oftentimes I'll take clients to a place where there's just a volume of girls because I have a lot of clients whereas if it was just me maybe I'd go to a place that doesn't have as many girls。

 but has a different atmosphere And so this isn't even really's not necessarily false or not necessarily qualifying myself per se。

 but it is kind of falling into her frame a little bit， but on net。

 I would rather be the guy who gets it since she's brought up this idea of getting it in nightlife multiple times I'd rather be the guy who gets it and be a little apologetic of where I' am at this exact moment rather than be blind to that and make kind of a leveling behavior or a social error that would put me as like a very average kind of guy and it's a calculated decision in this case there are pros and cons of both but that's just the decision I've made here。

 So it's interesting thing。 And a key thing with frame control is that you don't have to hold your frame always you don't have to like cling to your frame like a jaws of life and you certainly shouldn't be like attached short it to seem like。

one of the biggest things in frame control is to not care and just be loose and relaxed about whatever's going on。

 All right， so there's pros and cons of what I just did。

 but I want you to see the upsides as well as the downsides。You are the first I've ever met。

 so congratulations to that， actually everyone's。I don't want to be anybody's first or anybody's last。

 So let's take it slow This is taking on a very nonprovider role。

 I don't want to be anybody's first or anybody's last is saying I don't want to meet a version and I don't want to get married So it's saying I'm in a fun party kind of vibe。

 So it's doing two things。 number one it's a misinterpretation in general。 But number two。

 it's setting a frame。 It's setting a frame of what type of guy I am how I view relationships etc。

 And so now since I've set that frame， it's hers to adjust rather than hers to set So let's And then so let's take it slow All right。

 implying that she's hitting on me rather than me hitting on her。

 So this's kind of completes the teas。U but I like the fact that you have a sense of humor and you appreciate Whit back what is your story？

So now she responds well to my comments， she's laughing or like you know enjoying it， smiling。

 seems pretty bo， and so now I'm going to go ahead and just try a little light qualifier。

 just throw out a little light qualifier， see if she'll qualify herself， etc。

What do you want to know？Cliff notes for now， Keep it very brief。

 Think like super I' not in New York。 Okay， so she says what do you want to know right And that's great。

 That's a good response to like a qualifying， get to know you question。

 But what do I say Cl notes for now as let's keep it brief。 Let's not keep it serious， etc。

 And again， this is a frame iss a frame of oh I want to get to know everything about you。

 I like you so much versus like keep it brief。's let's you know let's not go too too fast。

 And that's another frame that it will do and I'll do this oftentimesll just give me the cliff notes go it's a long story what do you know like cliff notes right and you can always expand You can always get to know more about them。

 But when you're trying too to get to know then's trying for a poor。 it makes you needy etc etc。

I know that。I was born。Really。I'm sorry to hear me So she just mentioned where she's from。

 And it's a place I can make fun of。 So I take that opportunity。

 mean you just went from here to hear for me， know being teasing， being playful。

 giving a little push away and funny enough she just me at the start about being in the wrong part of town。

 I'm giving her shit about being from the wrong place It's the same joke basically I'm putting back on her which is has a nice little turn it but take these opportunities to give girl a little of hard。

 It's okay to give It's okay to disqualify a little It's one of the best ways to get someone to qualified to you to chase attention is to actually disqualify them is a way to exert frame control because if you're just flat out insulting of someone they're just gonna dislike it。

 But if there's a compliment with a little bit of a teas involved they probably want the compliment So they'll accept the teas And it also has a much bigger emotional impact because not What is。

I'm putting across in terms of me and her and that's a very important thing frame I'm putting across is that I'm deciding about her。

 I'm intrigued by her I like her， but I'm not fully convinced and committed and I'm definitely willing to dislike her for a certain thing so she certainly like has not won me yet right she's in the game she has a chance but she's not one I'm let me go now I'm in enough to continue getting to know you but I will know you're like you've been tarnished a little bit。

Yeah。that's a really New York attitude as well。 So okay so I I'm intrigued enough to get to know I guess I cut out because it was her name right I'm intrigued enough to get to know you a little bit。

 but we're still figuring it out。 So again， I basically just verbalized the exact same frame that I put a fourth you。

 And now she gives me a shit test that's a very New York attitude as well saying like oh。

 that's being like a bit of a dick or that's very like you know classicist of you almost or something like that right So she's giving me a shit test here Oh you's okays a step up。

there I like ignore the her saying that New York attitude thing。 And instead。

 because I think her response indicates maybe she's feeling a little bit like that was mean of me to say。

 So what I'm gonna to do ism give her a compliment back I give it back a youve got out of the So you're in a better place now I respect that。

 And this is an interesting thing to be able to do in terms in terms of frame control And in terms of push pulls both is that at any point。

 you should be good enough at push pull that if the you've been a little too insulting or a little too mean or whatever or potentially you shouldn't actually actually beam mean。

 But if she's perceived you've been mean then you can give her a compliment and boost her back up at any point。

 or if we girls getting a little too high and mighty and give a little bit attitude。

 you should be able to give her a little quick dose of reality and like a little quick negative spike at any point when you need to And that gives you a lot of ability to adjust adjust and give her the best possible experience if the girls。

Feeling like too high and mighty， she gets bored and it's no fun for if the girl's feeling like she has no chance with you or like you're being mean to her。

 that's not gonna be fun for her either。 So you want to like be able to adjust both ways and that's what I just did here and I didn't even actually pass the shit test she gave which was about the New York attitude instead I understood the underlying reason for the shit test which was that she was feeling a little bit like maybe snued or her or like that I was like being dismissive of her and I gave her a little bit of of value back no。

really他 don'认么。A near here， No， I've been here。So now she's like acknowledgeled when I frame she's being playful and now so I'm going to take a little bit and just get to know her and understand this game should be mixed in with normal conversation should be some game。

 some normal conversation， some games， some normal conversation， otherwise it gets a little weird。

てでさ。So you clearly didn't hate it。And again， challenging her right。

 So she's claiming she doesn't like a place， but she's saying she's been for a long time。

 like so you clearly didn't hate it， challenging her statements， not just taking them at face value。

 making her prove herself to， making her earn it， not just giving her like an easy。

 smooth ride through this conversation。If you hated in your you really did decrease right and then she's like well like well if you hated it and you're still here well then you actually did decrease in mice so again I'm willing to give her shit。

 I'm willing to give her hard time I'm willing to potentially even walk away and I definitely have standards right that's a key thing that I'm indicating here is that I'm someone who thinks of myself as attractive and has standards and especially when as a girl that'ss very cute and has had like hot girl jobs and that sort of stuff seeing that in a guy is very。

 very attractive to her。I have a love paint relationship drawing on Yaic grow。

That I thought and wanted into to go。いる。真边。I find you music So here she's qualifying herself she's responding to me emotionally so what do I do I'll come here and I give her a hug right because I know that she beceptive is that I know she wants some of my validation and so that's a great time to actually get physical right getting physical in a moment when she wants your attention and wants your respect and affection is a good thing to do so be aware of that and getting physical would be very。

 very easy for you in general。One day if we get along， which is definitely like a shot in the dark。

 but if we get along， I might have to show you in New York and show you like a real And so then notice the push pull right So I'm giving her this possibility of that I might be within reach I might actually like her。

 we might have a future together， which is really positive。 but I say if we get along。

 which is a shot in the dark。 So there's still that push pull even when I'm giving this possibility showing this thing this kind of romanticy and even a little bit providerish even but I'm saying oh it's a shot in the dark。

 It's unlikely。 there's always that little bit of push。

 there's that tension right So that's the key is to keep the tension if it gets too obvious that you like her you lose the tension if it's like too much that you dislike her and there's no no possibility you lose the tension。

 you want to keep it that nice middle ground where there's good sexual tension and good sort of social tension at the start starts out of social tension becomes sexual tension as you escalate more。

So are you from here？Do you mean know I from there do I live there Do you live there Yes， okay。

You got the most expressive face that I've ever seen in my entire life。

I't always ask me if about act because I put a lot emphasis on things， I guess I don't know。

Right and so that's like a little arrogant thing on her part because what she's doing。

 she's saying like people associate with her with this high status career or high status。

 high social value girl job right So like if a girl says people ask that say she could be a model that's her bragging a little bit if they say she should have been an actress。

 that's her bragging a little bit these kind of things So just be aware of it be aware of the frame she's asserting and be aware that number one she sees herself that way and that plays into a blueprint number two。

 she's trying to insert that idea into the conversation which you have to be aware of But number three she is trying to prove herself to which is good。

 the fact she's qualifying means she views you as someone she wants to impress。

 So that that is a good thing to have。It an espressive person Well hopefully you're not boring so you know。

 it's a start so you're visiting。used to hereAnd so she has this thing that she does whenever I tease her or whenever I give her a test。

 she likes to change the subject away from test， it's her way of not falling into my frame。

 but it is kind of obvious and it does put her in a frame of that she's chasing me and that she's constantly reinitiating the conversation so it has its pros and its cons but that seems to be a strategy she's employing。

I went to school but no。系了系拜拜。Okay， so here I say I went to school in a city and she says， well。

 compared to that city， this city you're giving shit to isn't like a big deal right so she's trying to play back that same frame on me right So I played this teas。

 she's trying to call back and play the same tees。 but what do I do I just kind of look at her like she's silly and she realizes what she's doing and she kind of backs down and gives in and says I'm sorry this is a great indicator when a girl starts to give you a shit test and then you kind of just look at her and she like backs down on the shit test or apologizes。

 that means she's starting to be in your frame。 that means she cares about your approval。

 that means she realizes that what she's been she's been caught being gameie a little bit give you a to finish whatever thought that was I don't even know where you going。

And since I actually caught her out here and since she didn't wantan to finish like I'll give you a minute to finish like I'm basically challenging her like oh yeah。

 you werere gonna challenge me go for it I'm open to it。

 go for it and she realizes you know she realize what's going on。

 she giggles and she can tell like it's funnyca when a girl falls into your frame。

You would think they'd be annoyed or upset about it， but they actually really like it。

 They like being around a strong guy who can hold the frame and who can lead them and who can give them them an experience。

 So thatll actuallyll usually get very aroused， very turned on by this。

 Where you think they'd be very resistant and angry， They're not anyway。I'm so New York。Yes， okay。

I'm from Colorado originally。Like similar to you， you know， shy innocent， small town boy。

 making good in the big city， something like that。Two years， two years。

I went to a four year institution for two years。Takeick from that what you will so getting I either withdrew or transferred。

 you can decide which。我真有。So I give her this opportunity to assess me and I make her like you know the same way that girls sometimes will make you guess details of their life I'm kind of giving her the same thing guess the detail in my life。

 but it is interesting because it says something about her perception of me。

 And then when she guesses wrong， I give her a heart time really really's like no no。

 the other one the other one So again， who's leading who's more in the other person's frame it's clearly that I'm leading and the situation And if anything the thing that she's doing in the conversation whenever it's going silent。

 she's reengaging and reinitiating it， which is try hard。

 What I'm doing is I'm having fun and teasing and leading the frame within the actual conversation itself。

 So from a conversational standpoint， I'm taking the high value frame both in terms of the types of things I'm saying about myself the types of things I'm implying about her the nature of the conversation but also the format of the conversation who's doing what who's taking what role in the conversation because I'm taking the conversational lead know it's good to see your assessment of。

I then went to school on the East Coast， so I in New York basically。Sorry， how are you li here？

Have you been， I have none。I know I thought we have a special and there you can't see it because we're off screen unfortunately。

 but instead said have you been to New York she says no and I just give her this look like really you haven't been to New York So it's just a subtle like tease with the face。

 It's a non nonverbal verbal game if you will we talked about that in week zero the core modules but if you can tease with just a facial expression instead of teasing verbally it's all the more powerful and you can see the reaction I thought you'd like me enough to come visit but I see how it is so now I'm implying that New York the reason for come to New York is me and then I'm going to imply that even more when she says she came to New York she won't be back so this is misinterpretation again acting like shes chasing me and any one misinterpretation is just a funny little thing to throw into the conversation but if you're constantly misinterpreting that she's chasing you over and over and over again every single time you insert that fing of the conversation it becomes stronger and stronger and stronger it becomes more and more and more of a fact in the conversation。

Is that just because I'm there， I'm flattered but like let's take it slow okay。

 I mean I've only just met you， let's not rush into anything I really don't think I'll come max。

I'm trying to do what I need to do here and then I'll venture to New York because I'm never going to go up you come back to this God for a second play You're an ambitious girl Yes absolutely。

I like that about you right again you're an ambitious girl she says something good。

 something I can like about her， something in qualifyl and I can give her a hug I like that about you and again affection physically as well as with the validation because again she wants my validation she's gonna to be responsive to the physical it's all just a good experience for her all the points that you lost earlier。

You just backAnd that's a great push pull， all the points you lost earlier， negative。

 you just gained back positive， half of them negative right， push pull push。

 and you'll notice out out of my mouth throughout this and throughout all the infield how much of what I say has that push pull nature。

 how much of it is like keeping it playful， keeping it flirty。

 maintaining the sexual tension throughout。我是这个。Im can I be honest with you？

I'm not sure if we're going to get along I think you could be the coolest person or the weirdest person however I'm in streaked enough to grab a drink with you and get to know you for a little bit you don't seem like you don't seem boring that you're entertaining。

Which you're a terrible fucking entertainer if what you may ask。And so back to her original frame。

 but she's you know I've added the idea of moving it around and basically anytime you're in an interaction where you've stopped to girl somewhere and you're standing somewhere。

 you want to move it quickly because the longer you stay in that place。

 the more it feels like a pickup the more it feels like it didn't just happen when you're with your friends you're have a good time you go。

 hey， let's go re drink together， hey let's walk down the street say" hey let's go to this other place you don't stand in the middle of a crowded chaotic place just having a conversation so I want to make that move as soon as possible。

You and I， okay， we're going to have drinks， fun， but let's not ruin it with facts or feelings。

 just have fun to let the grown up handle the serious stuff。Yeah what am I doing here。

 I'm framing the nature of the relationship， I'm framing that I'm not a provider type guy that I'm just a fun guy etc ce。

 and especially for a girl that is probably used to guys throwing themselves at her used to getting a lot of attention from guys the fact that I'm trying to make it less serious rather than trying to make it more serious is a big part of the blueprint like a big part of meeting really hot in demand girls is not just falling over bending over backwards with。

 not just falling all over yourself for them because they're so used to guys doing that Well I appreciate the fact that you're not completely naive and stupid。

Only like 80%， it's okay， right， but even when I give the compliment。

 I'm still a little bit of push pull， little bit of maintaining the sexual tension。

I'll give you that I' not 80%， no， I'm going to take no I'm joking， I'm joking， okay。

 I' joking 20% maybe I' give0。对呢。I'm working on it Yeah， working on not being even stiff。

And this is a really interesting form of frame control as well taking the frame of teaching someone something or having wisdom in an area is a very powerful frame right girls respond very strong people respond very strongly to teachers to authority figures right so if you can be an authority in an area if you can teach somebody something you can add a fact or add information that they don't know or add a new perspective number one that's a huge amounts of value just added to them but also it's putting you in a high value role is actually and that don hurt because it's but have your enough to not。

She likes me， things are good， in fact if anything there's a little more connection than that was when I was first trying to make the plans end venue changer。

 so if it was right then it's definitely right now so it's time to look at venue changing。

Since you seem to think that， you know， like good places to hang out。Take me someplace aside。

Then we can grab a drink and get to know each other， it iss like too late。

We have to 101 minutes1 minutes Oh yeah， in that case。

 we're going to get a totally non classy drink together and just get to know each other， all right？

That works， that's where most of my friends are， so that's fine right here。Yeah。我是耳。

Theres a lot of So now we're off to go grab a drink together。

 obviously that's only the beginning of a poll it's not， you know， it's not。You know， checkmate。

 but it's a very， very good start。 You're in a very good spot from here。

 And this is how you you've gotten there is by controlling the frame， being chill。

 keeping it lighthearted and fun。 But at the same time holding your frame。

 And that's really the struggle That's really the challenge right So at first， guys are like。😊。

Olivious to frame control and they just get like reframed and put in bad spots all the time。

 Then guys become aware of frame control and they know how to do it and they know what the frames are。

 but they become like really rigid about it and really serious and logical about it。

 And they hold on their frame too tight。 And they just become no fun。

 It's almost worse than if they didn't know what frames were。

 And then the high level Once you really figure out frame control and learn it is to assert your frame。

 Stan up for yourself。 put into the interaction。 The thoughts and beliefs that you have。

 But to do it in a fun， lighthearted way that's not try hard and not forceful。

 And that's what really looking for。 And that's what I think you've seen a demonstration of here。

