# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：3.开场白：6.观察性打开（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next type of opener that I want to talk to you about is one of my favorites。

 When you get the opportunity to do this one， it's one of the absolute best。 However。

 the problem is it does require a situation that allows for it or it requires some sort of like a minor interaction preop for it to work。

What this is is the observational opener。 And so what you're going to do is you're going to notice something about the girl or about her actions or about her reaction to you。

 something like that。 And you're going to comment or tease on it。

 And the thing that's great about this opener。 There are actually two things。

 One is that it is emotionally relevant because it's a tease。 So from the very get go。

 You' being man to woman， you're being compelling and it's about her。

 So what's likely to get a reaction。 The other thing is。

 because it's based on something that just happened or something that you can't have known about her beforehand。

 It comes off as very spontaneous and not something can'ned。

 So you will never get called out on is that your pickup line or are you doing game or do you say that to all the girls。

 All those kind of like this didn't just happen type of shit tests and objections that you might get are off the table because it clearly is unique to the situation。

So that it's great in those ways。 The problem is you need something unique。

 So if the girl has some kind oflandish piece of clothing that's easy to comment on。

 you can do an observational opener。 If， for example， you make eye contact with her before the open。

 she gives you a weird look or funny look or actually really any look。

 you can do an observational opener about the look she gave you or what she just did。 if。

 for example， you're at at a bar and you happen to see two girls do some like silly crazy thing and you open them right afterward。

 you can comment on the thing they just did and kind of tease them， give them a hard time about。

 And again， that came up right in the moment。 So all these things make the tea spontaneous。

 And you can do if you want like a push pull opener。

 which you already talked about or you can do just a straight tease。😊。

But the point is that it comes off as very， very spontaneous。 And in this case。

 the straight tees might actually be better than the push pull because now you're giving even less of your power away。

 And if anything， you're automatically assuming a superior position。 So imagine this。

 you get to open an attractive girl。 It looks not at all like a pickup。 And from the first moment。

 you're in an assumed superior position or assumed position of where they might be qualifying themselves to you from the vague get go。

 So be opportunistic when good things happen when unusual things happen。 please， please。

 please take advantage of those and use those as opportunities to make a comment。

 So off the top of my head， some examples of this might be， you make eye contact with a girl。

 she makes eye contact bank be like， oh my God， girl， do not give me that look。

 Something like that is an observational opener write from the red get go。😊。

Or maybe a girl has like a crazy dress。 You go， oh， what is up with that dress。

 You're like a combination between like John Gotty and Coreella deville， just making something up。

 But it's just an observation and some kind of commentary on it in general。

 and we'll talk about this a lot next week。 when we talk about some of the attraction lines and formats in general。

 the bigger the exaggeration and the further you can take an observation。

 the more effective it's gonna be it'll get a stronger emotional response and also ironically。

 it'll be safer because it will appear that it clearly is an exaggeration will appear like that you're clearly fooling around and not being serious which tends to make it also safer。

 So in general， a lot of people think it's like safer to exaggerate less。

 It's actually safer to exaggerate more。 It's safer to be more over the top with exaggeration style comments。

 So you want to do that。 The other thing we'll talk about this a lot more next week as well as you want to be specific about your comments。

 It's gonna make it work a lot better。 So another another good example that could work would be maybe a girl bumps into。

😊，And it's kind of awkward over。 you turn around be like， wow。

 you could have just introduced yourself if you wanted to meet me something like that where you're assuming a positive frame and you you're kind of teasing on as though she was chasing you or something like that。

 another one that can work。 This isn't the greatest one because it's obvious and a lot of guys do it。

 but it's decent at least is maybe you bump into a girl multiple times。' like oh my God。

 are you following me It's kind of obvious a lot of guys do it。 but it's still a pretty good opener。

 That's another example of an observational opener。 You're taking something about her。

 something that's going on and you're making a teasse out of it on the spot。 And again。

 it is one of the most powerful opener types because it is spontaneous。

 it puts you in a strong frame and it is emotionally relevant right from the very start。

 The only downside really of this opener is that you need something at least a little bit observable to work off of。

 if the situation is completely bland。 It can be hard to come up with something or hard to come up with something that doesn't seem force。

 But when you get the opportunity to use this kind of opener， It's one of my absolute favorites。😊。

