# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：2 - 叙事技巧1- 一般的讲故事方式（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

In the previous video， I mentioned that narrative essentially is a synonym for story， right。

 So it should be no surprise that one of the key techniques in building a narrative is telling stories and telling stories。

 Well。 The issue is that most men or at least many， many men that I deal with in my coaching。

They are very bad at telling stories because as men。

 we probably aren't typically on average as social as women and we don't talk emotionally as often as women。

 we tend to be in business settings， we tend to be in on sports team settings。

 different areas like this where we're really conveying facts we're trying to get messages across quickly and efficiently and directly and we're not messing around a lot with like the feelings and the emotions and the little the stuff that goes along with them。

 we just want to get the job done。 we're trying to be very functional in our language and that carries over to how we talk in general。

So most men don't really tell very good stories。 In fact。

 a lot of men's stories are actually just a list of facts or a list of events。

 which doesn't really even meet the criteria of being a story。 Okay， so bullet points is not a story。

 L of facts is not a story。 A resume is not a story。 None of these things are stories。

 St is you know， actual sentences and paragraphs and that kind of thing。

 but it also has distinct parts。 So every good story has three parts has a beginning。

 a middle and an end。 And without any of those parts， it seems very lacking。

 So the beginning of a story is the setup right you're setting a scene， you're setting a stage。

 This is the the starting point， the status quo before any crazy events happen。

 and it's important because the baseline of your story is going to。

Determine what the other events in your story mean and they're gonna have context to the other events。

 So if your story starts on a starship in outer space。

 then there are certain things that are very normal in the middle and end of a story。

 whereas if your story started in like in a cave dwelling in like prehistoric times。

 there are obviously very different things that will be presuppose in different events that will make sense in that context。

 Having the right setting， having the right setup for the story matters a lot。

 Now hopefully your stories are neither about know your personal stories aren't about outer space or prehistoric times。

 But I'm just using this general storytelling guideline to make a point。

 So whenever you're telling a story， you need to start off with the start。

 you to start off with baseline understanding what was going on beforehand。

 next stage is the middle part， which call the first part situation。

 I could call the next part interruption。 So whatever that status quo was whatever that con beginning was whatever that baseline was。

 something changes。Something changes and that's what a story is Story has this thing called plot。

 right， events happening， tension， conflict， whatever without tension and conflict and things happening。

 or at least events， there is no story right if it's I lived in a house and now I still live in a house。

 that's not a story There's no change， there's no interruption， etc。

So something has to come along and interrupt it and create some kind of events in the story。

 And this is what makes the story interesting。 And this is what fundamentally is engaging in the story is about。

 So now have the beginning the setup or situation， you have the middle。

 which is the interruption or plot or conflict however you want to think of it。

 And then the third parts of the story is the change or resolution So resolution know the conflict is resolved。

 The conflict is ended And now something has been changed by it。

 or sometimes you know the conflicts not completely ended， but it's ongoing。

 but something has been changed。 And that is the point of the story without that。

 why did you tell the story who cares So if if and a lot of guys do this。

 they'll just tell a series of events or maybe they'll tell a baseline in a series of events And they don't explain who is changed by it or how and there's no actual emotion in it oftentimes either And so at the end。

 someone could ask， so what。RightYou don't want that。 Why do I care。

 So what that's a terrible reaction to a story， The other reaction you don't want to have is what happened then。

 which can also happen if you don't have any kind of resolution to the story。

 So those are the three elements of a good story right situation， interruption。

 change or if you like beginning introduction， conflict resolution， whatever words you want to use。

 there are three stages to a good story。If you are telling stories that don't have these three stages。

 your stories are gonna suck just flat out。 They are They're either going to lack context and be confusing。

 They're going to not be very engaging or eventful。

 or they are gonna have a so what who cares what if feeling at the end of them。

 And when I was growing up in game when I was learning game。

 I would actively consciously work on my storytelling。

 I had one exercise that I would do as I if I was just driving down the street doing nothing。

 I just pick a random item， a random thing that I saw in my line of sight。 I'd use that one word。

 and I try and tell a story involving that word without thinking just starting immediately and telling a story know。

 including that word。 but it had to have the three elements。 It had to be an actual real story。

 And this practice of just creating stories， some of which were really good。

 some of which were less good。But creating a lot of stories。

 telling a lot of stories makes you better at storytelling。

 and then you can evaluate your own stories and decide if you think they're good。

For general storytelling， what should you do to improve one is what I just mentioned。

 which is practicing two is just understanding that there are these three stages Even record yourself。

 we talked a lot we've talked a lot throughout this course about nonverbals and delivery and all those kind of things that applies in storytelling as well is your voices your delivery。

 making your story more interesting Are you telling it well。

 are you building suspense in in the methodology are you pausing in the right places。

 So actually recording yourself while telling a story can be very helpful here as well and then playing it back and seeing how it goes actually watching movies。

 reading books， reading short stories all of that is going to be really good for your storytelling So the more stories you absorb and especially the more good stories you absorb the better you're gonna get。

For storytelling specifically in game， one thing I will highly recommend is watch standup comedy。

 watch goodians， good standup comedians， most of them， depending on the joke formats they use。

 but many of them at least are very， very good storytellers。

And they're telling stories where there is a situation， interruption and a change。

 oftentimes the change or the finality of the story， will also come along with a punchline。

 which makes it even better。 And the other thing that comedians will do during their stories。

 which makes it highly， highly engaging is as they're telling their story。

 they will do little of breakouts。 they'll go off on tangents。

 little little side side notes almost to their story that get little laughs or that are a little interesting observations。

 And that makes the story really gripping， really compelling and really watchable and listen to a bull so to speak。

 and comedians have to do that because if they're not getting a joke。

 I don't know what the number is it's like every 30 seconds or something it's a bad comedy act。

 So they have to break up their routine or break up their stories with these little tidbits。

 But learning how to have tidbits， learning how to staiggue。

 learning how to digress in your story and then come back to it is a really powerful technique especially in game where you're gonna want to have things like multiple threads。

 which you talk about early on in the opening and you want to be able to change the subject fluidly。

 So it's gonna be very， very useful， especially in game but get good。😊。

At general storytelling tellingling good storiesies is going to make you more interesting to listen to。

 It's going to give you a way to offer value to the conversation if instead of asking question after question after question。

 you're telling stories and giving opinions now you are providing unique insights。

 unique content to the story now the person can start to get to know you。

 So just simply basic storytelling without it even being mandin without any game involved。

 which we'll get to in some upcoming videos， but even just basically telling good stories is a great start to game and actually a decent start to narrative。

😊。