# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：02.打开-收尾模式：8.使用我的台词【课程更新加微信kc58567】

So all this talk about the different phases of the system and all this talk about verbal game they're great in theory。

 but now I want to kind of mix the two together and show you a little bit of implementation and show you a little bit of that synergy So the system again you're going to look at the interaction。

 say here's where I'm at， here's what I need to do verbal game then is here's a line to do it or here's a format or a structure to do it The format and structure stuff we're going to get to and that's where I really want you to end in this course with I want you to be able to do that by the end of this course but for now we're gonna to start with lines and what I've done is I prepared a PDF for you with lines as examples for every single phase and this interaction So we have some opening lines。

 some premise lines， some evaluation lines， narrative lines， closing lines。😊。

We have all those for you so that you understand more fully what these things are。

 but also so you can implement it。 I suggest as a starting point， commit these lines to memory。

 if you want to go a little further with it， maybe take these lines and make them your own。

 come up with modifications on it things that are congruent to you with it。

 You can absolutely do that。 And that's actually a lot of what we're gonna be doing throughout the rest of this course is making it congruent to you making it so you can come up with these lines on the spot。

 But for now， take some of my lines with my compliments， go out there。

 try them practice it and know that you at least have some means of implementing each of these phases。

 So how do you use this， Well， let's say you're in the premise phase and you can't think of something to say you're like。

 I know I need to make it mandolum， but I can't think of something to say take one of these lines and throw it in the interaction。

 It's going to help you at the very least of good training rules and these are time testedest proven lines that will work for you and have work for tons and tons of my students。

 So again， take them with my compliments and use them to start implementing the system from moment1。

 again， we're gonna go a lot more in depth。 I'm gonna give you。

More of these lines and a lot more of how to cope with your own lines and make them congruent to you。

 but for now thiss a great place to start， take them， use them practice them。

