# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：10 - 情节线作为叙事 # 有选择性_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So the idea of plotline as narrative is actually kind of an unusual one or it seems almost like a paradox because plotline is these short little emotional spikes。

 usually they're tactical in nature， usually designed to get a particular outcome in the next you know。

30 seconds or minute are designed to make some kind of escalation， whatever。

 and they are gaming moves by their nature。 And so a lot of plotline moves are just that。

 they just are that little short termm emotional spike。 However。

 good plotline moves actually do have a narrative effect。 And as you get better and better at game。

 you're going to learn to have plotline from the right narrative rather than the wrong narrative。 So。

 for example， being extremely like pish and untrustworthy but fun。😊，Is plotline。

 It actually will garner some level of attraction。 It will get an emotional response。

 but it will hurt you in the long run in terms of your narrative。

 It's gonna to make the girl trust you less。 It's gonna make the girl see you as less the type of guy who she'd want to date or be in a relationship with。

 So there are plot line moves that can actually be negative for narrative and they are a plotline moves that can be positive。

 So let's talk about the categories of plot line moves you want to have because they are positive for your narrative。

 And the first of these that I want to mention is selectiveivity。 Being a selective person。

 A big part of narrative， huge part of narrative even is， are you a win for the girl。 In fact。

 sometimes I will shorthand narrative to just， you know the story that makes you a win for the girl。

😊，So if you seem very selective， if it seems like a girl has to be of a high standard to date you a high standard to sleep with you。

 etc ceter， well， now it's going to seem a lot more like a win for the girl to be with you。

If it seems like you're completely unselective like you're just a manhor， right。

 you just like sleep with anything that has two legs。 Well， in that case。

 it's not very much of an accomplishment。 It's not a win for the girl to be with you。

 And so there are definitely a lot of these plotline moves that are very pish or very obvious or of that nature that are definitely going to hurt you。

 And there are some that are a lot more positive for your overall narrative。 So， for example。

 anything that indicates。😊，Maybe you know， I don't want to rush into having sex with you。

It gets at burst because this hard to get kind of she temporarily loses a little bit of her sexual power。

 your challenge。 all of these are why it is a plotline move and why it garners an emotional response。

 but the overall story being told by it is high value selectiveive guy So anything that conveys that kind of thing is going to be very。

 very useful not just as a plotline move i。e。 moving the needle immediately and getting response and maybe helping you with escalation or a logistical move or whatever。

 but it's going to be conveying an overall positive story rather than a negative one so focus on as you go through your game and like if you were to outline what is it that I do to get emotional spikes。

 what is I do to garner attraction is it also conveying me as a selective person or an unselective one if it's conveying you as unselective。

 it's not going to help you overall if it's conveying you a selective it's probably going to be a very big enhancement to your overall game。

