# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：12- 情节线作为叙事 # 了解节奏_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next key consideration in your plotline or quote unquote。

gaie moves that's going to matter is how it reflects on your level of sexual experience because having the wrong level of sexual experience and wrong level of sort of sexual familiarity and success can make you look unattractive in a couple of different ways。

First of all， if you don't quote unquote， know the dance， if you don't know how to flirt。

 you don't know how to escalate in the sense that you seem really awkward and shy and nervous about every little move。

 that's number one going make your plotline less effective is going trigger fewer emotions overall but it's also going to put you in this narrative of low value guy。

 not your experience with women probably negative social proof etc etcter。

 so being really shy and awkward about any kind of escalation is not going to be helpful to you also just being bad at escalation。

 being clunky not doing it in a way that feels good， etc， etc cea。

 that's going to make you look very， very inexperience as you get more comfortable with it more confident in it as you learn to escalate in a way that feels better。

 that's going to help you to have implied social proof right so you're doing this escalation move。

 this plotline move， but at the same time by doing it the right way you are implying that you've been good with girls you've had positive reception。

girls， this isn't the first go you've ever slept with， et cetera。However。

 this can go a little too far if you just become so kind of blindly smooth at it that you're just escalating and escalating and escalating and you don't seem at all nervous。

 you seem completely unnervous and completely like unconcerned And now you can go actually too far where you're going to appear to be overly pish and then you're going to appear to have no standards like the kind of guy that's just left with like know thousands of girls are just sleeps with any girl can get his hands on etc。

 and that can actually be problematic。 So this is what happens kind of an intermediate level。

 So the beginner would be the guy that is so nervous escalating。

 it's clear he's sexually inexperienced。 The intermediate。

 the guy that that has you has some sexual experience and is starting to show it starting to be clear that he's not nervous about escalating but he's kind of a little too unnervous and it's almost like he's like just going through the motions like rushing to an end He starts to again going to the previous video starts to appear that he has an agenda or he's not in the moment because of it or going to a video back。

 He starts to look unselective。Because he's just escalating so blindly knowing the dance of escalation doesn't just mean being comfortable with escalating。

 it means escalating in a way that has a little flirtation and push pull to it that is old adage and game two steps forward。

 one step back where you you get a little intimate and then you let it breathe for a minute and let the girl wonder why did he not escalate more on me instead of you escalating go being like oh God wins he going stop And so having this push pull having this back and forth。

 being a little more patient with your escalation actually shows even more abundance and even more skill because it shows that you're not needy for an outcome and so there is this sort of sequence beginner to intermediate to advance of nervous to escalate escalating a little two like brazenly and without calibration and then calibrated teasing escalation as the final step and which of those categories you're in is going say a lot about the narrative of who you are with women who you've been in the past and a lot about whether this girl is winning by being with you or not。

