# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：10.初阶者任务：6.赞美【课程更新加微信kc58567】

With mission5， we're getting into real cold approach。

 what you're going do now is same as in the last one。

 you're gonna talk to a stranger who's just around you can actually do guy or girl strangers at this point。

 although at this point I'd start to encourage you to start to talk to girls more。

 But what you're gonna to do is you're gonna go up and say hi and you're gonna give them a compliment。

That's it。 Now， if you say hi and give them a compliment and they just say thank you and go on with their day。

 totally fine。 If you say hi and give them a compliment and they start a conversation even better。

 If you say hi and give them a compliment and you feel the urge to keep talking to them better still。

 But the point is， the only criteria for success is that you say hi， give the compliment。

 at that point， If you truly feel like leaving， you're free to go。 Okay。

 so the barrier to completing this mission isn't very， very high。 right Hey， I love your hat done。

 Hey， you know what， those are like the craziest， I love those books。 Whatever doesn't matter。 Okay。

 Oh， yeah， you're you're a fan of the sports team me too。😊，Totally fine。

 that's all you have to do and you're done， okay， give a compliment。And you're on your way now again。

 as you progress through these exercises。With each one。

 it's more and more likely that someone's gonna actually engage you in a conversation。

 particularly if you go talk to a girl and give her a compliment。

 there's a good chance she's gonna be very flattered， may engage you in a conversation。

 And that's a bonus if it happens。 But again， that's not the criteria for success。

 I don't want you to think that because every single one of them doesn't end up as a long conversation。

 you're somehow failing。 every single time you step out of your comfort zone。

 every single time you break that that social barrier a little further。

 And in a more positive or more intimate way。 you're making progress and that's the really important part。

😊。