# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：6.吸引力不是一种选择（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

For the next belief in mindset， I want to start off with kind of a hypothetical for you As a man。

 if you would to imagine， like in your head， like the hottest girl， you know， hottest celebrity。

 dream girl， whatever。If she walked into the room， you probably would feel attraction towards her。

 you probably would find your eyes drifting towards her and you paying a lot more attention to her than to other people in the room。

 you might even get， you know， a little bit of a faster heart rate， you might even get like。

 a little mini boner， whatever you might get aroused in various ways by that really hot girl entering the room。

Now， I want to ask you if you were a married man with children and a really。

 really hot girl walked into the room， would you still become attracted to her or would you still be aroused by her。

 And the answer is almost certainly yes， In fact， in some case you argued you be more。

 but that's a whole other deal， right But in any case， you would still be attracted。

 even though you are now married and you have kids。 Now， would you cheat on your wife with her。

 some of you might， some of you might not but a lot of you would say in that kind of circumstance。

 maybe for moral reasons， you wouldn't do so。 So you might not act on that desire you might not act on that attraction。

 That is a choice， what you actually do， what what you what decisions you make about your life。

 those are choices。 but feeling attraction， noticing someone being having your attention drawn to someone is not really a choice。

 biologicalologically genetically as men when we see a hot girl， we respond to a hot girl。

 And it's kind of hard not to look。 and it's kind of hard not to like notice it。

Kind of hard not to have your heart be a little fast。

Kind of hard not to have certain emotional reactions。The same holds true for women。 Now。

 women aren't responding necessarily just to your physical appearance。

 but they're responding to attractive men in general the same exact way that men respond to attractive women。

 So if a woman is around you and you're conveying attractive qualities。

 she will likely get attracted。 Now， she may have a boyfriend and she may not do anything about that attraction。

 She may， even if you ask her I' would be like， no， no， I have a boyfriend。 if she's married。

All the same and perhaps even more， so she may or may not act on that attraction。

But she doesn't have a lot of choice regarding feeling it feeling attraction comes from like kind of you can say like deeper。

 more more more primal parts of the brain， more animalistic places。

 deciding what to do with that attraction comes from our logical faculty。

 the part of our brain that makes us more civilized so acting on attraction is definitely a choice and there are a lot of reasons why a girl might not because like I said。

 maybe she's in a relationship， maybe she's flying out of town and you're flying out of town and she doesn't want you know to get into something that'll just like fall apart later。

 maybe she's going through some other stuff and doesn't feel ready for it， Who knows why not。

 maybe she knows your reputation doesn't trust you。

 Who knows there's all kinds of reasons why she might not act on that attraction， but again。

 the attraction itself is almost biological physiological。 The attraction itself is an instinctive。

 innate response to what she's seeing what she's experiencing what you're putting out there so I want you to understand that that being an attraction man has a universality to it。

Being attractive and doing things which are attractive will trigger attraction in women。

 That does not mean every woman's gonna to sleep with you。

 That does not even mean every single woman is going to get attracted to。

 but it does mean that if you're an attractive man， you're acting in certain ways。

 a very high percentage of women will become attracted to。 And it's not a choice。

 It's not really their fault even Again， they have free will， how to act on that。

 but they don't really have free will about becoming attractiveor or not in the same way that you don't have free will about becoming attractive or not becoming attractive when you see a beautiful woman。

