# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：05.言语之外：2.如何传递台词？【课程更新加微信kc58567】

So in the previous video， I gave you a lot of factors that you should consider a lot of things that affect how what you're saying will come off。

 But I didn't really give you a prescription。 I didn't tell you， say this this way。

 say this this way， say this this way。 And again， the reason for that is there are too many different possibilities。

 There are too many different scenarios that occur in conversation。

 I can't cover every single one of them。 I'll cover a lot of them as we go through the course and I'll point out a lot of these things too。

 and hopefully you'll start to get a roadmap for it。 But in general。

 what tonality and delivery should you use。 And the answer。

 like the answer to many things in game is it depends。 However， a safe way to go。

 a way to go that won't lower your value and won't get you into trouble。

 not always necessarily the best but a way that will not ever be completely awful or will very rarely be wrong。

Is to just act as you would in a safe environment where you assume a positive outcome。

 So if you just act the way you would or deliver the way you would amongst your best friends。

 you might not be turning her on with that。 You might not be making it sexual with that。

 But at least you're not gonna be lowering your value of being weird with that。

 So if you're playing it safe， that's a good default。

 or on a more mental woman note if you were to deliver like you would。

 if you were talking to a girl that has had a crush on you for six months already。

 and you can kind of do no wrong or the way you would you're with a girl that you're already dating Those types of delivery and tonality are pretty safe and those are gotos。

 So if in doubt， default to that。 if you have a specific thing you're trying to convey， though。

 use the delivery tonality volume etc that is right for that。

 So the real answer is how you deliver should depend on what you're trying to convey。

 the safe answer， if you don't know or if it doesn't seem to really matter in that moment is act as you would among people that you expect a good response for。

