# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：10.说服 Vs 引诱（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

You may have noticed in the previous few videos I gave some sort of warnings and disclaimers and said。

 don't use these tools for evil those kinds of things right I want to talk a little bit more deeply about that and about the different ways to get someone to agree with something and what are more ethical and less ethical and also what are more effective and less effective and interestingly enough the more ethical ones are actually the more effective ones thankfully。

So basically， I want to talk about three different things that you can do。 you can persuade。

 you can seduce or you can force persuade means to actually get someone to fully logically agree and buy in to the extent that even when they're not around you even when they're not in a highly emotional state。

 they still would agree with this thing because they not only have bought into it。

 but they understand it and they espouse it oftentimes it's even become their own idea。

 That's the best is when you can actually persuade somebody of something。

 and that requires not only emotional things such as some of these tools that we're talking about and the idea of the world like being on an emotional high and having a good time with you but it also means that there is some logical foundation。

 some logical basis beyond it and that logical aspect makes it more effective because it makes it last if someone's feeling something just emotionally once they're in a different emotional state。

 they may feel differently， they may make different decisions if someone is logically persuaded of something。

That's going to be a lot more long lasting and a lot a lot more permanent， a lot more reliable。

 And so that's what you'd like to eventually go to。 In fact。

 if you do have someone in a situation where they're emotionally going along with something and logically rationalizing it。

 if you really actually want them to fully buy in getting them to logically commit is actually useful。

 So for example， if if you and a girl having a great time together。

 actually sometimes overtly asking the girl saying something like I'm so glad we like each other's like yeah I am too she's just acknowledged you like each other and that emotional feeling has become a little bit more logical rational that makes it a little bit more permanent and it makes the experience a little deeper for both of you as well So that's the best is when there's not only hopefully emotional as well but when there's actual logical agreement that's actually the most effective form of persuasion。

 The next effective what we call seduction a seduction gets a bit of a bad rap because it's not quite as clean。

 so to speak as persuasion and it's not quite as permanent it's a little more。

little more based on emotion， etc。 but it still is utterly valid。

 especially in terms of a mantowo context or a sexual context。

 because you know a lot of what makes the sexual act pleasurable is that emotional component and what a lot of what makes the relationship pleasurable is that emotional component that back and forth so don't think that like seduction。

 the word seduction gets a bad rap， but it's a totally wonderful and powerful and beautiful thing between two people and that's when someone is persuaded by positive emotions by the draw by the emotional draw of someone else and that is again completely fine。

 however， what you don't want to go to is force， which is force is where you are either using literally physical force。

 which please don't ever， ever， ever use in a sexual context but even beyond that if you're using force as in force as in the threat of consequences。

 threat of punishment， these negative sorts of motivations。

 the motivation of like avoiding pain rather than the motivation of seeking pleasure that is both very unethical。

And you should not be doing it on an ethical and part perhaps even legal level。

 but also it doesn't really last because again you're going to get snap back and blow back and you're gonna to get a lot of toxic unhealthy relationships that don't last okay so I want to really make that distinction in terms of how you want to game persuasion。

 seduction or force or you could say persuasion seduction。

 coercion would almost be the same part of speech avoid force and coercion。

 please please please both physical or psychological right you want to be again making things win win going for the desire to seek pleasure in your relationships rather than paying consequence motivation that tends to lead to very dark places and very unhealthy relationships。

