# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：2.接近角度：7.组合（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The final opening dynamic that requires a different type of communication is opening girls in groups。

 And this is absolutely critical。 if you want to be good at night game。

 it's absolutely critical if you want really hot girls because girls who are in demands are rarely alone。

 especially in night game。 right， So you're going to need to learn how to approach girls in groups。

 if you want to truly be good at game。 And the funny thing is， when you approach a girl in a group。

 you're essentially having two separate conversations at the same time。

 you're having the conversation with the girl and the conversation with the group。😊。

And the things you're conveying in those two conversations are not necessarily the same。 Okay。

 And this goes from the open all the way through the entire interaction。 But for the group。

 you would like them to perceive you as the nice， sweet。

 cool guy who would never make an unwanted move who would be like utterly polite。

 and utterly gentleman at all times， et cetera， et cetera。

 And who would just be an enhancement to the social value of the group in general。😊。

And so being safe， being nice， being polite， being within like like socially politically correct bounds。

 that's all useful within the dynamic of the group。However， for the girl。

 you want to be the guy who's a little dangerous， a little edgy， who's not boring。

 Who inspires emotions in her。 And so there's this kind of like。Paradox。

 because doing what is going to make you attractive to the girl is not necessarily going to make you as palatable to the group and doing what's palatable to the group is not necessarily going to make you as attractive to the girls。

 So're essentially having two dialogues at once。 and you need to decide at any given moments。

 which is the more important dialogue。 So understand that in order to meet a girl and a group and have it go well。

 you need to have the group on your side and the girl on your side。 Therefore。

 whichever one is more likely to go badly is the more important one to focus on。 If， in doubt。

 it's more important to focus on the group first and then the girl。

 because if you focus on the girl first， and she likes you， but the group drags her away。

 you have no opportunity to keep talking， Where you focus on the group。

 and at least in an interaction with all of them， at least you still have the available avenue to continue talking to the girl。

 All right， So you need to engage both specifically on the open。

It's very important that you engage the group before they engage you。

 so if you go over and talk to the girl that you're interested in and it's going either well or badly however it's going。

 The girls's friends come in thinking that you are maybe unwanted or thinking that you're trying to steal her from them or that you're're just annoyed that you're like ignoring them and they engage with you first。

 It's kind of like you got caught having an agenda caught， trying to pick up the girl， et cetera。

 And they're immediate assessment of the situation is probably going to be negative and in opposition to you。

 On the other hand， if you engage them first， Will you now had an opportunity to talk one on one of the girl and intentionally went out of your way to talk to them。

 That says your friendly， polite， nice。 you care about them a lot of really positive things。

 So it's very important one way or another。 that you engage the friends before the friends engage you。

 It also allows you to engage the friends on your terms rather than on whatever random terms you would otherwise receive。

So there are two ways to go about this。 The first is to engage the group first and then engage the girl。

 This is to engage the group， the girl first， and then go to the group。 And both are very viable。

 But again， in either case， you need to engage the group before they engage you。U。

If you have a situation where the girl is hard to reach， like maybe they're。

 they're all sitting and she's kind of back to a wall and far away from you in that situation。

 we can't approach her very directly， you probably need to go group first and engage them and then find a way to engage the girl you're interested in in a situation where the groups all kind of huddled together and the girls kind of on the outskirts。

 you have a very good opportunity to go girl first and then say， oh， hey。

 are these your friends nice to meet you and engage the group right afterwards。

 So they' are different scenarios that will make it more or less palatable。

 Other thing to keep in mind when engaging the group。

 Sometimes you don't actually need to engage the entire group。

 You just need to engage the relevant group。 So for example， if there's a group of say，10 girls。

 Maybe it's like a bachelorate party or something like that。In that case。

 the girl probably knows the bachelorette knows like the center piece。

 the center person that like invited them all there。

 And then she might know one or two of the other ones very closely。

 And then the other ones she may barely know at all or not at all。

 or they're just not that important to her。 So the relevant group out of the 10 might be a group of two and and her。

 right， So maybe her， the bachelorette and one other friend。

 Those are the ones that you need to engage for the purpose of that particular group。

 The rest don't really matter very much。 So you need to identify that very quickly。

 Good question to ask once the girl likes you is how do you guys all know each other。

 It's gonna to give you a lot of information。 It'll also tell you a lot of times。

 who in the group is single who in the group you know has attachments or boyfriends to an extent。

 So that may be useful information as well。 Okay， but one or another you need to engage both very。

 very quickly。An example quickly of both， if you were to engage group first and then girl might be like。

 hey， you guys all seem really cool。 Oh， shit， you， you're fucking trouble。 But anyway， you guys。

 hey， who are you， how do you know each other， So you're very positive with the group with the girl。

 you're a little more biting and incisive and a little bit more man to woman。 Al right。

 so the vibe that you want to have。If you can consider this as though or a job interview。 All right。

 with the girls that are just in the group， you're offering them a job and you're totally friendly and happy。

 But the job you're offering them is of limited stature or limited status。 So it's like， hey。

 what's up， You know what you seem great。 There's an entry level job in my company。

 Just come by the job is yours。 So it's all very positive。

 No one can ever be upset about being offered a job。

 Even if it's not a job they would ever take or a job that's high status。

 At least you're being positive in offering them a job。 It's very friendly ors going to like you。

To the girl you're interested in， you're saying， hey， you know what。

 There's this high level job in my in my company that's very coveted。

I really don't think you're right for it。 But you know what， Feel free to come by an interview。

 right That's the idea there is that there is a huge possibility。

 there's a huge incentive available for the girl。 but the odds of her getting it are definitely not 100%。

 So now there's a challenge there， So it's much more invested and much more like the stakes are much higher with the girl that you're interested in。

 But it's also less sure that she's gonna get。 And in a perfect world。

 what' will happen is the girl's friends will actually be hoping and helping her to win you over and earn her this job。

 And now instead of having the girl's friends in opposition to you。

 you have them actually on your side。 So that's what you're trying to do there。

 If you were to open the the girl first and then go to the group with a similar type of open that you're trouble type of open。

 like， oh my God， you look like such fucking trouble。 I don't know if I love you hate you。

 Who are you。 Oh， Are these your friends nice to meet you guys。 Hey， you guys seem cool。

 You know this girl， Oh my God， she's trouble right anyway， So it's something like that。 And again。

 that' that's a girl to group as opposed to group to girl。 In both cases。

 when you're talking to a group， notice that I'm talking a little bit。Fast pretty high energy。

 And I'm a little bit all over the place right at the start。 and that's completely fine。

 It's okay to be a little AD and all over the place at the start。 you need to engage everybody。

 You can calm it down once you're in a one on1 conversation and sound kind of funny。

 But the vibe you're gonna have with the group in a way。

 if you are like the incredibly like socially connected and high status gay guy。

 that would almost be the right vibe for the group because it's incredibly status offering。

 It's incredibly fun， It's incredibly engaging but it's very non-threatening towards the girl herself and very non-threatening to the group right so that idea of a fun。

 positive high social status nonthreatening is what you're really going for with the group and very social。

 And then with the girl you're going for know， still high status but a little bit more dangerous。

 a little more tension in the interaction， a little more like ediness about the way that you're conveying yourself。

 But that's basically you you need to engage the group， engage the girl。

 after the open and as the interaction continues。😊。

You don't have to necessarily continually engage the group。

 but you do want to be aware of bad signs within the group。

 So there's an exercise that I'll do with my students live。 And basically the way it works is this。

 you have one student talking to a group of students， One is like quote unquote。

 target the otherss the rest of the group or you don't even need to target for it。

 But what you do is he talks to each person in the group。

 And if the person feels that attention is being paid to them， they put their hand up in the air。

 as they feel the attention is not being paid， they gradually let their hand fall down。

 And so as as the student is talking to them， if someone's hand gets low。

 he has to look over and reengage them to get their hand to go back up。

 and if the hands ever get too low， the set is over。 same kind of thing occurs in the railroad。

 although people aren't being as obvious as putting their hands up。

 If you notice that the group is disengaging， you notice that they're starting to get on their phones are starting to look around。

 they're starting to turn away， walk away， you may need to engage them again so that they don't drag their friend away。

 So you want to even after you've engaged them in first place。

 keep in mind how how they're feeling in whether they're engaged。

 And then in terms of the girl herself， you need to keep her engaged at all time。From the very open。

 if possible。 And one other sort of corollary to this is you need to open in a place within the set where you're near the girl that you're interested in。

 So say， for example， the girls are in a circle， again。

 I mentioned if the girls way against the wall is the only way you can open。

 you just deal with it and you go on the opposite side。

 But if you possibly can't open next to the girl you're interested in。

 even if you don't directly engage her first， because you want her to hear what's being said。

 if you're talking she's not hearing you， it's wasted communication。

 at least in terms of attracting her and making progress with her worse yet。

 if you happen to be very engaging and fun and someone else in the group starts to like you and try and engage you。

 now， in order to talk to the one you want to， you have to be rude to and or ignore the one who's being nice to you and that creates conflicts and tension and jealousy and things like that。

 So it's very important that you position yourself in a place where you can engage with the girl you want to talk to from the very。

 very start。 So again， major takeaways。 you need to engage both the group and the girl。

 the communication with group and girl will be different。 and you need。

To make sure that the girl herself is engaged at all times。

 it's very hard or a very bad idea generally to disengage with the girl and completely engage with the group to the exclusion of the girl you're interested in because bad things will happen。

 She'll get distracted。 she'll get pulled away。 Some other guy will come hit on her One of the other girls will decide she likes you and then there's conflict etca。

 etctera， etc ce Okay so understand all of those elements is gonna make it much much easier for you to approach girls in groups。

