# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：2.接近角度：4.移动（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Of the approach scenarios that you are likely to run into on a regular basis， the most difficult。

 but also most common is girls in motion， girls walking。

The reason it's the most difficult is that they already have momentum towards something else they're doing。

 they're already going to work， going to meet a friend。

 so you are to a greater extent interrupting them and to a greater extent you're asking them to change what they're doing right from the first moment。

That's why it's more difficult。 It's also more difficult。

 kind of because there's more technical factors involved。 But once you learn them。

 it's not really that complicated。 Excus me。 So the first question that you're gonna to need to answer when dealing with girls in motion is do you decide to stop them or do you decide to walk with them。

 And all things being equal， stopping them is typically better。

 because if a girl has decided she was walking and now she's stopped。

 the message there is you are more important， more interesting， more stimulating。

 than whatever else she was doing and she's committed to you。

 So that's a really good position to get into quickly。 However， for that very same reason。

 if she has a lot of momentum， if she's walking fast， if she's very， you know。

 set on where she's going， she's less likely to stop。 So getting her to stop is better， but。

Trying to get her to stop and failing is worse than not having tried。

 So it's a little bit of a guessing game， but you can make educated guesses whether you think you can get the girl to stop。

If you think you can， you probably should。 If you think you can't。

 you should probably decide to walk with her。 And again。

 what are the elements in deciding whether she's likely to stop。 Well。

 I introduced this concept before of like the momentum of the interaction。 Well， so literally。

 if she's walking faster， she has more momentum。 It's harder to stop her。

 if there are multiple girls， there's more collective momentum of women walking。

 So it's going to be harder to stop her。 if there's guys in the group。

 if it like a group with girls and guys together。 that's going to be harder。

 You can look at that as men are heavier， so they have more momentum。

 or you need look at it as men are more likely to oppose， you know， the open。

 So it's going to be harder to stop them in that case。

 So the greater the momentum that they have walking faster， bigger group， group with guys， et cetera。

 The more likely it is that by necessity， you may have to walk with them rather than stopping them。

 But if you have a situation where a girl is walking very slowly by herself。

 doesn't seem like she's in much of a hurry in that situation。

I would strongly consider going ahead and trying to get her to stop and talk with you very early very early on in the interaction。

 if not right on the open， because that commitment that she's with you says so much and puts you in such a good position for the approach。

 First mistake I see you guys make oftentimes when walking with a girl。 is walking behind her。

 So let's say the girl， the girl is walking and you're walking behind her。 Well。

 now it looks to the world that you are following。 It looks needy。

 It looks chasing and it feels the same way to the girl。 That's the message。

 The message is Guy is following me。 Guy is chasing me。 And that's a bit of a creepy message。

 The other thing on a like kind of a practical level。

 is imagine walking and trying to have a conversation like walking in and being behind you like that。

 right it's actually physically difficult to walk forward and talk backward。

 And so you're asking the girl to do something that's rather difficult before she's met you before she's very committed to you。

 She's less likely to do it。 All right， So if you're walking behind her。Just looks bad， it feels bad。

 it's hard to do。 you're just less likely to get a positive reaction。

 Also if the girl is at all dismissive， now you're talking to the back of her head and you have a really an uphill battle to get her attention。

On the other hand， let's say you're even with the girl。 Now that looks and feels a lot better。

 It feels like you're on a level playing field。 It makes things a lot easier and a lot better。

 So I recommend getting at least even with the girl when talking to her， walking with。😊。

Better yet is to get half a step ahead。 If you're half a step ahead， it looks like you're leading。

 It feels very like you're leading。 It's a much more powerful position to be in。 Also， again。

 because we talked about the idea that getting the girl to stop is a lot more optimal than walking with。

 Let's say you are walking half a step ahead。And you've been not walking that way for just a little bit。

 It starts to because it feels like you are leading。 if you were too slow down。

 she's likely to slow down， which reduces the momentum of the interaction right in a good way。

 If you were to stop， oftentimes she'll stop， which brings it to a much more optimal scenario for you。

And I actually do this as as kind of a demonstration when I teach students live。 I'll tell them， hey。

 walk with me。 And then I'll just walk half a step in front。 And then at some point。

 I'll just slow down to a stop。 And about 95% of the time， they stopped to。 And I look at them like。

 why'd you stop。 I didn't tell you to。 That's kind of a lie。 I did tell them to。

 I just didn't tell them too verbally。 I told them to with my body language。

 And they got the message and therefore they stopped。

 So being that half a step ahead makes it very easy to transition the less optimal scenario of walking with to the more optimal scenario of having them stopped and committed to the conversation。

Finally， if you are half a step ahead and you slow down to maybe get them to stop and they don't slow down or don't stop。

 Well， now， instead of being behind them， which you would be。

 if you were already behind them or even with them。

 now you're just level with them and you can continue walking and it doesn't feel weird or awkward。

 right？ So the reason to walk in front half a step in front is one， it looks and feels better。

 and like you're leading and in charge， it's just a much better message to convey。 Number two。

 it makes it a lot easier to get them to stop because you can convey that message。

 nonverbally rather than having to do something verbally。

 you're having to do something overt to make it happen。 General rule of game。

 The less you have to do to get a result， the more powerful it is。

 So if you can get a result without having to say， hey， stop for a minute， just by stopping yourself。

 it's more powerful than having to say， hey， can you stop for a minute。

 So it makes that happen better。 And then finally， the fact that you're in front means if you do try and stop them。

 they don't stop， you're still just level and it doesn't look weird and you're not chasing。

 So I really， really encourage you get a half a step in front。 It seems like a minor thing。

 but it is very， very important to be in that。Oper position。

 it makes a huge difference in terms of the overall vibe of the interaction。

