# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 5第五周（评估）：3 - 任务：第五周的任务（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

Your mission for this week， not surprisingly， is about qualifying the girl。

 about getting her to impress you and actually appropriately accepting that you know when she is trying to impress you and actually going ahead and building that connection so that you can get a lot closer so you can really honestly share and experience love affection attraction with the girl and so therere gonna be two component to this one is a homework type of component and the other is an infield type of component so the first is the homework type of component and that's this I want you to sit down grab a piece of paper it shouldn't take you very long but I want you to actually do this write it out don't just do in your head write it out so you did a formal process and I want you to come up with at least three but ideally five different non physical traits that you like in a girl and this can be that she's accomplished in something has a particular talent it can be an attitude she has it can be the way that she carries herself it can be a particular like type of like experience that that you have around her it can be anything like that but it has to be nonphysical it cannot be her face tis or ass。

For example， okay， so it's none of those things， it's a non physical trait。All right。

 then what you're going to do when you go out is you are going to。

Once the interaction is going well once you're a few minutes in at least take the idea that your job in the interaction is to find out if she is those things。

 your job is to find out if she is adventurous if that's one of the things you're like if she is like ambitious and educated that's the thing you like if she is kind of sexual and sexy and feminine if that's the thing you like and it'll be different for every one of you and that's not only fine it's expected and great so your list should not be identical to mine or anybody else is your list is personal to you because you're looking for the girl that will make you happy。

 not the girl that would necessarily make me happy so she should be a unique list and this is where you're starting to really connect with the girl and really convey your personality your experience your thoughts your belief and get to know hers as well so that's the out offield mission and then the explicit infield part of the mission so the out of field is write the list the explicit is try and find out if she is those things on the list in your interactions and it doesn't have you don't have to use all five things on the list in every interaction but be generally screening for those kind of things once you can tell a girl is attracted shift gears a little bit and be like okay let me find out。

If she is these things I like and then the philosophical part of the mission is this now when you just remind this in your head as a mantra write it on your mirror if you have to like write it and pen on your arm for like maybe initials of it whatever。

 remind yourself of this over and over again， which is this the goal is not to make her like you if you're high value enough a guy that should be given anyway。

 but that's not the goal the goal is to find out whether you like her The goal is not to go try and impress her。

 the goal is to find out if she's one of the three and a half billion girls on the planet if she's one of those that you could get along with that you could have fun with that you could have a great relationship with you are selecting the one you like。

And you're just assuming that they'll like you and it is actually quite likely that the one you like you' are congruent with and compatible with will actually like you。

 but regardless， the goal in the mindset is that you're looking for the good qualities in her。

 the qualities that you want in her to make a positive relationship and the beauty of this is the very fact that you are evaluating the very fact that you are screening and showing that you have standards is one of the absolute most attractive qualities you can have as a man because it is implied social proof in order to be able and willing to screen a girl or particularly an attractive girl that shows you must have standards。

 only guys who have options actually screen girls and actually have standards guys who don't have options also tend not to have standards so in conveying that you are looking for specific things in a girl not only are you creating the type of relationship you want and moving things forward you are also creating massive value around yourself and that is why this is a part of your mission。

