# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：07.关键技术主题：3.校准和蓝图【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The way I teach game， you might say， is pretty technical。 In fact。

 a lot of people are attracted to my teaching style。 for exactly that reason。

 I get a lot of educated people， a lot of doctors， engineers， physicists， mathematicians。

 computer science guys， as well as， you know， just， you know。

 intelligent people from all walks of life。 So if you are in a different walk of life。

 that doesn't mean you're out of place。 But I get a lot of smart guys that like my content because it is very technical。

😊，However， I do want to really point out that game is not entirely technical。

 especially since I'm also telling you that it's okay to sometimes even use canned lines。

 it's okay to even use the same things you said before。

 So if I'm telling you there's this like formulaic process to game。

 and I'm telling you you can use the same lines over and over， it would be very。

 very easy to fall into the trap of treating game as an algorithm treating game is this idea of I say A then B then C then D。

 and I just mindlessly follow a procedure that moves me towards sex。That won't work。

And beyond not working， it will offend a lot of girls。

 and it may end you up in some like shitty situations you don't want to be in。 It's very。

 very important。 They do a call calibrate。 It's very important that you pay attention to the girl in front of you and actually interact with her。

 and you get to know her and talk to her rather than doing quote unquote good game。

 Good game is whatever is right for the girl。 Good game is not some theory you read on the Internet。

 good game is not some blind sequence that some guru told you， you need to pay attention to the girl。

 because every girl is different。 Now there are similar qualities。 right， Most girls。

 basically all girls want a guy of value in some way。 Most girls。

 almost all girls want a guy with whom they have some kind of connection on some level。

 although some girls for a one night stand may actually expressly not want a connection。

 but most of the time that something they want。 However。

 what is of value to one girl versus another girl varies drastically what will help you connect。

With one girl versus connecting with another girl varies drastically so if you try and do the same thing with every girl。

 youre going to be wrong the vast majority of the time however。

 if you calibrate and pay attention and talk to the actual girl in front of you you're going to be right a lot more often and you're also going be able to adjust and adapt when you are wrong which is going to massively increase the percentage of success you're gonna to get in game it's also going to massively increase the level of connection and intimacy you have with the girls you're with which is maybe even more important okay so really truly pay attention to the girl in front of you some questions you want to ask yourself when thinking about who the girl is。

What is her cultural background， what ideas has she been raised with。

 like what has she been brought up with？What has she what has been her experience with guys in the past。

 has she been always popular and beautiful or is she the girl that was kind of the ugly duckuckling got beautiful later。

 Those kind of things。 What socioeconomic level does she come from and how does she view success Does she view for example。

 a lot of girls would view having a solid， good steady job as very successful。

 Where some girls would view that as very boring and they want entrepreneurial risk taking。

 maybe athlete striving type of guys， And that's what they consider successful。

 And if you are trying to impress one of those girls that once one of those guys is trying to stand out as her version of success with how much you fit in。

 it's not going to work very well On the other hand。

 if you have a girl that once a guy with a nice solid stable life。

 and you're trying to convince her what a risk take you are， that really won't work very well either。

 So again， what's her kind of life history and background， What's her history with guys。

 What is she seem to believe in， what does she seem to be passionate about。

 pay attention to all these things， also pay attention to maybe what is her blueprint for relationships in the past。

 What has been the nature of how she's interacting。😊，With guys in the past。

 also what is her situational blueprints meaning that the very same girl who is at home in a small town in Iowa may act one way there when she's among all her friends she's known for life and differently when she's at a bachelorette party in Las Vegas So be aware of the situational blueprint as well what I'm really saying is listen to the girl pay attention to the girl and understand that the point the end result of all of these things is giving the girl a positive experience that' can be relevant for her in order to have that happen really and truly do need to take the girl into account it's not a mechanistic algorithmic process。

