# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：2 - 实战：升级实战_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

This week's infield may look familiar to you because you saw the start of this set a few weeks ago。

 you saw from where I met the girl on the street， how I handled her frames and developed value。

 and how I eventually took her from the street into a bar on an instant date。

What we're going to see today is how I go from that instant date all the way back to my place。

 So we're gonna to see all the later game stuff。 And specifically， we're gonna to see the escalation。

 in particular， in this case， the logistical escalation。

 which is an escalation type that most guys are absolutely terrible at。 So let's look at it。 First。

 we're gonna see a little bit from the bar just a little bit of the comfort building and evaluation and that kind of stuff because that's a necessary part of the set。

 And then we'll get into very much the critical moments and the critical steps that LED to me taking the grow home。

 Let's watch。So that's a classic qualifying question Are you as fun and spontaneous as you seem or as much trouble as you seem It's a kind of a question that could come late on in the kind of where you're building attraction and doing a little bit of push away and then it could also be used a little later on when you're actually evaluating her So as I've mentioned early on you're maybe pushing the girl away more than you're bringing her towards you later on you're bringing her towards you more than you're pushing her away but you're doing you're doing both at all times this lens's kind of a 5050 so this one could go in either segment of the game。

I like I graduated from。We graduated from trouble at what age I'm graduatedud from。Prom。

That's actually really funny because her answer really does mirror that right because early on。

 this set would be about her being trouble in us having sexual attention。

 And now it's more about her being fun and spontaneous。 So actually funny enough。

 her answer is suit exactly where I am putting us in the interaction where I am putting us in the narrative of us。

 That's partly a coincidence and partly not。 So what happened is the bar closed because as you can see when we are going in there was only10 minutes anyway。

 So we had one quick drink。 And then we end up done for the night。

 And now we have to figure out how to continue hanging out together。

 So this is the kind of period where a lot of guys lose a lot of sets They get to。

 they don't really have a plan。 they just take her number or they get the end of the night and it's a little bit awkward and the girl says。

 okay cool， nice to meet you and that's that。 or the guy is very pushy and very like forceful and excited about where he's trying to take her and it's a little off putting for the girl。

 So this is starting to get towards the critical time if you're ever like pleasantly tolerating just tell me to fuck。

😊，do the same to you And I really like that line。 right。

 If you're ever just pleasantly tolerating me， tell me to fuck off and I'll do the same to you because if she agrees with this。

 and then she doesn't immediately tell me to fuck off what she's saying。

 she's saying we're not pleasantly tolerate each other。

 She's making a logical investment in us liking each other。 And what did I say a minute ago， right。

 There's a lot of good vibes between us。 But we don't have that logical agreement yet。

 So this is a line intended to get that logical agreement， But it's phrased in the negative。

 It's framed in sarcastic way。 It's not this very like sincere get done on an and proposed kind of a thing。

 but it is getting that logical assertion of yes， I like you。 Very important。 All right。I mean。

 I would have been like act busy like， yeah。Oh so you're like a New Yorker and minor detail there。

 right when the girl walks off？The way she did it， you pretty much know she's coming back。

 But even knowing it， guys will get a little nervous and they'll call her back or they'll take a step towards her or theyll they'll flinch in some way。

 The fact that I just completely stood there and fully let her come back is kind of an important power move。

 That's sweet of you。 I appreciate that。You didn't look like the average。

Either so I endeavor to never be average And again， logical assertion of why she likes me。

 you didn't look like the average， you know person in any。Yes know。有心吗？You seem fun。

 a little bit of physical escalation。 When do I escalate physically at times when she wants my validation。

 at times when she's very bought and at times when I have the frame。 And at times when well。

 first of all， the physical escalation should feel good because physical ecalation doesnt does feel good。

 But also at a time when even if she was a little nervous about the physical escalation。

 The fact that she wants my approval and she likes me so much that the approval from me feels so good that even if the physical escalation was neutral or even slightly negative。

 the net feeling would be a positive feeling， So it's why that's one of the reasons why it's important to escalate at high points。

 But specifically it's important to escalate at the points when she is qualifying to you。

 even where she's flustered， she wants your validation。

 those are the absolute best times for physical escalation。 and interesting。

 I don't know if I trust you yet。 So I don't like Russian。 I don't know if I trust you。

 I don't know if I trust you， it's a likely frame to come up， But who said it first， I did。

 And now this is absolutely a frame she's gonna have。 but it's softened。

 it's a lot lighter because I brought it up first。I of everything youve been telling me I have no idea abouts bull。

 disqualifying myself， but not really。 like she knows I'm kidding cause no one would actually say this in seriousness。

 right， being lighthearted， not being like trying to be like， no， no， you can believe me。

 I be serious， that kind of thing。 being the opposite。

 Ta it as taking it for granted that she's gonna trust me rather than trying to convince her to trust me is a much stronger。

 much better move。 And also keeping the banter， a lot of guys forget to do this。

 Once you decide you like the girl， they forget to keep bantering。 No， you want to keep the banter。

 It's very， very important。 if it becomes boring。 if if you got her attention by being this interesting。

 cool， sexexy guy。 And then as soon as you have her attention， you stop being that guy， Well。

 you're gonna lose her attention right back。 of everything youve been telling me that I have no idea about。

I I just make up a different story for everybody onm pathological liar， but at least I'm interesting。

That's's Yeah， you go with that， All right。So at person we went to do， we can come up with I got a。

Don't worry， every time you see me， it'll be a different story， that'll be crazy。

 but it'll all be very like well thought out and consistent because I'm， you know。

 I'll be impressed you can keep them straight。I'm a high IQ pathological liar don't worry instead of good so I am。

Very tempted to。Continue getting to know you for some means。 We can do your food， if you'd like。

 if you have， I don't know if you have， I don't have drinks。

 but if you have drinks in like a cool show place， we can go， I'm good with that。 I don't mind。

 I just don't like， you know， rape me and still my kidneys。 Okay， so there's a lot there。

 There is a lot。 bunch of different things。 Number one。😊，Notice my delivery。

I slowed down considerably。 Why did I slow down in my delivery， Because I want to be able。

 as I am saying this in real time， to evaluate how she is responding to it。

 If I rush all this out and she has to digest all this information all at once。

 And I don't know how she's even responded to the first part as I'm getting to the last part。

 That's a problem。What I'm going to do here is I'm starting with very safe things。

 If she's okay with the very safe things， I'm going to try for things that are a little little less safe。

 things that are a little less safe， things that are a little bit less safe。

 If she responded negatively to the safe things， I would tone it down and not push for those other things。

So do you notice after I suggested that I wanted us to continue getting to know each other in some way。

 she said， okay。That's very good。 She's on board with that because that's the fundamental thing I need to be the case。

If we've both agreed， we want to keep hanging out， now it's just a matter of figuring out the logistics。

And now we can be teammates。 we can work together on the logistics。

 if she wasn't even sure she wants to hang out with me before。

 or if she's still feeling kind of spiky and gonna give me a hard time about that。

 that's a completely different ball gameme。 So her saying yes to that is absolutely huge。

 And then I just start suggesting plans。 But what do I do， I disqualify plans。

 I say as long as this we can do this。 Or if you promise this， we can do this， So I'm not like。

 will you please come back to my place， will you please hang out with him， can we please go to。

 I'm not asking permission。 I'm suggesting I might be willing to do this and this under these conditions。

 It's a much stronger frame much better frame overall。 And strangely。

 it's actually going to make her feel more comfortable with the whole thing as well。 please。

 I need my kidneys。 and my lungs。 Yeah， and organs that I have only one of even more。

 So don't harvest me on the black market。 We're thinking all right。😊，嗯。Yeah。

 you seem like cooler than the average bear。Plus， I'm kind of tempted to entice you to come not just yet but come to New York。

 So I feel like you would do well there。 I feel like you would crush it。

 You and I would take over the fucking big Apple together。

 That seems a little relationship that seems a little providerry。

 which is not something you'd necessarily want to do so much。

 if you are you've met a girl 20 minutes ago， you're taking home same night， that kind of thing。

 So that's a little bit debatable whether you should do that in this particular case。

 I felt like it hit the girl's blueprint pretty well。 she was a very ambitious girl。

 I felt like she saw me as a very high value worldly successful guy。

 And so I wanted to kind of remind of that in a subtle way。

 And also I don't mind building a little more comfort because she's already agreed she likes me。

 She already agreed she wants to hang out more。 So at this point。

 more comfort may get her to the next step。 Now more comfort may make it harder potentially to sleep with her and when we get there。

 But getting to the next step is the biggest priority。 So that's the main focus at this point。

 So that's some of the reasons why I would drop a line like this。 but it's a 55。😊，DeI could say you。

 there's some good things about it， some bad things about it。

 it's really a judgment called whether you'd want to go with something like that。

I'm enslaved to figure out how much bullshit youre feeding me How much bullshit I'm feeding you。

 Which part do you think is bullshit Great way to respond to a test。 be amused by it。

 She says I'm to define find how much bullshit you're me how much bullshit I'm feeding you with a big smile on my face。

 super amused， not offended， not like scared or squirrely or weirded out by it。

 just like like amused Like that'， that's a hilarious thing for her to upset。😊。

Which part do you think is bullshit。 And then this is great。

 This is a great response to a lot of shit tests， especially shit tests and comfort。

 is to ask them to clarify。 because a lot of times a shit test is coming from a vague emotional place。

 It's not coming from something logically thought out It's not coming from something reasons。

 And if you make them actually talk it out， they're gonna realize it silly。

 and they'll pass the shit test for you。 they will explain their way away from it。

 And so in this case， which part you think is bullshit。 And this is really good because first of all。

 if you actually thought any of it was really bullshit， you probably still wouldn't be here。

 So the answer oftentimes is none of it or not a lot of it or something like that。 Also。

 I want to find out the objections。 when you're in a sales situation。

 we're in a situation where someone's interested in something。

 whether it be a product or in this case， the product is you。 But they're not completely sold on it。

 there's some kind of hesitation is some kind of objection。

 If you find out what those objections are or sometimes what their restrictions are objections or actual reasons or I call objections and conditions。

😊，But if you don't find out what those are， you can't problem solve them as soon as you know them you can。

 so I would love to hear that she doesn't think it's bullshit。

 but if she does think someone's bullshit or if she does have questions about some of it。

 I would much rather have her think that and tell me so I can help solve it than have her think that to herself and I'm just guessing right finding out what the objections are is actually very important。

Be honest， don't don't even， don't even hold back be honest， I don't think a lot of it is。

I don't have it。Okay no Im like I'm having I'm like not reading I was gonna since your age took me my surprise because these that older than me and already like as soon I made I may I'm mature and sophisticated and you know what at first before you even open your mouth just I was like oh he's your being Yeah he's from European Yeah absolutely So if I like it you were gonna like you just like you like put your arm up before you open your mouth I was like oh okay I was waiting for the accent and then I was and you know what？

If're you're absolutely I'm going to stop and talk you anyway we're going to have a great conversation so that that opened up to I will stop and talk to this person and then。

back but your full call so I was like guys stick around Oh I'm glad you kept me for the compliment I thought you kept me for like the charmed personality went but。

I see what We got there。 We got there。 We got there。 right。

 She's explaining why it's a win for her rather than a loss。 why this all just happened， et ceter。

 she's actually creating this whole story in her head。 And she's she's telling it for me。

 which is great cause I don't have to create it。 This is exactly what I would want her to think or how I would want her to feel is like it just happened。

 one thing LED to another。 And now instead of being again。

 this nebulous feeling if I kind of like this guy， I feel good around him。

 Now it is this guy was this， this and this positive quality， which is what you want。

 So what have you done for me lately kind of relationship。 I get it。 Okay， fair enough。😊，Okay。

 I do not have drinks。This is great。 So what what's going on。

 The discussion is not about whether or whether or not we're gonna hang out together further。

 That's not the discussion。 That's assumed。 The question is about what the logistics that make it work are。

 That's the discussion you want to be having。 You don't want to be having the discussion of are you coming home with me tonight or are we gonna stay together。

 The discussion is， what's the appropriate place， What's the appropriate logistic。

 What's the activity we're going to do together。 That's what we're doing。

 And now we're on the same team。 We are problem solving the best solution。 It's not me against her。

 It's us working together to find the best plan。 this is how you want a poll to happen。

 You want it to be collaborative。 Do you have access to food or snacks or some kinds Like even if it's cereal。

 I don't care。 And so here like I'm making the criteria from me going to her place about whether she has food and drinks and that kind of stuff。

 not about you know that it's all about the sex。 Now we obviously like each other。

 It's obviously we both understand that if things go down we go to a place together。

 it's likely that something physical might happen。 We get that。

 but that's not what we're talking about And again。On the same page about hanging out。

 that part's not in dispute anymore。I have a three year old in my houses So her place is probably out。

 But at least the reason for not going to her place is not I don't want to see you more I don't want anything to happen between us。

 it it's a situation of it's just this logistical thing。

 And now it makes sense to potentially go to my place。

 Quick note on going to your place versus going to her place in general for sets that are very on your place is is just better because you have control of all logistics and there's not some weird random factor that's gonna to mess it up or you're not going end up in some situation where you both want to have sex。

 but she has a roommate and that becomes a problem or I've had situations where you go back to the girls's place and there's like a security camera there。

 And then she forgets this there just go shit， I can't invite you in because I'll get in trouble or whatever。

 Okay So you want a situation where you're in control of logistics。

 And so most of the time you want to go back to your place。

 especially when this setss really really good。 Some。For situations where it's not so good。

 the girl may not be comfortable going to your place。

 but she would be comfortable going to her place， which is her home turf。

 and it may be a much easier sell to just go with her direction。

 the river is flowing than to try and divert the river into the direction of your place there are also sometimes factors that will influence this like for example。

 if the girl has a dog sometimes the girl cannot go to your place at least in her mind because it would be cruel to the dog because a dog needs to go pee and go use the restroom so in that case。

 you have to go to her place because she doesn't want to be cruel to her dog so it's not even a choice you just got to go to hers So that's a possibility。

 The other one is sometimes if the girl has to get up early for work in the morning sometimes she's a lot more comfortable going to her place than yours because if she goes to yours。

 she doesn't know about waking up getting dressed， getting showered。

 getting to work that kind of stuff whereas if she's at her place。

 she knows that she can do her normal morning routine and she'll be fine and she can always just kick you out or even just let you stay in sleep if she trusts you enough but the fact of the matter is it's a lot less。

Of a commitment and a lot less of investment， less of a risk for her to potentially go to her place。

 So keep in mind， there are times when it will be easier to go to Gro place and you don't want to automatically always force it to be your place right there are very few always and nevers in game。

 So while your place is generally preferred and it's important to have good logistics and have a plan for how to get to your place and all those things。

 There are times when going to her place will be the best solution and you want to be aware of them and don't fight that when again。

 go with the flow of the river。 Okay enough。Let's。 I actually I actually really like kids。

 So I'm okay with that。 My only question is。 And so here I'm fine I actually would be fine with that。

 I don't care。 I don't care about going to her place unless it's an issue for her in a roommate and stuff like that。

 So I'm still keeping that option open。 especially because if there is some kind of strong objection to my place。

 I don't want it to be an all or nothing kind of thing。

 I'd like to keep that door at least partially open in case I need it。

 you provide entertaining conversation and some've eaten half a meal。

 So I need some of let's pick up food on the way。 Okay， so we've both agreed on food now。

 I said I'm curious about I was getting food anyway。

 right we've agreed we're gonna get food somehow Now， this is good and bad。😊，Why is it good， Well。

 it's good because we have an agreement about someplace we'd both like to go together。

 So we're gonna go somewhere together。 That's that's a given。 So it's the next step is achieved。

 Now it's not the ideal next step， though it's actually my least favorite next step in some ways because。

Going for food is problematic。 Go for food oftentimes means going to a place that's not your place or her place。

 So you still have to do that next step of going to your place or her place next and you have to keep the momentum and keep things good during it。

 and certain places that we're gonna have food， there's problems like there's a long wait for the food。

 And by that time， maybe this sexual vibe has diminished Or maybe there's a situation where if it's like sit down food。

 you have to wait for the waiter wait for the waitress go through this whole process。

 you miss your window like maybe it's on。 but then you don't have to check yet。

 you don't have food yet and be weird to just get up and leave and it would feel very try hard and pushy And then things don't work that way。

 Or maybe by the time you get food especially in some places like say like in New York or Vegas where places things are open until oftentimes4 in them morning even slightly later。

 by the time you have the food， the sun's coming up and it feels like daytime again and that's really weird。

 Or if you go to Sweden in the summertime。 it kind it feels like daytime very early on。

 And that kind of makes the vibe weird。 So there are times in places where food is a really bad idea。

 other thing with eating food is it can make you feel quite。😊，Heavy and make you feel less sexy。

 So it's my least favorite pull。 This is not the way I would like this to go down， but it is a win。

 Like it's a winning position。 It's progress。 it's moving towards us being together you know a man and a man in a woman in a room with a bed it's progress towards that。

 but it's not my favorite progress towards that I would prefer other progress。 So what do I do。

 I say we can grab food on the way。 this is very key。

 I don't want to do sit down food and I say grab food on the way。

 And then she goes on the way where and you're gonna hear how I handle this。

 And this is the thing that trips a lot of guys I'm so going to just hear exactly how I handle it work。

😊，On the way to somewhere show where we can talk because there's a three year old。H， I will。

Can I trust you Okay， so she's can't be her place， something I like I will and about to invite her to my place。

 but I put a restriction up first right again， I want her solving the problem。

 I want me that being the one that's resistant not the other way around is just a better frame。

Like you going to like are going to are you going to pull a gun out of there and rob me blind or can I trust you？

I keep a gun in here and we get to prepare myself from men like you like me。

 you don't know anything about men like me。Hi， let's do this。Against my better judgments。 I will。

 you can come hang out。 We can order some food。 I I'm a big fan of I'm a big fan of the seamless。

 I'm a big fan of the seamless So we can we can order whatever you would like。

 I'm assuming it'll be like And so she says we can hang out where。

 And the thing I want to avoid saying， come to my place or whatever， which to be fair at this point。

 it probably would be okay。 but maybe not it's a little potentially dice here you might might have instinctive resistance or whatever。

 So instead would I say I say let's order let's order some food。

 I'm a big fan of like the seamless or nowadays it be like'm a big fan of the Uber eats something like that。

 And if you're gonna get ubers or seamless， that means you have to get delivered to an address you have to get delivered somewhere。

 So clearly going to an address。 or're clearly going to a physical place。

 And probably your place because where else would you know that you can you know order food to。😊。

So it's already assumed that it's your place， but I'm not flat out saying it。

 I really do try and avoid those words just because certain words are red flags。

 and it may seem silly。 It may seem crazy， but I've just seen too many times that the attitude changes in the vibe changes once the words my place come up。

 pizzaa and or diner at this hour， but whatever we can get。Um， we can hang out and show。

 I just don't want you to have like expectations of me because I am a shy innocent boy。

So if we hang out and talk and it's amazing and I don't necessarily make a move on you。

 I don't want to be offended。 Okay now that's great。 So now again。

 I'm framing that I'll allow her to come back with me。 I guess I'm okay with it tentatively。

 but I just don't want to have expectations that I'm gonna make a move or expectations that it's necessarily gonna go to sex。

 And that's a really great frame， So I'm not precluding sex。 I'm not saying it can't possibly。

 I don't say I absolutely will not make any move on you nothing can happen between us。

 which I've done that in the past and it kind of works。

 but this I like I hope you won't be offended if I don't make a move on you you know I'm not 100% sure yet。

 that's a really good frame because it's saying that I don't have this pure sex agenda It saying that it's about the experience for me。

 It's about whether we have chemistry。 I'm just playing it know I'm playing it by ear。

 I'm seeing how it goes。 I'm in for the experience。

 which is very congrut with the way a girl's thinking。

 And it also very much makes it seem like I don't have an agenda。 It makes it way less creepy。

 way less scary， way less of a risk for her。And then there's this idea in sales and in game。

 which is once you've put an offer on the table。 once you put a proposal on the table。

 oftentimes silence is your best friend， they say after you ask for the close in sales。

 whoever speaks next loses So you don't want to talk over your own clothes because oftentimes she'll think and think and then eventually like yeah or yeah of course。

 not or something like that now she goes and she seems a little hesitant。

 So now I'm going to joke around and enlighten lighten the mood a little bit and not even joke around I'm gonna pull back and lighten the mood a little bit and just give her a way to discuss because it's not an overt yes。

 it might end up being a yes， but there's possibly some objection here。

 and I talked earlier about objections I want to get the objections out So she's gonna tell me some objections。

 I want her to be able to tell me those as comfortably as possible And in a way where there's no tension and no friction so that I have a nice clean plate to be able to solve them。

 I ask a lot to take it take your time。Yeah。You have a good sense of humor， by the way。

 I have so many questions。 Okay， good。 I want her to ask these questions。

 A lot of guys will try and to avoid the questions or like power through the questions。 I no。

 I want her to ask the questions。 I want her to get to a place of logical agreement and positive decision。

 I don't want to be just like stumbling over know over the line and barely getting her back to my place and have a very tenuous I want her bought in emotionally and logically both。

 So if she has questions。 if she has objections again， I want to hear those。

 I want to address her questions。 absolutely， and it doesn't have to go a particular way。

 if her questions are such that she truly doesn't want to go home with me this night。

 but she really wants to see me another day， there are times when that might even be the right way to go most of the time not。

 but there are times when that might be the right way to go and there may be times that she has legitimate valid questions that I have very good answers to and once she hears them。

 she'll be completely fine。 That's often the case。 But if she still has those lingering and unasked。

 it's a much worse situation， then if she gets the chance to ask them so I actually want the questions actually welcome the question。

I actually want to an extent the objections because if she has them。

 I would rather hear them and know about them than have them just festering under the surface。

Ask away I guess I don't know if I can trust you okay？Where are you？Go hell know。

In this snake right now， a snake， oh snake， okay I got it。Okay。

 so that's great too because she had like whatever objections。

 But then she was very easily distracted from them。 So clearly not top of her mind。

 And then when I started to stop what she do， she reached out， tried to take my hand。

 she's leading she wants my company， etc。 So overall is very good。

 And she has just the normal objections a normal girl would have she just met me 20 minutes ago she doesn't know me that well know how can she know she can trust me。

 These are normal things。 These are not like huge outlandish， crazy things and to be fair。

 they're not even offensive。 a girl of relative self-esteeem and quality is going to have some reservations about going home with a stranger because she was raised by parents who told her probably don't talk to strangers and told her to keep herself safe and all these different things And so none of this is a real problem for me it's fine。

 she just needs a little time。 she's a little comfort。 She's me to be cool。

 be accepting be understanding。 and well get there We'll get there。

 These are not huge objections So now we're gonna cut forward just a little bit because we're gonna just have like some small。

😊，And General Banter and flirting at what not a lot more of the questions relating to logistics and relating to getting home。

 which is what I'm really focusing on in this breakdown so let's jump forward to the next place where we have an intense well not intense we have a dedicated pointed exchange about that topic so let's hang on grab food and then at some point I have to warn you I can't stay with you all night and let you have your way with me and shit but I am enjoying it。

So I don't I don't mind and I like this I am enjoying same right I like this the assertion of that she agrees the fact that she's she's very willing to say she's having good time。

 very willing to say she likes me， very willing to say that we have is kind of special。

 that's a really， really good sign。 and notice that each time when I'm bringing up plans I'm not just bringing them up in this blanket way and Im bringing them up with a reservation or with a qualifier on them or I'm bringing them up with a hesitation around them or something along those lines right a disqualification very。

 very important for just maintaining sexual attention。

 also very important for not seeming needy or try her like you have an agenda。 I have。Yeah。

 that's actually perfect。Right in there she， she has no actual objection。

 but she just doesn't want it to be complete。 my friends。 She was like， yeah。

 that's actually no that's actually perfect。 right， We're good。 let's go。 We'll go to。😊。

Wch is I sorry sorry。Which is a fucking weird street boat。We'll grab some food， H out， talk。

 And then at whatever time you become bored with me or feel you need to go home or anything。

 I will get you an over the rest of。 And so I've shown this。

 this footage to students on boot camps before。 And oftentimes I get the question here。

 Why do I mention her getting bored with me or her wanting to leave or anything like this。

 Isn't that low value。Maybe slightly， maybe slightly。

 But the problem here that I need to solve is not a value problem anymore。

 It's a comfort problem And so students have often often asked why don't I say like oh when I want to kick you out all this and that and the other。

 Well， the problem with that is that would create discomfort。

 that creates a possible negative scenario。 This girl already likes me enough。

 She doesn't need to like me more。 She doesn't need to be more attracted to me。

 She already has acknowledged over and over again。 She really likes me what she needs is not to be sold on how amazing I am or how amazing the plan is。

 she needs to be sold on the fact that it's no risk。

 the fact that the worstcase scenario is still completely fine。

 So that's when I'm explaining for her is the worst case scenario。

 which is the worst case scenario where I turn out to be more boring and lame than she thinks I am。

 And even in that scenario she ends up with a free uber to her car or home and she's safe。

 she's good。 she ends up in her own bed。 no problem。

 That's what I'm that's what the most important thing here is。

 So maybe I'm giving up a little bit of value， but who cares。 I have an abundance。

 I have plenty of value here。 What I need is comfort。

What I need is her to feel safe that going home with me has。Almost no possible downside for you。

 you can't say it'll never have any possible downside。

 you never can know that as a girl going home with a random guy right。

 but basically it has the absolute bare minimum of possible downside that she can imagine。You。

Or if you totally distrust。 And so I say deal And again。

 deal and then silence so she can maybe have an answer。

 And then when I sense a reaction that maybe the answer is not going to be the best。

 then I will continue and qualify。 But again， after I make an offer。

 I leave silence to let her respond。 only after this potentially not a full confirmation to that offer。

 then I start talking again and a public or somewhere， which I really。

 I honestly don't have a horse in the race。 I just w to get。I really don't care。

 So I've made it clear to this point that I would prefer to just order in like I want to just go home and order seamless that kind stuff。

 I don't really want to go out to a diner。 And the reason behind that would probably be something along the lines of just I don't want the nonsenses of waiting in line and waiting on a waitress and having to be seated and waiting on the check and all that kind of stuff。

 I just want to be in a comfortable place。 And that's actually a legitimate reason that's even true of me not even on a pull but in my day today life。

 I would much rather just order the food in and then go out that's just me but I'm also making it clear to her that I'm okay with that if if that's what she absolutely needs。

 if it's a case of she wants to go to a diner or she's uncomfortable going back to my place。

 I'll do the diner thing because I have confidence in my future self。

 I have confidence in our growing relationship that at the end of the meal。

 she'll still like me and things will still be good and things can still go a different way。

 So I don't want to be in this like all or nothing my way the highway like。You know。

 take her to leave it swing for the fence or strikeout situation。 I want to leave myself out。

 especially in winning situations， I want to leave I want to be moving in a high percentage way towards the outcome I'm looking for。

 but I don't want to cut off all the other possible outcomes similar to when I found out that her roommate has a child and we're probably not going back to her place。

 or probably going to my place。 I still left open the door。 I said know I don't I like children。

 So I don't mind that particularly under certain circumstances， but yeah， we can go this other place。

 but I left the door open just in case， because if there was some objection to my place。

 I still want that open， I don't want to slam it shut。 And now I've cut off possibilities。Yeah。

 you stop me。I don't know I delayed you potentially look， I've had okay。

 the only hot do you want to grab my car？And that's great。 You wantna grab my car。 perfectf， great。

 We're going to the next step。 perfectf。 And even if we haven't decided where we're going in her car。

 We don't know if we're going to go to a diner or if we're going back to my place to order food doesn't matter。

 Her car is a great next step。 So regardless of anything， the answer is yes。

 And I don't have to figure out car to where or car to what it's a good next step， Yes。

 and this is a very important thing on the poll。 too。 A lot of guys want to know every single step。

 that's gonna to happen from here until like sex。 And if they don't see that whole game plan。

 they won't go with it。 No， it doesn't matter。 if the next step is a positive step， do it right。

 and you'll figure it out as you go。 That's completely， completely fine。 drove I mean。

 my car is in the garage。 I need to get it out anyway It know if you've had wondering You're good drive I'm qualifier。

 actually， very smart qualifier， by the way， you've had one。

 You're good drive because I don't want to like get in a drunk driving accident over a pole right。

 But that said also it's a good qualifier。 So it's not only for my own safety。

 But it's also a good game， right， qualifying that yeah， I'll go with you。 you've only had one。😊。

I'll go with you as opposed to that guys it's like oh。

 you're hammered drunk and about to kill us both Yeah I'm so I'm so down for sex。

 I'll do that right you don't want to be that guy either so it's a good game and it's also just smart。

I'm just worried to leave my phone through。I feel like you're good。

 They don't have any like closeing hours。 So here we've gotten to the garage where her car is and it turns out the garage is closed。

 so she can actually get in and get her car。 So that's a little bit of a hiccup。

 It's a little bit of an annoyance， but it's not really that big of a deal It could be a big deal。

 She got really upset about it and it changed her mood or something like that。

 But as long as I can handle it and make it not that much of a big deal。

 make it you know something that's just like a minor like pothole in the road。

 not like a serious like not the Grand Canyon then we' be fine。 I think you're probably good。

And here I want to solve the problem。 So I'm telling you， oh， you're good， yeah， overnight fee 30。

 Yeah， you're good， you're fine。 I've seen this before。 Yeah，'ll we'll get you home。

 We'll get you back。 No problem。 I think there's probably like an overnight fee， but yeah。

30 maxs are good。You're good。Yeah Uber right and then immediate problem solved。 She's like， okay。

 we can' she can't do anything about her car's like okay， Uber。

 which is the only solution at this point。 one way or another。

 we're Uberring right So either she's Uber to her place or we're Ubering together。 But Uber。

 I say yes， she said， yeah， and then I'm gonna take out my phone to start Uberring right because I'd rather Uber be to you know my place or were somewhere else rather than her place although if it was Uber to her place and I was getting in it would be fine。

 but we haven't agreed to that。 So I'm taking charge I'm leading。

 but towards something that's mutually agreed。Yeah， that's safer。

If you want whenever we part company， I'll either uber you home or uber you here whatever you prefer。

O。And I by the way， didn't even hear at the time。 but that's that's a good sign。

 So there was a siren going on at the time。 And so she said don't we don't have alcohol。

 And so she's already thinking about， you know not just coming over to hang out and have food。

 she's thinking about the next step。 she's thinking about us partying us hanging out further that kind of stuff。

 So that's a really good sign。 And it's also a good reminder by the way。

 have alcohol at your place it's a good good idea。 it will help it will convert so many near like polls that would have gone to sex to sex and not because the girl gets drunk not that's not the purpose。

's not why you have alcohol at your place。 don't have alcohol at your place to get the girl drunk。

 You have alcohol at your place to give the girl a plausible reason to come and then also to allow her to like once she's there to like feel like she's hanging out and doing something and having a party as opposed to just sitting around in silence。

 doing nothing at your place awkwardly that's the reason why it's more the social facilitator than anything to do with the actual alcohol。

 If， for example， coffee or tea had the。SameSoal facilitator role that like like association in society that alcohol has。

 it would work equally as well。 And if the girl was into T inviting over for tea would work basically almost as well as alcohol would。

 right， it's more for the social lubrican thing。 It's more for the accepted social reason for doing something thing than it is about the alcohol itself。

 So do keep that in mind， but it is a good idea to have those kind of things at your place。

 it's also a good idea to have other things that are fun to do at your place If your place is just like。

😊，When you get back there， just bare rooms with nothing to do and nothing fun。

 It looks weird and creepy。 And it's also harder to have something to do there。

 It's harder to keep the girl around in in in a normal， calm way If sex isn't immediately on。

 So all of these are good things you should have planned in advance。I'm sorry。

 The siren was like talking over you。 So I don't have any idea what you said。

 But I trust whatever you said is fine。 So basically from here。

 you're gonna gonna see us going across and getting the Uber。

 and one other final kind of funny thing。 So before the girls going in the Uber。

 this is quite smart and quite interesting。 She actually called one of her friends up and said， hey。

 look， I'm going home with a guy。 I'm gonna put my location on and also like call and check in on me。

 make sure I'm okay。 guyss a stranger。 So I'm sure it's fine， but whatever， which is totally fine。

 I respect it， It's good。 she's smart she's savvy。's not she's not young and stupid。

 So that's totally fine and totally good and totally funny。

 I'm actually gonna to tease her about that。 So that's a final thing。 And then we get into the Uber。

 which because it's Texas is a pickup truck Uber， which is fitting。

 I'm try just gonna play it the rest of the way for you。 So you can just see the rest。 what's up。

 Are you in a blue pickup blinking your lights right now。😊，Okay， cool。

 I think I see you just show where you are will be。We'll be at you in just a second， okay？Okay。

 see in a bit one。It was really weird， there's like an echo on the phone。

 I heard myself two seconds later。Why to have it sometimes， I don't know。 I mother。

I love and simultaneously massively appreciate the calls to the friends for safety。

 That's really smart and makes me massively respect you， but it's also hilarious at the same time。😊。

It's really good。Yeah。see my brothers。 Oh my。 alright， Well I'm massively intimidated now anyway。

 get in the car。Thank you so much。 I'm not talking about heavily sexual topics。

 I'm not escalating a ton， anything like that here。 We're we're going to the Uber。

 She's getting in the Uber to go to my place。 This is all very good。

 This is not a place to take risks。 This is， we've discussed this other way。

 other places in the course。 you've seen this concept before。

 But when you're going to a venue change when you're going in a winning direction。

 You don't overcomplicate things。 Keep it simple。 Keep it easy。 Don't。

Don't mess up winning situations。 All right， So good example of a poll。 This is again。

 because it was a shorter poll towards the end of the night。

 It was not heavily physical before we got home。 In fact。

 there was no kissing until we were back at my place。

 It's not like we missed the kiss in this or didn't show it or anything like that there was hugging there was some talk of sex here and there。

 there was definitely a clear idea that there was a mandowo thing and there was that understanding。

 but there wasn't any kissing until we were back at my place。 but the tone was there。

 she knew she understood it was going down。 She understood you have alcohol。

 I don't have alcohol kind of thing she knew that kind of context。 And it was clear enough。

 and that's what you wanted to be。 You don't want it to be so obvious that it's like offputing or that it's no longer win。

 you don't want to be so unclear that shes surprised if you make a move later。

 but this in betweenween is pretty good。 Most of my polls would actually have more making out。

 And if you look at the other ones we have throughout this course， the other ones that we do show。

A more intimate and more sexual in nature than this one， but this is not atypical。

 like it's well within the range of how a pull could go down。

