# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：2 原型：2 - 聪明的好女孩（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

The next stereotype I've run into a lot of my travels is what I call the European smart girl good girl and so this is the girl who usually she comes from a European country but she could also come from any of the sort of Westernized fairly politically correct countries you could see these girls these girls in Canada you can find some of in the United States but less so more so it is it is strictly European and the reason for this is that the culture throughout Europe in a lot of countries is a lot more or I say a lot less arrogant than in the United States like we have in the United States this idea of like the rugged individual we have this idea of like celebrities and stars that we put a lot more emphasis on than they do in Europe in Europe it's a lot more of like people sort sort of fit in and there's much more clustering towards the average whether in reality or not I don't know but philosophically in attitude wise it seems to be the case and so I've met in my travels there a lot of girls in Europe that are very pretty very smart and they've done well throughout their entire lives by following the rules。

And not trying to stand out or be ostentatious about it， but trying to fit in and follow the rules。

 And so these particular girls， they are not super impressed by you acting like a celebrity being arrogant because that kind of behavior comes off as fake to them or even it's something they've been kind of socially conditioned to be turned off by because they've succeeded through this path of following the rules anybody who's being irreverent or breaking the rules is not going to succeed with them Now the difficulty though is most of the things that are going to make you stand out as a man involve standing out。

 they involve breaking the rules So this girl's blueprint involves following the rules and that she sees a lot of value in that and a lot of safety in that and a lot of comfort from that but at the same time she doesn't sleep with every guy you need to somehow stand out So the secret to this blueprint is this what you want to do is you want to show that you're the guy who could do all the things that she' socially thinks she likes but then you're the guy who chose to do。

Something more or something different。 So that way you're getting all the status and all the relatability。

 but you're also standing out in some way。 So， for example， you can be， or for me。

 I'm the guy who was academically good and was all set to go get the good job and go set to get the good stereotypical good life。

 And then I made an intentional decision not to do that and do something else。

 And the grass to set up and take notice of that because you're basically telling her in your conveyance of yourself that you had the life that she's been told your entire life or you're on path for that life that she's been told is the good life and that you even agreed with her and werere going towards that at a certain point So you're starting from a place that she's an agreement with and then you made a different decision and from there you can lead her to where you are and where you are is。

 it stands out or it's better or it has more of the evolutionarily attractive qualities that youd like to convey as a man than her typical guy would。

 But it's very importantly you ground it onto her reality because if you go into this girl and you just say you're an entrepreneur。

That might be outside of her reality。 or if you go out and say that like you quit school and went and did this thing。

 she's like a guy who quit school， what a loser or that seems unsafe for that that doesn't fit my value system。

 So you want to fit in enough to accept that she' you're acceptably in the category but then you want to stand out from there。

 And so the idea is called pacing and leading you show her that you can fit into that world of values and you understand that world of values and then you show her something that's eye-opening and different and better and makes you stand out and be unique。

 but it is very important that you ground it onto her reality。

 It's also very important that the things that about you that are possibly bragging or possibly arrogant as much as possible you'd like to come up with come out with them slowly rather than bragging about them and you'd like it to come out in a way that other people are telling her about them or she's finding out about them rather than her hearing about them from you Finally。

 with this type of girl patience is huge just spending time with the girl is going to do。

lot because if you're trying to convey too much too fast， it's gonna to come off as try hard。

 but if you have time for the good quality yourself to come out gradually。

 it can come out in a more modest way and yet still be elevating you to the value level you need to stand out Another type of girl that's a similar archetype to this European goodg smart girl is also I would call the American good girl smart girl who has gone through academia and gone through following the rules。

 there are girls like this in the United States， especially ones that are heavily heavily educated ones that have like a few too many degrees and their parents put them through school。

 but they weren't necessarily rich， they just did it through being academically good and working hard but they had enough resources they didn't like come from poverty。

 they came from like upper middle class but not Princess level That type of girl will have a pretty similar blueprints to the European version that I just talked about so it's worth noting because may as well have more examples rather than fewer。

