# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：3.开场白：7.非语言打开（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next type of opener， which under that circumstance can be very useful and powerful。

 is a nonverbal opener。 And this is distinct， by the way， from just having good body language。

 As we talked about in the week 0 modules， there's what I call nonverbal verbalbal game。

 which is when you're using nonverbals to convey an explicit specific message。

 That's what you're doing here with these verbal nonverbal verbalbal openers。

 So examples of this might be something like a high five cheers。

 like with a glass if you're in a club。 Those kind of things are nonverbal openers。

 Another nonverbal opener。😊，Flipping girl go off， There are different things like this that you can do on a dance floor playfully bumping the girl with your with your thigh。

 kind of like bumpy like butt bump on the dance floor could be a nonverbal opener。

 There's a lot of these different types of things you could do smiling at a girl and winking at her if you make eye contact is a nonverbal opener。

 beautiful thing about this is that in game in general， less is more。

 if you can convey the same message with fewer words less perceived effort。

 It's a more powerful message。 So a lot of times this is more powerful than fuck you。

 The other thing that this is as opposed to fuck you is it's visible from distance。

 And so there are some circumstances where nonverbal opener may be the only option you have。 So。

 for example， let's say you're in a situation where there's like a girl at a table and you can't access her。

 if you try and walk into the table then someone will block you。 i。e。 the guy whose table it is。

 But you may be making eye contact with a girl and you may be able。

Do one of these or wink at her or beckoning her even could be a nonverbal opener that's going to get you in a situation where you can talk with her。

 whereas trying to go in and have words with her really wouldn't work。

 And even if you tried to engage the group and win the group over if the guy whose table it is has designs in that girl and doesn't want you there。

 it doesn't really matter how good your game was， he's going to stump。

 So in situations like that that may be kind of the only option you have。

 It also can work really well as a reopener in some cases。 For example。

 if you've talked to a girl before。 and then you happen to bump into her again。

 you happen to have a situation where you see it from across the room。

 you could do a beckend or a wink or some kind of gesture， those kind of things can be very。

 very good in that context。 Another situation or another example of a nonverbal opener that's very powerful is there's an opener that in old school terms was called the hand of God。

 But basically the way that one works is you put the hand out to the girl as though you're like kind of offering her to dance。

 inviting her to dance。And if she takes your hands， then you can kind of pull her over to you。

 You can even start dancing with her。 But essentially you' gonna pull her over to you。

 And this is really powerful in a situation where you think the girl might be receptive。

 but maybe she's with guys。 If you were to go and approach that girl who's with guys。

 Those guys have every right， socially， at least to step in and try and protect her and be a white knight because they've been with her longer and it looks like you're this guy hitting on her。

 And no one would really think they're out of line from blocking you from talking with her。

 even though I'd think they are， But socially， a lot of people would just take their side。

 But if you put out your hand and she takes the hands， she committed to talking to you。

 she agreed by taking your hands。 And then when you， you know。

 can pull her over to and extract her from those guys。

 Those guys really don't have a leg to stand on and saying they're protecting her because she joined you willingly。

 This can also be good in a situation where she seated and you can't sit with her as a way to get her to stand up and put her into an environment where you could actually have a proper conversation as opposed to having her group all stuck around her。

 So there are a lot of scenario。Where these nonverbal openers can be incredibly useful。

 especially because in some situations， they may be the only option。

 Another situation where nonverbals are really， really good as an opener is if it's incredibly。

 incredibly loud。 Like if it's so loud that even at the top of your lungs。

 it's hard for the girl to hear you。 And when that's the case。

 oftentimes worse yet when the girl talks to you， it's even harder to hear her because she hasn't learned a projector voice and she doesn't know how to talk as loud。

 maybe as you do as a trained guy doing doing game。 So in that kind of context。

 you may need to convey a lot with a gesture。😊，a look， a flip off。

 a high five spinning the girl around in the dance floor and dancing with her。

 Those kind of gestures can convey a lot of personality。

 They can even convey push pull can convey like a lot of dynamics of， of who's in charge。

 who's chasing who。in situations where you can't talk very much。

 And then the idea would be in that loud environment to eventually get the girl to go to some require where you can develop a more a deeper connection because it could be hard to get a deep。

 deep connection with only nonverbals。 but you can get a decent amount of attraction that way and give you the leverage to get into a better situation where you can actually make things work finally。

 in a situation where you can't speak the language that can sometimes act very similarly to a loud dance floor environment environment where you can't talk。

 And a lot of times a lot can be done with your facial expressions， your gestures。

 those kind of things， maybe in addition to some kind of words。 right So example。

 if're in a foreign country， maybe you learn a few words like love， girlfriend， boyfriend。 Yes， no。

 and you can flirt with those good， bad。 And then you can flirt with those。

 And then also where you don't have a word， you can use body language and like gestures and expressions and things like that to then communicate the rest of it and then eventually in that situation。

 you'd want to get no one on one conversation and maybe use Google translate Or maybe if you slow down enough and talk slowly。

 you can actually。😊，Communicate。The nonverbal stuff can be very powerful in its own right。

 but a great use of it is to communicate in situations where normal communication is not available to you。

 right， So one is powerful because it's less try hard。 and。 and again， the less is more principal。

 but also， it may be your only option。😊。