# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：7 - 关于你的叙事_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

When I talk about narrative and game， I'm usually talking about the narrative of you and the girl together。

 when I talk about building a connection once you've already kind of built traction。

 evaluated her that next stage in the open closed model， for example。

 that's the narrative of you and the girl together and that's the narrative that doesn't come before premise very much it doesn't come before evaluation very much like you need to establish those things before you can really get into it too much。

 However， there is one part of narrative that you can start from the first moment of the interaction。

 and that's the narrative of you the narrative of who you yourself are how you're conveying yourself。

 and this is in everything you do。 the way you dress is a start to conveying your narrative。

 if you're dressed in a business suit， she's automatically going to start telling a different story in her head。

 then if you you have a lot of tattoos in you're writing a skateboard for example。

 if you are a little bit irreverence and kind of willing to be a little confrontation and combative and spar verbally。

That's going to create a different storyline than if you seem very。

 very polite and very like well mannered， for example。

 So this is being conveyed from the first moment and is can this is the way you can start affecting how you and she are going to be perceived and the story she's going to start telling about you later on and this usually comes first usually there is some narrative of you and who you are before there's a narrative of who you and the girl are together the beautiful thing is you get to decide this by again。

 the way you dress， the way you comb your hair， the way you speak。

 the topics you choose to speak about how sexual you are。

 how early you decide to make things sexual in the interaction by the frames that you decide to use by whether you seem to be very sort of romantic and forward or that you seem to be very like aloof and hard to get all of this is starting to last two are starting to get into the frame of you and her together but all of these are determining the narrative of you Also whenever you are giving biographical。

Whenever you're answering questions， you are determining your narrative。

 Think about all the questions you're most likely to be asked。

 She's gonna ask if a girl likes you at all， she's gonna to ask what do you do for a living。

 where you from， how old are you what's your family like in some way， brothers， sisters。

 parents something like that， So you should have answers for all of this。

 It's kind of like if if a teacher is gonna give you a test in advance and say。

 here's the final go study for it， you'd be silly not to look at it and plan for it。

 you'd be silly to just go look at， you know randomly in the textbook rather than specifically the questions you know you're going be asked。

 Because you know these are coming， you may as well prepare for them。

 sometimes you may as well address them before they're asked because sometimes the asking already is problematic。

 or the asking is already putting you in a tough spot。 So， for example。

 if you know any particular objections you get often， if you come off as。

Perhaps a little bit pish and the girl doesn't think that you'd be the type of guy that would settle down in a relationship。

Rather than wait until she brings up and says， I think you're a player， maybe if you know this。

 tell a story about how maybe you are a bit of a player。

 but you've had you know one or two girls in your life that you really built a strong connection with and they were like you in these particular relationships you are very。

 very attached and you are very very close and that may mitigate some of that player vibe you're getting later So you should be thinking and I don't mean overthinking I don't mean like constantly self-monitor or anything like that but again if you're telling the same stories over again if you have kind of the same personality you're conveying when meeting girls girl after girl give some thought to what that personality is give some thoughts to what those characteristics are because they're going to do and say a lot about how she's gonna to perceive you and this is something you can start doing from the very beginning and with all prefrming and reframing prefrming is typically easier and better。

 It's a lot easier to start off being a certain way and never have it be questionsed then to get tested and have to pass the shit test or have to。

Go under scrutiny later on。 So give some thought to this。

 give some thought to what is the narrative you want to project。

 It should be a narrative that's true and honest about you。 It should be a narrative you're proud of。

 It should be a narrative that's attracted to women for any guy there are likely to be potentially a couple of these maybe one maybe two。

 maybe three that are really really good choices。 and you can kind of pick So for me， for example。

 especially when I was younger and I was very athletic。

 I could pick like the sporty athletic guy because I was like soccer star in high school and then played soccer in college So that's one narrative that I could definitely weave in that would have played really。

 really well， especially at a young age in a scholastic academic athletic setting where where that was a potentially big thing So that's one I could have played Another one I could play is I could be the really smart guy and in some cases。

 even the smart nerdy guy might work for particular girls blueprints and it will talk about blueprint kind later on few videos from now。

 So maybe for some girls I could work。Regardless whether or not nerdy would work for a girl。

 smart is almost never going to be worse than dumb right if you have a choice between being perceived as intelligent or perceived as being not intelligent。

 intelligent is usually going to work so that's another thing to weave into the narrative ambitious。

 successful could be a good narrative in some cases the idea of like popular in having girls chase you could be a good narrative in some cases and I will say that all of those are narratives that I have played bits and pieces of or played to some extent at various times and had work really really well for me so there are a lot of different positive narratives I can choose from。

But I'm always choosing positive ones， and I'm inserting this narrative of who I am into the conversation early on。

 I'm starting out giving a framework for the story by having a narrative in place。

 you dictate to an extent the questions you're gonna to get asked you dictate to extent the challenges that are going to come up because the challenges that' going to come up are going to be under the assumption that this existing narrative exists if no narrative exists。

 she's gonna to start piecing it together from nothing and then it can be very unpredictable。

 it can be very very difficult to deal with so be aware that while this narrative of you and her。

 this connection isn't being established in great part until she's seen some value in you maybe you've won her over。

 she's trying to qualify yourself to whatever things like that So you're not building this deep connection and this idea of you and her in a relationship from the first moment。

 but you are building the story of who you are you're building your biography from the first second that you're interacting。

