# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 3第三周（吸引）：1.吸引技巧：04.夸张化挑逗（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Next attraction tactic is exaggeration humor。 And it's funny because you could almost just call exaggeration humor。

 humor。 I believe it was George Carllin， who said anything can be funny。

 It just depends where the exaggeration is， right， So exaggeration kind of is almost synonymous with humor。

 But what you're gonna to do here is you're again， overstating things。

 taking things to like ridiculous levels。 And the very fact that you're lighthearted enough。

 Carefree enough， willing to say ridiculous things actually isn't attractive quality in and of itself。

😊，Because it shows a willingness to lose a willingness to offend。

 a willingness to have the girl walk away， etc。 whereasas if you're a person that has a lot of social interactions。

 a lot of people like you， a lot of people want to be your friends then in that case。

 you're willing to lose one here and there and you're willing to risk it。

 if you have like only a few possible people who might be your friends and even there long shots。

 you're very likely to play not to lose， play very safe etc。

 the fact that you can be relaxed enough to do these do and say these atlandish things is very。

 very positive and then also the fact that you're spontaneous enough in the moment to actually be humorous shows a bit of relaxation the fact that you're not so like in your head and uptight that you are able to make kind of free random associations and find the humor in the situation。

 So that's why exaggeration humor is useful。 It also gives you a lot of leeway because if you're exaggerating something to the point of ridiculousness。

 it allows you to slip in ideas of the girl being attracted to slip in ideas of sex etc。

And lets you put those into the conversation without it being taken super seriously and without it being a big deal。

 So humor is very useful for that reason。 So it shows that you're relaxed。

 It shows you're capable of being humorous and it allows you to address a lot of topics that you wouldn't be able to otherwise So all of those are reasons why exaggeration humor is very。

 very powerful So some examples of exaggeration humor。

 first one is in passing a shit test it comes up a lot。 In fact。

 one of the formats for passing a shit test is called agree and exaggerates。

 So it's literally exaggeration humor you take whatever the frame of the shit test is and you take it to such a logical inclusion。

 you take it to such an outlandish place， but still following the same theme to point out how absurd the logical theme is So one example of that would be common shit test is you say that's all the girls you go yes as a matter of fact I do I think I've said its 758 times today。

 when I said to my grandmma it was a little weird but other than that it' it's been usually prepositive。

 clearly it's ridiculous。 you never would say pickup blend your grandma you wouldn not say to758 girls and。

And wouldn't have a account。 So you're being ridiculous。 you're being over the top。

 It is very important that you actually do exaggerate and be over the top when you do something like this。

 right， Like if， if she said like is that your pick money like yes， it is。

 I've said it to three girls today。That's not enough of an exaggeration。

 She probably thinks you've literally said it's to three girls today。

 He thinks you're weird and lame and creepy。 Allright， So the fact that it is outrageous。

 the fact that it is exaggerated is what makes it work。 It's also what makes you get away with it。

 Allright， Another one， I've actually used this one a lot since I since I came up with it。

 I I feel like if I hang out with you， I'm gonna wake up missing my kidneys。Obviously。

 I don't really think that if I actually really thought that about a person。

 I would not be bothering to talk to them and assess them and find it out。

 I'd be running for the exit as fast as possible but the idea is I'm taking this idea I don't know if I can trust you or you seem a little naught or scandalous and I'm exaggerating it to what's naughty and scandalous times 500 if naught and scandalous is like you might like you know show a nipple every once in a while or go skinny dipping then like really naughty and scandalalous is stealing kidneys and selling in them in black market What is really out there So take whatever the idea is exaggerate。

 It makes it fun。 It makes it funny and allows you to introduce the theme in a non-offensive way。

Final one I want to do for exaggeration humor is not even a line。

 It's a generalized format because this format comes up so much All right。

 And this is a format that's called the future adventure projection。

 And basically this is really good with a mini coldread as well。 So Min coldread is one format。

 You're so X It's just like why you're so cute。 You're like a little cuddly panda bear That's a mini coldd read a sort of silly mini coldd read And then what you do with the future adventure projection to say if this is true what else is true。

 So you be like so what we're gonna do is we're gonna actually sneak into a plane go off to China and get your eucalypt leaves because I actually care deeply about you and I don't want you to starve。

 but probably halfway there， I'm gonna get bored of you and I'm honestly gonna break up with you。

 So I apologize in advance。 you're making up this crazy ridiculous story by the way。

 I just made that one up on the spot。 I've never said that one before。

 But making up a crazy ridiculous story。 and it's clearly not true。 she's clearly not a pan。

 you're clearly not gonna to do these things。😊，And also within the story。

 there is this idea of a relationship， this idea of。

 you know you push pulling or the idea of you breaking up with her。

 and you can say those things within the role play a lot better and a lot easier than you could do if there wasn't that role play present。

 so again playing in the world of make believeie， playing in exaggeration land allows you much more leeway to be fun。

 lighthearted， humorous and to introduce sexual or intimate or teasing frames that you might not be able to otherwise。

