# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：11.进阶者任务：7.社会压力【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Challenge number 6。 for this one， you're gonna go approach girls in an environment where you have no business being there。

 So， for example， if you see a hot girl through the window of a makeup store。

 you're gonna go in there and you're gonna talk to her in the makeup store。

 Or if you see her in the women's section of a clothing store and the women's shoes section。

 you're gonna go talk to her。 If you happen to see a girl inside like in the window of Victoria's Secret。

 go talk to her。 right again， these are these are circumstances that a lot of guys are like， oh。

 but why am I there， I'm obviously just there to hit on her。 Well。

 if you're doing a good job hitting on her within a few moments or a few minutes。

 she knows that that's what you're doing anyway， Okay。

 So it's not like you're gonna hide your agenda that much anyway。 just go in there， man up and do it。

 You'll be surprised， how many good situations come out of it。 And actually， to be fair。

 the very fact that you're willing to go in there and willing to deal with that social awkwardness。

 It says good things about you。 But most guys will never do that。 Most guys。

 if there's not a premise， not a good reason for them to be there， They won't go do the approach。

 and they spend their whole life missing opportunity after opportunity after opportunity。

So what you're going to do for this mission is you're going to specifically go to places that are。

 I would say guy unfriendly， they're not even unfriendly。

 they're just places where guys don't feel like they belong or there's not a specific great reason for you to be there as a guy and you're going go talk to the girl regardless of that added social pressure。

