# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：11.进阶者任务：9.切换风格【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The8 and final mission is one that a lot of guys won't think of as scary。

 but it's one that a lot of guys have a lot of awkwardness issues with。 right。

 A lot of guys when they start talking to girls， doing approaches， that sort of thing。

 they develop a particular style。 And that style is usually either direct。

 meaning they go convey their intentions right away。 Hey， I think you're cute。

 I want to meet you or similar or it's very indirect。 Hey， casual conversation， casual conversation。

 And then later on， you bring up the idea of interest， you start flirting etc ceter。

 guysy are very polarized。 Some guys are very much into going direct。

 Some guys are very much into going indirect。 And there's not a lot of like mixing of the styles in most cases。

 And what happens with that is guys get pigeonhole because there are some situations where going direct is definitely better。

 There's some situations are going indirect is definitely better。

 And if you haven't learned both skills， you're gonna to hold yourself back。

So what I'm going to suggest in this8 and final mission is whatever your natural style is。

 I want you to go out and do the opposite style。 I want you to get used to it and I want you to get comfortable with that opposite style。

 So for those of you who go indirect， you're gonna have to man up and put your balls on the line a little bit and go direct right away。

 And that could be a little scary for you。 For those of you who go direct。

 You're gonna have to deal with having a conversation that maybe as polite and casual when you're not sure where it's going and it's a little awkward for you because you haven't shown your intent and you're gonna have to figure that out But learning this lesson of adopting this style that you're not used to is actually going be one of the single most valuable things that you can learn in game because what's gonna to happen in game and this is what I see for guys who get to intermediate advance levels is they get really good as long as things are going their way。

 But as as there's a disruption or weird events something that kind of throws them off course。

 they don't know how to handle it。 And usually that's because of this direct， indirect paradox。

 So say the guys used to going direct And he gets caught up in get to know you conversation where there's not a lot of like man to woman and now he's lost because he never learned how to have a casual。

Or the guy who's indirect， knows how to happen to call it casual conversation。

 but he just beats around the bush and doesn't know how to get to the point And so he doesnt doesn't have that ability。

 or maybe the guy who's indirect， he has good interactions， but they take too long。

 So maybe he's in a rush situation。 He doesn't have time to get the girl， know。

 to move things along fast enough。So learning the style that's not your style is an incredibly valuable skill。

 it's a little bit awkward， but it's incredibly valuable and it's going to be especially if you're intermediate want to get to advance。

 it's one of the single most useful missions you can possibly do， so go out there and do it。

