# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：8.性化_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

One critical element in attraction is sexualization。 That is the ability to be comfortable with sex。

 the ability to bring sex into the interaction， to make it what was platonic sexual。

 So just to kind of illustrate this point on a basic level， if there were two guys。

 one guys very comfortable taking a shirt off， One guys very shy about taking a shirt off。

 Which guy do you think is sexier。 Which guy do you think is more likely to be attractive to girls。

 etc ceter。 Probably the guy who's comfortable with his body comfortable with sexuality。

 that sort of thing。 The same applies verbally to being willing to mention sex， talk about sex。

 bring up the topic of sex in conversation， because again， it is a social risk， right。

 It's not entirely polite and proper to bring up sex and conversation， That said。

 if you're scared of talking about sex， you're probably not gonna have a lot of sex。

So it is an important thing to bring up。 And for this topic or this idea。

 I want you to kind of channel that 13 year old boy inside of you that used to think everything that remotely reminded him of sex was funny。

 Like if you heard the word hard， you thought it was hilarious right if you heard word the word wet。

 you'd be like right It's not even good humor， but it's just that sex is on your mind。

 And that's actually a big part of being a sexual person is you know。

 thinking of the sexual in in the nature of things。

So there are a couple decent examples and exercises for this and。

 and good things that you can do to practice this。 The first one is that's what she said。

 You guys are familiar with the idea of the that's what she said joke， right。

 So for those of you who aren't who've like lived under a rock or whatever。

 that's what she said joke， the way it works is when somebody says something that could be。😊。

Misunderstood as something a girl might have said sexually。

 Then you're gonna say that's what she said right。 So maybe you're with a girl and she's trying to open a pack。

 she goes is it's so hard。 that's what she said because obviously hard could refer to a penis or maybe going on the range like I just don't want to get wet like that's what she said or I was gonna misinterpret it in more game way。

 which is like tend to have that effect on people， which is we'll get to that exercise later。

 But again， you're bringing up the sexual in what's going on So that's what she said is actually a good exercise。

 don't overdo it。' it's a bit of a dated joke a little bit now。

 But still is funny in the right context。 And among your friends among like if you're with guys that that also game and are practicing It's actually a really fun exercise。

 one guy I know who had like world class game skills actually was obnoxious for like probably a year straight of saying that's what she said about every single fucking thing。

Out of anybody's mouth， I think that's overdoing it。

 but it is good practice and this ability to sexualize this ability to misinterpret things sexually is actually really。

 really useful So one exercise you can do for it is to just find that that's what she says whether you say them out louder whether you just think them to yourself maybe make it a point throughout a day every single time you could do it that's what she said just make a note of it to yourself make a note you could say that's what she said just be aware of these sexual opportunities or if you're with friends you're at work you in a situation where you actually can do that's what she said just do it out loud and go with it and that's actually positive too because you're taking the social risk of actually putting it out there so that's even better than doing it in your head。

The actual other exercise I want to give you for this is one that I wouldn't recommend you do exactly in an actual interaction with a girl。

 but it's gonna kind of create the muscle and create the habit and the skill that's going to help you in so many other areas of game and this is an exercise I like to call sex with me as like and the way it works you say sex with me as like and then an object。

 some kind of non-sexual object and then the reason why。So for example。

 if it sex with me is like a roller coaster， you go up and down and up and down and up and down。

Or a section me is like a rollero， you go faster and faster and faster and then you get off。

Section is like a roller coaster。 There are pictures being taken of you when you least expect it。

 etca， etc ceter。 or take something like chair。 Section is like a chair。 It's good on all fours。

 Sectionction is like a chair， therell be hard wood up against your ass。 section is like a chair。

 you can do it you can it works in every room in the house， something like that。

 So I had to come with the right phrasing for that one。

 But you see how all these different kind of ways that you can express you can take a very nonsexual thing and you can relate it to sexual things。

 And the secrets to doing this well one is practice。 But the other secrets to doing it well。

 is to see the object， not just as the thing itself， but as all of the associations with it。

 So if you were to think of let's say， like。A remote control。 Okay。

 so a remote control is just like a little like a thing that changes channels， right， as， as such。

 it's not particularly sexual。 I mean， you could say that maybe there's something fallic about certain remote controls。

 But that even that's a stretch。 That's what she said。But。If you look at it。 So， for example。

 remote control has buttons， pushing your buttons could be related to sex。

 remote control has to do with like changing things constantly。 Well。

 you can change things constantly during sex， remotemote control has to do with having the power So someone have power as someone exuding power。

 whatever during sex， So there's these different ideas。

 these different things it takes batteries So batteries could be like sex toys also have batteries。

 So maybe there's that relationship or maybe batteries have to do with your energy or how many times you can have sex。

 So there's all these different things that can relate。 and pretty much every object has that。

 So what I want you to do is is start seeing the nuance and start seeing the richness of language and of the ways that objects can be misinterpreted and construed as different things。

 as you get better at this exercise of sex with me is like。

 You're going to get better at misinterpretation， better at humor。

 better at sexualization in general。 So I'm not gonna suggest that you go talk to girls。

 you say sex with me is like a robotbo because。Whatever reason， right， because you do it。

 you do it wrong， gonna even if you do it wrong， you're gonna get wet right。

 something like that would be sex with me as like a robot。 You're not going to use that in inet。

 You're not going to use that when talking to a girl， however。

The skill that you develop is gonna to be useful in so many other areas。 you can practice this。

 of course， with friends。 a good thing to do with that is make it competitive。

 So you'd basically the way it would work with friends is you say you go back and forth on the same object。

 And you're done with that object when someone says one that makes no sense。

 says one that was said before or can't come up with one to say at which point the other person would be the winner。

 So that's how you could do it competitively。 You could also do it competitively with yourself。

 say like I'm going try and come up with， pick a number 5，7，10 per object。

 and do sex with me like this， sex me like this and see how many different ones you can come up with an object。

 test your powers of creativity， test your inventiveness and cleverness and you're gonna get better and better at it。

 Itll become easier and easier to hit that number。 again， not a skill。

 not a skill with that exercise。 I want you to use directly in an interaction with a girl。

 but it's going to build that skill of finding the sexual in the mundane finding the interesting and sexy in the everyday day That's gonna to be so useful to you in all kinds of areas of game。

😊。