# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：4 - 叙事技巧3 - 客观关联性(展示而非讲述)_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Throughout this course， we've been talking about the idea of honest signals。

 The idea that anything that seems like you're intentionally telling someone is more likely to be distrusted。

 whereas something that seems like it occurred by accident or someone else said it on your behalf in your favor。

 is more likely to be perceived as honest or more trustworthy the same applies in storytelling。

 which brings me to an interesting idea that is called the objective correlative。

 Basically what the objective correlative means it says show don't tell。 And firstly。

 this is just good storytelling。 right instead of saying this happened。 And this means this。

 And then this happened。 And this means this。 And I thought this， and I thought this。

 that's a lot of explanation。 and good storytelling doesn't have a lot of explanation in it。

 It has a lot of emotion， a lot of events and and interesting you know exciting things happening。

 but it doesn't have a lot of explaining。 If you said you know。

 these people broke up and he was heartbroken。 that's kind of it's fine， whatever。

 but it's not like good storytelling。 If instead you say he was sitting around playing like。

Cheesy love songs while looking at old photos and drinking himself like half to death。

 you get the idea right So the one thing tells the other you didn't you didn't tell the listener。

 This is how he was feeling this is what happened you let them discover it for themselves and by having them discover it for themselves。

 have them discover the interpretation themselves from the facts given they're actually gonna believe it more and it's gonna mean more to them and they're gonna feel the emotions of it better。

 So that's the idea of the objective relative。 this is something that's done a lot in in good writing。

 it's done a ton in movies because you have pictures and photos and images to convey something that's going on rather than having a narrator come in and explain it。

 which would kind of almost violate the idea of a movie so the idea of show don't tell is good storytelling to begin with beyond which it's gonna make your storytelling much more honest signaly it's gonna make it much more believable。

 So instead of saying that you know I was really popular in high school。

 which sounds a little bit braggy you could tell。Story about a high school party and these two girls that were like have like a little love triangle and were trying to like trick you into X Y Z。

 you know， falling for them That says you were very popular and girls like you in high school without you braggging saying I was popular in high school。

 And hopefully that's also an interesting story worth telling in its own right other than just to brag And that makes it very acceptable that you go ahead and say that positive thing about yourself。

 let's say that you travel a lot and you'd like to convey that。 Well。

 if there is a story of something interesting happening to you in another part of the world。

 just tell that story， you don't have to say you travel a lot once you've told two or three stories one where you're in Africa when where you're in Asia and one where you're in South America if you're from the United States。

 for example， she's gonna get the idea that you travel a lot。

 and she'll probably come to the conclusion yourself and she'll be like wow。

 you travel a lot and she'll be impressed by it。 As opposed to you go， you know， I travel a lot。

 been all over the world。 She'd be like God， this guy' is like trying to impress me his travel。

 please So there's a very big difference between。Telling somebody something about you and then giving them the information and letting them discover it for themselves or showing it through the various things that are going on。

 Another thing that's great for this。 actually， we talked about it in a way with the movie a reference is showing girls photos。

 one of one of my earliest mentors in learning game He actually had a whole thing he called the photo routine what he did is he had all these photos on his phone and kind of lined up in a certain sequence to show girls and it was essentially designed to convey who he is to convey positive things about him and to elicit questions from her while looking through it that would allow him to tell the stories he wanted to tell。

 And so he could have this person was a performer。 He could have photos of him on stage， for example。

 could have photos of him traveling。 He got photos of him like maybe if someone was fit。

 you could have photos of yourself in the gym or just with your shirt off or something like that。

Different things that you would like to show the girl。

  different things you'd like the girl to discover about you。😊，Can put those into photos。

 you can put them into stories by accidents and that's the key idea have them in there by accident show don't tell those attractive qualities and actually to be fair in your storytelling in general。

 you should be showing not telling the events of the story as well but in particular anything that could be perceived of as bragging anything it perceived of as it's to your benefit for her to know this it's much better if she feels like she discovered it for herself or it came up by accidents So try and find these opportunities to rather than directly say this is the thing in the story instead let it be discovered by the listener。

