# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：04.游戏时代：3.自然流时代【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The next major era in game was what we could call the natural game era。

 And in order to understand this era， you should first understand why it came to be。

 It did not come into being because people thought it was actually better at first。

 The reason it came into being and became to prominence really had a lot to do with marketing had a lot to do with making something that was palatable to people and also making something that would not be maybe considered offensive or politically incorrect。

See， natural game came into prominence after the book， The Game came out。

 which sort of drew attention to a lot of the canned game tactics。

 drew attention to them as potentially some might say from a politically correct looking frame like sort of manipulative seeming or it could be put in a negative light。

And so with that in mind， the idea of a natural style game where it's like just kind of be your best self。

 Just be your most confident self。 That kind of an attitude seemed to make you know。

 seemed a lot more palatable people seemed a lot more sellable seemed a lot more something you could put out publicly。

 Also， a lot of guys at this time where having issues where they felt incongruent doing the can game。

 They felt like they weren't being themselves。 They felt like they were lying to girls different things like that。

 And so that it made it a palatable thing for the audience that was studying this as well。

 But the main reason again， was， was for that marketing purposes because it was a more acceptable thing to package and a accepting a more acceptable thing to get people to believe it was something we would have liked to have been true。

 You would like that it's true that you can just be yourself And that was， again。

 almost hearing back to the no game era。 The natural game era is actually very similar to the no game era。

 It does have a few improvements on the no game era。😊。

First improvement on the no game era is that it just happened to come after the can game era。

 so certain things had been discovered through the can game era that sort of carried through to the natural game era so certain frame。

 certain ideas like being the prize or thinking of yourself as the prize was something that was actively communicated in the can game era and that idea still came through in the natural game era so you have now the no game era plus I'm the prize or certain techniques for escalation had occurred during the can game era and then those got brought through to the natural game era so again we have like the no game era plus I now know how to escalate or I now have some theory behind it。

So you can think of it as a slightly improved no game era。

 but there are tremendous issues with the natural style game。

 many of which are the same as with the no game style。

 One of the major issues with the natural style game。 Actually。

 I'll give you two of the major issues with the natural style game right up front。

 First one is running out of things to say That's now a problem again all of a sudden with can with no game running out of things to say was a huge problem with can game running out of things to say。

 at least on the opener early on， not a problem because you have routines。

 you have things to say with natural game， all of a sudden， you have this， what's my opener。

 what do I say， how do I get the conversation past the first 30 seconds and that has become a problem again right back to square one there。

😊，So that's one major problem。 The other major problem is sequencing right If you are just going and just doing just be yourself or just you know。

 be a confident version of yourself， Well， that's great in terms sometimes occasionally sporadically when when things happen to hit just right of getting a good reaction from a girl。

 But then what if you just keep doing more of the same。

 you're not progressing the interaction forward。 So if you just tease the girl and like， you know。

 give her a hard time， Yes， that will make her attracted to you。

 but that will not allow you to connect with the girl。

 that will not allow you to get physical with the girl， go ahead and close those different things。

 And so doing more of the same thing that has worked or more of the same thing that got that initial reaction。

😊，Is not going to be the right thing later。 I'll give you a metaphor。 Some told me once upon a time。

 They told me the best way to create a bad comedian is to put someone on stage with no routine with no nothing to say。

 no， no scripted material。Because what's gonna happen is that person is just gonna be nervous or he's just gonna go for the first quick。

 cheap laugh。 So he'll make like a funny set make like a fart noise in the audience or laugh。

 and then he'll that work， let me do something similar end up with a comedy routine that's all fart noise is can be the worst comedy routine you've ever seen or maybe he'll slip on the stage or maybe he'll say like you know make whatever He'll do some weird thing that gets a cheap laugh and he'll never get beyond it because he's learned that's what game is。

 natural style game started to become this。 It started to become people doing outrageous。

 ridiculous stupid things because it got a reaction and thinking that's all of game。

 And you got a lot of guys that were like oh， I can get a reaction from girls。

 but I never actually get them to like me。 or oh， I've gotten to the point where I can I can say anything I want。

 and I feel confident doing it but they're not talking about their results because their results don't exist。

😊，And so this lack of structure， this lack of progression really。

 really did hurt in this natural game era。One thing。

That was good in the natural game era was that guys did feel a little more congruent。

 and it did make guys feel more free。 The other thing that was good in a sense out of the natural game era good and bad was discovery of this concept of state。

 quote unquote So state basically is the idea that when you are in flow when you have done something with enough repetitions or you're fully engaged in something。

 then sort of some of your own natural charisma comes out。 And in fact。

 a lot of people when they do natural game。 they're chasing state， they're like。

 I just gotta get in state and then I can game And that's really kind of a sad way to game because let's say you walk out the front door。

 you see a hot girl and you're not in state。 What are you supposed to do go like talk to six of your neighbors before you can go talk to her in order to get in state。

 it doesn't work really on a practical level， it's problematic in a lot of practical scenarios。 Also。

 what we found was that if you try and chase state， you try and get yourself in a good mood。

 get yourself in the flow， thinking about if you're in the flow or not and thinking about。😊。

to get yourself in the flow is the single worst way to get there It's the single best way to put yourself in your head and out of the flow so while the idea of state does exist while there is such a thing as a flow state and being at your prime like level for performance。

Chasing it or relying on it is actually the worst way to get there。

 And it created these guys that were again very state junky。 And imagine， imagine two things。

 Imagine one， you don't know what to say to a girl。 And then two。

 you feel like you have to be in state to talk to her。

 you start getting incredible approach anxiety again。

 you start getting all these kind of things that happened in the no game era。

 possibly even worse because now you're holding yourself to a higher standard in game。

 One thing that was really good about the natural game era。

 one thing that it definitely helped with is escalation in the natural game era was a lot smoother because there's a lot more congruent。

 if you can openly say to a girl that you like her and just put it out there and you also have learned things like escalation sequences。

 i。e。 two steps forward and one step back or i。e。 first， you do a little escalation。

 if she's receives that well you do a bigger escalation and a bigger escalation。😊。

That does make for a guy that at least when a girl likes him is able to carry that interaction forward and take it to a result。

 So a guy with no game oftentimes will have girls like him。

 and he won't know how to carry it forward physically and won't know how to escalate it。

 Where is the guy with natural game who has a girl really like him。

 at least knows how to carry it forward physically or at least has something of an idea of how to escalate。

 Now he's not going to do very smoothly necessarily， he may not do in the most calibrated way。

 but at least he has an idea of the way forward。 And that means he can at least get a result。

 And what happens when you get guys that are kind of haphazard and random in their game。

 And they know how to get a result with a girl that likes them。

 but they don't know how to start a conversation very well and don't know how to get girls who don't like them to like them。

 Well what you end up with is a lot of girls that are of a mediocre quality getting essentially escalated on physically。

 and essentially that's the type of girls that guys ended up sleeping with and getting to relationships with。

 So there is actually maybe an uptick。😊，In samen sex for sure with the switch to natural game from can game。

 but there was a definite downtrend in the attractiveness of the girls involved。

 and there was also a big uptick in the amount of girls that felt guys were being very。

 very pushy or overly forward and were getting like kind of offended and annoyed by this process So those are the kind of the pros and cons there。

 but the good things about natural game one， it gave us this understanding of state even though even though its usefulness within natural game is very limited。

And it made escalation a lot easier。 The other thing it did is that it did make guys feel a lot more congruent。

 and it did maybe make for a certain type of guy game more fun and more genuine feeling。

 And so it made something that guys could get on board with a little bit better and it also made game go white because it's a lot more marketable So it definitely got more people into the community to share ideas。

 So those are the positives of natural game。 but in terms of effectiveness with the absolute hottest girls。

 it's extremely， extremely hit or miss at best。😊。