# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：09.接近焦虑：2.接近焦虑【课程更新加微信kc58567】

To start out this discussion of approach anxiety， I'm going to say something that's gonna to sound a little strange to you。

 I wish I still had approach anxiety。 Does that sound crazy。 Probably， right？ Well。

 here's the thing In my first six months to a year of doing cold approach pickup。

 Every single time I talked to a girl。 It was really exciting for me。

 It was as like butterflies in the stomach。 Oh my God， what's gonna happen， It was so much fun。

 It was such an experience。 Now， something like 17 years into doing pickup。😊。

I don't get those butterflies anymore。 I don't get that that crazy experience anymore because what's happened essentially is I've become desensitized to it。

 It's the same way that if you were to drink every single day。

 eventually it would take a lot of drinks to get you drunk right because you built up sort of a chemical tolerance to what's going on there and fear is the same way。

 fear is essentially they're self-created chemicals in your body And so by building up its tolerance to those chemicals。

 you no longer feel them as much。 And the reason that I say I wish I had that again。

 is that it's so much more exciting when you do have those things。 In fact。

 the rare times when I get just a hint of it when I see a girl that's really hot and really my type and I get a little bit of those chemicals。

😊，That's when I know I'm gonna have a good interaction。 I'm like， oh， this is for me。

 I'm actually up for this one。 And that's when I'm going to step up and do my best。

 So I truly miss that。 But that fact， and that idea of the chemical nature of fear is very。

 very interesting in terms of trying to overcome approaching as I trying to to get over it。

 And so the fundamental thing to understand is what is fear。 It is a chemical in your body。

 It's a chemical in your body。 technically， it' it's some something sort of like an adrenaline sort of a chemical。

Okay， so I'm gonna ask you a couple questions。 Question one。

 if you were in a dark alley and someone put a gun to your head， what would you feel， Probably fear。

 right。😰，On the other hand， if you are about to go on a roller coaster and you're just getting to that top。

 what would you feel， You might say fear， or you might say excitement， right。

 But the funny thing is both are the same thing。 Both are that same chemical in your body。

 The difference is how you're interpreting it。 right， So if you interpret it as fear。

 If you interpret it as O shit， you're gonna have an o shit response to it。 If you interpret it as。

 oh， yeah， Oh， wow， oh， this is amazing， you're gonna have that response to it。

 And so what I want you to to sort of understand when you get that approach anxiety feeling。

 understand， that's the feeling of being alive。 That's the feeling of an opportunity。

 That's the feeling of a chance to do something。 A chance to make your life better。

 It's not an o shit kind of a moment。😊，and the reason you're getting that oh shit feeling is because you're putting a lot of pressure on yourself。

 you're putting pressure on yourself that either if you go do the approach and it goes well。

 you'll feel like like a better person or if you don't do the approach or if it doesn't do well。

 you'll feel like less of a person or you'll feel like something。

 you haven't lived up to something or you haven't lived up to your ego。

 you haven't lived up to maybe an image you have of yourself something along those lines。

Tell you a story from when I used to play soccer in high school。

So I've been a really good soccer player for a long time。 But there are certain things。 You know。

 you're better at some things， Not as good at others。

 One thing I've never been the absolute best at is there's this long。

 like 70 yard ball hit like almost the length of the field way in the air。

 And you have to trap it and bring it down。 I've never been the best at that。 specifically。

 especially if it' it's like a headed situation。 I'm kind short。 So I'm not very good at that either。

 So it's always been something that I haven't really enjoyed。

 And something I'm a little afraid of in the sense of it's embarrassing。

 or I think I'm gonna mess it up or something like that。😊，So I was at soccer practice one day。

 goalkeeper hit this long ball。 and I sort of like just hoped that somebody else would get it。

 I hoped somebody else would bring it down。 And then after a second I'm like， go， nope。

 it's got to be me。 I'm the only person。 And I literally said， oh shit。

 And then I went to go get the ball。 Now my soccer coach was on the field near me because he's a training session。

 And after that play。 He looked at me as like， Todd that's not an o shit ball。

 That's the ball we want him to hit。 right， You better learn to handle that one。

 You better learn to like it。 because that's the one we want him to hit。

 that's where we want him to put the ball。 And it was a very interesting way of reframing things is very revealing to me because I was thinking from this very self centered。

 Like he go like place of oh， I don't want to embarrass myself。 I don't want to like do。

 I don't want to fuck up this this trap。😡，But what I should have been thinking is in terms of the team。

 And in terms of winning， right in terms of like successful soccer， that's the ball we want。

 If I can bring that ball down， we've gotten the ball into the attacking part of the field where we have momentum。

 things are going our way。 And so when I'm thinking about it in terms of， I want to win。

 I want to get a result。 That's a good thing。 When I'm thinking about it in terms of， oh。

 I better protect my ego。 or I don't want to embarrass myself。 that's a bad thing。 So a lot of this。

 this approach anxiety comes from actually not playing to win。

 your primary goal or the primary thing you're thinking a lot of times is I don't want to embarrass myself。

 or I don't want this to go badly。 or I don't want to like violate myselfim。 You're not thinking。

 I want to have sex。I want a great girlfriend。I want to have a really amazing interaction with this person。

 So if you start thinking about the positive and the opportunity。😊，Now， all of a sudden。

 instead it being fear， Is it being an oh shit moment。 It's an oh yeah moment。 right。

 That fear can change to excitement。 And that's one of the most fundamental things you can do to overcome your approach anxiety is start to get excited。

 right When you see a hot girl walking by instead of heart your're sinking and thinking， oh God。

 here's another opportunity for me to like， fail。 instead think here's an opportunity for me to succeed。

 Here's a chance for me to have a great interaction with this girl。

 Here's a chance who knows maybe we'll hit it off。 because that's the reality。

 The reality is if you don't do the approach。 Then nothing has happened in your life。

 If you do the approach and get rejected， nothing's fundamentally changed in your life。

 But if you do the approach and things go well， your life has gotten potentially considerably better。

 right， So it's an opportunity。 And the great thing about it is it's an opportunity without really a downside right Again。

 remember， we're not in that small tribe where every little social event has a huge consequence。

 We live in a big world of 7 billion or more people where you have plenty of opportunity where you're not gonna run out of women。

😊，There are I could go through the math of breaking it down。

 but there are hundreds of millions of beautiful women in the world。 Okay， there are so， so， so。

 so so many you're not gonna run out。 So it's not about did you succeed or fail with this one。

 And it's not about know you're not being judged on every single one because they don't know each other So instead of thinking of this idea of oh God。

 I better not mess up and instead think this is a free opportunity。

 It's like imagine if like if you' were to play lottto。

 you're buying lottery tickets like like scratch game tickets or whatever。

 It's kind of a shitty investment， you wouldn't want to do it。

 But if you just got a bunch of fucking free scratch game tickets。 Of course。

 you fucking scratch them off。 Of course， you want to go for the prize。

 Every time a hot girl walks by。 That's a fucking free scratch game ticket。

 You just have an opportunity to go up and say hi and only good things can happen So I really want to encourage you to reframe in your mind the meaning of a hot girl crossing your path。

 The meaning of doing an approach。 It's a chance to improve your life。 It's not a risk in any way。

or form。 And in fact， if you go with a positive attitude and go and just do your best。

 even if you do fail or get rejected， I promise you two things。 One。

 you're gonna feel better about yourself for trying and two。

 you're gonna learn something so that the next time you're even better off。

 So every single approach is a victory。 So again， it's like that scratch game if every single scratch off were a winner so I really want you to think about that。

 Think about that idea that it's a positive opportunity not a negative risk and think about the fact that that chemical in your body。

 Yes， you can interpret it as fear and be paralyzed by it。

 or you can interpret it as excitement and be invigorated by it and be more alive because of it。

 And I'll tell you 17 years into doing game。 I wish that that was stronger because every little bit of that excited chemical that I get。

 I love it。 I relish that and you can get to that place too。😊。

