# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：02.打开-收尾模式：5.叙事【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Narrative is an interesting phasing game because narrative is kind of what most guys wish they could do with a girl from the first moment。

 they wish they could just go up and connect with the girl and just be like bear their soul to her and get to know her and develop a deep connection。

 problemble is until you've done things prior to that i。e show value， I。

e have the girl when you over a little bit， the girl typically doesn't want to connect with you。

 But this connection phase is actually very， very important。 and it's what makes a relationship。

 This idea that there is some special story between you and the girl。

 And literally that's what narrative means narrative means a story like a narrative is a story So think of narrative as after the interaction or during the relationship。

 if a girl were to go talk to her friends and tell her friends about you and about you and her together。

 what would she tell them what is the story。 that is narrative。 what is that story。

 A funny thing is usually when guys are learning this model and they start focusing a lot on narrative I tell them hold off on narrative。

 wait on that。 get the other phases first and then work on narrative later。😊。

And I'm gonna tell you kind of the same thing here because you don't want to be trying to create narrative until you have established those other things because the girl won't want it yet。

 She has to kind of want to connect with you before you should be actively trying to connect with her。

 So I'm gonna say the same thing here。 And also the reason why I say weight on narrative。

 don't worry about it is because most guys that is instinct that is what they want to do in the first place。

 So once things are going well， they're naturally gonna figure that out。

 guys figure that part out much more naturally than a lot of the rest of game because it is very in line with our our preferences and our ideas when we do like a girl。

 So for those reasons I say oftentimes wait。 However， in this course in particular。

 we're gonna talk a lot about narrative。 But we're gonna talk about a piece of narrative that is not not the most obvious one。

 So there's two parts to the story of the girl has of you Part1 is who you are part two is who you guys are together So who you are as a man。

 like what are your defining characteristics is。Actually being conveyed to the girl from the first moment of the interaction。

 And this is one of the biggest areas where verbal game can be massively， massively helpful。

 So the phrasing you use for particular lines or the fact that you see either very bought in or a little bit more bse when delivering them。

 These things are going to contribute a lot to her vision or idea ahead of who you are So these are actually things we're gonna to be talking a lot about And the narrative of the entire interaction is a huge section of what we're gonna to be talking about in terms of verbal game。

 So this course is actually gonna focus a lot more on narrative than probably any other course maybe ever it's it's gonna to be a big part of what's going on。

 but I do want you to understand those two parts。 First is who are you second is who are you and she together。

 And the thing is she doesn't care about who you and she are together until you've defined who you are in a way that makes her want to connect with you。

 So that's the biggest thing to think of in terms of narrative for now we'll get some more later biggest thing to think of for now is first she needs to know who you are in a positive light before she once。

😊，be an us before she wants the you and her together narrative so think a lot about that and then also keep in mind that the words。

 the phrases， the modes of communication you're using are a huge part of the narrative of you they're a huge part of establishing who you are to the girl and so with that in mind that's something we are going to focus on a lot in this course。

