# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：8 - 猜测与验证_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So now that weve talked about what blueprint is， why it matters and how to react to it。

 we get to probably the most common question I get asked about Blueprint。

 which is what we're going to discuss for most of the remainder of this module。

 which is how to guess the girl's blueprints how to guess the girl's blueprint how to figure out how to know her blueprint and this can get very very complicated but the key thing is this you don't have to get it right right away if you did this would be very hard it'd be very hard if you had to walk up to the girl and on a first glance know everything about her and make all those adjustments that would be incredibly difficult。

It' would also be very hard if you had to go in and figure it all out from the information she's giving you because then it would take quite a while。

 then you wouldn't have any guess in her blueprint。

 you wouldn't know what you're trying to do for several minutes into the set。

 you would have already made your first impression you would have already decided which facets of yourself are going to display so how do you balance this how do you balance the fact that you want to start incorporating blueprint into your set as soon as possible but you have a lack of information to the start。

 Well what you do is you guess and you check you take whatever information you have available to you and then you start guessing。

 you make a guess and then based on your guess you check the reaction。

 So let's say and we'll talk about these particular categories and how to adjust to one or the other as we go through the rest of the modules here but。

Let's say that you think for whatever reason that the girl is going to respond strongly to high value。

 Well then you go in with a slightly more high value low comfort opener。

And then after you've delivered it， you notice the reaction， if the reaction is good。

 that vindicates your choice， that vindicates the assumption you made。

 and you should probably continue to make a similar assumption as you continue in the set。

If you get a negative reaction that seems offended。

 well then you went high value rather than comfort， you did this thing and she seemed offended， well。

 that would tend to indicate that your guess was wrong in which case you're going to adjust and you're going to follow that with a statement that has a little more comfort in it。

Let's say， for example， this is the less likely case。

 but let's say you went with something cocky because you assume she likeds cocky and she seemed completely unaffected by it。

 Then it may be the case that while you thought she was cocky， she would take cocky as her blueprint。

 maybe you didn't even go cocky enough and you to double down and go even cockier because it didn't even have an effect。

 It didn't even have any emotional impact that's possible as well it's less likely because again。

 game is played in this normal range and if you've already adjusted to the top end of the range it's less likely you need to go further but it is still possible So what's the point you're guessing in your checking and what are you guessing Well。

 if you don't know anything about the girl， you guess the average of the girls you've known and dated in your life So if you know nothing about the girl。

 let's say it was let's say it was like a blind chat room on the internet。

 you know nothing about the girl， Well you should in your mind have like an avatar a picture of all the girls you've met in your life and that should be the average of that should be your starting point and maybe what you would do。

Percentage wise is maybe pick all the girls you've found attractive in your life。

 you exclude the unattractive girl behaviors because you're willing to lose those。

 you're willing to turn off or offend the unattractive girls。

 so maybe you take the avatar of all the attractive girls you've met in your life。

And you assume it's that。 And then based on her reactions as you go。

 you're gonna calibrate more and more and more specifically。

 and you're gonna get closer and closer and closer by the minute by the second till within a few minutes。

 you're very spot on in terms of how you're interacting with this girl and you're very well calibrated for that specific girl at a more advanced level your guesses will get better because you're going to have more experience。

 you will have dated and slept with and gamesd girls that are dressed the same way as this girl and you have dated and slept with and gamesd girls that go to the same club where you're meeting this girl and you will dated and slept with and gamesd girls who have a similar physical appearance to this girl。

 you will have dated slept with in games girls that are from a similar country to this girl So your guesses are going get better and better and better the more experience you have and that's going make this guess and check process less of a guess you're going to guess correctly more often which means you'll be making smaller calibration moves and you'll get to the eventual result faster but between making。

A better initial guess and getting good at the guess and check process。

 the process of guess and check is a lot more important than having a good initial guess is。

