# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：04.游戏时代：4.引入优化的游戏时代【课程更新加微信kc58567】

So let's explore a type of game that to incorporate the best elements of can game and the best elements of natural game into something that's really better than both and a little spoiler for you。

 most of the guys who were good in the can game era and still remain good in the natural game era。

 actually do some of this style of game right even if they may say that they do natural style game。

 they're actually using a lot of can stuff still that they've carried over from that era。

But what would it look like Well， let's take the best elements Well first of all。

 you should have a plan， you should have a plan and an overall general structure of where you're taking the direction so you're not aimless in your approaches right you need to have an idea of here are the steps here's where I would generally like it to go now should not be so rigid that you can't adapt to what the girls's giving you because no two interactions are going be alike if you're too rigid you're definitely holding yourself back but you should have a general idea of the direction you want to take it in that's number one。

Number two， you should probably have a few lines that are just in the back of your head if needed。

 Think of it as like you over see in those buildings like in case of fire break glass。

 it's not something gonna access all the time。 but it's something you have when you need it。

 So let's say youre you're in an interaction and you're just having trouble making it manda woman。

 Well， here's a line you can throw in that will automatically do that for you or maybe you're you're in an interaction。

 you're having trouble getting the girl to start you know trying to you prove yourself to you so to speak it to start qualifying to you Well。

 here's a line you can use for that。 having a few of those lines would definitely be helpful。

 However， trying to use like crowbar and force them into every single interaction would not be useful So having them useful trying to force them in the interaction。

 not so useful。You want to use them when they kind of congruently come up and congruently make sense。

 Idely， and this is very important。 Instead of just having lines。

 what if you had a way of creating your own lines on the spot， How useful would that be。

 because now you don't have to memorize some lines。 And now you don't run out of material anymore。

 You can actually create them whenever you want。 The other thing about creating lines is that you're gonna create lines that are congruent with you。

 You're going tell stories that are your actual stories from your own life。

 Be able to tell them in a way that's relevant to the girl and triggers emotions in her in her experience of dealing with you。

😊，Right so you're not going to be so canned and rigid and formulaic。

 you're going to be congruent and natural with the types of things you repeat。

 but there absolutely is nothing wrong with repeating the same stories In fact。

 when someone asks you what you do for a living， you're obviously going to repeat a lot of the same things over and over again。

 but there are more and less attractive ways of answering that question。

 similarly to how there are more and less attractive ways of dealing with every different element within the interaction。

So the ideal form of game should have the ability to be as powerful and as charismatic and as on point as that canned style of game was and you should be able to use canned elements in the places where canned elements are best and work work most efficiently however。

 it should also be congruent and natural in the same way that natural style game is because you are being yourself throughout because you are creating your own routines because you're coming up with things on the spot and because the things you're saying are congruent with yourself so it's that nice merger。

 that nice in betweentween of the two that we're going for and again。

 most importantly is that we do have the game plan without the game plan without an idea of where we're going we would be lost both in terms of the interaction itself and also lost in terms of improving incrementally and seeing growth in progress。

