# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：11.进阶者任务：1.高级任务导言【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Welcome to the App anxietyet Challge program。 This part of the course is designed for those of you who can do cold approaches。

 You can talk to strangers sometimes， but not other time。😊。

RightLike if someone's standing next to you in line and it seems like it's natural， then it happens。

 But say someone's walking down the street with headphones on you're like and you just lose the opportunity。

 See everybody has their own particular hangups。 Some people it's talking to girls in groups。

 Some people is talking no girl with a guy present。

 sometimes for some guys's even if the girlss in motion at all rather than sitting down So we all have are like comfortable situations。

 the things that are natural to us and seem easy to us。

 And then we have those things that seem hard to us。

 So what I've done in this module is I've taken eight of the most common hangups that people have and I've listed them out for you as things that you can practice because if you can get good at these eight。

 pretty much whatever scenario is gonna to come up you can probably master it。

 you can probably overcome it and you're gonna have like the guts to go ahead and step up to that new challenge right So these aren't any particular order These are just a series of things that tend to make people nervous。

 if you look at one of these and it's absolutely no big deal for you and you don't want to bother with it。

 you don't have to do。Although if it's easy for you。

 you know why not it's just an extra day of going out and practicing。

 but specifically the ones that make you nervous， the things that you're like。

 oh I would never do that Oh that seems a little awkward those are the ones you definitely should do out of this challenge section。

