# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：1.接近焦虑：3.心态 强迫你的大脑（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So what I want to do right now is give you six different mentalities that should help you get through your approach anxiety。

 And I want you to watch all six of them。 and some of them will probably really resonate with you。

 Some of them you will be like， don't care whatever。

 But from what I've found at least a few of these mentalities resonate with and help just about everybody with getting through their approachings I understanding an approach for what it is。

 and having really a healthy view of what talking to a girl is all about。

 So watch through all of them， see which ones resonate with you。

 try different mentalities and ideas in the real world。

 And I'm pretty sure at least a few of them are really gonna resonate if not all six。

 So that too much further ado， let's get into the mentalities。

 First mentality I want to get across to is the idea of what an approach is。

An approach fundamentally， is not being witty or brilliantilance or having a million things to say or anything like that。

 An approach simply is a physical act。 It's a physical act is the act of walking over and doing something to get the girls's attention。

 That is it， right， In fact， when I teach life programs a lot of times what I tell students when I'm coaching them is your job is that。

 your job is to walk over and get the girls' attention。 Everything from there is my job。

 It's my job to teach you what to say how to say it， when to say it， different things like that。

 know where to take them to a different location。 All the game stuff。 That's my job。

 I'll teach you that I'll give you that level of competence。

 But what I require from you is that you're willing to put in the physical effort。

 And that that goes even more so for you watching on an online program where I can't be right there with you。

 right All I ask of you is to take the physical action。 everything else， that's my job。

 teaching you what to say， how to say， That's my job。 So again， what I would tell。on life program。

 and what I'm gonna tell you is this。 If you walk up to a girl and you are so nervous that like you literally like get her attention and then vomit on her out of fear。

 Congratulation successful approach because in that moment， you did what you could。 You walked over。

 you did the physical act。 You got her attention。 and you did the best approach you could in that moment。

 that's completely fun。 if you walk over， get her attention and then forget how to speak English or whatever your native language is。

 And know you start babbling in coherently find successful approach because you did what you could in that moment。

 And what you need from there is technical help， But make the commitment to yourself you're at least going do that physical act because I know you can。

 I know you can walk over because you've probably been walking since you were like under two years old。

 And I know you can make a sound because you've probably been making sound since you were about zero years old。

 So that's your job is to walk over and utter a sound。

 And the reason that people get in their head about approaching and make a big deal about it is that people starts or got to start to worry about everything they're gonna say five minutes into the conversation。

😊，To be perfect and waiting for all the lights to be green。 Instead。

 if you just walk over and start the conversation， things will probably go fine because you have decades of social experience。

 Once you're thrust into the conversation， now your brain's incentives are reversed， right。

 See before you've approached or when you're sitting in silence。

 your brain is sitting there thinking。 Oh my God， how do I not mess up。

 How do I not embarrass myself， Be safe， Be safe， Be safe， shutt up， St up， shut up。

 and it's actually trying to paralyze you with fear。

 once you go in and utter a sound and the attentions on you。 Well， now your brain。

 which is trying to keep you from， you know being socially embarrassed once you said， hey， excuse me。

 and the girl looks at you。 Now， in order to not be embarrassed。

 your brain's job is to finish the sentence and start talking。 And now all your years。

 decades of social experience， are gonna come to your rescue as opposed to working against you。 Okay。

 so approach very much is a physical act， It's the act of going over and getting the attention。

 once you've done that number one， a lot of your best instincts are gonna come out。 numberumb two。

 you are now ready for all the technical stuff we're gonna to teach。

You won't at least commit to walking over and uttering a sound。

 None of the technical stuff is gonna matter。 So what I'm gonna to ask you to do is to make myself。

 but more importantly， make yourself a promise that you're going to， when you see a hot girl。

 walk over and do something you get her attention。 That's it。 That's all you have to promise。

 You don't have to promise to be brilliant。 You don't have to promise to have a million witty things to say。

 You don't even have to promise to do good game on any level。

 Just promise you're gonna walk over and give yourself a chance。

