# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：15.曲解_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The final game specificific frame control technique I have to mention is one that I've definitely mentioned various times in this course already。

 but I do want to make the point， and that is misinterpretation。

 specifically verbal misinterpretation and there's two forms of this one is taking boring platonic conversation and misconstruing that and misinterpreting that as sexual in order to establish premise without it being needy in order to establish the frame that maybe she's chasing you The second is misinterpretation when used to pass a shit test I'm not going go into two too too much depth on this because I've already talked about this in terms of passing shit test I already talked about this in terms of attraction that kind of stuff So misinterpretation has already been addressed in this course。

 but I want to indicate to you that misinterpretation is one of the most direct and prevalent forms of verbal frame control that exists you can misinterpret things in your favor in your own internal psychology in order to get leverage on yourself get better behaviors from yourself。

 you can misinterpret things in the interaction with the girl in order to reframe things that you less needy or that she's chasing you or to reframe。

I'm a platonic interaction is sexual So this is something that's going to come up over and over and over again it's something that it just exists throughout all of game and again I've talked about it a lot in this course so I'm not going to go in super depth in terms of what misinterpretation is and how to do it here。

 but I do want to make the point I want to point out that it is an incredibly powerful frame control technique。

And as I finish up with these frame control techniques。

 I do want to point out also that this is not an inclusive list。

 there are probably thousands of different little frame control techniques and ways that you can use these things。

 there are probably you an infinite number of different frames you can take on different positive elements you can introduce into an interaction to enhance your experience and her experience and also to make yourself more persuasive。

 compelling， convincing and attractive so this is only just scratching the surface。

 but I just want to highlight to you that there are these frame control techniques out there。

 please be aware of them， please use them for good。

 and now that you know them and now that you've seen some of them you're going be more and more aware of them。

 hopefully in a positive way throughout the rest of your game career and hopefully throughout the rest of your life。

