# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：02.打开-收尾模式：1.模型_ev【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Before we dig super deeply into the content of verbal game。

 I want to share with you guys some of my previous content that's gonna make everything we talk about here make a lot more sense。

 specifically I want everybody to have kind of a similar understanding of the terminology I use similar understanding of the overall model and framework that I kind of go about when talking to a girl and for those of you who have this program。

 this is the same model and framework I use in my program the system it's the open to close model So the phases that we're gonna go through are open premise evaluate narrative and close and by the way。

 if you don't have the system don't worry I'm going to do five videos right after this where I'm gonna go briefly into what each of those things are but I do want to encourage you if you do not have the system and you would like to really go deep on these concepts it will enhance your understanding of all the concepts in verbal game it'll also give you a lot more infield examples and a lot more things to draw on to help you throughout the course So with that said。

 I am offering a discount on the system for all of you。

During the eight weeks of this course so during the period that this course is sort of in session。

 I'm going to offer that discount to you guys because I do encourage you guys to explore that。

 Obviously if you're already a member of the system feel free to go back over there check that out。

 Ref yourself on all the concepts and also the indepth versions of all the things I'm gonna talk about here but for anybody who's not I'm gonna to give you enough of a primer that I can use and discuss those terms with intelligence you can understand what I mean and so that this course can really standalone so you don't absolutely need to have viewed the system in order to understand it but it is encouraged so without too much further ado I'm going to explain those five stages open premise evaluate narrative and close very quickly and then we're gonna have some more in- depthth videos explaining them obviously more in depth So open basically means starting the conversation that's it Any conversation。

 any interaction we're gonna meet a girl there has to be some form of an open Even if it's not a cold approach even if it is a warm approach you have to be introduced to them even it's online you have to wink at them or message。

m or something like that。 Something has to start the conversation。 That's the open phase。

 Next phase is the premise phase。 premise is where you indicate that this is not just a random conversation between strangers。

 It's at least friend to friend， ideally manta woman it's a different type of conversation there's a different potential outcome from it。

 And once you've established that the girl has permission to act in a manda woman way back to you it's very hard for a girl to start flirting with you or or hitting on you or being a manda woman with you if you haven't done it first because if she gets that wrong it's very very socially embarrassing for her So that next phase is making a manda woman we call that premise establishing the premise what the conversation is about that it is manda woman。

😊，Next phase is evaluation E basically means you are deciding whether or not this girl is right for you and that's a flip from how most guys consider talking to girls in game。

 which is they're like trying to impress the girl I could let me see if I'm the right guy for you instead you're deciding you are the right guy question is whether she's the right girl for you right so that shift in terms of mentality is very。

 very powerful Also by evaluating the girl once she has kind of proven herself to you and you've let her win you over it makes a lot more sense why you'd go on a date with her why you would take her home those kind of things because she's actually earned it for something more than her looks she's not just a random girl off the street to you。

Next phase we have is narrative narrative basically the word narrative means story。

 and this is the story that the girl has in her head of who you are and who you and she are together。

 And the more you can have this present， this is where you get to things like relationships and the girl falling in love with you and the girl having like this deep idea that you are something really。

 really special。 So we'll talk a little bit about that and then finally closing obviously any interaction where you don't have a way to have another interaction afterwards is kind of a wasted interaction。

 it could have been fun， it can have been know you know good for practicing skills but in terms of getting a result you have to close。

 whether that's getting a phone number， getting a girl on a date and instant day taking girl home。

 having sex or building a relationship whatever that close is you need to be actually closing at the end of your interactions rather than just having a pleasant conversation to nowhere。

 so those are the phases briefly。 the next five videos I'm going to go into much more depth over what those phases entail。

