# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：7.感知 Vs 预期（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next idea I want to put across to you is an idea I call perceived or expected response and this has to do with setting a frame or setting a context whereby the girl's response。

 what the girl says or does may appear to her like it's going to be judged positively or negatively。

 which is then in turn going to influence her decision So that sounds like a mouthful let me explain a little bit better Let's say that a girl knows that you are promoter at a club and you invite her to a social place where people are wearing not a lot of clothes and they're kind of partying Well she might perceive then that her being really logical and kind of like elitist and stuck up and serious might not go over very well in that context and she will then likely alter her behavior to be more loose and relaxed and maybe fun and maybe sexually adventurous。

On the other hand， if she happens to know that you're a banker and you invite her to a place where everybody's wearing suits and looks really serious and nobody's smiling。

 she probably will be of the opinion that being like loose and relaxed and maybe drawing attention to herself would be frowned upon and she might become much more uptight。

 she might follow the rules a lot more closely in that kind of a context and so based on the situation you've created the context you've created around yourself and around the interaction。

 showll feel more or less comfortable being more sexual and open or more serious and logical and that's true on this like broader lifestyle setting way。

 but also within the context so if you have openly talked about certain topics and seem very comfortable with them。

 that's going to lead her to be more open and comfortable to talk about those topics and not feel like she's going to receive a potential like reprisal or like sort of social punishment for going down those roads but if you've been the opposite if you've been very like very much like very tight and we don't talk about these。

And very like we follow the rules。 she's gonna feel again。

 very much like it would be not okay for her to go down that road or those rules。

 And this can be true about I've mentioned sort of sexual behavior and how open or close she is to certain things。

 but it can be her opinion about anything。 her opinion about a certain type of music her view on working out her view on eating a particular way her view on going to one place versus another on vacation。

 you can set the frame in advance that you would probably approve of one or not approve of the other and that will be influencing her decision because she'll have a desire to not get negative social feedback So again。

 for example， you can ask a， you can ask a girl the very same question in ways that will elicit different responses。

 Here's a great example say that you're with a girl and you want to find out how she knows her friends and if you say like who are the people you're here with how do you know them。

 she's just gonna to give you a flat out answer On the other hand。

 you said like hey the people you here with cool chill people。

They like super like weird up tightight people and then she's going to give a way of how she knows them that's going to shade more towards them being loose and relaxed and giving her more freedom to maybe hang out with you So by phrasing things and framing things in that way by implying that there might be a judgment this way a judgment that way prior to asking or in the manner in which you're asking are you're asking a way that's adjusting the outcome it's kind of like the Heisenberg certainty theory you're measuring something in a way that you're affecting it a lot measuring it so the way that you ask the question。

 the way that you set up the scenario is going to have a big impact on on her responses and how she perceive them a girl or most girls have the ability to act in a huge variety of ways there's wide array of behaviors and wide array of personalities they can adopt and if you lead them to adopt something that's in this sort of sphere of their experience or this sphere of their behavior they'll probably adopt that behavior pattern if lead them to adopt this other behavior pattern。

 they'll likely。Go into that instead so to a great degree， yes。

 the girl has her inherent personality， she is a unique individual。

 but you have a lot of control over what facets of her personality she shows to you and how she actually acts around you。

