# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：10.初阶者任务：7.雇佣枪【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Alright， for this mission， number 6， we're going to finally start a real conversation。

 but we're gonna leave the training wheels on a little bit。 Here's what I want you to do。

I want you to go to a place where there are people that have to talk to you。 So for example。

 if you go to a mall， there are girls that were working as clerks in the stores that have to talk to you or in the kiosks or something like that right if you're at a restaurant。

 your waitress has to talk to you a little bit if you want a good solution for this actually go to a strip club。

 Strpers kind of have to talk to you。 I mean， it's part of their job right Now if you go to strip club。

 I don't suggest you spending like you know hundreds and hundreds of dollars to have conversations with the strippers。

 but you can have some nice casual conversations without paying them。In any case。

 I suggest you find these people that are in a position where it's their job to talk to you and you're just gonna go have a conversation with them。

 You don't have to like hit on them。 You don't have to try and get their phone numbers。

 You't have to try and take it anywhere。 but I want you to just get used to having conversations with strangers And in general。

 these they're what I call hired guns。 They're girls that are hired to be attractive in a lot of cases。

 So they may be girls that may be intimidate you a little bit or girls youre a little nervous talking to because they're very pretty that's a good thing。

 That's part of this right So find those places where there are the pretty girls working and just have conversation with them。

 We are not hitting on them not necessarily trying to get a number， anything like that。

 just getting used to conversing now if the conversation gets good and you do want to get a number by all means you're allowed。

 If they ask you for a number by all means you can give it to them。 But again。

 the point of this isn't to get a result， the point of it is to develop the behavior patterns。

 The point of it is a step a little further outside of your comfort zone and make socializing with a pretty girl a little more normal。

