# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：11- 情节线作为叙事 # 目的不明显_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next consideration in your sort of plotline， the gamey parts of your game that's going to make a big difference in terms of your narrative is do you appear to have an agenda or not if there are a lot of guys that will get results in game by just being a very attractive guy。

 but making it very obvious they want to sleep with a girl and very obvious they have an agenda or have an outcome in mind or a plan in mind and you can get results doing that。

 you can get attraction doing that but you are going be undermining and sabotaging yourself down the line。

 whereasas if you appear to not have an agenda if you appear to be doing this fun sexual thing just for the fact that it's fun and and it pleases you in the moment as opposed to to notch up another runrg on your another girl in your lay count or another notch on your bed post。

If it appears that you don't have an agenda， it appears you don't have an outcome and it appears you're just having fun in the moment and doing it for the experience that's going to be much much better than if it appears you have an agenda because think about it this way does the girl want to be the next girl who your game worked on or the next notch on your bed post No does she want to be part of a fun amazing experience and a crazy adventure that you guys have together that you'll want to tell about for like the rest of your lives。

 Yes so the more it seems that you lack an agenda， the more it seems you're just having the experience and the more by the way。

 this is congruent with the female experience of having sex in most cases。

 most times the girl doesn't go out overtly planning to go have sex。

 what ends up happening is she goes out flirts because it's fun escalates and gets physical because it's fun and then in the moment it just makes sense and emotionally to go ahead and have sex because that moment is good in that moment is right etc。

 Similarlyly if you appear to be having fun and caught up in the moment。

Just going along for the flow。 It's gonna seem a lot more congruent。

 It's gonna be a lot less kind of scary or shady to the girl。

 It's gonna be a lot more familiar to the girl。 It's gonna build a lot more comfort。

 a lot more trust， etc。 So anything that seems like it has an agenda is usually gonna hurt you in game and a lot of times especially as you're just learning to flirt and have plotline and stuff like that you will appear to have an agenda。

 and that's okay at first， it's better to have plotline with a little bit of an agenda than to have no plot line。

 but over time as you get better and better at game。

 try and work on having plotline without an agenda or even sometimes plotline with a negative agenda we talked about selectivity just a minute ago。

 anything that's dismissive of agenda can be even even better sometimes。

