# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：2.接近角度：5.背面和正面_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

When it comes to approaching it and trying to get the girl to stop and talk to you right away。

 there are basically two scenarios you're gonna run into。 One is where you are。

 she's walking and you're coming kind of behind her and catching up to her。

 The other is where she's walking in your general direction。 Ie。 she's walking toward you。

 And these require different approaches。 We'll talk about the scenario where you're behind her first。

 So the best thing to do here。 is you need to get obviously close enough that you can open properly。

 And then you need to get her attention。 You can do this just purely verbally。

 but oftentimes it won't work。 So if she has headphones in or maybe she doesn't hear you just doesn't know you're addressing her。

 So in this case， I recommend a very light tap on the shoulder or arm in a nonexual area and the absolute bare minimum to get her attention。

 no grabbing no touching in sexual area is just the absolute most like the thing that would be acceptable with any stranger ever。

 nothing aggressive or sexual。 please， but just。tapap on the shoulder and then hand gone。

 And then what you need to do to get the girl to stop is plant your feet。

 if she turns and looks at you and sees your feet moving， she's gonna keep moving。

 what you're gonna to do is plant your feet and then you just use your voice just use your voice and the sort of like belief that she's gonna stop the urgency that you have that like hey got to go in a minute two seconds。

 again， that false time constraint that we mentioned from the when you talk to a girl sitting down if there's any kind of hesitation to stopping or whatever on her part do not be do not start pursuing her。

 do not start getting pushy or begging or pleading instead your best friend is the false time constraint where you're going end up with a lot of times when you do the sort of stopping her from behind is she'll start to stop like you're here's in front of you and she'll be kind like half turned So she'll be kind like you know half turns towards you half turned away from you and kind of maybe leaning like she's about to leave that's the moment where you go hey。

 I gotta go in a minute and then she' like okay hes。

Not gonna keep me for too long and she'll almost always commit， turn and just stop and join you。

 So that's what we're trying to do there。 And again， it's another use of that false time constraint。

 which is so so powerful and so useful in the open。

 as long as we're on the topic of the false time constraint。

 once you do get her to stop stop if you're in a standing situation or a situation where she stopped and then came to standing a lot of times she may like lean out or across her legs as though she's gonna take a step out。

 any indication that she's about to leave any indication she's maybe not gonna stay false time cons a good idea here again to keep keep her from leaving。

 And again， you don't want to be chasing， you don't want to be pursuing。

 you don't want to be like forceful or aggressive at all。

 the best way to keep her girl there is by showing her that you're not aggressive。

 showing her that you're not gonna be forward and indicating a willingness to leave。

 That's the thing that's most likely to make her comfortable and make actually decide to stay and spend time with you。

 So again， what is it。 get her attention plant your feet and then have some assurance that she's gonna stop。

 especially when。Comes to getting girls to stop。 It sounds a little woooo sounds a little bit like unscientific。

 But if you believe she's going to stop。 she's a lot more likely to stop。

 And this isn't for some like nebulous reason。 it's because that belief is gonna be reflected in your eye contact in your voice in your mannerisms in the words you use those kind of things。

 So believing that she's gonna stop is absolutely essential if you believe it even if you do things technically wrong。

 she's likely to stop because the things you're subcomicating if you don't believe even if you do a lot of things technically right。

 she might not stop So that's approaching getting her to stop when you're coming from behind。

 if you're coming from the front， which is actually a lot better usually and has a higher percentage。

 So really the go to if you can although sometimes you don't have a choice because you see the girl where you see her what you want to do in this case is stop her from far away or relatively far away。

 Why two reasons one it's less invasive and aggressive's a lot more comfortable for her2 is that she's unlikely to take one step and be past you。

 So let's say this is is you're walking towards her。 if you stop her like when're like one step。

you start talking， she takes one step。 Now she's past you。 And now you gotta turn and chase her。

 or now it's confusing。 it's weird。 On the other hand， if you were like。

 you know this kind of distance。 And you start talking now， she has like 1，2，3，4，5 steps。

 maybe of you conveying your personality talking to her。

 it would be actually actively she'd have to be actively hard rejecting you to not stop and talk to you。

 It's not not a convenient， casual thing to do。 So what you're doing is you're making it more awkward for her to reject you and less awkward for her to talk to you。

 And girls typically will do the less awkward thing。

 Another benefit of being far in front is if you're close and you step in front of her。

 that's incredibly invasive and aggressive and actually can can be like kind threatening to a girl and you don't want to do that。

 But if you're far away， directly in front of a girl from far away is not that threatening because if she doesn't want to talk to because she always just gradually just alter her course and walk past you。

 it's not as big of a deal， it's not invasive。 So you want to really。

 really avoid being aggressive or invasive。 And you also want to avoid being so close that one step brings her past you。

 And again the。ing to get her to stop is plant your feet and believe， And also be friendly， right。

 if you seem like harsh or like like mean or rude or something like that，'s probably gonna stop。

 But if you seem like assertive， like you believe she's gonna stop， but also friendly。

 that's the mix that you're going for in terms of the approach angle。 So again。

 to get her to stop from when she's walking towards you。 you want to be decent distance。

 probably something like you know， like3 m or so or if you like 3 yards。 if you're in American。

 So 3 m，3 yards distance， is about the distance you want to be stopping from ideally， if in doubt。

 err on the side of further away rather than closer。 And then you want to plant your feet， be happy。

 be be positive， but also be somewhat assertive and believe she's gonna stop。

 And that's how you're gonna get the best result in terms of getting her to actually join you。 Okay。

 so those are the various scenarios you're gonna run into with girls who are walking if you do try and get the girl to stop and she doesn't stop for you。

😊，You can turn and then walk with her。 Don't be overly persistent。 Don't be lay aggressive。

 And if she's like， really like what the fuck don't talk to me。 then by all means， just let her go。

 But if she just like， you know， only had a second to to talk to you。

 She hasn't really fully rejected you。 She hasn't seen who you are yet。

 You can definitely walk with her just a little bit and try one more time。

 If she rejects you a second time， please just leave be done with it。

 there's no need to like force yourself or impose yourself on a girl who really doesn't want to talk to。

 The only thing is that on the first moment， she may not have even realized you were talking to her。

 she may not have like even like properly seen who you are。

 So give her a proper sample of your personality。 But if she actually truly rejects you on a sample of your personality。

 please， please， please let her go， please don't be pushy， invasive， aggressive or rude in any way。

