# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：10.初阶者任务：9.收号【课程更新加微信kc58567】

For mission number 8， we're gonna start playing to win。 All right， There's this phrase in sales。

 They say telling is not selling。 And what they mean is if you're gonna sell something。

 you have to ask for the order。 You have to ask， hey， do you want to buy that now。

 you have to close in some way。 same thing with doing pickup。 So now here's what you're gonna do。

 You're gonna walk up and say hi and give a compliments。

 And then you're not allowed to leave without saying， hey， it was nice talking to you。

 what's your number。 or hey， we should get in touch sometime。 What's your email。 some kind of close。

 Now， my suggestion is go for the number， because that's really the best close。

 But if you're nervous about that， you can go first off close， Hey， do you have a business card。

 whatever to get yourself kind of desensitizing and get yourself used to it。 The point though， is。

 you're giving yourself some way to contact them in the future。 Now。

 because this is the first time you're really asking for something in all of these missions。

 I want to really caution you not to be too worked up about whether you succeed or fail。 Allright。

 because this idea of high compliments， And then eventually asking for a phone number。

 essentially is cold approach。Essential， is the process you're gonna be doing improve。

Be perfecting over， you know the weeks， months and years to come。

 So don't think that you have to be perfect at it yet。 Just understand this is a progressive step。

 And the most important thing is that you're following the procedure and you're finally giving yourself a chance to succeed。

 If you get numbers from this， be very happy， Enjoy it， be proud of yourself。

 If you don't get a lot of numbers from it。 Who cares， you're doing the right things。

 you're stepping up and in terms of approach anxiety， you have mastered that bitch。

 Okay you have gotten approach anxiety handled and you are now stepping up and you're at the point where you can learn technical pickup。

 You're at the point where you can start growing improving and getting better results with each and every day。

 So congratulate yourself good job you've made it through。😊。

