# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：07.关键技术主题：2.在互动中构建叙事【课程更新加微信kc58567】

When I mentioned the five phases of the system model earlier。

 open premise evaluate narrative and close， we talked obviously about narrative。

 that place where you're connecting with a girl， part where you're making it different than just two people attracted to each other。

 but two people who have something special。And the thing I pointed out is that narrative to an extent will just happen if you're around someone long enough and there's enough positivity and good vibes and attraction and emotion。

 you eventually will create a narrative because time creates narratives。

What I want to talk about right now though is being a little bit more specific and a little bit more overt about your narrative and even about thinking about narrative。

 thinking about how the interaction is gonna to play out even before you're in the narrative stage。

 So even before we've gotten to that stage， you can start setting the framework。

 starts having the foundations for the narrative you're gonna to have。

 Let me give you an example that that's obvious and maybe even a little bit gimmicky。

 but it really illustrates the point。One opener that you can use that's a pretty interesting one to use and it can lead to some very interesting and fun interactions is to walk up to a girl and pretend like she's your ex girlfriend That's all right。

 go up to a strange girl you don't know and start acting like she's your ex girlfriend and not like to be like。

 hey， aren't you my ex girlfriend because that's not how you would actually act with your ex girlfriend I start actually acting like oh whoa what。

What are you doing， It's been， how long has it been， Wow， my God， you look good， though， like。Yes。

 it's good to see you。 Actually she' like， wait， what do I know you。

 And she she'll probably be confused at first。 And you keep playing it and playing it until she eventually。

 because it becomes fun because it's interesting。 She'll oftentimes buy into it and start acting like your X。

 And it leads to a very flirty set。 And some of the most fun interactions that I've ever had have actually started with that particular gimm。

 It's actually a very fun one to use。 You have to have really good frame control to do it and is's actually a good frame control exercise。

 I don't recommend doing that in every interaction or making that your standard game。

 But the point is， from the open。 you have determined a narrative。 right， You have determined。😊。

What she's going to remember about the interaction later you have determined that you are gonna make it memorable in a very specific way afterwards。

 when you exchange numbers， you can text her with the frame of exgriend Afterwards。

 if you become boyfriend and girlfriend six months later。

 she's gonna tell the story of how you either missook her for your ex girlfriendend or how you know you were just joking around and being playful and it was this fun role play you guys had from the very start and you can tell that you were gonna have good chemistry but you've created something specific that is memorable in that interaction from moment one you've started to create a narrative。

 you started to create the story that she's gonna tell her friends。

And by adding these kind of elements， you are dictating that a narrative is becoming more possible or more likely。

 One narrative you'll notice in a lot of my interactions is the narrative of I was intrigued by you thought of you kind of a manda woman way。

 but I wasn't sure about you， maybe even didn't like you。 then you won me over and think about it。

 if you follow the steps of the system， you're almost organically gonna create that narrative very regularly because first you have premise。

 remember premise not in though You're intrigued， but maybe not bought in， you're not sure about her。

 then you go through evaluation where she wins you over。 And then once she's earned it。

 you build a connection with her。 So going through the stage of the system。

 you're kind of somewhat organically create that narrative。 And that's one of the beautiful。

 powerful tools about going through those steps。 is it does create it But there are tons of other narratives。

 Other narratives could be that you were in school with someone you built a connection where friends first and then like a blossomed that could be a narrative that would occur in certain circumstances。

 or maybe you bump into someone randomly a few different times。 And there's this narrative that。😊。

God， I guess it was meant to be right， There's all kinds of different narratives。

 all kinds of different kind of storyline that you can possibly have。 I mean。

 most a lot of movies have the like， you know， man saves woman's life narrative。

 Not that that's what you can replicate very， very easily in real life。

 But it just points out how how pervasive this idea is and how much we emotionally resonate with it。

 So look for those opportunities， look for those opportunities to create sorts of connections。

 What kind of connections will work， what kind of connections are interesting。

 Another one that's kind of fun to do。😊，Is to act like the girl has to keep you safe from some other girl。

 Actually， if you've seen the movie vanilla Sky。 that's actually a narrative that Tom Cruise's character used in that movie。

 he says this girl is like really like she's like burning a hole and you have to just act like you're my friend that we're having a scintillating conversation So maybe she'll go away a narrative that has some social proof to it。

 but it's also fun has a little bit conspiracy。 Another narrative that's actually I'll give you one final one just as an example is let's say that you're in a twoet two girls and you and your wingman you and a friend of yours working together。

 Well one fun narrative is that you and the girl are chaperoneing because the other two are so cute and we have to make sure they get together And now you have an excuse to go home with her an excuse to hang out with excuse to keep it going and the excuse is we're helping out our friends So it's completely non-tri hard。

 completely non-nety and it can just happen So these are all examples of narratives you can create again。

 if you just follow the system model And even if you just spend time with a girl eventually you will create something of a narrative But when opportunities arise to create specific。

😊，It is when opportunities arise to make it truly special and create a story that someone would want to tell and want to read。

 take advantage of those opportunities， please。