# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：02.打开-收尾模式：4.评估【课程更新加微信kc58567】

So let's take an example to understand the importance of evaluation。

 Let's say that you're a charismatic charming guy and you walk right up to a girl and you say you're interested in her and she thinks you're immediately attractive。

 You have a brief interaction and then you exchange phone numbers and you you part company。 Well。

 what's she gonna think to herself afterwards。 I she gonna think that she's special in some way。

 not really， I she gonna think that you and she are special together in some way。 Not really。

 is she gonna think that she earned you or that you don't just do that exact same thing to every single remotely hog girl you see Probably not really。

 So she's gonna walk away from that interaction， not feeling that it was particularly special。

 Maybe if she's very attracted to and just like from moment one wanted to have sex with you。

 Maybe you she'll do it。 But she certainly doesn't feel that there was like you know any like special storybook incredible thing going on there。

😊，You haven't done much to enhance your value other than whatever initial attraction you have。

So there's sort of。Like physical attraction value or like know inherent attraction value。

 but you haven't really taken it to that next level。On the other hand。

 let's say that you had the same interaction。 And at first。

 maybe she thought you didn't like her very much。 And then she had to win you over And she' like。

 and she told you some impressive things。 you were impressed by those things and appreciated her for him。

 now she's gonna walk away from that interaction， feeling that it was a lot more special feeling there's a lot more connection。

 feeling like she won in some way， feeling like seeing you and continuing the interaction would be another win And that's a really big thing this evaluation is。

 is it's creating this idea for the girl that she's winning by meeting you as opposed to you winning because no matter how attracted to you。

 she is， if you walked up with the intention of getting her phone number or the intention of sleeping with her and then you did it。

 you won and she gave in So but if on the other hand， you walked up and。😊。

You didn't necessarily like her yet。 And she convinced you to like her。 now she won。

 Or if you liked her， but we're a little unsure and she convinced you now she won。 Also， again。

 it feels special。 and it feels a lot more connection。

 And when we move to narrative and and what is know。

 the story line of the interaction that obviously feeds into that as well。 Allright。

 So how can you go about evaluating girl。 How can go about getting girl to qualify yourself。 Again。

 there are various levels of subtlety to this。 The most obvious is just to ask。

 the most obvious is just to be like， and this is actually an old school line in game from 2002 to 2004。

 almost everybody said this and almost every single interaction， which was you're cute。

 but or you're beautiful or whatever you're good looking。 But beauty is common。

 What do you have going for yourself beside your looks that make me want to get to know you better。😊。

That was a line that almost everybody's using because that is the essence of evaluation。

 And the thing is， when you did this line， one of a couple things would happen。

 Either the girl would evaluate herself。 Oh， no， Im， I'm guys girls， guys think that about me。

 But I'm actually really smart。 And I do this and this and this and this。That's a great response。

 Or another one is if she tries， but can't， that's also fine。 She's like， well， I really don't know。

 I just that's fine because at least she's trying to impress you。

 It's not quite as good as if she actually has something to say。

 but it's still pretty pretty damn good。 On the other hand。

 what you can get sometimes if you do at the wrong time or she's not bought in。 You say。

 what do you got going for you besides your looks。 And she's like， oh， nothing， And then you're like。

 fuck because now she's just flat outside， I have no desire to qualify you。

 have no desire to try and impress you And you're now in this this frame of like wow。

 this girl's really not bought in。 how do how do I handle it from here。 So that sort of reaction。

 or just like， oh I'm nothing special or another one。

 why should like another one that get sometimes you approach me。 Why don't you tell me。

 those are bad reactions。And the problem there is that probably you qualified in a way that wasn't very subtle and also maybe you did it too early。

 you did it before you had enough value or enough buy in from the girl that she'd want to try and qualify。

 So what that brings to mind is the idea of more subtle qualifiers。

 more subtle ways to get the girl to evaluate， by the way。

 let me get into this term qualification evaluation。

Evaluation is the process of you deciding whether you like the girl qualifying is something that happens in the evaluation stage。

 which is the girl trying to qualify for you， trying to impress you right so I'll use those words somewhat interchangeably but that's where the distinction is so if I say qualify。

 I'm usually talking about something that's occurring in the evaluation stage I just want to throw that out there because I will use that term a lot。

Okay， so more subtle ways to evaluate a girl， more subtle ways to get the girl to qualify herself would be to challenge her rather than asking her。

 So instead of saying like you you're cute， what do you have going for beside your looks。

 maybe you would say， you know， I'm really into girls that work out like I find that like they're just not only in better shape。

 obviously， but just like cooler people they have more going for them。

 just actually randomly out of curiosity， how often do you work out。Right。

And so you've indicated the right answer and then asked， and then she can respond。

 and oftentimes she'll respond and try and impress you。

 And oftentimes she'll even qualify she' be like， well， no I go to the gym a little bit。

 I'm trying to go more。 That's a really good answer。 That's what you kind want to hear。

 And it's very hard for a girl to like flat out not try and qualify， there' be。

 I don't to the gym much。 In that case， she answered your question。 But she didn't flat out。

 refuse to qualify。 It's not a rejection。 It's not nearly as negative for the interaction。

 And that gives you the information of whether or not she would qualify herself so that you can maybe ask and over it qualify later。

 like what's what do you have going for beside your looks or say something that'll impress me something like that。

 If you can get a girl to commit to that big， say something to impress me， and she'll do it。

 That is a really good sign for the interaction。 But the problem is it's high risk。

 The problem is it's very likely that if a girl's not ready。 she won't do that。

 And when she doesn't do it， It's very obvious and it feels very， very gaming。

So these more subtle qualifiers tend to be better earlier on。

 so qualifying a girl giving a girl a shit test， which if you don't know what a shit test is。

 that'll be discussed a lot in the course as well， but a shit test is where you basically just like give her kind of a hard time and challenge her。

 maybe put her in in kind of an awkward frame or an awkward position and see how she handles it to think of it basically as giving a girl shit。

 giving a girl hard time for now， we'll talk about that a lot more get when we get to some of the later sessions here。

But in any case， challenging the girl to qualify can be really good。

 the other thing that you can do to qualify that's even more subtle is just lead。

 just be passionate about a subject and just start talking passionately and see if she follows your lead。

So for example， if， for example you're really into music it's like I'm really into music I'm passionate about this。

 this is what I do etc。 and then you just kind of leave a blank and she'd be like。

 oh yeah no I'm in that kind of music too， she's chasing her frame， she's qualifying to you。

 she's trying to seek rapport with you and that's a form of trying to win you over so that can be really good as well and that's even more subtle than challenging so in terms of levels of subtlety of qualifying first one is to flat out ask Second one is to challenge Third one is to just lead and then leave an open space for her to fill the space and for her to follow Any of those will lead towards qualifying behavior will lead towards her evaluating you know you being able to evaluate her and go through the space in the game。

Ideally， you should be able by the end of the evaluation phase to flat out ask a girl to impress you and she would。

 that's a perfect scenario， but be careful because if you try it too early。

 you're likely to get a negative response rather than a positive one。

