# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：17 - 何时不升级 - 过早的拉_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Final situation I want to talk to you about。 and this is definitely an advanced mistake。

 but it's a very， very common one。 It doesn't have to do a physical escalation。

 It has to do with venue escalation。 And it's what I call pulling too early。

 and this sounds like a very high quality problem and in a way it is like a lot of guys are like I would love to just take a girl home that's never happen for me as you get advanced you're gonna get really good at pulling and we'll talk about that next week next week is gonna be a lot about how to take girls home。

 So we'll get to these techniques next week so stay tuned it's coming I promise but as you get very。

 very good at these techniques， you will find that because you are fun and cool and you're relatively smooth in your transitions。

 you're not giving a girl any reason to object to a poll oftentimes you'll pull girls that don't even like you that much or that don't even know you that well yet And what will happen though is once you do get them back to your place or to a place that is a location where it's more intimate and sex could potentially happen that will make them nervous。

 So again I mentioned that idea of like she's seven out of10 comfortable you bring to your place now she's three。

half out of 10 and now has to build back up So let's say that you got so good at pulling that you were able to pull the girl that was three and a half out of 10 instead seven out of 10。

 she gets back to your place and she loses that three and half and now she's zero out of 10 comfortable and it's very very awkward and then what ends up happening is you end up getting sort of a pseudo point of no return where because you've been back to your place now it makes her nervous about seeing you on a future date or she wants to leave the place and then you leave and then when you try and come back later in the night。

 she already made a decision no on that and so just a firm no and she has kind of point of no return about coming back to your place So sometimes and this is kind of an advanced calibration thing if you have the opportunity to take a girl home but you feel like the proper things haven't happened the proper little pieces haven't fallen into place ahead of it you may want to actually delay So instead of taking a girl home。

 it may be a better idea to take her to another venue in between even if you could take her home because she's gonna be less nervous in that other venue and in fact you may be able to。

Even escalate better in that other venue。 So here's a sort of like related example that makes the point。

Let's say that you're taking a girl back to maybe live in an apartment and you have obviously your apartment in the apartment building。

 but maybe in the apartment complex， there's maybe a pool that's outdoors in semipublic and maybe there's a rooftop that like a patio or something like that when you bring her back to your place if you're a little concerned that she might not be completely down to come straight back to your place or even if you're not concerned it's just a good insurance move to do it might be a good idea to take her to the patio or take her to the pool first and that's gonna make her way more comfortable you had the opportunity to take her to your place and you didn't so suddenly that's gonna build a lot more comfort because you weren't trying to be pushedy you weren't just going for sex you're spending more time with her which is gonna build more comfort and then also if the girl starts making out with you and getting very physical and potentially sexual with you in your place she feels like that's like sex could happen whereas if she's sitting down by a pool or out on a patio where it's kind of semipub or someone could come in or something like that and you start making out she might feel a lot more relaxed about it and a lot less pressure on it because she doesn't think like you're gonna actually have sex there and you could start fooling around a little bit and getting。

sortt of sex before going back to your place rather than making those moves in your place and it might actually work better。

 So there's two kind of ideas here。 One is the idea of don't pull too early。

 don't pull just because if she's just like barely gonna agree to the pool you can get kind of a point of no return on the。

 The second thing is that escalation will actually happen easier and more smoothly oftentime in a situation that doesn't scream sex So even back at your place for example。

 making out with a girl and escalating in the living room oftentimes can work better than escalating and making out in the bedroom because she may feel more comfortable with that so this idea of pulling too early or pulling within your place pulling back to your bedroom from the living too early or pulling back to your apartment instead the apartment complex too early。

 any of those moves being premature can definitely be bad。

 And so it's okay to slow them down you're still gonna get there in a good interaction if she's ready for it right now and you keep having good interaction she'll still be ready in five minutes in fact she'll be more ready in five minutes and oftentimes that more ready is what you actually need。

