# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：18 - 性 - 关系蓝图_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The final topic I want to cover this week isn't technically an escalation topic。

 but it is a topic that I think is very important， and it's a topic that kind of fits at this point in the course because we have all the prerequisite information finally to discuss it and that's the idea of a girl's sex or relationship blueprint if you remember last week we talked about blueprint in general。

 which is the idea that while girls are very similar from an evolutionary perspective and they're attracted to a lot of the same things。

 every girl has a different life experience and different idea of what is attractive。

 a different social iconography， a different life history， different values， different ethics。

 different morals， etc。 And if you can understand that and present to her the parts of you that are most conducive to appealing to that without lying without changing who you are without bending over backwards still being an attractive guy But if you can choose the right elements or the right method of conveying those elements of your personality。

 you're going to do much better。 that's the idea of blueprint then this week we have the idea of escalation and moving towards sex and that kind of stuff and what。

I want to just kind of point out just briefly， it's not gonna be a super long video。

 but I want to point this out to you is that a girl does not just have a blueprint for what type of guy she goes for。

 She has a blueprint for what type of relationship she goes for。

 how she likes to have sex that kind of stuff So as you are escalating you want to be number one paying attention because the girls is gonna give you a lot of information As you make a physical move。

 how does she respond to it Does she respond by being receptive but not like reciprocating that's completely fine there are girls that are that way and that's their blueprint towards escalation and intimacy and sex is that they just are compliant and they go along with it and they kind of demurely in a very feminine way just don't say no and they continue to to just engage with whatever you lead and that's completely fine There are other girls that when you start to escalate a little bit they will take the reins and they'll start escalating and that's really nice because you can sit back and let them take control and let them escalate but you have to be careful。

Because if they're in control and taking the reins， you don't do things the right way。

 they might actually go in a direction that's not as useful。

 I've actually had situations where a girl will。I start escalating a little bit。

 she escalates back on me and she starts taking clothes off and she starts getting intimate。

 and then she sort of point of no returns herself。 I wasn't even escalating on her。

 but because we got to that point without me actually putting the brakes on her slowing it down。

 We got to a point of no return with her doing the escalation and it still messed it up And so even in the case where she is doing the escalation。

 you do need to be a little cognizant of what is like the flow of the escalation。

 are you moving too fast can you slow it down and build more tension those kind of things So you still need to be aware of it。

 but there are a lot of girls that will be more willing to take the reins and in a lot of cases。

 that's gonna be much easier and certainly not something you want to get in the way of for the most part So that's another thing in terms of the blueprint other thing is say for example。

 when you're kissing a girl How does the girl respond to various kisses。

 Does she seem to like light intimate kisses or does she like just grabbing your face and like jaming your tongue down her tongue down your throat or whatever or like as you kiss does she like bite your lip different stuff like that。

Can indicate the girl's attitude towards kissing a girl's attitude towards sex and to a certain extent how she wants you to act with her sexually and if you're compatible and compliant with that。

 you're gonna to tend to do better with her than otherwise and obviously there's also your blueprint and what you prefer so say for example。

 that there's a girl who likes a particular thing sexually but it really doesn't turn you on it iss not a pleasant experience for you well you can kind of come to some kind of happy media maybe like the first time you kind of do it the way she wants and just show her that you can do it and be good in bed for her and that kind of stuff and then afterwards maybe you discuss it or you try it some other ways once there's a little more compliance etc or you kind of do it a little bit but then not you can find a middle ground。

 you can find what's gonna be appealing to you because you do want a sexual relationship that is enjoyable to you as well obviously but being cognizant of what she wants in being able to at least calibrate is always going to be a useful type of a thing to be able to take into account so be aware of that also with respect to the girl's relationship。

Right does she wants just a hookup， iss she looking for that， is she looking for a long-term thing。

 iss she looking for a longterm thing， but she can't admit that to herself so she's starting as a hookup。

 but deep down， she's gonna want a lot of intimacy is she saying she wants a long-ter thing but deep down she's just really looking for a hookup and shed be very okay with that and even happier with that so you can read a lot into that and understand just basically the girl has a blueprint not just for who she is and for what her values are in life and stuff like that。

 she has a blueprint for how she likes to have sex how she likes escalation to happen how she wants the dynamic of a relationship to shape up and also what narrative she wants around the relationship So you should be very cognizant and very attuned to that and again like with blueprint in general。

 the actual end result is going be some combination of your preferences in hers。Also。

 as with blueprint in general， you can lead so if you start establishing preferences and putting stuff out there。

 especially if you're from a place of a lot of high value。

 she may very likely fall into line with your preferences and end up being more like the girlfriend you want her to be so in finding a perfect girlfriend it's partly finding the girl that is of the right nature but it's partly showing her and helping her to become the girlfriend you want her to be so there is that element as well so in any to tie it up kind of with a bow I want to just basically say that this idea of blueprint does apply to relationships and sex and escalation as well so be very aware of it in that context。

