# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：18 - 叙事 - 最后的思考_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So to sort of sum up this discussion on narrative， think of narrative this way。

Narrative is what lasts and what what forms the relationship down the line， right。

 So if you're in a relationship with a girl for a year or three years or five years。

 or you get married in our life partners， whatever。

 she's likely to forget a lot of the little flirts and push pulls that happened early on in the relationship。

 probably， you know。That's just a drop in the bucket or maybe a drop in the ocean by the time you've had a long relationship that will be forgotten。

 but the narrative。It grows over time， The narrative is added onto and built from。

 and that foundation of narrative becomes， you know starts as a little ice cube。

 and eventually it's an iceberg， and eventually it's the entire freakin North Pole or South Pole。

 I think whichever regardless， It's a big fucking chunk of ice it becomes bigger and bigger and bigger。

 it actually grows the deeper the relationship goes。 And for that reason。

 the fact that other elements of game are shrinking and the narrative elements and narrative influence is increasing it becomes the thing that's left in a relationship once a lot of the gaminginess has gone。

 You're never gonna completely stop flirting in gaming。

 But the definition of what the relationship is how the girl thinks about the relationship。

 how the girl thinks of herself selfretivity and how she thinks about you。

 the narrative is gonna become a bigger and bigger part， the longer the relationship goes。

 So you want to start building it the right way right at the beginning。

 So it grows into the thing you want it to be rather than something that you're going to regret having made it。

 So do give some thought up front to narrative and。

Understand that down the line narrative is going to be the dominant part of the relationship。

Not at first at first， again， you have your premise， your evaluation， all these different things。

 but once you've decided you like a girl and once she's decided she likes you。

 you're really building that narrative of we and that's going to become critical And even from the first moment the narrative of you is being developed so be be conscious about this don't let it happen by accident because you know a year down the road。

 the narrative is going to be the relationship。