# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：17 - 基线作为叙事# 教导与带领_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Final example。 and by the way， this is not a completely exhaustive inclusive list。

 but I think these are some of the biggest categories that should give you a good idea overall of the idea of baseline's narrative and should help you extrapolate to any other cases that may come up But a big thing here in terms of baseline is going to be the nature of the communication you have with the girl And here specifically I'm talking about leading in the conversation and we're talking about teaching in the conversation because being a teacher or a leader is an archetype in and of itself。

 There are a lot of girls that go for their teachers。

 a lot of girls that get crushes on their teachers because the minor authority figure people in the class responding to him。

 but also because he's in this role of teacher mentor almost like a father figure and a lot of girls go for that。

 So if in the interaction you are teaching leading etc that's going to build a traction it's going to be good conversation。

 you're going keep things moving forward， you'll be in charge of the flow of the conversation which is useful but also you're building a narrative that's putting you into that position of teacher leader etc。

 and it's a very good one。😊，In general to take on not always and not necessarily with every girl。

 especially if you know that in this particular relationship。

 you don't want to be a teacher leader down the road。

 don't start off being a teacher or leader or mentor at the beginning of the relationship you can control that as well。

 but it is a very useful one。 and it's definitely a frame that I do use relatively often as someone who I'm going to brag a little bit but whatever as someone who at least believes he has a lot to offer in terms of teaching the world Sometimes I teach a girl as someone who has dealt with a lot of students and know step by step how how to communicate and tell stories and engage in a way that is informative。

 I will use that with girls to be engaging， be informative and to keep them you know。

Involved in the conversation in a positive way so that one we're having a good interaction。

 And then two， I have the opportunity for any baseline moves and any logistical moves and that kind of stuff around it。

 So this idea of teacher mentor is not a fact you're conveying in the conversation。

 but it's the nature of the conversation you're having are you having this conversation we're asking them for advice all the time making them the authority。

 they're doing most of the talking or are you doing it where you are you know dictating the conversation controlling the direction is going on etc。

 there's pros and cons of both。 There are certain girls， again。

 we'll talk about blueprint in a moment。 There are certain girls whose blueprint it is that they're very confident oftentimes they're like academically gifted and have done well in that area where actually taking the opposite role can work as well funny enough being a teacher and mentor can work for them because they probably have had teachers and mentors as they like。

 but oftentimes if they're very confident letting them talk and letting them lead the conversation and and sort of like not teach you but letting them just express their opinions。

 And then you can sort of be you can。😊，Respond and you can give judgment and encourage and whatnot and you can lead the conversation through an occasional question that can work very well as well。

 So there are different archetypes of this， but be very conscious of are you being the teacher mentor in the conversation。

 Are you leading the conversation or are they doing most of the talking。 And in general。

 you leading the conversation is probably going to work better， but not always but either way。

 you're playing a particular archetype。 You're making a choice。

 And that is going to affect how the relationship developed。

 It's going to affect who's in charge of what topics come up。

 It's going to affect how you interact with the girl sexually， who's more dominant。

 who's more submissive， etc， etc， etc。 So again， this is a very important area of your baseline communication。

 like know the fluff talk， general communication。 They're going to be very conscious of what is the nature of who's leading。

