# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：06.关键概念：1.隐形升级 【课程更新加微信kc58567】

Another key concept I want to keep in mind is a concept I call invisible escalation。

 I'm going to explain this in terms of physical escalation first because that's where you may have heard it from me before。

 but I want to also say this applies to every form of escalation， physical， logistical， and verbal。

The invisible escalation is this。 Let's say that you want to make a physical move。

 Maybe you want to go for a kiss。 You could just out of nowhere。

 just lean in and try and kiss the girl。 and maybe it works if she's receptive to it。

 And maybe even she thinks you're bold and like kind of like courageous and is attracted to that up to a certain leveling game and in certain circumstances。

 But what if it doesn't work。 Well， then it looks pretty bad。

 then it looks like this this big forceful move that didn't work。

 It's very embarrassing and and it's clearly a big thing that occurred in the interaction。

 It's a clear statement to the world， I tried for something I was rejected。

 it definitely says who has power and where the relationship is at。 And even if it does work。

 it wasn't that smooth。 It looked a bit gamey， it looked a bit try hard， seem to come out of nowhere。

 and it is a bit of a leveling behavior。 It's a kind of thing that it makes you look like a relatively relatively attractive guy。

 but not a 10 at a 10 guy。 All So it's not ideal on a lot of levels。

 instead of going for one big move physically。 what I really recommend is going for a bunch of little move。

That are so so much so small of an escalation bigger than the last escalation that it's almost unnoticeable。

 So for example， instead of just going for a kiss， what I might do is I might like hold the girl's gaze for a little too long and kind just see how she reacts see if she pulls away first or not and that's gonna be indicator for me of whether or not she's ready for a kiss or maybe then the next thing maybe I'll brush her hair out of her face just a little bit and see how she reacts to that if she like pulls away to the idea of me touching her face。

 she's probably not receptive to a kiss yet if that were to go well。

 I might run my hand back through her hair and over her ear just a little bit of a caressing gesture。

 she's okay with that maybe even more okay with a kiss if she's okay with that。

 I might actually take my hand and give her a slight little run the hand through the hair or give her a little hairp if she's good with that she probably is completely ready for a kiss。

 but even then I might not kiss her then I might know that I can and I might wait and do it in a moment when the tension's even bigger or for example。

 I might lean it into a girl's secret and。how she responds in terms of when when I'm pulling back across her cheek。

 if she pulls away or leans into me and kind of cuddleles up to me。

 that again is another one of those indicators along the way。 And that's just for kissing。

 there's the same kind of thing for all kinds of different physical escalations you might do。

 So the idea is instead of one big obvious physical move。

 you're breaking it down into a ton of little moves that are so individually riskfr because they're basically the same thing you did before where it would be really weird if she even objected to them。

 and that lets you know where you're at so that you can proceed forward， escalate nicely。

 but not run into resistance or kind of any any kind of objection on her part。 if at all possible。

 So that's the idea with physical escalation And it makes the whole interaction very nice for her makes the whole interaction and nice smooth positive good feelings all around。

 it really increases her experience with you and makes it more enjoyable。😊。

But the same thing can be done in verbal escalation and logistical escalation。

 So rather than going straight in and you're saying， hey， hey， I like you， you're sexy。

 you can get to there in a series of smaller verbal moves。

 so that it's almost imperceptible so there's nothing big and clunky and gamey and obvious going on Similarlyly with venue changing instead of taking a girl straight home。

 you can baby step to different venues， instead of just out of nowhere saying， hey。

 let's go to a different venue， you can actually suggest it or hint at it in the negative。

 you can suggest it or hint at it in a hypothetical way。 And then if the responses are good。

 you can eventually go ahead and do that escalation move。

 but I want you to keep in mind this idea of invisible escalation， in the physical。

 which is the most obvious and most commonly occurring form where it gets mentioned。

 but also in logistical escalation and invisible verbal escalation。

 the idea of making your escalations so imperceptible， so subtle。

 so small that it would almost be ridiculous to reject them。

