# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 7第七周（升级）：1 - 性升级：8 - 场地升级 - 拉 - 约会场地_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So the next venue I want to talk about is what I call the poll venue or the date venue and this is where you and the girl are alone for an extended period of time。

 There's not something' gonna to interrupt you in five minutes or 10 minutes or anything like that。

 and also you've both agreed to be there by a choice and a choice that's dictated by at least in part one into enjoy each other's company so there could be another activity as well like you're both going to a concert together you're both going to a show together or something along those lines not that I think those are necessarily the best dates to go on as a first date but the point is there could be a side attraction but at least part of it is you've decided to go with this person as opposed to just going to this thing alone so it's a planned。

Encounter of an extended time between the two of you。 What you should take from this。

 the very fact that she's decided to go like leave a bar and go somewhere with you。

 or you met her on the street and she decided to go for a coffee with you or you met her online and she's agreed to go on a date with you whatever the heck it is by her agreeing you should assume she likes you because she is investing a chunk of her time into saying that you are the best use of that time。

 you are the thing she would most like to invest in during this particular time。

 And as much as you want the date to go well。 she wants the date to go well also she is rooting for you。

 she is rooting for the relationship。 she is rooting for it to become know I got swept off my feet。

 one thing let do another， it was amazing。 and here we are。

 And this is the story we tell our kids That's what she would like to have happen。

 So help her help you so to speak because you are on that date you can assume certain things You can assume that a minimal level of physical intimacy is just pretty much a given like。

At least like something like a hug or whatever to start the date is pretty given even for a girl you've never met before。

 maybe you meet a girl online when you meet up at least a hug is pretty much just a given some form of physical contact at least a given and also the attempts at physical contact going beyond that will not be out of character or like uncalibrated to the same degree they might be somewhere else because if a girl came on a date with you and then you try and kiss her well you know what it's kind of like you know she doesn't really have too much of a right to be offended by that because the date does imply。

 you both agreed you liked each other and if you took that as a signal to try and kiss her you're not really all that wrong right now it could be that during the date she's become turned off or whatever or who knows what or it could be that she has particular rules about kissing but regardless you're not socially wrong to try and kiss on a date and those kind of escalations make a lot of sense Also having agreed to a date gives you some leverage verbally So a lot of times on a date I。

Don't carry the conversation a lot at the start right now。

 if it's sitting in truly awkward silence and nobody's talking。

 obviously I'm gonna take the burden and make it a good conversation。

 but I don't go into a date with this idea at the start。

 I have to entertain her and be the one who facilitates all the conversation because as much as you don't want to have a bad date。

 she doesn't want to either。 So example， I meet a girlfriend for drinks which is a very typical date for me and maybe sit down and we get a menu like a drink menu or something like that。

 And then instead of me being like so how is your day and this and that and the other。

 I actually just pick up the menu and I look at it。 and I figure out what I want。

 And I'll even do that in silence。 Now probably we've talked a little bit hey have to finding the place we sit down whatever But at that time I'm just gonna be quiet and I'm just gonna figure out my drink order the exact same as I would if I was there with a girl that's already my girlfriend who I don't have to impress who I don't have to keep entertained all the time。

But oftentimes， with this being a first date， the girl is going to be a little nervous。

 she's gonna feel a little bit awkward。 And so she'll start trying to make conversation。

 So she'll start in with。 So how is your day， So from your online profile I didn't notice this or so I notice when we met you are wearing whatever now you're this。

 So she'll start trying to make conversation and that's a good thing because now she's the one putting in the effort。

 She's the one chasing etc that's a very， very good positive frame。

 So understand the key understanding here to start with is she likes you she wouldn't be there if she didn't so you can very much assume that it's on until there's indicators otherwise gives you a lot more permission and a lot more leway。

😊，That said， you should be on a date or a poll thinking that it's very because she does already like you and you do have this committed period of time where there's no distractions and no interruptions。

 you should be thinking the probability of this leading to sex and intimacy and relationship and whatnot is very。

 very high So you should be setting the venue for this in a place where that can happen hopefully near where you live So that's actually a possibility and you should be proceeding and escalating in order to make that happen because you do have a window of time。

 you may have three hours or five hours or however long you have that's uninterrupted time with her if you do have a five hourour date with a girl and you don't escalate at all you may put yourself very squarely in the friend zone。

 you may put yourself very squarely and that he's too timid to make a move zone。 So on the one hand。

 it's good because you have the opportunity to make moves on the other hand。

 be careful because if you don't make moves fast enough。

 you could very quickly become the guy who doesn't know what he's doing or the guy who's too afraid to make a move or all that sort of thing It's also obviously。

conversational topics so you have the ability and the permission to broach much more sexual topics you can talk to a girl about not that it's the best topic。

 but in terms of like intimacy and being okay to talk about and not being rude you can talk about her former relationships you can talk about what she likes in guys those kind of things those are very valid topics on dates you can do something like play a game like never have or truth or dare where you are getting into like secrets in a little bit of risk gay sexual type of topics that's all very okay on dates as our escalations of intimacy like using the word we to refer to you and her together as opposed to just you and her as two separate entities So all of these escalations are very available to you but if you don't use them you will often be punished because you'll be put in the category of guy who does know what's doing or guy who's too scared。

