# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：8.社会压力（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next tool we're going to talk about social pressure is actually very similar to the previous one。

 It's just a difference in timing really So in the previous one we talked about creating a context where before posing a decision。

 we've basically create a context that kind of influences which way that decision is likely to go in this case what we're doing is after posing the decision or during posing the decision we are actually interacting in such a way as to kind of shade the decision So for example。

 say that you were to ask somebody something and they start to talk and as they start to give an answer。

 you kind likeing cringe up or you're what nonverbally or or something on those lines。

 well what you're doing now is you're explicitly indicating that the perception might not be the best of that and you might get someone to actually change the decision you might get someone to hesitate that you invite someone to to make a different decision than they otherwise would。

And the more subtle this is done， the better if you make this very overt。

 you actually do it like directly and verbally now you're just arguing with someone。

 but if it's in subtle ways， for example， a subtle like shift of like shift of focus。

 look on the face a little like turning away and loss of attention。

 things like that that can actually be very very useful in terms of subtly conveying approval or disapproval and letting the person do what they want to do to gain your approval rather or not lose your approval this will typically only work or will work most strongly when somebody already likes you similar to actually most tactics in game and similar to the previous one of creating a context。

 the more someone cares about your approval， the more someone likes you the more effective these types of things become and again this one can be used very manipulatively so I want to encourage you once again use it for good rather than for bad use it to create a win-win situation rather than a win lose one both because it's the healthy and right thing to do and also because if you consistently create win lose in。

Eventually it will come back to bite you in the ass。

 you can't really you know control someone forever。

 you can't really control like everything about someone or whatever you can't you can't and shouldn't try and do that。

 and it will lead to very toxic， bad relationships and it will eventually lead to people actually kind of rebelling against whatever type of control means you're trying to use。

 So don't do that。 It doesn't work in the long run。 And it's also not the right thing to do。

 But I do want to point that out because these are very very subtle manipulative things that you can do and they should be used again with the idea in mind of creating a good relationship and a good atmosphere for everybody helping someone to make positive decisions。

 for example， using social pressure to get someone to they say someone has a dream or a goal they're trying to work towards using some social pressure to get them to do it is probably a lot better than other uses of social pressure that might be more negative。

