# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：9.赢在起跑线上_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Final mental， I want to share with you in terms of the belief systems that underlie attraction。

 The idea here is playing to win as opposed to playing to not lose。 Think of it this way。

 in your life， you're gonna to meet a whole lot of women and you're gonna to sleep with or date some small fraction of them。

 And what matters for who gets into that fraction is there'll be girls who absolutely love you。

 Girl who kind of like you， Girl who don't really care and girls who fucking hate you。😡。

In terms of developing relationships and having those really positive interactions that go somewhere。

 the ones that absolutely love you matter。All the rest are exactly the same。

 The girl who kind of sort of likes you probably is never gonna to be relationship with you。

 The girl who can， who doesn't even notice you're there is not to have relationship with you。

 The girl who fucking hates you actually， interestingly enough。

 might be more likely than the last two to come around and like you。

 but is still unlikely to end up being the one that likes you。😡。

So all that matters in terms of your success is getting as many girls as possible into that category of totally loves you right if by doing that。

 you end up making a few girls that would have been neutral about you hate you， that was a good risk。

 that was a risk that led to success led to a great dating life， a great sex life。

 potentially happiness， potentially meeting the woman of your dreams。But it is a risk。

 And it's very important to talk about that in the context of attraction tactics because it's very easy to think of these attraction tactics as risky。

s they're not necessarily 100% polite。 They're not necessarily 100 percent safe。

 you are taking a very tiny risk when you tease a girl when you show premise towards a girl or show interest in a girl when you do those types of things。

 there's a chance it can go well and chance to go poorly， but rather than being scared of that。

 you should relish that because when you start， you're at that middle ground of girl who is not gonna sleep with you you have to do something to actively push her into that。

 I really like this guy category。 And if that actively pushes her to I don't like this guy。

 you haven't lost anything。 So I want you to understand success and failure in terms of actual success and failure rather than in terms of emotionally protecting yourself because guys who are worried about their emotions。

 guys who are worried about taking a rejection play to not lose and they end up not winning。

losing universally by not getting any girls into that。 I love you category。 right。

 They're not polarizing enough。 They're not making a strong enough impression to get girls there in order to get girls there。

 you have to make a strong impression。 The strong impression can be positive or negative。

 but understand that the default。 The default of this three and a half billion girls in the world is not being in a relationship with you in order to make them be in relation order to get them to be in a relationship with you。

 You have to do something。 You have to actively do something。To get them to love you。

 You can't just be non hated。 You cannot non hate or non dislike your way into the bedroom。

 You cannot non dislike your way into relationship。

 You need to play to win rather than playing to not lose。😡。

