# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：08.实战：白天即时约会【课程更新加微信kc58567】

The footage you're about to see is from a fairly standard advanced level day game pole I know it looks like it's night that's because it's like winter。

 but it's definitely a day game is around like 7 o'clock。 I want to say something like that。

 anyway I met this girl just basically on the sidewalk。

 talked to her for a little bit and I took her on an instant date across the street for a drink and then from the instant date we eventually go to the poll what I'm gonna to show today is just from hello up until the instant day and what I want you to focus on is how the verbal game elements that I've talked about exist。

 however they're very subtle This is an interaction where in particular。

 there are moments where I'm clearly doing game， but there are a lot of moments where I'm just having a conversation but I'm having a conversation from a high value frame I have a conversation where I'm leading being interesting making statements。

 adding my own perspectives those kind of things it's that foundational sort of verbal game that is having interesting conversation being a high value guy mixed in with little elements of what we'd consider explicit verbal game like flirting。

 teasing， qualifying。Things like that。 I want you to notice that and also notice the conversational ratio because this is Dim。

 I'm able to have a conversational ratio where there's a lot of normal conversation and the actual game elements are not a ton or they're not constantly stacked one on top of another。

 Ex absolutely I have to go in a minute absolutely the door this look like did how did this even come so bad ass now so there's a lot going on。

 first of all， what type opener is's a direct opener So I am being obviously pretty manwo right at the start。

 but I am adding in some interesting elements to it。

 What have I done I've done a false time constraints which makes it more likely that she might stay a or might not so to dismiss and just get over's not in the camp of liking me So see what the direct open。

 There's a couple away get a response that's amazing the set will progress quickly if you get a negative response or she doesn't're more likely to get a quick no before youve been able to convey your personality。

 What I'm trying to do is give myself a little bit the best of both。😊。

So that's where the false time constraint comes in and that's also why I'm elaborating and having some unique thoughts beyond just hey。

 you look good。 And then we see her reaction here is generally very， very positive。

 which is what we're ideally looking for。呃。My story the dress is So there is what's your story So a lot of times after a direct open if it goes well。

 you can automatically or or immediately go to a little bit of that evaluation stage because you opens right the direct opener opens direct opener also makes it manda women've shown some amount of premise some amount of the fact that it is amandoman interaction So in that little window she says thank you or is very positive in her response。

 you have a window to go straight to evaluation Now you're not done with showing premise A lot of guys make that mistake a lot of guys think oh well you said hey I like you at the start so I've shown premise Yeah。

 you showed premise once that's not enough。But it's enough that for the moments I can I can go back and forth a little bit between premise and evaluation。

 And in fact， when you do a direct open as an advanced guy， you want to do that because it was just。

 you know I like you， I like you。 I like you or just I like you a lot。

 And then a lot of mandawo things。 It can be a little cheesy。

 a little playerish a little bit obvious。 So that mix of premise evaluation if you get a good response。

 is pretty standard and typically what you're gonna want to do off of a good response to a direct open。

 Let's start with the girl behind the dress and then we'll get to the dress。

 and that's mandawo and of itself。 It's just an answer to her question。 but yeah。

 I complimented her on the dress。 and she says the girl of the dress。

 I'm let's talk about the girl first and then the dress it's not the dress first and then the girl。

's not let's just talk about the dress。 I'm not hiding my intentions。

 I'm not trying to beat around the bush with things。

 I'm being very open in the fact that I'm interested in her。 but again interested， not sold。 I'm。

Nice to meet you。 Nice to meet you And then what did she do。 She's hesitating。

 right's she's thinking and trying to come up with an answer， which is fine。

 There are a few different responses you'll get to an evaluation。

 Response number one is they qualify themselves， which is great。

 Response number two is they don't qualify themselves or refuse to qualify themselves。

 which is really bad。 Reponse number three， which is almost as good as response1。

 is they make an effort to qualify themselves。 And here she's making an effort， but she's struggling。

 So rather than have it be nervous and awkward and have her struggle。

 I'm going help her to continue the conversation。 I've gotten the information I need。

 which is she's willing to qualify， and I'm gonna help her to do that。

 I'm going help her to convey herself to me。 Oh my goodness， you do business。😊。

That was like a very businesslike handshake。 And that's just a tease。

 That's not even Amanda Wo tease。 It's just a general tease。

 She basically gave me a really firm handshake。 And so I'm teasing on that handshake right or really I'm just noticing that handshake and making it something in the interaction。

 there's a couple points here。 number one conversation isn't entirely linear。

 you don't have to have one subject and finish it all the way to the end and then the next subject all the way the end conversation you should have different branches off of it the more branches you have especially early on in the conversation the easier it is for the conversation to continue think of it this way if you have one conversational topic and it goes to completion now you have this moment where there's nothing left to say in the conversation and that sucks and the conversation should probably end and you have to restart it almost re the conversation whereas if on the way to finishing that topic。

 you opened up five different topics now you have so many things to talk about and now the conversation has a lot a lot to go with it。

 Some get so caught up in what they're trying to say that they fail to notice or acknowledge what the girl does。

 So maybe you walk up and you。An idea of your opener and then she says or does something and then you just finish your opener blind to what she said or did that makes the interaction very。

 very bad or often what will happen is you'll go up and you'll try and start a conversation and she'll actually start doing something way better than what you had intended and instead of acknowledging that thing that's better and going with it。

 you're going to be stuck on that thing that you had planned and then the third thing is just being willing to tease in general being willing to notice things and give a hard time and you it's okay it's okay to tease it's okay to tease women。

 it's okay to tease people it's okay to tease just about anybody that that banter a lot of people think it's rude it's actually in a way affectionate because you're putting in the time and energy to banter with someone you're putting in the time and energy to tease someone to notice something they're doing so yes。

 there is a negative polarity， a little negative spike to it but there's also a strong positive to it which is showing you care enough to actually interact with the person as they are and interact with with what the persons really doing and to pay attention to what they're doing。

Like， you don't give like a we handshake in hands？Nice to meet you， Are you're like， no really？

But it's okay， what do you do for a living because you're like， that was very like。

You like do real estate， you do like getting a lawyer， like， what do you？Okay。

 so you're like creative and inventive So this actually looks a lot like me asking get to know you questions。

 And in a sense it is， however， I'm also sort of challenging her It sounds weird right So it sounds like I'm giving compliments and asking questions。

 which are two things you would say are normally batting game but what I'm actually doing is I'm giving her a benchmark or a bar to live up to So she said she's I don't know advertising marketing。

 whatever it is she said and I basically say， oh， so you're creative， So you're original。

 so you're inventive right This is like。Something that would be good in that area。

 but it's not necessarily true right so I'm asking her to either qualify herself or I'm asking her to acknowledge that she's not that in any case I'm challenging her I'm assessing her to a certain amount and it's kind of funny because sometimes compliments can be if you compliment someone on something they clearly are it's just a compliment if you complement someone on something you perceive they might be it's not only a compliment but also a challenge to them to live up to it and so it has that dual nature and so here it seems like I'm asking questions that are maybe boring question。

 it seems like I'm complimenting but actually what I'm doing is I'm asking a question that's challenging and I'm giving a compliment that asks her to potentially qualify so it's a subtle distinction enough to。

Okay well， there's something。 So then she qualifies as says well， creative enough for this。

 So she's give me like a modest but trying to impress answer and， oh that's something。 I in， oh。

 you know， that's pretty good。 I'm somewhat impressed。

 right So this is worked out where I'm giving her a compliment。

 She couldn't quite live up to the compliment。 And so I said， well， no。

 I still like you a little bit。 So my compliments actually turned into a qualification because of the delivery and nature of the compliment。

 And that's a great way to start qualifying。 One of the things I always say is a way to start qualifying is to challenge the girl。

 And sometimes contradict as it may sound a compliment can be a challenge because you're challenging them to live up to the compliment。

 most people try and be creative in people just like know I don't want to see it。

 So at least that's great。 marketing。 essentially advertising。😊。

Marketings like the boring Oh they do all that's funny because you like the research and stuff and then they give it to you and you're like。

 but yeah it's funny because you talk to the marketers are like advertising the bullshit side。

 you're like marketing the boringrg side， you know whatever。So this isn't that important really。

 other than the fact that we're having a real conversation now we're talking about real actual ideas as opposed to nonsense bullshit like platitudes。

 It's not just， oh how is the weather Where'd you coming from on your we're talking about our actual views on life and that's a better way to convey your personality Fas don't convey personality very much opinions and perspectives do And so she's sharing her perspectives I'm sharing my perspectives and I'm not necessarily exactly agreeing with her I'm not exactly necessarily not I'm not disagreeing or agreeing every single time I'm just being me I'm expressing my real attitudes if she says something I like I'll let her know I like if she's something I don't like I'll let her know I don't like it I'm not trying to blow smoke up or ass and kiss her ass I'm not trying to be polarizing in an asshole I'm just being honestly me and leading my values and perspectives into the conversation。

Everybody thinks whatever they do is the most important right All I know is listen they have to wear。

Like actual because， I don't have some machines。Now she's given me a great opportunity right she said like the people in marketing have to wear actual clothes。

 she doesn't have to wear shoes。 but I as she was saying， I don't have to wear whatever。

 I already had this thought in my head of you know she's talking about herself being naked and you know me I'm gonna misinterpret that for sure。

 So even though she finished with I didn't I don't wear shoes。

 I can just pretend she said I don't have to wear shit or as you pretend I didn't hear that last part and I can go ahead and misinterpret it。

 it's a great opportunity to get a sexual thing into the conversation that I didn't uniquely originate。

 she said it first。 So even if it is a little cheesy， even if it is a little bit try hard。

 it's not entirely my fault So it gives me a lot more leeway。 and in fact。

 the thing I say is a little bit overly obvious but it's still serves the purpose。

 even though it's not the best delivery， even though it's a little obvious even though it's not even perfectly calibrated the fact that it is a misinterpretation and the fact that it's in a context where she already likes me it's gonna be received well enough。

 and it serves its purpose， the main purpose is to indicate。Two things， one。

 does Amanda Wo I either premise and two， the frame that I believe she's chasing me or that she's the one bringing up sex。

 those are the important things， whether the actual line is super good is not nearly as important。

Well， never mind as appealing as the idea of you not wearing actual clothes and all that。

 let's let's take this slow。 I just met you。 And plus I need to know。 know， it's okay。

 So you're a creative person。 you live in Miami。 her response was not to be like flustered or massively attractive。

 Her response is not to be offended。 Her response says， yeah， right， isn't like， yeah， I get。

 I get your line。 That's that's cute。 That's clever。 And that's fine。

 Not every line has to work through the roof。 Not every line has to make her like dripping wet。

 right。😊，It's good enough。 It did what it needed to do because again， what it needed to do。

 it needed to establish some mandawo interaction and something of a frame。

 And as long as she's not actively against that frame， it served its purpose。

 So once that's been acknowledged and we both know that， yes， I said amandawo line。

 Now I can just get on with it， change a subject continue having a normal conversation and let that just be a subtle thing that happened。

 And now I'm flat out qualifying her because what's happened so far。

 she showed that she was receptive to my first you know direct open。

 she's participating in the conversation and sharing her opinions， what she doesn't have to do。

 And I did a mandawo thing and she didn't object to it。

 That's enough for me to maybe challenge and qualifier， which I do And now she's gonna respond by。

 I think asking me a question。 So that's a start I just moved As soon as a girl asks you a question on a cold approach。

 metaphorically and maybe even physically take a big sigh of relief。 just。The hard work is done here。

 right， The hard part is done。 I no longer have to do pickup。 I no longer am doing a cold approach。

 I'm now talking to someone。 I'm just in a conversation。

 There are two places in game where you have to give your power away a little bit。

 The open and the close。 Those are the parts of game。

 you want to make as subtle and smooth and meaningless as possible。 Once she's asking you questions。

 we like， opener achieved。 I am not going back to opening。 I'm just in a conversation。

 And anything on everything I can do to not make this look like game and not make it look like a cold approach。

 That's the right approach。So I've been here for like three weeks。 of And interestingly enough。

 She notices this。 She notices that it now feels like not a cold approach and that we're talking to each other and we're just having conversation and she actually moves us out of traffic to the of the sidewalk。

 And the funny thing about this is this is something I tell my students to do So she did it for me in this case。

 But it's a big thing if you're in a crowded place， move the girl over to the edge of the sidewalk。

 move or go over the wall of the building if you're sidewalk like say in New York or whatever。

 take the girl。 she's in a park and go sit with her on a bench for a second because when you're in the place where you first met it feels and looks like game it feels and looks and it reminds her that it was a pickup。

 as soon as you're sitting somewhere walking somewhere else doing something else。

 now it just feels like you're together。 And this is great because she actually did it。

 So that tells me that she's already feeling that way she just made an escalation move venue changed me。

 That's incredible。 that doesn't happen very often most of the time you're gonna have to do this for her。

 But this very move she did， you should be doing in your interaction。😊，I move from New York。

 and I kind split time now， So I go back and forth。

 but it's interesting in your marketing because I want to business So a lot of it is marketing。

 of course， as far as goes。 But no， I'm curious about you。 So then I answer a question。

 and then I want to get right back to you know， things that are actually gonna move things forward。

 which is we're in the process of qualifying， evaluating her。 So I'll answer a question about myself。

 I't I want her to get to know me too， but I want to keep up the process。

 I want to keep on the topics that are actually gonna lead somewhere， which are， in this case。

 the topic of evaluating her。 So'm going to keep coming back to that。

Because you have like the most like sweet， innocent like face。

 But then the dress and look and then the expressions that come off that face。

 I'm like this girl is gonna be trouble。 and that is a canned line sort of all the stuff about the dress and whatever that that's added on But the idea of you have a sweet innocent face。

 but your' trouble or sweet innocent face， bad girl matters that is a canned line Why do I use it because it works。

 It's worked for a decade and a half for me and it will probably continue to work until every single one of you guys uses it。

 and a girl says to me I've heard that before。 but it's a really good line。

 it's a line that I've used a lot of times and it works for me。

 It's a great way when things are going well to establish the idea that I do like you。

 and I'm comfortable with that。 but I also feel like you know there's some resistance or some hesitation on my part。

 It's a great way to set the frame of interested but not old。

I don't know but what I don't even know what stranger and that's amazing right there again。

 I mentioned there's different responses to qualifying right one is her actually qualifying herself。

 the other is her refusing to qualify herself and the other was is her trying and here she's not only trying but she's so nervous about my opinion of her that she's trying and failing and it's not trying and failing because she she doesn't have anything is trying and failing because she doesn't necessarily have anything that's good enough for me so she's indicating very strongly she thinks I'm high value person。

 she cares about my opinion of her which is a great place to be。It。ok面就。I like to bake a lot。Okay。

Fair enough。That's good。 Most people I know who like to bake do not have， you know your physique。

 but that's okay。 So that's another good， it's a good push pull compliment。 right。

 Most people who like to bake。 don't have your physique。 I'm saying you're not fat， right。

 but you're not fat is very different than you're hot。 and you have an incredible body。

 I'm just saying you're not fat。 And so because of that， it's a tempered compliments。

 It's a bit of a push pull compliment。 But again， still manda woman still positive still in no way negative or rude。

 but it is a compliment with some tension built in there。 And with some challenge built into it。

 is great good thing about is you don' it Well I mean I' be I I' there are who like 26 but most't' yourself。

😊，I like doing that Okay fair enough and here this is awesome she's massively qualifying herself。

 She's also opening up some unique different things about herBeyond that I can start to read some blueprint type things from her because and this is like maybe subtle but the things she's choosing are not standard things people do to fit in or be popular at all people don't bake like to fit in at least not like in general I mean maybe if they like throw parties and bake at parties or maybe they go to parties and bring orurvs maybe that's to fit in but like baking is it's a unique kind of thing she's indicating that she tends to be like her own person。

 she's a little quirky， she makes her own decisions and she she makes them not necessarily always caring about the approval of others so that's a good useful thing useful tidbit for me to have in terms of my kind of profile of her and who she is as I talk to her it also makes her desire to impress me and her qualifying to me even more of a positive sign even more of a sign that she genuinely is attracted to me。

So as of right now， and this is a key thing I want you to be asking yourself during your interactions。

 where am I， have I opened， yes absolutely， and is she participating you know as much or more than me。

 yes， so I've not only opened I've definitely hooked， opened and hooked。is their premise Yes。

 I've made it Manddowoman very clearly a couple times and then the underlying idea and theme of Manddowoman has been present throughout。

 there hasn't been anything that's been the opposite of mandoel womanman or that's undone mandowoman or contradicted Mandowoman either。

So open， yes， premise， yes， evaluation， yes， some right's qualifying herself right now So basically if I'm to progress the interaction forward。

 looking at the model open close model， open premise evaluate narrative close Well。

 my choice is to keep this somewhere would be narrative or close So getting a number would be closing taking on an instant date would be closing for an instant date。

 but really what an instant would be would be an opportunity for us to sit down and develop narrative to start getting to know each other in a deeper level and to take that evaluation deeper and add some narrative to it So basically I've gotten as far as I'm reasonably going to get standing here right if this conversation ends now or continues three or four or five more minutes exactly as it is I won't have achieved a lot more in those three or four or five minutes because in this venue in this setting it's gonna be hard to build much narrative because you don't build narrative with someone。

 you don't build deep connection and intimacy with someone standing on a sidewalk as strangers and then。

maybe I'm going to close for a number， maybe I'm going to close for an instant date。

 but I can close there's enough to close now doing more isn't really making it that much easier to close or much more likely that it's going to close。

So as of now， it's time for the next step。's it's reached to diminishing returns for staying where it is。

 So it's about time to go for ideally you should try for the venue change first and then settle for the number。

 So that's what I'm gonna to do here。 Hey， what are you do ride the， is you seem like。

You seem like interesting first， I don't know if I love you or hate you。

 but I can guarantee you're not boring， so notice how I set up the instant date with a push pull。

 I set it up with the fact that I'm evaluating her， etc ce。 I don't just say， hey， I like you。

 let's go and make plans I make sure that there's still that sexual attention I make sure it's still a win for her Okay so what am I doing right now Yeah what are you go to right now？

Just。Okay。I was going ahead in that direction because I parked over her。

How do you feel about a quick drink with an attractive new friends。

 So I find out that she's just left wherever someplace and she's heading back to her car。

 Most of the time if someone left a place and heading back to her car at 7 or8 o'clock。

 they're going home。 They don't have future plans。 So all I'm competing with is home She probably not going to work。

 She probably done with meeting with friends。 She's not about to go meet more friends。

 So that sounds to me a lot like I have the evening free。 So if she has the evening free。

 Why would I want to get a phone number and then meet up with her on a date on another evening。

 Why don't I just meet up with her on a date this evening she's already wearing a dress。

 She's already out just make sense。 And I am taking a cocky frame， But I'm a little obvious about it。

 And that comes up because she's actually gonna notice that and start to give me a shit test。

 with something really interesting about to happen。 She's gonna get halfway through the shit test。

 She's gonna realize that she doesn't want to lose me。 And she's gonna undermine her own shit test。

 This is a very rare thing to have happen。 but it's very telling in terms of her inter psychology。

 it tells you a lot about how women think the way。Are you talking about yourself is you're selling yourself like。

 okay。嗯。I got a drink， though，That was very huge like， wait， what what he mean？Yeah， fair enough。

 So I actually new it's where looks decent and sort of classy is When a girl does something that is really positive or that really。

Undermines any attempt she would have to indicate she doesn't like you。

 It's not a bad idea to point it out or to keep it in the spotlight just a little bit longer。

 So I wasn't necessarily pushing that very hard there I was mostly just amused。

 but it is a good principle in game that when the girl says she likes you。

 it's good to make note of it。 it's good to make sure that that's clearly indicated in the conversation or when a girl does something that is clearly her going out of her way to impress you。

 it's not a bad idea to sometimes like point it out just a little bit。

 you don't want to be obnoxious about it， but you want to acknowledge it。

 you want to make sure it's logically acknowledge in the conversation not just like kind some airy fairy emotional thing in the ether because emotions fade。

 emotions change， but that which has been logically established is a fact on the record and that's useful in a lot of ways in game and also in any kind of like sales or negotiation in all those areas getting the unrecorded on the record is very。

 very useful So when you trying to make plans， it's very important that it seemed casual。

And then it seems like you're just coming up with it as you go here I actually am kind of casual because I don't know the area。

 I also don't care that much where we go So here I don't know， but even if I did know。

 even if I knew exactly where I wanted to take I wouldn't be like let's go here right now I'd be like let's see where could we go I guess there's that place is good that yeah。

 let's go here I would make it seem spontaneous make it seem like I don't do this every single day and make it seem like it's not like this planned that its spontaneous and I just met her on this is special as opposed to that I came out with an agenda to take a girl on this specific instant's。

Oh， there was a it was post。Well let's go somewhere not classy as long as it's fun then， I'm。

 let's be honest， I don't know anything on Oceanside because I've never come here。

And this is actually good in a way， in a way， the fact that we can't come up with a great place and we're just like。

 well， let's just go to a shitty place then。It's actually better， right。

 Had it been that we're going to this place because it's amazing。 Now。

 there's all this justification over we're going because of the place。 Now， when we both acknowledge。

 like the place isn't that great， but we're just going to hang out。

 the vibe or the idea that we like each other is even more established in the conversation。

 fairair enough。 I just know I'm new here。 So I just know Lincoln Road And I know like the like area near like the De in。

 All those hotels over there。 That's all I know。 Okay， now that's subtle。😊。

So you'd have to know Miami to understand this。 but so there's a couple different areas in South Beach。

 One is this area。 I think it's Washington Avenue Street or something like that。

 And then there's like some of the hopposh hotels are there's a couple other areas。

 but basically we're in one of the areas that's a little bit less classy maybe or could be considered less classy and definitely less like pricey And so I don't know this area but I'm indicating instead of saying I don't know this area either I say oh the only area I know is this other area which is the more hip trendy classy expensive area so I'm conveying something about my personality but in a very oblique way I'm not saying oh。

 I don't know these places guys spend a lot of money or I don't know this I'm a classy guy I'm just saying oh the only places I know are these places。

 And if she happens to know that those are the more classy highend places that makes me look really good if she doesn't happen to know that there's no downside and it's not bragging it's just a fact because the brag has to be implied by her。

 it's not stated by me。I very important Washington or you can here but I can't help you。

Well'll just let's go across the street and see what we find right all right， sounds good， all right。

Let's not get killed either， but we'll be all right。Okay。

 so now I need the story of the dress because it is a unique little ensemble you got going on here。

 Okay， so now I'm gonna just have normal conversation。

 And this is a good kind of principle when you are doing a venue change。

 when you are moving from place A to place B， which is better or closer to sex。 General。

 you don't want to take a lot of risks on the way because place B is the objective。

 getting there is 90% of what's important。 What happens on the way that really doesn't matter except as it affects getting there。

 So you don't want to become completely boring， especially if it's a long trip。

 you have a half hour car ride or something you can't just be boring for that half hour car ride。

 But you don't want to be escalating more and taking risks of ruining things during that period。

 because you're much better off just getting to the next venue and then gaming there。

 So here I'm just having more normal conversation。 I'm actually taking it down a notch。

 It wasn't super， super， super flirtatious before， but I'm just taking it down just a notch to a little bit more normal conversation a little bit less mandawo。

 but still clearly flirty， still getting to know her and still me。

A high value guy right but I've taken it down a notch rather than up a notch and a lot of guys what they'll do is they'll escalate more on the venue change and they'll mess up a good venue change by overdoing it right patience is very important in game and escalation should be done in the right setting。

 trying to escalate in the wrong setting or with the wrong timing or in a forced way is a really bad idea。

なら。这个吧。对啊。不然呢。yeah， I just grabbed like a table out here for drinks， something like that。

 Can we just and jump down here， You just want the drinks， Yeah， I just drinks Yeah All right，Okay。

So， thank you。Oh my literally across the street。I mean， if it was figuratively across the street。

 I don't even know what that would resort to So we'll end it there two final points。

 First one is this location。 This is not the ideal place to sit down and have a drink with her。

 so do as I say not as I do in this case。 The reason that I chose this is because I'm being filmed and I knew that my cameraman couldn't follow me if I went deep into one of these places but a quieter more isolated place not right on the sidewalk would have been much better for intimacy because we're less likely to get interrupted by random things and also if any kind of physicality is gonna happen。

 it's a lot less blatant So this was not the best venue choice for game。

 it was just the best venue choice for being filmed so want to make that point second thing is this thing where she says literally across the street and make this joke about figuratively across the street right quite likely for those of you who some of those you who are in Europe。

 Asia， South America you might not understand that joke even right because it is actually kind of like there are a lot of people even American people who wouldn't understand that joke or native English speakers who wouldn't understand that joke。

 It's kind of an advanced language joke however。She's in a profession where she does sort of like writing type stuff and she's indicated some fluency with language and ability to be clever and understand cleverness And so for her。

 I use that joke if I use that joke with a girl that didn't speak English well。

 it would be really kind of not good for the vibe of the interaction not good for the idea that we have chemistry but for a girl who does use language well utilizing that that channel of communication and showing that I do the same and showing that I can be verbally clever actually is pretty useful so you want to calibrate to what the girl has shown you and you want to know within the realm of what is good game in general。

 which particular elements of game are most likely to work for her So I'm gonna cut away here what happens from here is we have about two hours of talking over drinks you call it a date you could talk building narrative we take that two hours and get to know each other build a more deep connection I keep making it gradually manda woman etc。

 and then eventually get in Uber on the premise that we're gonna go back to my place grab a battle of。

And we're gonna like look at bad memes and things on the Internet。

 which if you sat through the two hours， you'd understand that that's actually it has some relevance to her in her life。

 So that's the idea。 and it's actually a much more overt and blatant It's almost like Netflix and chill plus alcohol as the date choice。

 It's a lot more blatant that I'd usually used for a poll but it made sense in the context So it was an easy enough one to go for So that's up to the instant date and there's a lot of different verbal elements there and a lot of different reading her blueprint understanding female psychology elements for you to take away from this video。

