# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：2 - 实战：叙事实战_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）_ev

Hey， welcome back for this week's breakdown。 The girl in this particular interaction may look familiar。

 It's actually the same girl from week zero。 I showed the first maybe four or five minutes of the interaction from where I met her until I took her across the street for an instant date。

 What I'm gonna show today is that entire instant date， which is quite a long one。

 It's about I think roughly two hours of us sitting and building the interaction。

 building the narrative again， that's the theme for this week。

 me finding out about her blueprint and us eventually getting in a car and going home together。

 I'm going be selective about what I choose to bring to your attention about bringing it out the things I think are most important。

 especially within this theme。 But part of it is the instruction。

 part of it is like making sure my clients are happy and having a good time New York and the winter is not as good for that as Miamiami is So I split Miami。

😊，makes sense。Yeah。I'm glad I could give you a very logical business answer。Okay。

 so that's an interesting just little bit of information about me。

 I'm obviously talking about my job， talking about work。

 but the framing of it is what that I run a company。 I'm in charge of things。

 I'm geographically independent but I'm not bragging about this I'm like hey。

 I'm a big corporate CEO guy and you I travel and live wherever the heck I want It's all kind of baked into my answer。

 and this is how you want to be conveying information about yourself is so it comes out by accident right it's part of communication that is just smooth and normal and natural and good enough anyway。

 and then she happens to discover these facts about you I' open book。 I only like monologue at you。

 It's a nice little combination of value and comfort all at the same time。

 It's the type of hey yes I'm interested in getting to know you。 Hey yes， I'm open to etc。

 but there's that little bit of joke about maybe I'm still a little shady。

 maybe I'm still a little bit playerish。 maybe I'm still a little bit dangerous。

 So it's that nice little bit of I'm not push pulling her in terms of like。

You're good but not good or something like that but it's push pulling how much I'm willing to open up to it's a different sort of push pull it's almost like a comfort push pull if you will as opposed to a value-based push pull and it's a push pull about how much I'm committing to her not about her as a person or something that's intended to like trigger her particular self-esteeem or whatever but again it's this idea of I'm still giving a little not giving everything and that theme of push pull or two step forward one step back give a little don't give everything that theme is going continue throughout the entire interaction even as we move from value to comfort。

I give you like I give you how you feel do I like soup I do when it's cold out。So I need to come。

 are you like a brotholi？Maybe aroundmen。I'll take ramen Okay so you're more of a bra I actually be fair I just like ramen。

 I don't like that many soups， I like Asian soups。Like Asian Lake。Just ramen do a lot of lemon grass。

I've never had lemongra soup as far as I know。You have like the most expressive phrase。

 Do you like soup right， Could't possibly be less man to woman in terms of the topic of conversation。

 But I don't want to be like a dig Why are you talking about soup。

 What the heck or you don't want to be super obvious about trying to constantly like just maneuver the conversation to only man to woman ever instead of trying to rush it back to game。

 I just engage with that topic。 No problem。 I'll have a normal conversation about that topic。

 I'll try and be just 5 to 10% more interested in the average person。

 And then when there is a break in the conversation when that conversational topic goes dead。

 when there's a silence， when there's an opportunity to segue。

 I will segue naturally back to something man to woman， but I'm not gonna force it。

 I'm gonna let the game come to me。 Under that I'm in a good situation here。 We're sitting down。

 We're sitting down waiting to order drinks。 It'll be very weird for her to get up and leave in this moment。

 So time is on my side。 There's no need to rush。 There's no need to be pushy at all。

I'm glad because last time。I met up with someone was。You need to it。

Really youre like dull and robotics Oh yeah I still think about it。This person。

 that's going to be their last impression。And first well， I know， if it's a bad one。

 if probably will be there last， so you know？I mean， from the moment I met you。

 I was just thinking about what my last impression would be of I。I couldn't wait for the end。

 No that's obviously a disqualifier。 It sounds like， but it's based on the conversation。

 right It's based on her joking about some other person that， you know maybe had a negative， know。

 ending impression of her。 Most guys would be very nice about like， oh no。

 know I'm sure you'll make a good impression。 I'm sure you ce。 ceter。 or be like， you know。

 hopefully we't have a last impression。 Something that's trying to build rapport and bring the two closer。

 instead， I'm jokingly breaking rapport。 So I'm still indicating that willingness to be playful。

 that willingness to tease that willingness to walk away as necessary。 So very， very good element。

 And it's also a little bit clever， right It's a little bit clever。

 there's a little turn a phraserase a little humor to it。

 It has a little bit of conversational wrinkle as opposed to just being boring and bland as well。

 So I actually really love that little bit there。 at least you like。😊，It is good。

I'm glad you gave me a varied experience， I appreciate that。おにあります。行啊。ですか。

What do you drink what do I drink I drink sweet girly white wines and such that's your go to。

It can be sweetest early as wine you。Rcato is my eighth thing here what？いや、なですか。아' sweet guy 어어요。

Repparentlyably not。I'd argue really again， kind of a boring conversational obviously it's a little mandawo woman because it's about drinking。

 but it's really a pretty boring topic it's very just bland get to know you But what I do I mentioned I like sweet drinks which I actually do this isn't lying I'm telling actual facts about myself because I'm gonna to order something I like so I'm gonna be honest about these kind of things but then I say you know can I tell you I'm a sweet guy just that little hint of flirtiness and then she goes。

 well you could have fooled me or I'm not convinced her I don't remember the exact words but again now she's given me a little bit of shit about it about how I'm not so sweet which is actually good it's indicating that I haven't been a pushover I haven't been that guy that's just trying to like beg for。

Beg for a connection with her or beg for rapport with her I argue that I'm not a sweetar。

I'm trying to like counteract my like sourness， I'm thinking if I were really sweet why would I want to fill up？

Where nice。Okay， so she was talking more literally， but it still is good。

 right there's this innuendo in this undertone， even though she literally is still talking about the drink。

 what I'm doing is I'm just subtly hinting at and having this undertone of flirtation。

 undertone of sexuality undertone a manda women， but it is subtle enough。 It's in fact。

 subtle enough here that she is able to continue right on having the conversation about alcohol without even acknowledging it。

 She may have noticed it and decided not to acknowledge it。

 she may have not noticed it either one is completely fine。

 As long as I put the thing out there and she didn't object to it。

 it's fine best case like when you do a gamey line。 There's a variety of responses you could get。

 best possible response is she's blown away by it and it's amazing and she's like giggling and thinks you're clever as hell and whatever That's not gonna to be the case most the time but it's great if it happens then there's the case where she kind of notices it reacts to it and then goes back to normal conversation。

 which is fine then there she notices it and chooses not to react to it。 which is maybe good。

 maybe bad。But it's never terribly bad because she didn't object to it right so she noticed it and't didn't respond to it and just kind of ignore it。

 It could be because she's trying to pretend it didn't happen， which is not entirely good。

 but it's not that bad or it's because she doesn't know what to say or she's a little embarrassed or she's a little nervous which is completely fine as well next possibility is she didn't even notice you were so subtle she didn't notice and that's fine it's as though you never say anything so it's not good or bad it' completely neutral The worst and really the only bad response is she has an overt negative reaction to it that is the only bad response。

 Any of these in the middle responses are net positive or neutral keep that in mind because a lot of guys they're like every time they say some game me line。

 they want the girl to be blown away by it want the girl to be flabberg acid and enraptured and just fawning all over them that's not gonna happen most the time and it doesn't need to happen most of the time so anything non-neg is fine because it either means that you're saying that thing enhance the interaction or at least you're saying that thing。

s detract from the interaction because it wasn't noticed。

 either of those is completely fine and either of those indicate that you can continue to go ahead and do the similar type of thing going forward。

All right well， hopefully like。Hopefully you're like a feisty little troublemaker。 And then you know。

 maybe we'll get along。 And here again， it's about me and her getting along。

 I bring up these themes over and over and over again。

 the idea of is she or is she and I gonna get along And on dates， that is the purpose of a date。

 The purpose of a date is to figure out if the two of you get along。

 That's the understood purpose of a date， It's normal to talk about that？ So you should Now。

 the question is， what's the framing， Is it gonna to be do I impressed you。

 Princess or it's am I impressed by you， do you live up to my standard， So who is the selector。

 Are you the one selecting and choosing her or vice versa？ The framing is very， very important。

 But any kind of date like situation， it should be about the two of you getting to know each other。

 if you're strraying too far away from that topic， You're wasting the date。な。对啊。对。Sometimes I get。

You've made poor decisions。But I can get sponsored。Instagram。手の映画。Okay， enough。

 I was about to say that some of my core decisions in life have led to someone I know most fun experiences in life。

 but yeah。Sometimes them they're just like in a shower or somewhere anything and then that's not。ま。对。

那以为。F how about like between the two of us， we can have a lot of flirting and no puking right between the two of us。

 we can have a lot of flirting and no puking。Again， it's actually kind of gross in a way。

 but what is it's a flirty statement。 it's an indication of the type of relationship you want to have。

 you want it flirty and sexy， but classy， not like you know knocked down drunken and vomiting everywhere type of like relationship So it is indicating know that you are a guy with standards You're indicating that like you like part of what she said but didn't like all of what she said positive And again I'm bringing this normal conversation back to Amanda woman me in her kind of a topic So again over and over again back to me and her back to me and her back to me in her。

 but it's subtle。 it's not just this like complete like the cartoon envil out of the sky where like its suddenly just something drops in out of nowhere and it makes no sense。

 You don't want your flirtatious lines or your gamingie lines to come off like that。

 you want it to seem like a natural outgrowth of the conversation So again it doesn't seem forced doesn't seem try hard。

🎼W这끼 아装。🎼Yeah。呃，我们。Yeah。I have a feeling we're gonna be one of the more unique people I meet at my Okay。

 so here what did I do。 We just have this segue of ordering drinks。

 which is not particularly flirtious， not particularly manda woman。

 but it's part of the day and it's a good thing It's positive for the overall experience It needs to happen。

 But we've gotten no away from any kind of flirtation or manda woman。 So I need to bring that back。

 So what do I do here I say you might be one of the more unique people。

 Now unique is that a positive or negative thing。 Well， it's more positive the negative。

 it's better than boring but unique can definitely have a negative connotation as well。

 because it means doesn't fit in right So it's again a little bit of a half push pull。

 but it's a type of push pull and this is important that it could never be an insult calling someone unique if someone's like that's me that's an insult like no。

 that's absolutely not because it literally is not。

 But it does have that little kind of undertone or that little kind of twist of does he really like it or is he saying unique as a euphemism for strange or weird or something like that。

找不。So either we're going to get along amazingly well or I'm going to like within it with， yeah。

 I'll be like， I'm not giving her any social media and I'm afraid she's going to be stalking me in the bushes。

 you know， within the next week， you what？We find with that前。You're a talented stalker。Good to know。

 good to know your stocking skills are like topdoch。我不知道。I。Mow water。Now。

 if this is actually true that she is a talented staffer and can find me without my help。

 that's actually a little scary。 but obviously she's kidding。 I hope And will probably be fine。

 But again， she's playing the frame。 she's buying into the frame。 And what does this do。

 It makes the whole thing more fun for everybody There will be a little mortgage get to know you over time。

 but it it will start start out very flirt。 This is again。

 the start of the interaction where I'm you know premise is conveyed。

 but we're still kind of in that phase we're still in that evaluation phase。

 We're just starting to touch on narrative。 So it is still quite game once we get into a more deeper narrative sorry phase and there's more comfort。

 you will see this flirting stuff be less frequent， but it will still exist。

 It never goes away entirely。 lot of。😊，らい。Because I'm very， very。女孩啊，bo。As a part of me about。

 I was like， maybe。Maybe I do like。对呀。在呢。Well，Well， obviously。You made it so far。

That will remain true until the moment is's not， but oh， okay， good to know。I mean。

 that's just a natural part of growing up。Which is like such a action we're teasing and joking about random stuff as a little flotations。

 And what do I do I just reach over and like， I just felt like because she had an interesting。

 interesting fabric on the dress I felt like， oh， that's interesting。

 And I'm sort of caressing her arm just a little bit。 but it's not like super creepy sexual。

 It's not like oh my God， your fabric。 Like it's not like that I's just like， oh that's cool。

 That's interesting。 I didn't think it would feel that way。 Like it's very matter of fact。

 it's very just like， oh， that's cool。 And it's on her forearm。 So it's not like particularly sexual。

 but I am breaking the physical barrier。 I'm not afraid of touching a girl。

 It's very hard to sleep with girls。 If you're afraid of touching girls。 That's kind like I mean。

 it's kind of sexy。😊，🎼在祖国。是对。🎼完。That's called a pulse， it means you're not completely dead。

I'm not okay， you know what， you know what I'm really good about I can't I can't do this what you mean like you can't take your ball so you can't like put your arms out like this it makes you so unhappy。

Okay， well why would you like， what is the purpose of doing this anyway？Because we were like。

I don't do yoga， but any I'm on yoga。' can'tOh you're like laying down Im like。

I feel like donate flu or that could take my blood。You can't pour。Whenever you get the very。

So then' get to folded it down。 I'm like。你敢。Yeah， for whatever reason this just feels incredibly vulnerable and I'm hate looking at veins or arteries or whatever theres。

I' keep that' keep that in mind I like you but given that mean're So she's just opening up and telling me interesting quirky things about her。

 which is great。 What's this going do。 It's gonna build comfort is gonna build connection。

 We know more fact about each other。 and it's not just like job type facts It's like personal experience。

 personal preference peeve type facts。 that's all gonna build a little comfort is going build a little bit familiarity。

 So that's great。 So when she's doing this， what do I do。

 I just sit there and pay attention and I listen， and that's completely fine。 ideally， if you can。

 if the girl is willing to just talk her way into bed and you can just sit there and listen。

 that's the ideal scenario。 And this actually will happen with intelligent girls。

 is like a smart educated girl who is kind quirky and has interesting perspectives on things。

 and she wants to share them。 and letting her share them letting her feel appreciated in letting her express herself is going to help the interaction。

 So absolutely I will let that happen。 But then when I do。😊，Get a chance in a clearly joking way。

 a clearly backhanded way。 I do again， bring it this idea of， oh。

 well no I thought I' like to until then。 And this one's very obviously joking because it's not such a silly little thing。

 but it's just an extra opportunity to introduce a little bit of flirtation， the conversation。

 So notice again， this fractionation。 normal conversation， good topics fun。

 interesting exchange you could have this exchange。

 you could have this exchange with a female friend。

 I could have this exchange with a male friend a lot of it。

 but then I can bring it back to manda woman。 So there's always that reminder that the undertone is we are to people of opposite sexes who like each other。

 It's not you。 it's me。 it's my fetish is like this position。

 So if you can't do that it's not gonna work and that's called exaggeration humor Like it would be so super weird if that were true。

 So it's just like just silly exaggeration。 that exaggeration takes the pressure off of anything。

 we mentioned this when we talked about the different like premise lines and things like that weirdly enough。

 the hyper。😊，Dated premise line that may seem more risky is actually less risky because the absurdity of it takes all the pressure off。

But I stand myself。再次。We got to be careful if we hang out like everybody's gonna think like you have an affbusive boyfriend or something noeno who's the boyfriend in this case me right And again。

 it's joking。 I don't mean it seriously clearly， you know nobody's gonna to actually think that and clearly I'm not her boyfriend at this point。

 but it's a great opportunity to me to throw in that implication that we're already together。

 So again， everything's lighthe。 Everything's fun， but it keeps coming back to that same constant theme of it is a mandoman interaction and it's subtle。

 each of these individual instances are very subtle， but there's a lot of them。F了。

DoYou need help being spontaneous and going for it in life sometimes？

But usually the thing is whenever I've been impulsive。Because it doesn't take a whole lot of minutes。

O。So this is all great， it's basically her opening up which is gonna build a lot of comfort it's also me finding out about her blueprintss me finding out who she is。

 how she interacts with the world so this is all wonderful and what am I doing I'm listening。

 I'm engaging I'm asking interested follow-up questions and this is all great again it's good to let the woman talk if she's talking about things that are enhancing the experience enhancing the interaction as long as she's leading it in a positive direction let her lead her leading you to sex is wonderful let it happen you only need to step in and take the reins or take charge of the conversation when things are  varying in the wrong direction。

 I like most。But anytime I've been impulsive， it's it。そ自ばる。Okay。So any kind of like my？です。ゴム。

W that's more of like a later on like we've had a few drink conversation this one。

You know to scare me off with all your worst qualities in the first 10 minutes of knowing you well I'm flattered that you care so much about。

 you know， my impression of you。Okay and that's great as well right so she's opening up but she's saying I don't want to open up that I'm a little nervous。

 etc。 And then the framing of it which she actually contributed to but I can take further is that the reason she doesn't want to tell me is she doesn't want to scare me off because she really likes me there's this idea that jokes contain a kernel of the truth right me kind of teasing about the reason why she doesn't want to you know say these things to me is because she's worried about you know make like making me lose my traction for her that's a great topic to bring up because again if she's walking at eggsl around me who has value in the interaction Notice the subtle implications right Again it's mandowoman over and over again but it's mando womanman with the idea that she's impressing me or trying to impress me rather than the other way around。

Okay like I felt very， very lonely。It was very liberating， and I a thought I have the same。

I like experience。This felt very we she talking about being under the beach， feeling comfortable。

 etc。 and she said I don't want to be half naked I may as well just be naked。

 etc right So this is all positive。 this is all good stuff。 Now most guys。

 especially when you look at how much in this interaction。

 I've made it mando woman or I've been very obvious about it I've been very manda woman。

 I haven't been obvious about the individual things but there's been a lot of instances this is an extremely obvious when she's talking directly about nudity directly about being naked。

 this is the one most guys say oh this is my opportunity to make it manda woman and this is actually a bad opportunity because it is very obvious because it is very much about her physical body it's very naked and sexual are very close together So it's kind of funny that when there's this obvious one。

 this obvious kind of cheesy1 I actually sit back and just let her talk and I don't use this as an opportunity to make it mando woman and I have that luxury because I already have made it manda woman when a lot of other good opportunities went by So I didn't need to capitalize on this particular one that came up I'm able to avoid the obvious cheesy1 I'm able to avoid that oh hey I'm thinking of。

Ned one so this is kind of likes not like a booby trap it's not like she's like trying to trap you whatever but this is a mistake a lot of guys will make is they'll take the very obvious。

 very overtly sexual version of making a man to woman instead of the subtle kind of ont and teases which is what I've done earlier and again when this obvious one comes up what do I do I just sit and listen and engage and converse normally rather than being the cheesy guy who's trying to make it sexual。

weird so like that was part of it okay， you got to stop with these like imagining you with your clothes off like things that you're doing。

But I mean， I'm a shy innocent boy， we have to take it slow， okay？いやいやいやいや。😊。

Okay and then when I do make a comment， I don't make the comment of oh。

 you must have been hot naked or oh， etc。 I'm like you know you gotta stop with this thing about I'm trying to make me imagine you naked So again。

 when I do mention it eventually after listening and understanding the whole thing when I do make a mention of it it is in the negative as though she's trying to seduce me with it as opposed to oh my God that was so arousing oh my God that's so hot So again it's all about taking the natural thing and doing it in the more subtle way rather than the obvious way doing it in the way that's her chasing you her hitting on you rather than you hitting on her but at the same time I touched her on the form So there's a physical touch physical rapport physical touch physical coming closer。

 even though it's only like hand on the forum but across the table to what you can do while at the same time verbally pushing away So it's a combination push pull。

 there's always this tension there's always this tension of I like you but I'm trying not to or you had me but you lost me or I'm teasing but really we're good etc etc。

But see， I feel like that was all very plants the best literally a plant so anything think I've done that？

Yeah just turned this off。 I do that。 I killed it。No。Is the magic touch。

 see everything I touch dies or these touch comes to like it's a bad sign。

 dog dogs wouldn't like me I know I'm pure evil， I should just let you know that right up front。

What I do I just sit there and listen， she's talking about experiences she's teaching me things。

 I'm gonna sit there I'm gonna listen， I'm gonna be intrigued， etc。

 And then when there's an opportunity to kind of tease that you know I'm bad news I'm a little bit evil and trouble that kind of stuff it's great so it's like a false disqualifier I'm clearly like joking about the disqualifier and it's the type of thing that a guy wouldn't say if you was actually insecure the type of thing you would only say as a guy if you believe that clearly she does likely you and clearly she knows that it's not true but it looks as though it feels as though you're downplaying yourself you're trying not to impress her you're trying to push her away rather than trying to create rapport so just again this sort of like this idea of you're not pursuing her you're either drawing away or she's pursuing you but you are still bringing up all the topics you are still having a sexual conversation you are still focused on here you are still having touch you are still smiling all these positive things are happening but the framing around it is always that you are the hesitant。

One and is she's the one chasing。Anyway， plus whats something you've done that you're apparently。

Embarrassed。Finallyun， there's a lot of my crazy things I'm not so embarrassed though。から。

I don't know， so there's different kinds of crazy right there's like PG13 crazy and then there's like R rated x rated crazy。

Proably the crazies thing I ever did was actually PG13 though。

 which is Qui college one credit away from graduating。

Drive across the country with no idea and no plan。Live in a tent behind the CEO of some companies house to like learn his business here I had an opportunity to make it super sexual if I wanted to。

 but I didn't it was what's like the the craziest thing you've ever done or something like that was the question or craziest most spontaneous thing you've done which is analogous to a question that that that I asked her And what's my answer here here I went with actually just being interesting and conversational rather than being overtly sexual why because we're on this date。

 we're gonna have drinks we're gonna be there for a while。

 I don't want things to get super sexual right away。

 I don't need to force it by any means And so what did I did。

 I I actually kind of pushed pulled the sexuality in a way I said， okay。

 so there's different kinds of sex or spontaneous， as' Pg13， you know， Rd adult， etc cea。

 et ce And then I said probably the most spontaneous thing I did actually was a bit more Pg13 and then I told was just a good story and not a very sexual one So what did I actually do。

 I mentioned the idea that I'm aware that I could have said something sexual。

I mentioned the idea that maybe there is some sexual stuff I hinted at it。

 but instead of actually saying it， what it is， I said actually。

 but I'm going to say the non sexualual version， and this is good for a couple reasons。

 one is's not push towards sex， the other one is this。

If you're ever trying to impress a girl with how outlandish you can be sexually。

 that's a very dangerous position to be in because either it's gonna be boring and not impressive or it's gonna actually be outlandish and it may free her out and it may make her be like oh shit I don't know about if I want to get into a sexual situation with this guy and so it's an area where having having it implied that you are a sexual guy and that you've had sexual adventures or sexual sexy things happening in your life is good overtly stating it is probably bad because the actual truth will never live up to the fantasy and may if it did actually live up to the fantasy or it was more extreme than the fantasy may actually be scary so it's a lot better to hint at it and imply it rather than to actually say it and that's what I'm doing here is that I'm hinting at and implying it and then I'm taking the opportunity to say a very normal thing but this still makes me look high value and interesting instead。

You might find out a few more of my secrets than I intended by the time I'm done with this thing。这。告。

あ7。Something about being the cleverest person in the room。And then， like。携带了还肉们。

The time you just have to come up with ideas otherwise。Okay。

 so we cut out obviously a bunch of me just listening to her talk about our job and I'm not listening to talk about our job isnt gossiping about the people in her office because that would be boring and I wouldn't want that。

 but she's just talking about like what she likes about her job。

 what she doesn't like how she got into it， that kind of stuff normal stuff that you're gonna do on a date and it's all positive it all builds connection but you know obviously it's very biographical and it's kind of boring so we cut that out but then what happens。

They deliver the drinks， she mentions that my drinks you know very big and so now again back to flirting back to the mandain like oh shit。

 know you might find out a few more things about me than I intended after I drink this thing right so again。

 implying that we're gonna have a future， implying that we're gonna keep hanging out for a while and implying that she's getting me drunk and I'm opening up to her all kinds of things like that and again bringing back that idea of manda woman because we just talked about a topic that's important to her and build connection but it's not particularly flirtatious idea how like utterly adorable you are because you're clearly smart but you're also like in a way it's like this like very like little girl thing that's like it's like hard to take you seriously but like very very heart touching。

🎼。I can't tell， I'm not sure that's helpful。It's just an assessment don' know。I mean like Gr said。

 I'm very amused by you and I very much enjoy talking to you。

 so that's a compliment very amused by you。🎼Yeah。It's hard to take you seriously。No， no， no。

 not all the time， just you have moments。So that's a lot of me starting to qualify。

 It's a lot of me starting to say why she's winning me over why she's not just a girl that， you know。

 I like physically but a girl I'm actually enjoying。

 this is a huge part of things going well I actually I respect you because you are clearly a smart person and you're clearly like okay。

 so smart is huge for me Origal is also huge for me and you're definitely an original person。

Like you're not a clone of something that your're like parents or teachers just told you to believe when you were five。

 which is high you major。Then you're a very evolved club The part of me that's like ambitious and successful and really like believes in myself was nurtured at that age。

 but then the part of me that like developed my social personality was like from 18 on know。36。

I don't want to make football， but I'll go let the hook And that's good because that that's something that comes up a lot is that a girl asking her age thing。

 This girl's clearly younger than me。 she's not super younger than me。

 like she's in her 2s I'm like she's like early to mid-20s I'm in my like mid-30s at this time at the time of shooting this So I'm build older in her but not so much that it's a big deal。

 But what do I do how old am I say how do you think it's like a guessing。

 but then I don't make her keep guessing a lot of guys messed that up。

 I just know after she guesses once I look I give her the answer and I get on with it。

 And especially we're already in the interaction for a long time。

 she already clearly likes me we've been sitting on an in for a while。

 I don't need to prove something I don't need to turn this question into a shit test。

 So I can be a little playful with it。 But for the most part I just want to answer it and get on with it I think a lot of guys make this question a lot more of a big deal than it is and they overcomplicate it massively So I wanted to include this and just how I handle that question because that is an issue for a lot of guys do you about significant scars。

那自ご那喂。Yeah， yeah， I know it's I mean， not like anything that like you notice from a distance or whatever。

 like I have that。🎼O啊。Hows that knife fight my cat scratch my so it's actually like。なる。

No it's actually it's like kind of like a heart at least for me so my cat was she was like she was like injured。

 she hurt her shoulder。 Yeah and so we had to keep her inside she's like an outdoor cat like she loved to like go hunt birds and that's how that's how she whatever that was her of thing She had to keep her indoors and she like crazy Like imagine like like putting someone in a room with padded walls in a stray jacket that's what like can do my cat indoors was like so she's crazy。

U and every time we'd like open the door， she'd like try and run out it and then we had to like close it with eventually one day she was still injured。

 she got out in the backyard， I had to go go out and go grab her and whatnot。I went out。

 picked up as tenderly as I could， brought her into the front door and as soon as she saw the door open and knew were taking her back inside she like panics and scratched me because she didn't want to be like。

You know， she's going insane。🎼But the worst thing was I didn't even know like I didn't even know this happened at the time because when she flew out of my arms。

 she went left arm down first and like that was her shoulder and I was just like I was just like feeling like the crunching of her shoulder as like was like I didn't even know until like 1520 minutes later I was bleeding through my shirt I didn't even know was more concerned with how'd you get it first that joke about it knife fight and then like what the fuck I'm like no I'm kidding And then it's this touching story about my cat right so what is this convey one I'm willing to fuck around I'm willing to like lie a little bit and be playful I'm not just all serious but then two I tell this story well and I tell the story in a very heartf way I tell the story in a way that says like I'm capable of caring deeply about this creature I'm capable of caring deeply about this cat etc ce。

 And then also like you know I got this obviously permanent scar and like didn't even notice it because you know I guess I'm tough and manly I guess but no more because I was caught up in caring about this person I'd take care of。

ying that you know if you are in that because I've been very much you know kind of dismissive kind of aloof。

 etc。 But if you are in that realm of people that I care about， you will be well cared for。

 I have this capacity to love out capacity to care for someone I have this capacity even for tough love So it's a great story Overall it's a silly stories like me and my cat right but it' it's well told conveys good positive qualities about me。

 it conveys humanity but also high value。 So this is an example of a story that you know if it did come up it's a good one to tell that little thing there。

I got that trying to impress the girl in high school。So it's a dumb high school game。

Like the dumb us nicely and so basically the way it works， I have a quarter， you have a quarter。

 I'm rubbing it on your hand， you're rubbing on my hands， whoever Christ's uncle first loses。🎼谢谢。

Yeah， terrible game。The girl there's a girl I liked and she was watching。

 so I couldn't lose so I have a scar。Oh impressive。他不这个。That doesn't work like that。

highigh school we thought it worked like that but it doesn't work like that in real world。

Not the worst， I'll try and think what else I guess kind of。おささい。

🎼I've lived the life So second scar story is also interesting as a story It's a little bit brief。

 Again， it has positive and negative things about me So at this point in the interaction I feel like my value is already quite a bit there I've already mentioned you know girls girls liking me and stuff like that and she she has this impression I think that girls like me and I've done well with girls So I don't need to play up that source of values that's why I can get away with telling the story and it's kind of a silly story know me like trying to impress a girl etc and so it is silly but I convey some good things around it one it was a physical test a competition and I won the competition So that's always good at shows competence it shows determination the fact that I was like look this girl that I was liking was watching so I couldn't cry uncle so that's positive as far as it goes and then I ended off by saying you know it doesn't work like that that's how like high school me thought it work but in the real world I know better So I'm kind of showing how silly and pathetic I was but at the same time I'm coming back it around it acknowledging that I do understand women now and that I do have experience with women that I think that's silly now right。

So it kind of acknowledges that I'm past that and that's not the way I view the world。

 That's not the way I walk the world now。 So overall it's good it's heartfelt。

 It shows a little bit of like cheesiness， but it's a cheesiness that again。

 it's associated with a me that was more like around 20 years ago at that point and something that I clearly gotten over and the fact that I find the story I'mmusing and the fact that I find it laughable。

 actually says positive things about even though the story itself is quote unquote vulner。

 So it's like a little like opening up vulnerability， but not low value vulnerability。

 And at the same time there's some positive traits i。e。

 winning at competitions having determination etc。 So again。

 a story that conveys some decent things and it's also relatively well told I' not saying that's the best story ever told the most engaging。

 but it's decent enough that if a girl's asking a question like do you have any permanent scars if a girl's asking actually clearly cares enough to hear the answer。

 I'm kind of tempted to take on an adventure。等装 that面啊，等装 the面。Most of that means like。I've。

Been flying in Tennessee。I if you wants to， you can go to Miami and MIA and just take the next flight to wherever。

I have done that though not done that， but I've gone like I've blown to the extreme is stupid。I mean。

 I would at least do like some Skype calls or something with them first， but yeah， just flat out。

That's strong。That's strongly spontaneous， I'll give you that。we've built some comfort。

 we've flirted for a long time， we've been hanging out the interaction's been good for quite a while。

 there's no reason why we shouldn't continue it， no reason we shouldn't go home so this is me starting the process of pulling very important of transitioning into now I'm gonna mention things about us hanging out later us going somewhere so I say I'm kind of tempted to take you on an adventure that's me framing I'd like to take you home or we should go somewhere else after this but I'm fming it very lightly and in a general sense to gauge her reaction and see how on it is。

I'm going to be little for it because as a said I'm going to be little for it because I find you。

Engaging and music， like this is one of the most。Random。

 yet fun conversation I'm had in quite a while。I would love to。Hang out a bit further some。

don't really care where if you want to go bake and hang out well that's cool， I'd be amazing。

 I would love to learn， but I could also we can also just go somewhere。

 chill and whatever I don't really care， but yeah。Okay so that's a pretty straightforward。

 just flat out。 Let's hang out some more kind of a thing Oftentimes I'm a lot more subtle about it oftentimes I'll frame it a lot more or lead up to it a lot more but in this case。

 look we've been hang out for quite a period of time she's really opened up to me she's basically told me her life story over a lengthy period which you've heard parts of and then a lot of it's been left out for biography but it's been a lot of opening up it's been entirely positive there's not really been any negativity or any kind of pushback at all。

 I do give her a couple options I mentioned the idea of baking since that's something we're just talking about and baking is great if she says yes to it because baking means going to her place but I don't say I'd like to go back to your place I'd hang out and bake with you potentially if you'd like to teach me but then I also say or it doesn't have to be that it could be wherever you'd like to go she want to hang out somewhere so that gives the opportunity for her place because the opportunity for my place but also if she's not comfortable with that yet but just once to continue hang out we could go to another bar or go walk on the beach so it's very open- endeded but I'm giving the possibility。

The home run i。e。 going back to my place or her place。

 but also the possibility of her saying I want to keep this going but slow it down and for her to say flat out。

 I don't want to hang out with you anymore at this point would be weird given how well it's been going。

 So even if I don't get the yes to let's go to my place or your place I think I will get the yes let's go somewhere and have another drink or Let's continue this or whatever。

 I think it's a fairly safe ask even though it is fairly forward and direct and remember I did give both options I give the option of one thing that is much more binding another thing that's less binding but on the other hand one thing she's very into as opposed to a casual thing I'm trying to play the best of all possible worlds here and give myself the highest possible chance of hearing yes。

I would not make right now anyway， you have to get ingredients you have to go to the store and all that kinds stuff Okay。

 so we do we'll do my form of cooking which is ordering in and engage in。Yeah。

 let's get a bottle of wine that isn't too sweet for you， order in and then we can。

Explore doy things on the internet in a good way， yeah。So there basically she had an objection。

 but the objection wasn't to hang out with me。 it was just that she said she's too far away So she it's too big of a drive。

 it would be too big commitment plus for baking， she doesn't have ingredients。

 etc So bakings off but she didn't object to hanging out。

 So I said my form of baking which is ordering in which is kind of a joke to gauge reaction And since she seems receptive to that then I just say this whole thing about grabbing wine watching dumb dorky things on the internet。

 it's basically Netflix and chill and drink So it's basically a pretty likely scenario for things to happen of a date big point that I want to make here is as I'm saying these things。

 even though they're very forward and a bit suggestive。

 I'm able to watch her face engage her reaction So if I started to say one of these things and she seems like cringe or not be receptive to it。

 I would back off if I'm saying this thing and she's smiling and nodding and happy Well then I'm just gonna continue forward with it。

 So it's also a lot less risk than it seems because I'm not just saying it no matter what I'm calibrating what she's giving me as I say it to really。

Mtigate and make sure that I'm going to get the best possible outcome girl daddys girl that's like very girly daddys girl dads girl is's like very athletic daddy's girl。

 but I guess you were like not the non sports version。right I'll here Okay， so that's really good。

 So literally there's been no mention right it's very casual。

 I just it's just more of the same from before is obviously cut out for biography。

 but basically after us agreeing to hang out。 We just hung out。

 I listened to her flited a little bit。 Nothing really escalating。

 And then there I just took out my phone and I kind of figured out the location。

 I just informed like yeah getting Uber here a second。 So yeah but anyway。

 what were you saying that's it So we agreed logically And then I said， yeah， get an Uber。

 but yeah I think it's coming here， I'll just to check on the address when he gets here。 But anyway。

 what were you saying super casual super nonevent。 you want to make as little of a deal as possible。

 And since there's already this logical agreement to continue hanging out。

 that's what we did just kept listening， the check listening， paid the check kept listening。

 the Uber， that's it very， very simple， very straightforward。 not making a big deal of it。 over。

 What kind of you like。last week of million grade。Tba。And so that's good。

 she says like you can't stay long， she to get up early， that's pretty typical， pretty normal。

 whether or not it's true it's's just her kind of softening the go home and make it not as big of a deal。

 totally fine I wouldn't read too much into it。And so。

 I trust you to keep the conversation interesting one way or another， you seem like good people also。

 by the way。It' feel really kind of far away so haven done that be like hair in your face at various times。

谢行。He you used to？Reassuring her that one way or another it'll be a comfortable experience when we go hang out and then the hair on the face thing is a little calibration to see how good she is with like intimacy and touch and like you know preing it what that it's a little little physical tester but not a big deal mainly what I'm doing here is I'm just like running out the clock and making it。

Just as comfortable as possible and just fun normal conversation until the Uber gets there。

 my whole goal is just get in the Uber。 And then whatever work I'm gonna do。

 we'll do on the follow up。 I'm not gonna try and like seduce her across the table。

 When we're about to be sitting in the backseat of a car together and then about to be getting a bottle of wine together and are about to be sitting on a couch watching like not Netflix。

 but YouTube and Internet memes and stuff like that together。 So you know，s it's about to get better。

 All I have to do is get get it there。 It's the same as kind of the lesson I mentioned in week1 when walking across the street to get to sit down。

 You don't want to mess it up from a winning position。那す。See， I look at the other way。

 I think I'm too ambitious， I'm too lazy not to be ambitious。🎼Becauseuse if I'm not ambitious。

 I have to keep working and working and working right Where if I'm ambitious。

 I can like retire and like that's another great little conveyance of self she's saying like too lazy to be ambitious I'm too lazy not to be ambitious because if I'm not ambitious。

 I have to keep working。 Where if I'm ambitious， I can retire So it's a nice little reframe。

 but it's conveying a lot of values， conveying some high value traits of ambition。

 but not in this like kind of type A stick up the ass kind。

 So it's another really good little nugget of personal narrative just to throw in there at the end。

 again， at this point， I'm pretty much just like playing out the string until the Uber。

 but I still do want to keep enhancing the narrative and still do want to keep you know framing myself in the best possible way as I go。

ll figure it out I come on the right way。😊，我も。🎼本觉。Let'll see， one silver and Nisan ultimate。我才不啊，是。

I'll kick you out， we don't know about it。so again。

 so again I'm including her in the process of getting the Uber just letting her know what's happening right and then she asks what time it is and she says she can't stay super long and so say don't worry I'll kick you out early don't worry about it but again。

 making it not a big deal the whole thing is just to get to the next step once you get there good things can happen I meany first of all I just met you Second of all。

 as intriguing as you are you know I don't want us to wait you know rush to。我想。All right。

 so there again， like I don't wants to rush into things she like she agrees。

 I'm like okay thank you that's a relief et， we're joking around。

 but at the same time I'm putting out the objections first I'm relieving it and making it less of a burden now I'm going just get to basically you know talk to the uber we're gonna to get in and off we go in just a sec。

Are you pulling up across oh is that you Okay， perfect， all that works。🎼W one with。🎼，🎼哇。Hes much。

Hello and away we go so quick recap of this entire situation right， a couple big lessons。

 number one note how I tell my personal narrative note note how I express myself。

 note how I tell my stories note that I'm conveying positive traits throughout them。

 but at no point am I bragging if anything I'm downplaying constantly。

Also note that I'm showing a lot of premise at the start， not quite as much at the end。

 although I sometimes we will have more at the end。

 it gets to be a lot more get to know you a lot more of listening to this girl and letting her talk that has to do with the continuation moving from premise into evaluation and narrative phases but it also has to do with this girl's blueprint has to do with the fact that this girl is someone who has a lot of ideas to express and I can just let her talk and just like flirtatiously jump in every so on and largely her carry the conversation。

 that's a normal progression that will happen sometimes but do note that there was a lot of preacy stuff at the start However it was all framed as her chasing me me being the high value of me being selective it's all there but it's all very subtle and what this leads to is a narrative of me not pushing me not hitting on me not chasing her if anything her chasing me and that's why I'm able to when I go ahead and close be so direct and over I'm not usually even that direct and over but I could just tell in this case that narrative was in place she liked me。

likeked what we seemed like to each other whenever I mentioned that we had a good interaction together or I mentioned that like you know she was she was like vigorously nodding as I agree I'm with you there so I knew the narrative was good and that made the clothes much。

 much much easier and this is the difference between like an advanced close versus an intermediate or beginner clothes where the intermediate beginner would be begging and pleading and trying to make it happen I mentioned it one time she says yes and then we just basically by our time to get the check and get the Uber so hopefully you learned a lot from that and hopefully enjoyed it。

