# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：3.开场白：4.推拉打开（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

So we've just discussed the pros of a direct opener and the pros of an indirect opener。

 So now I want to talk to you about one of my absolute favorite forms of openers。

 And this is an opener that gives you all the best of both worlds。

 It gives you the best of the direct opener。 And at the same time。

 the best or a lot of the best of the indirect opener。 And this is what I call the push pull opener。

 This is an opener where you're going to on the open have simultaneously or one right after the other。

 a positive emotional spike and a negative emotional spike。

 Okay so example of this might maybe a girl does something like a little bit weird and you notice like。

 oh my God， I can't believe you just did I either love you or I hate you。

 I can't decide something like that。 I love you or I hate you。 I can't decide is the push pull。

 And we're gonna talk actually， when we talk about attraction tactics next week。

 we're gonna talk a ton about push pulls and things like that。

 And I'm going to give you some formats for creating push pulls on the spot and that kind of stuff。

 So we're gonna get way more in depth。 push pulls are a huge。

 huge part of game and a massively good tactic。 But the idea of it is。😊。

You're able to make it man to woman。 But at the same time。

 you're not giving your power away because there's that sort of indecision。 Another thing that I I I。

 I will class as a push pull opener in a way is what I call like the semi direct opener or the the sort of like it's。

It's like vaguely direct， vaguely indirect。 So that'd be something like your trouble as an open。

 right， your trouble， because is your trouble a positive thing or a negative thing。

 like on on a very literal level， it sounds like a negative thing。

 Like being trouble sounds like dangerous， bad， whatever。 But that said， if someone is trouble。

 that's affording them a certain level of sort of like。Sexual respect。

 It's affording them some level of like ability to have influence on things， some level of power。

 You can't be trouble if you have no power。 you can't be trouble if you're not influential。

 you can't be trouble if you don't provoke emotions。

 And so it's an inherent push pull in the sense that it's it's giving the girl some level of like saying that she has some sexual effect。

 But at the same time， creating some level of tension。

 So that's like the word trouble is like a one word push pull in a sense。

But this idea of the push pull open or the idea of the positive and the negative right away is very。

 very powerful because again， it has that this is man to woman aspect that the direct opener has。

 which means that when it goes well， it moves the interaction far forward and can get really good。

 really fast results。On the other hand， because is that that negative spike。

 you're not giving your power away nearly as much。 And you're also not asking the girl for a decision。

 If you say you're cute， I want to meet you， you're basically putting all your cards on table and saying make a decision。

 If you're saying， I can't decide if I love you or hate you。 You haven't asked the go for anything。

 You're basically saying you're reserving judgment on her。

 So you get all that same leeway and all that same forward motion that you would with the direct open。

 but you keep your power， keep the textual attention and let let the girl reserve judgment for a while and get to know you and see the positive traits you're going to convey the same as the indirect open would。

 And this is why more so than the direct open Most of the time might go to opener is going to be of the category of one of the sort of push pull openers or one of the later forms of indirect opener。

 than I'm going to show you later。 But the push pull opener is absolutely one of my favorites。

 And what is it， It's a positive， emotional spike with a negative more spike。 And by the way。

 Any direct open。 can be turned into a push pull open by just an addition。Right， so if you said。

 like， wow， you're cute， but I'm not sure about you。

 You just turned a direct open into a push pull by adding something on the end of it。 right。

 you said， you know， I love that dress， but honestly， like。😊。

Damn you look like you might be low high maintenance， right。

 That one's actually a little bit insulting。 So I don't even know that's the best open。

 But the point is that you can turn what was a very positive into a push pull instantly at any time。

 but just adding a negative spike to it。 and that open probably would be fine。

 It's not like the best open I've ever come up with。 But generally。

 and we're gonna talk about this a lot in the course。 If you're following the right formats。

 even if the words don't come out perfect。 It's usually gonna be pretty damn good。 And that open。

 I would bet would work in practice。 If if you want a couple more examples of good push pull opens。

 another one you could do is say you catch a girl doing something And she notices and you open off that and you go。

 wow， I thought I loved you until you did that。 So I thought I loved you as the positive until you did that is the negative Another one that's actually pretty good that learned from a friend of mine is he'll say like I love that like 80s look you're doing it。

 I respect that you're really trying to bring it back。

 So what you basically saying is you commentcing positive positively on the look。

 but you're indicating that maybe she's not quite with the style。 She's not。😊，Right there。

 but in a positive way， so it's not offensive。 So it has that positive and negative spike right away right on the open。

 All right， so in general， this idea of the push pull open gives you a lot of the best of the direct open。

 a lot of the best of the indirect open as a beginner。

 if you wanted to start trying the push pull open instead the direct it would be fine。

 although for mastering your body language mastering your delivery， those kind of things。

 just starting with the direct open is probably a simpler thing to do and is probably going iron out a few more of the beginner sticking points right away。

 But going with the push pull open probably get you some results right away。

 So there's a bit of you could decide one way or the other。

 And regardless this is one of my absolute favorite types of opens and one of the ones that I use very often myself。

😊。