# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 2第二周（吸引）：1.吸引力基础：2.吸引的原因_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

In order to have a discussion of attraction tactics。

 it's first important to understand what creates attraction。

 Why does a woman become attracted to a man， and although it may seem like nebulous and crazy and random。

 there actually is a very firm and solid logic to it。

 and it's based in the science of evolutionary psychology。

 basically looking at how we as humans evolved and what would have made sense throughout all that period of evolution to get our genes into the next generation。

 the next generation， the next generation， the idea being that if you did things that were more likely to make you survive and have offspring。

 those offspring have populated the Earth' since。So in terms of that。

 we're looking not at the 21st century， you don't want to ask yourself what does it make sense for women to be attracted to today。

 You want to look at what it would have made sense for women to attracted to 10。

000 years ago or perhaps even more so you're looking at small societies where people know the same people for basically their whole lives where there's clear hierarchy。

 there's not like really like a middle class per se those types of environments and where the world is a lot more harsh and brutal where mortality is a real thing infant mortality and mortality at a young age。

 life expectancy very low definitely things like that。

 things like men having multiple wives or having the ability to have way more relative genetic impact one man to the next so nowadays it's pretty common that a lot of men have similar sized families and a few kids back then it would have been maybe the chief has you 50 or 100 children and the guy who has low status in the tribe has zero kids。

And maybe never has sex in his life。 So that's the environment we're talking about and what would have been attractive in those in those days。

 So there's a few different。Kind of elements to look at that would have been very， very attractive。

 First thing is in that environment， the tribe， your social circle。

 your social standing is everything。 If you were kicked out of the tribe， you're basically dead。

 right， You were basically just left to the wolves almost literally。So。

Your status in the tribe is huge。 And that's something that social status。

 which also goes to social proof。 How are people responding to you。 So in a small tribe。

 you would know someone's social status because you've known them their whole life and all the people。

 you know know them as well。 when you're meeting new people or when you're unclear as to someone's social status。

 what you do is you look for cues from other people。

 you look at how other people responding to them or other people showing respect for them are other people going along with them when they have suggestions Are other people make making fun of them or other people giving them shit。

 So you're gonna cue off of other people to tell how attractive someone is how powerful someone is etc。

 And in particular for women， they're queuing off of other women。 The idea being if you were a woman。

 you don't have a lot of information of a particular man if there are other women who are responding really well to him。

 you can probably take it as likely that he is attractive and likely that he is a good catch whereas if you see other women shunning him and not going to talk to him。

 you can be pretty sure that theres。Something off about him or something wrong with him in that environment。

 And you wouldn't want to associate with him。 So that's the idea of social proof。

 It's going to establish social status。 It's also going to establish sexual status and understand that women want to be with men that have the ability at least whether they're acting on it or not。

 at least the ability to attract other women and to potentially even attract multiple women。

 because again， we're talking an environment where if they had a son， who could have。

 you know hundreds of of offspring that's way better for them genetically than having a son who has zero offspring or one or two offspring So the idea being that if the father can do that through some combination of genetics and teaching。

 it's more likely the son will be able to do that as well。

 Okay so that's what we're looking for in terms of social proof。Now。

 social proof requires other people to be around。 So what about if you're meeting someone one on one and there is no one around。

 Well， there's a very interesting concept。 And this applies to this very day。

 walking straight up to a stranger， it's called implied social proof。

 The idea here is that any action you're going to take is reflecting the life you've had up to this point。

 So if you are， for example， very confident。That implies a lot of things about you。

 It implies that when throughout your life， you've acted confidently。

 people have accepted that and tolerated that and treated you socially well because of it。

 It also implies some level of competence that when you've been confident and LED things have gone your way。

 And that way you've managed to retain that level of confidence and become and stay sure of yourself。

 All right， So confidence。Is a form of implied social proof。

 Not only does it show some level of competence and be able to handle yourself in the world。

 which is also already genetically a positive trait。

 It implies that other people have treated you well。

 which is an extremely genetically positive trait。 So that's one。

 Next one would be abundance or nonneiness。 If you seem like you're clinging to a social relationship。

 You seem like you're clinging to a girl。 you need her。 you can't do without her。

 while that may be sweet and romantic and maybe even charming in a kind of pathetic way。

 it's not very attractive。 because if you're too attached to one girl。

 it implies you probably can't get other girls。 The guys who can get a lot of girls don't tend to get super attached to any one girl。

😊，So neediness tends to be a huge， huge， huge turnoff， whereas abundance or conveyance of abundance。

 meaning the idea that you have a lot of female options。

 a lot of girls into you is a very positive trait。 Now on a one on one basis。

 if you seem to be willing to walk away if you seem to be as quick to invest in the relationship。

 those kind of things， that tends to convey abundance。

 if you tend to know call the girl every two days if you tend to like ask her permission。

 ask her like ask her for her acceptance on everything。

 or if you tend to agree with her all the time， that tends to show neediness。

 which tends to be a turnoff right so being willing to take a stand， being willing to walk away。

 being willing to potentially offend not getting to invest too fast。

 are all good signs of non-neediness， non-needinginess， sorry， which is again implied social proof。

Final one I want to go into here。 There are some other ones。

 but these are some of the big ones is sexual competence and flirting competence。

 So if you were a virgin， if you've never had sex in your life。

 you're probably not going to be very confident with a woman in bed。

 you're probably not going be very confident touching a woman。

 you're probably not going be very confident kissing a woman being those things。

 being confident at all those things， implies that you've been with women in the past。

 and that you've been well received by women， even if you haven't had a lot of sex in the past。

 you've had those opportunities in the past， So you're not as worried about messing it up So being confident about it。

 also being good at it implies you've had practice right and so that's true for sex。

 but way before sex， there's sort of like the foreplay of sex。

 which is flirting knowing how to bring up sex in a lighthearted manner。

 knowing how to make getting intimate fun rather than boring a monotonous these sex are things。

 this idea of flirting is such a critical part of implied social proof if you know how to flirt if you're willing to flirt。

Confidence that says so many positive things about you and that is why flirting is such a cornerstone of being an attractive man right it goes right back to that implied social proof。

ACole other things that are very， very useful in terms of that evolutionary environment and in terms of developing attraction。

 commitment and consistency， commitment consistency。

 this is actually more of a social thing than an evolutionary one。

 although it does come from evolution， commitment consistency is the idea that when you've done one particular behavior。

You kind of have to identify yourself as the type of person who does that behavior。

 otherwise you'll go insane right so you have a particular self-per。

 you have a perception of yourself that does， you know certain things。

 maybe you go to the gym regularly， maybe you show up at time for work。

 maybe you feel like you have a sense of integrity， you don't steal， hopefully don't kill people。

 things like that。 Those are particular things about your identity。

If you were to suddenly do things that are out of character， like， for example， if you were to。

 maybe you're someone who's been responsible your whole life。

 and then all of a sudden you start showing up late at work again and again and again。 Now。

 I don't know what the first cause for that is， but let's just say you did it Now at that point。

 you have this self-perception of someone who shows up on time for work and you have this behavior of someone who isn't showing up on time for work。

 and there's a conflict And so you need to either adjust the behavior or you need to rationalize somehow why it is that not showing up on time was okay。

 So maybe you rationalize your boss as an idiot or maybe you rationalize。

 you don't like that job anyway， or maybe you rationalize you have other passions。

 or maybe you rationalize。 nobody's really watching。

 So your performance is not being tracked whatever you come up with some kind of a rationalization。

 some kind of a reason why。Let's take this to the case of men and women。

Usually when a woman likes a man， she goes out of a way to be near him。

 Usually when a woman likes a man， she goes out of way her way for his attention。

 Usually when a woman likes a man， she tends to agree with him more。 Those types of things。

 So usually when a woman likes a man， she finds herself thinking about him more。

 So these are all signs of attraction。 Now， let's reverse it。

 let's say you started doing these behaviors。 let's say as a woman。

 you start agreeing with a man more。Well， you might backwards rationalize it then because it's out of character to agree with a man you don't like。

 You might start backwards rationalizing that you like him。

 Let's say you start like let's say you start spending more time thinking about a guy and getting like a little bit more emotionally reactive to what he says。

 Well， if that's happening， you might have to backwards rationalize that maybe you like that guy。

 So it's a very interesting phenomenon commitment and consistency that if you can create a dynamic。

 create an interaction， a relationship where the girl is acting around you the way that you would。

 or the way way that she would， if you were attracted to you。

 she will actually backwards rationalized that she is attracted to you Similarlyly。

 if you're acting around a girl a way that you would。

 if she was attracted to you and you kind of knew it and were confident about it。

 that actually may manifest itself within the relationship as well。

 So if you create a relationship that is similar to attraction。

 the relationship that two people who are already attracted or having。

 that actually can lead to creating the very attraction that you are representing。

 So that's a very interesting。Concept called commitment and consistency。

 final one I'm gonna get into today is frame control and frame control basically is the idea that you're controlling the meaning of the events in the conversation。

 right， So let's just take， for example， man walks up to a woman。

 There's different ways that could be seen。 One way that could be seen is pathetic， needy guy。

 walks up to a girl hoping she'll tolerate him。😊，Another one could be fun social guy。

 sees a girl and wants to find out if he actually likes her and she actually meets his standards。

 Those are two very different frames， two very different ways of looking at the same fact。

 which is man walking up to woman。 And so within your interactions。

 you're gonna have a lot of different situations where if it's framed one way it's very positive for you if it's framed in another way it's very negative for you。

 That's a topic we're actually going discuss in depthth in a later week。

 but I do want to discuss frame control this weekend next as it relates to a thing called shit tests。

 tests will get into exactly what they are， but basically it's a test of what is the frame in play。

 It's a test of is the frame one where the woman has high value when you're chasing her or is it one where you have high value or non-ney and she might be chasing you。

 So we'll get into that more when we talk about shit tests。

 but just to recap what is it that creates attraction。 Well。

 we have evolutionary psychology in general。 What would have made you attractive in that evolutionary environment。

 And that comes down to social proof is a big one。 implied social proof is a big one commitment consistency is useful and frame。

Control is really， really big。 That's not a totally exhaustive list。

 but those are the major concepts， the major themes that we're going to run into over and over again when it comes to developing attraction。

