# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：03.言语游戏基础：2.言语游戏的好处_ev【课程更新加微信kc58567】

So I want to talk to you briefly about some of the practical benefits of having a verbal style of game。

 a style of game where it's okay to have some canned lines is's okay to have some canned formats at your disposal。

 First thing is very simple。 One of the biggest fears that guys have one of the biggest problems they have in game is running out of things to say Well。

 if you have a few lines in your back pocket。 if you have a few formats in your back pocket。

 you're going to have something to say that eliminates one of the biggest fears you have maybe that helps you get overproach anxiety。

 maybe it helps you get through some difficult situations。

 maybe it just gives you a little more confidence in your game in general。

 but that's one major benefit is just have something at all to say in a situation where you run out of things to say。

😊，Beyond that， because these verbal game ideas were designed with some intelligence and with an idea of philosophy and an idea。

 a plan behind them， they're going to be purposeful things to say。

 so not only are they going to be something we can to say as filler in the conversation to be something to say that will move the conversation forward and in the direction you want it to you're not going to have these aimless conversations to nowhere。

 you're going to have conversations that go in the direction that you actually want them to conversations that are purposeful and productive and achieving the ends that you actually desire。

Beyond that， your conversations are going to actually be better。

Conversation gets better with practice。 There is a reason why stand-up comedians practice the same essential jokes over and over and over again until they get them right。

 There is a reason why salespeople have scripts and like know structures and plans for how they go up about making a sale。

 It's because things get better with practice。 If you tell a story。

 more times it gets better and better than more times you tell it。 If you tell a joke。

 more times you get better with your delivery。 you go through a sales pitch more times you get more adept with using that sales pitch。

 It's the same thing in game。 Now you don't want to be so formulaic that you never vary。

 you never alter and you don't have any flexibility。 but having a plan you can fall back on。

 having a script you can fall back on having a line or routine or a format， you can fall back on。

 will be on average better， more charismatic， more effective communication。

 than if you're just winging it and making it up on the spot。Next major reason。

Is state quote unquote。 So a lot of guys are decent game when they're in an amazing mood。

 They're decent game when they feel like they're on top of the world and they're very confident。

 but you take them when they're stressed out when they just came off a long day of work。

 when they just got rejected。 and all of a sudden they can't game。 Well， if game is a skill set。

 if game is down to certain particular skills that you can practice and improve upon Well。

 then you're going to be able to manage to still have that skill set in place。

 even when you're not feeling your best kind of similar to whatever job you do。

 you've probably done it a lot and you're good at it。

 you probably do it better than a random person off the streetwood。

 even if they're in a good mood and very focused and you're not。

 because you have competence and skill in that arena So developing game as a skill is very nice because it means you can game out of state。

 And then finally， you can also if it's competence and skillbased。

 you can learn it in a measurable way。 you can tell if you're getting better this week。😊。

Last week you can tell if the thing you're doing actually improved your game or made your game worse and that way you can implement things that are working and get rid of things that aren't by having a structure。

 you will not be lost and you will not be on this like random path of not knowing if you're getting better。

 not knowing what the next step is etc when you break game down to a science。

 not only does it get better， it gets phenomenally easier to learn so these are some of the elements by no means all of them but some of the key elements。

 some of the simple reasons why a verbal game style tends to be very。

 very effective and tends to be not only effective for implementation but also effective for learning。

