# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 6第六周（叙事）：1 - 叙事：16 - 基线作为叙事# 你的性爱故事_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next elements of your baseline conversation that very clearly affects your narrative is your sexual story。

 not just your story， but obviously your sexual story。

 This is going to affect obviously how you're perceived in general。

 but very clearly also how you perceive relationships and how a relationship with you is likely to be for the girl。

 So very clearly it is tied to the narrative of we as opposed to just the narrative of you。

 And here you know you have the opportunity to tell the sexual narrative you want this girls never met you before。

 And so whenever talking about past relationships， you can couch them in a way like you've had many or few。

 and that's going to make a difference。 You can couch it in a way that you're friends with your exes or in a way that you're not。

 and they're positive and negative of both different ways of handling。

 I tend to personally err on the side of that your positive and friendly with your ex'es。

 and there is no bitterness or resentment or negativity there。 But there are some downsides of this。

 I think on that is probably the better way to go in most cases。

 but not always So all of these things are going to factor in however。

You are conveying your sexual experience if a girl flat up asks you how many partners have you had all of this is going to make a big difference and you want to think about how you answer now again I'm not gonna say to lie。

 I don't want you to like be lying about how many girls you slept with or lie and say that you're on good terms with an X who like you know you have a restraining order against or some weird shit like that be honest but you certainly get to choose the facts and you get to choose the way that you convey those facts as opposed to just disclosing everything or discsing disclosing things in a negative light or in a highly controversial light etc。

So give some thought to this。 Think about it and think about how the girl is actually perceiving you。

 If she already perceives you as super playerarish。

 And then she asks how many girls you're slept with。

 you might not want to be like500 that might not be the best move in that context。 in that context。

 you probably don't want to lie。 You probably don't want to say zero unless you can say that jokingly and then you know oh I'm actually a virgin。

 she clearly knows your case no， really。 And then you give her an answer。 That's fine。

 But you don't want to be like saying like2 when it's clearly in the hundreds。

 Like that' that's not gonna be believable。 it's not gonna be congruent。 and also like again。

 internally， I've talked about this。 The fact that you feel the need to lie is gonna negative for your own self-estteem。

 but you also might not just blithely be like 500。 It like honestly。

 like I haven't really counted for a long time。😊，It ceased to be important to me after about。

 I don't know， I knew how many up until like maybe， I don't know 12 or 15 and then after that。

 like I really， I really couldn't tell you beyond that。

 something like that might be a reasonable answer in that context。

 which isn't saying you haven't slept with a decent amount of girls。

 but it's not throwing some like crazy number that's going to like just shock her， etc ceter。

 So there are ways to convey these things that are going to be one narrative or another。 Or。

 for example， let's say you've had sex with very few girls instead of like。

Instead of saying it in this way that makes you look like you couldn't have。

 maybe you can say like that you were very selective or that you're in a very traditional family or like。

 you know， you lived with your parents until college and so you're like just like mortified by the idea of bringing a girl back home because your mother is so awkward there's different narratives potentially around those kind of things and so。

Pick and choose， be smart about it， but understand anytime you're talking about sexy relationships。

 you are going to be influencing how the girl views a future relationship with you might play out and so be conscious of what you are conveying。

