# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：1 - 什么是蓝图_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Blueprint， which is this week's theme， is one of the key elements that absolutely sets advanced guys apart from everybody else。

 being able to adjust to the girl in front of you and what she's giving you and who she is as a person as opposed to just gaming as an algorithm。

 just blindly doing the same thing over and over again or having a s is a huge thing that sets advanced guys apart and this is not simple or trivial。

 there are a lot of ways to go wrong with it。 And in fact， if you try and overdo it。

 you might end up doing worse game。 But if you can get this right。

 your results are absolutely gonna skyrocket。 We introduce this concept in week 6。

 you may have some idea of it。 but this week we're gonna to go crazy in depthep on it。

 So I'm about to crack into that， but I want to give you one kind of idea or metaphor for understanding all of this。

 and this is an idea from poker which is blueprint is like reading the players at the table。

 It's like learning how the player plays and therefore you can play against them because in poker。

 if you play mathematically correct。 if you play good cards。

You kind of play you know tactically right you might win a little bit。

 but if you want to be a big winner， it's about understanding the players at the table it's the same thing it's about understanding the girl across from you the conversation so you can make massively good plays as opposed to just tiny little high percentage plays that hopefully get you a result so when you keep that idea in mind that there's such a thing as correct play in general and then there's correct play for this girl and correct play for this girl is going to get you far。

 far further。