# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 1第一周（接近焦虑）：3.开场白：8.意见打开（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

For the final opener today， we're going to talk about kind of an old school opener that people really either love or hate。

 and that is the opinion opener。 A lot of people like the opinion opener because it allows them to get into a conversation with kind of an excuse。

 get into a conversation without conveying a lot of mandawo and still be interesting and still hold a conversation。

And ironically， that's one of the worst ways to use an opinion opener。 because when you do that。

 you oftentimes end up in the half hour conversation in nowhere。

 you end up on the opinion opener for way too long。

 This was this opener was pretty much like all the rage in the years between like 2002 to about 2005 roughly。

 And a lot of people were doing it。 And what I would see from students over and over again when they did the opinion opener。

 was they'd start with asking a random opinion about a topic。 And I'd look over at their interaction。

 It look like it's going really well。 The girls participating there participating They were there're both talking。

 I'd go back over 20 minutes later， and they're still talking about the same topic they were opening on。

 which is awful， especially because that topic usually wasn't particularly sexual。

 and it certainly wasn't about them and the girl together in any way。

 So it was a good opener for getting into sustained conversations。

 but not the greatest opener for making a man to woman， at least when done that way。 However。

 the opinion opener when done right， can get you into amandawo conversation and can be really powerful。

 It's also。OneOf the absolute best ways to engage groups。

 It's one of the best ways to hold attention in a group environment。 And the reason for that is that。

With a good opinion opener in a sense， you're putting on a show and you're putting on a good show。

 So you are， you are becoming an entertainer in a sense。 And that's both good and bad。

 But for holding a group's attention， it is definitely good。 Now。

 the downsides of the opinion opener。 One， like I said。

 is getting into that half hour our conversation to No or half our conversation just on the opinion。

 which just eventually runs out or into the friend zone。The other issues are a lot of them。

 maybe personal ones， guys that did the opinion opener and became too reliant on it。

 used as a crutch， never learned how to open other ways。

 never learned how to do game other ways and so it becomes a situation where you run out of things to say when you're done with your opener。

 the other thing from an emotional level is a lot of people would become reliant on the opinion opener and attribute whatever success they had to the openers and the lines rather than to themselves and so they never developed core confidence。

So these are all issues with it。 If you do an opinion opener。 here's what you need to understand。

 Number one， the opinion opener is not what you're trying to talk about。 First of all。

 an opinion opener is not really asking an opinion，' it's a false opinion opener。

 fake opinion opener， you're asking the opinion as an inroad or a way to get into telling a story or having a perspective and opinion。

 General， questions， even opinion questions are valuetaking。

 But having opinions and stories are value offering。

 and stories and storytelling is one of the most effective types of communication in game because it's one of the only things you can do that offers value and comfort at the same time。

 So when you tell a story you're offering your opinions， your perspectives， your ideas。

 and that conveys value， especially if the ideas are high value ideas。At the same time。

 the fact that you are opening up， giving your perspectives。

 letting someone get to know you breathe familiarity。

 lets you spend time with someone that all builds comfort。 Also， in terms of value。

 the fact that you are holding court and the kind of leader and linchpin of the conversation is a very valuable thing。

 Like being able to take social energy and work with it is very valuable now。

If you do the opinion opener， it is absolutely imperative。

 If you want to have good results with a particular girl in the interaction。

 rather than just engaging thegroup in general， it's very imperative that you do something very early on that starts amanda woman communication。

 So you want to actually interrupt yourself or interrupt to the opinion or story that you're telling with little bits that are teases or push pulls or that convey some sort of premise in some way。

Without that， you are very much going to end up in the half of our conversation and nowhere。

The other issue that people would have with the opinion opener is that a lot of people felt it was incongruence。

 A lot of people would feel that when they do an opinion opener。

 they're not being themselves or not conveying the real personality。 They're being fake。

 They're even lying to girls。 those kinds of things。 easiest solution to that。

 if you want to do the opinion opener is to create your own。

 It's to come up with opinions that you inherently like， as opposed to stealing someone else's。

 right， So for example， back in the day， There were a lot of opinion openers that were based on like like spells or magic。

 And the reason for that was one of the initiators of the opinion opener was a magician。

 And so a lot of people would go in and they do all these like。😊。

Openers about spells and magic and the occult。 Meanwhile。

 they're like button up like Brooks brothers wearing guys with like 9 to 5 office jobs。

 And it was completely incongruent。 was completely out of character。

 And they felt like they weren't being themselves。 Cause guess what they weren't。😊。

Those very same people， though， had they had their own opinions and stories and ideas and come with opinion openers that lead to those could do the opinion opener。

 just fine。 By the way， one side note， the opinion opener almost can be treated the same as a story opener。

 just going in and telling a story almost serves the same function。

 So if you guys were were to go in and say， hey， did you said。

 do you see that that crazy thing outside。 Oh check this out and then tell a story。

 You're essentially doing the same format as an opinion open。

 because an opinion opener would be like， hey， what's your opinion on this。

 the reason I ask is I saw this thing outside。 And now you're into the same story。 So essentially。

 an opinion opener is telling a story opener。 The opinion just is a softer landing and gives an excuse for the story。

 It also is a little bit engaging and kind of like。

 it has kind of an open loop or sort of an intriguing aspect to it。

 and it gets buy in in the sense that you're getting hopefully some feedback in some opinion before the story。

 So it's a little more interactive。 But the main purpose of the opinion openers to tell a story。

If you are going to do an opinionup but if you we're gonna to use it again。

 I mentioned have your own story， have your own idea。 And that's the place to start。

 Don't start with the question。 Start with the story。 What is a story you want to tell。

 what is a story that's interesting best types of stories to tell。 And by the way。

 this advice is not just for opinion up but advice is for engaging content at any point in the interaction。

 So I'll throw that out there。 But the best stuff is stuff that is intriguing to girls in general So anything relating to social dynamics is actually really interesting to girls。

 things relating to relationships tend to be really interesting to girls。

 if you're curious what's interesting to girls， go look at some girls magazines go look at maybe like cosmopolitan stuff like that and see what kind of articles girls are reading and then you can choose those kind of topics。

 But if you have stories along along the lines of relationships along the lines of know gossip be social dynamic type stuff。

 Those kind of things are really， really good And then once you have a good story that hopefully is a interesting and hopefully intriguing。

to girls， but B， you can tell it in a way that conveys you as a high value guy rather than a low value guy。

 Once you have that， then you just need to come up with a question that's vaguely related to the story and they use that as excuse for the story。

 So that's how you come up with an opinion opener。 And again， the story should be related to you。

Very important with the opinion opener， though。All openers are just way into the conversation。

If you get too attached to， I'm going to tell my story no matter what you're gonna to open very badly。

 And this is another one of the cardinal sins that guys made when they were using opinion openers back in the day is they would tell their entire 10 minute long story。

 no matter what that is stupid。 If you start into like a long story and the girls are being bored。

 you don't continue with that story， you interrupt yourself and get on another topic。

 If you start with that 10 minute story and the girls get really intrigued and liking you in general。

 aside from the story， drop the story and interact with the girls in front of。

 you get off the opener， get past the opener。 So you need to have some flexibility and understand that regardless of if your opinion opener is good。

 And if it generally gets good reactions， it's still just an opener。

 and it's still a means to an end。 that means sorry。

 that end is engaging with the girl flirting with the girl getting to know the girl on a one to one basis。

 As soon as you open an opportunity for that， drop the opener and do that instead。

The other cardinal sin of the opinion opener， which can kind of be corrected with doing the opinion opener structured well。

 but it comes up anyway， is having a one topic conversation。

 And this is something you want to avoid on openers in general。

 You're going to have kind of multiple threads open because if you have one topic going on only when you reach the end of that topic。

 the conversation is dead。 However， if during the telling of your opinion opener story during that one topic。

 you branch off and bring up another topic and another topic and another topic by the time you end that topic。

 you're not out of things to say you actually have 10 different things to talk about。

 And so that's gonna help you want to branch off and have multiple threads during the other thing other final cardinal sin of the opinion opener that you want to avoid is you need to continue getting feedback just because you're telling a story and holding court does not mean you're monoloing at people。

 then you truly are becoming an entertainer and not a conversationist。

 And then you're gonna to end up with if you ever end up doing an opinion opener at the end people go thank you。

 that was really entertaining and then walk away， that means you did it really。

That means you didn't engage and you weren't a conversation list。

 you were just an entertainer you were just essentially a dancing monkey。

So you want to really avoid that as well。 You need to get input。 You need to be teasing。

 having some back and forth， even asking some questions during whatever story you're telling。

 So the opinion opener is a really useful way to open， and particularly to open groups。

 But it can be a crutch in the sense that it's almost too good。

 It's almost like if you have a written comedy act It's going to be engaging。

 But just the fact that it's engaging isn't necessarily good game。 And if you become reliant on it。

 especially if you were to use the opinion opener as your're only opener as a beginner。

 you're gonna stunt your growth and stunt a lot of the other lessons you need to learn in game。

 My recommendation is not to use the opinion opener at all until you can get some success without it。

 Once youve learned to get success without it。 and you've learned the fundamentals of game and you know what goes where and can execute you know。

 on the spot and can execute in situations then you'll be able to take the situation。

 the opinion open is going to put you in and adapt them and use them use them well。 Without that。

 you're going to probably become a dancing monkey， you're probably going get into。😊。

our conversation in nowhere， you're probably going to use as a correction and you're probably going to run out of things to say afterwards。

 But if you're good at game already， the opinion over can be very useful。

 especially with certain types of groups that will be very difficult to open without it。

Hard to open group sets that require like a lot of engagements are very difficult with standard opens。

 but actually pretty easy with an opinion opener。 So it is an incredibly powerful opener in that sense。

 The other thing the opinion opener is great for is there is an idea in group clear it's called active disinterest。

 That idea is where you're going to be engaging the entire group very positively。

 but teasing the girl that you're interested in specifically。 in order to do that。 your content。

It doesn't absolutely need to be engaging， But the more engaging it is。

 the more entertaining it is the better。 It's really helpful。 And so for that reason and to that end。

 having conversation that you've practiced before that you can rely on to be engaging。

 And you can focus on the flirting dynamic， rather than focusing on the contact and the flirting dynamic can be really really useful。

 So in difficult approaches， especially difficult group approaches maybe in difficult。

 like mix set guy and girl group approaches， having something can。

 having something to go with as an opinion opener or a story based opener can be very effective。

 but it's a very dangerous road to go down as a beginner。 And even as an advanced guy。

 either a lot of pitfalls。 So it's one of the most powerful types of openers as a standard opener。

 if done well， but。Very few people have learned to do it well。

 even in the times when it was the standard go to opener。

 I would say about 95% or more of the people doing it did it very。

 very badly and actually sted the game with it。 The 5% that did it or 3% or whatever it was that did it really well。

 though， did get incredible result with it。 So it is a good style。

 It's just a bit of a difficult style to implement。

 especially if you start doing it too soon in your learning progression。

