# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：07.关键技术主题：1.基准线 VS. 情节线【课程更新加微信kc58567】

When I think about my own game or when I'm teaching students game。

 every bit of advice I give falls into one of two categories。

 at least one of two categories of communication， one is baseline， the other is plotline。

 and I'm going to define those for you very quickly。Baseline is basically just normal conversation。

 It's standard conversation you could have with a guy you could have with a stranger who could have a just interesting good conversation period。

 It's not necessarily sexual， It's not meant to arouse emotions。

 it' not meant to escalate it is filler， ideally， it's good filler， but it is it is filler。

 right plot line is the stuff that gives emotional spikes， The stuff that leads to venue changes。

 the stuff that creates escalation。 It's the actual doing game part of game。However。

 you need both right， most guys when they come in a game have all plot sorry。

 all baseline and no plot line。 They end up in the boring half hour conversation and nowhere。

 They end up not stimulating the girl， boring the girl。

 not making sense of the sexual object or sexual prospect。 Then guys learn game。

 And they learn that these gamey things， get a reaction。 I can do this and make the girl giggle。

 I can do this and and get the girl aroused。 And then what they end up doing oftentimes。

 go way too far that way。 And they just do plot plot plot plot plot line plot line。

 And they literally fry the girls sorry， metaphorically fry the girl circuits the girls are like the fuck。

 this is too weird。 And even if the guy ends up getting a phone number the afterwards like was weird。

 I never want to talk to him again because it wasn't grounded in any kind of reality。

 there wasn't any kind of normality about it And that's actually what happened a lot in the canned game era would have so much plot line and no baseline。

 the girls would be like mesmerized and then never return a text or never return a call。 All right。

 So you need both。 if you have all baseline and。Ploot line， you're very boring。

 you have all plot line and no baseline you are fucking weird。

 What you want to have is a little bit of both So in general， you do a bit of plot line， you know。

 be a little manda woman， be a little gamey and then ideally prior to the moment where she's starting to feel weird about it prior to the moment where it's getting to like over the top or Bazaarro。

😡，You back off and you have a little bit of baseline， you have a little normal conversation。

 get to know you connect a little bit， and then once she's relaxed and chilled and it's a pleasant experience for everybody you can go back to a little bit of plotline。

With more connection， more comfort， more normality around it。

 And so it's this we call it fractionating going back and forth between baseline and plot line baseline and plotline。

 when I'm in an interaction， I'm aware of what the interaction needs。

 I'm aware if you need plot line， which I'll sometimes call pressure on or baseline pressure off pressure on pressure off baseline plot line。

 do you need to be pushing things forward and make it more gamey and engaging or do you need to be backing it off and make it more normal。

 eventually at an advanced level。 you will actually start to develop value in your baseline as well。

 And that's something I want to achieve in this course。 I want to teach you how your baseline。

 the choices of your general conversation or going to start conveying you as a high value guy are going to start setting up frames that get the girl chasing you that start setting up frames where you're gonna be non-ney and conveying positive attributes about yourself。

 So that's the truly advanced level。 So at a basic level， Under baseline and plot。

 understand that you need a bit of both and try and understand in。😊。

game are you doing way too much of one or way too much of the other because you're you're probably doing way too much of one or the other almost everybody is imbalanced。

 almost everybody I see is doing way too much plotline or way too much baseline or just excluding the other one almost completely。

But at an advanced level， I want you to actually start considering your baseline important It no longer is just filler。

 It's your method for conveying your personality。 and in fact， with the highest value of girls。

 if you can get a lot of value from your baseline， it gives you the privilege。

 the ability to do fewer gaming moves， meaning the game looks and feels a lot less like game。

 meaning that it more just happens， meaning that it's a lot more subtle。

 which is a key to very good game。 So what you need to do in a way is you need to learn how to use plotline as necessary。

 and then once you're really good at it， you'll still need to use it some。

 but you're gonna to tone it back and get a lot of value from your baseline in the long run as well。

