# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 4第四周（框架）：1.框架控制：14.社交认证（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Okay so far when we talked theory， we talked about authority and social pressure。

 when we talked toolkit， we talked about authority and social pressure。

 I'm going to just talk one more time about it in a game specificific way because the social environment in which you game makes a huge difference you having the girl like you is only a tiny piece of the battle It's very important that you have her friends and social circle like you as well how they are perceiving you is going to be to your advantage in a lot of ways or to your disadvantage depending。

So if you have not engaged with her friends at all and you're just some guy that they don't know at all。

 they're probably going to take the default assumption that you're some lame guy and they're gonna probably drag her away。

 If you've been overtly rude to them， they're definitely going to take that assumption and they're gonna drag her away so her friends not winning them over。

 can be an immediate failure points for an interaction。 However， good game actually goes further。

 it wins her friends over to the point that they're actually actively telling her how cool you are。

 they're actually maybe even actively like kind of selling her to you like how cool she is and how much it would be good for you to to like her be with her。

 have her be your girlfriend etc。 so you can actually get the social pressure of her friends in your favor。

 you can get them basically convincing her for you what a good idea you are if you are friendly and positive and actually take them to account and treat them as human beings as opposed to treating them as obstacles。

So that's one area where social pressure and having the authority in terms of the group will be very helpful to you。

 Another area， which is really helpful， is actually your friends。

 There are a lot of things that your friends can say about you that you can't say about yourself。

 if you brag about yourself， you're try hard。 and that's lame and that's coming from a very very bad frame。

 If your friends brag about you though， that's actually much better because they don't have an agenda。

 they're not trying to have sex with her So then in that case。

 when a friend says something about you， it's treated much more valid or much more as real than if you had said the same thing yourself。

 and particularly if you're with a wingman， maybe you and your friend are talking to two girls。

 Oftentimes it's a decent idea to actually switch places at some point in the interaction。

 you talk to his girl， he talks to your girl。 and you can say a lot of positive things about him。

 he couldn't say about himself。 and vice versa， you're also gonna to build a lot of trust with the friends that you're a cool guy and that her friend is in good hands with you。

 So using your friends as a communication conduit or communication tool as opposed to just yourself can be a much more effect。

way to communicate， much more persuasive way to communicate than just communicating yourself。

 And this goes much， much， much further when your friends are female for whatever reason。

 girls trust another female， much， much more than they trust a guy。

 Even if they don't know that female， even if that female is your friend。

 So if you have your guy friend say something about you。

 that's a little bit better than you saying about yourself。

 If you have your female friends say something about you。

 that is miles and miles and miles better than you saying about yourself。 for a couple reasons， one。

 you have a female friend who will vouch for you， which is massive social proof。 but two。

 for whatever reason， girls really， really trust the word of other girls and social situations。

 a lot more than they trust the word of guys。 So these are definitely enhancements you can have to the way that you communicate。

 that's going to make your message come across a lot clearer， a lot more strongly。

 and it's going to have a lot more impact in any situation。

