# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：05.言语之外：3.非言语游戏【课程更新加微信kc58567】

A lot of what you're going to conveying in game is not only not your words and also not your tonality。

 It's through your body。 And no， I'm not talking about body language。 Yes。

 body language is important。 standinging up straight to appear more confident matters。 right。

 Having a nice smile on your face， looking relaxed， escalating in a smooth way。

 All of those things do matter。 However， what I'm talking about is what I call nonverbal verbal game。

😊，I'm talking about body gestures， physical things you do that convey a specific message。

 like they almost may as well be words。 What's an example of this。

 So let's say that like you're considering a proposal。

 someone just like issued a sales proposition to you。 Instead of saying I'll take it or deal。

 You just put out your hand for a handshake。 That is nonverbal verbal game。

 That is saying the discrete message。 Yes， I'll take it。 Yes， we have a deal。 right。

 There's a specific communication there。 Here's another example of nonverbal verbal game。

It means something very specific， right， It's not a generalized gesture。

 It has a very specific meaning。 It means the same thing pretty much as if you said fuck you。

 and it be it can be meant harshly or playfully， similarly to saying fuck you verbally can be。

 but it is a non-verbal way， a wink can be that in some cases。

 a high five can be that there are a lot of these nonverbal verbalbal gestures。😡。

And there's a phrasing game that says， don't say when you can nod， don't nod。 we can wink。

 Don't wink what you can smile。 right， Basically， the idea is if you can convey the same message with less by putting less effort in by using fewer words。

 it's usually more powerful。 So be aware of these nonverbal verbal game gestures。

 Be aware of the times you can use them， be aware of the times that instead of saying。

 I disapprovve without that。 you just be like。😊，And do it with a facial expression。

 It's much more powerful。 It's much mores， it's just it's stronger。 And at the same time， less needy。

 less reactive， et cetera。 So it's just good on so many different levels。 Be aware of these。

 these areas。 Be aware of these things。 I'll try and point them out throughout the course as well when I will do these kind of things。

 Also watch in my delivery。 Watch when you can see my face in the infield。

 Watch when I deliver things on camera， Those type of things。

 Watch the nonverbal verbal game that's going on。😊。

