# 09、托德 《言语游戏》：13.One to eight weeks（1-8周）：Week 8第八周（蓝图）：1 蓝图：10 - 舒适度蓝图_（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The next critical factor you should look at when determining a girl's blueprint is comfort similar to value。

 it's that value comfort ratio， which really matters right so the ratio is absolutely key。

 but beyond that， what things build comfort for the girl Some girls will get comfort from the same thing that gives another girl discomfort Some girls get comfortable when you hug or cuddle with them Other girls get uncomfortable when you touch them at all and they feel like that's a sexual advance and is too intimate and so for one girl。

 hugging could be a way of building comfort for another girl hugging is a way of escalating and make her less comfortable。

 make her more uncomfortable。Some girls may feel very comfortable sitting around and just talking with you。

 whereas other girls may be very nervous in that situation and they'd rather be doing an activity with you while you talk to them and that will be building more comfort with them。

Some girls will be very comfortable if you are shy and have not had a lot of girlfriends。

 Some girls will be uncomfortable if you haven't had a lot of girlfriends。

 they'll feel like you're inexperienced or awkward or like they must be losing in some way so every girl is going to have her own unique conception of what is comfortable for her and what's uncomfortable for and again that'll come down to other factors as well like social and cultural factors which we'll talk about later on but regardless of what factors contributing to it her idea of comfort。

 what makes her comfortable and how much comfort she needs is a critical element in determining her blueprint so again if I were to ask you like say for example。

 you're in a perfect world right you're doing approaches and I'm there sitting on your shoulder telling you what to do one of the questions I'd be whispering your areas。

 how much comfort does this girl need and what makes this girl comfortable you should be able to answer those questions about the girls you're talking to。

