# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：02第二周 任务1：02. Week 2 - Mission 1【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

What up， It's Owen。 And this is gonna be your mission video this week for the Ha at home。

 And I actually want to start off just by thanking you for getting involved in the Ha at home。

 And I want to tell you a little bit about why I think you made a great decision to do this because I think this goes a lot deeper than just the content or the different techniques that we're gonna talk about。

 I think this is actually a really big commitment。 So we're going to discuss our mission。

 But then I also want to talk to you about why this was a good choice。 And。😊。

You know what I think is going to be really amazing about this because I'm actually incredibly excited about this。

 I've never done this before and I'm super pumped。As you're aware。

 a lot of people watch my videos and videos in general online。

About dating advice or self-development or different types of self-imp。

 And if you really think about it， how many people are actually taking action on this I mean。

 really stop and think about this is kind of crazy isn't it like right now as a part of Hoi to home you have access to our tribe and you're seeing the Facebook group with people that have signed up for Hai to home and you're seeing the quality of that Facebook group like actually go look at the Facebook group and look at how everybody's just taking actions。

 I haven't seen any type of bullshit on it or you people wanting about trivial things or wasting time。

 basically what I see in the Facebook group that we have is people who value their time。

 people who want to improve people who are positive and that has' has been amazing I'm just looking at it and it's like I can't fucking believe it Meanwhile if you look at general forms。

 even the RsC form， the general one， you see a lot of people that are not truly committed maybe that are still struggling with trivial topics that are rattling around their brain that they can't get over things like that。

So really what you've done here is joined this tribe and also I hope that you've been using the app on your phone because I think that's been pretty dope so if you're not using it get on it。

 I'm going to load it right now Telegram and as you can see there's tons of people posting on the telegram group like literally I'm just like responding to posts all the time so it says here。

So guy just had a victory， any tips on celebration， I'm going to put。

 what do you say is a good tip on celebration， I'm going to say。嗯。What's a great way to celebrate？

I just like to chill and soak it in， I just like to chill and soak it in。

Maybe go out to eat by myself I love to do that in the morning actually after I pull a girl。

 so just responding to that it's kind of cool interacting。It's cool， right。

 It's like live fulltime tribe。 like you got me on text here。 You got the Facebook group。

 And soon what we're gonna be doing is actually video conferences。

 So video conferences are also going to be coming up very soon。

 And I'm gonna be actually just like sitting on my phone talking to you right live。

 And I'm planning a big meetup this year。 So essentially， with the Haid has been。😊，For you。

 what is meant and what is going to mean over the coming weeks while we do this together is a lot more than just some content。

 like another video to watch and forget， like even though this is my best content。

 it's my premium content that Ive spent years developing like the best stuff I have at the same time。

😡，Who gives a shit， It's really about the tribe Okay so take part in this and do the missions Okay。

 so you know I've kind of mentioned here why the tribe is important because it's basically a supportive environment is fucking just fun。

 it's just fun to be like you know kicking it with everybody on text and participating on Facebook and getting involved in the phone conferences that we're gonna be doing video conferences。

 but more than that。😡，With the mission aspect of it。The reason why we do it is because frankly。

 people just don't fucking learn unless they make an effort to do so。

 they just don't fucking learn okay， what I see is a lot of people watch videos and come up to me in the streets all the time。

Some's crying， their hands are shaking， they're freaking out。

 they're saying how much I've changed their lives。 and girls go by。 and I'm like， dude。

 let's go talk to these girls together and they're like， oh like that I'm like， dude。

 how did I change your life， if we can't even go talk to these girls right now， right， Well。

 you gave me inspiration。 Look， inspiration's cool。 It's important。

 but you know what else is important resultsult like actually changing your life So。

The reason why we're doing this okay， the reason why we did Hoey at home essentially was to be part of a tribe and to do these missions and this is so important because really the hot seat typically has always been done live and we've always done the hot seat live up until this hotse at home because when you're there live we do the craziest interactive exercise so you see now the interactive exercises video right it's pretty intense and it's getting even more intense the time goes on like probably by next the hotse live will be even completely different from the one that you saw in the video and really our goal of Hose Lives to push you to your absolute edge you make it more more intense every time I do it like every time I do another hotsi live I try to make it craz and crazier。

I do that because just having a guy sitting in a room if I got you sitting in the room just watching pickups that I do。

It's cool， but there's got to be an action component。 Okay。

 it's called the law of action or the law of use。 You've got to put stuff into use。 Otherwise。

 you know， I can remember back when I was in grade school， for example。

 I would take math class and the teacher would be like breaking down you know polynomial factoring and trinomial factoring up on the board。

 and I couldn't do it。 I couldn understand how they're doing it， but I couldn't do it so。😊，You know。

 a lot of people will say watch pickup videos somebody of me meeting girls and they're like， oh。

 that makes sense。 I see how that works。 Okay， well， let's go do it。

 let's go get you an awesome girlfriend， let's go get your life partner， let's me get you laid。

Can we do that And if you can't do it， then it doesn't matter what you understand that I did on the fucking board。

 So this is why we do missions okay， this is why we're gonna to be doing missions over the next several weeks So what we've created here is not just you know the premium content for you to watch which is I mean your brain should be fucking melting as you watch it。

😡，But it's not just that it's actually the group having access to me on your phone。

 access to your tribe on your phone。The Facebook group getting involved。

 getting on the video conferences with me and doing these missions， okay。

 so we've got to actually chunk this in。😡，Youve got to make a real commitment to changing because this is your decision。

 it's your decision。To make this one of the most transformative experience of your life。

 So over the next 12 weeks， I expect that you will be completely different by the end of it。

 I'm gonna want to hear success stories， so I'm going to be invested in you into making this fucking amazing。

 but you also have to be invested in yourself because fundamentally it's like you know you can lead a horse to water but you' got to drink so I'm going show you where the water's at but you've got to fucking drink you got long you've got to actually do it so that's where we start right now and we're gonna to talk about your first mission So here's what it is okay。

😡，Bar none， we all know this。 What are the major problems that guys have with meeting women。

 There's probably the two main ones。 One is called approach anxiety。 know， like you just， you know。

 you see some beautiful girl。 she's walking past here and instead of talking to her like you want to。

 you look at her ass as she walks off in the sunset right This is like they've done YouTube videos of this where like a girl with like you a slender physique will like walk around the camera on her ass and all these dudes were like just like looking back nobody actually ever soft her to talk。

Girls are frustrated with this too because they're like， man， I doed myself up。 I look nice。

 Why isn't anybody stopping to talk to me or why isn it know the few guys that do try to talk to me like yo you don't get all this weird shit。

 but I can't like a cool， friendly， outgoing guy stop and talk to me。 Well。

 what I found is that 99% of people that ever do so with RC are amazing guys。

 I very rarely seen a creepy guy in RsD。 when I see an amazing fucking guys。

 I be you're a fucking awesome guy Probably a guy who if a girl actually met you。

 she'd be so appreciative。But is she getting that chance？Well， she's not。

 it's because you have a pro anxiety， you're too afraid to go up and that shouldn't be the case。

 we need to get rid of that， we need to make it where you're comfortable that if you see a girl who you'd like to go talk to you do it。

 but let's be honest。What is the number one reason that you have for approaching anxiety that almost everybody has is that you don't know what to say。

Let's be honest， that's what it is。 You don't know what the fuck you would say。You just don't know。

 So you got to ask yourself right now， why is it that you don't know what you'd say Well。

 what I think it is is social conditioning。 I think there werere condition that we can only speak about something in an exciting way if we think it has to be very exciting to speak in a way that's exciting right。

 It's like if you got abducted by an alien。 like I' got abducted by an alien right。

 you can talk exciting。But if you're like， I'm walking down the street， can' be like。

 I'm walking down the street， you see that？If you have the perfect exciting thing to say then you can say something exciting。

 but if you don't have something exciting to say， then you talk in a this is very boring and drab。

 So here's the secret that 99。9% of guys that have no idea about this and because I know this I can talk to girls as much as I want I can talk forevers it's the easiest thing in the world So like in the same way that you see me doing these like free tour videos that you might have seen where it's like I'm just talking and talking I mean。

 I don't know if you know this， but I typically have no preparation in my speeches that I do at free events I do prepare paid events paid event I have all structured out but in a free event。

😡，Those ones that you see online that I post for free， you ever wondered whys like RSD。

 they post so many free videos like they give away so much value for free。

 why am I able to do that because I can literally come up with a two hour talk off the dome okay like like a freestyle raper。

 bam off the dome。How am I able to do that Why is it that I'm able to come up with a two hour talk off the dome Why is it that if I see a girl that I want to go talk to。

 I could just keep talking and talking and most importantly。

 why is it that I have no approach anxiety since I know what I'm going to say well think of it this way first of all it starts approach anxiety。

I don't feel a lot of approach anxiety because I know what I'm going to say now。

 and this isn't prepared lines either。 I mean， I might have a couple jokes here or there that I've said before that I think are funny。

 Maybe I have some stories that I've told before that I think are funny。

 They may come up from time to time。But for the most part。

I don't have anxiety because I know that I can free associate and just improvise great conversation anytime that I want So what do you think that does for my confidence what do you think that does for my confidence if right now a girl walks by and I know I can just keep talking talking to put a huge smile on her face I've been never laughing I'm gonna to have her engage and knowing that I can do that。

What does that do for my confidence， How much does that eliminate my approaching anxiety Well。

 it's huge Okay， it's massive And that's why you've seen these videos of me online picking up different girls and're like。

 how' he have the balls to go do that， I have the balls to do that because I know I can walk up to a girl。

 I can just keep talking but it wasn't always that way for me Okay there was years where I was terrified to talk to girls。

 I didn't even know how to talk to another guy。 I didn't even know how to talk to a teacher。

 I could barely even talk to my own parents knowing how to have a proper conversation。

 I was terrified。 Social skills were the hardest thing I ever learned。

So because social skills were so difficult for me to learn， it took me so many decades。

Always looking for little nuances or tricks or ways of thinking about it that help me to communicate。

 and this is a huge one what we're gonna to teach right now and I'm going to teach it to you and we're go were gonna to do a mission on it now here it is right so we're gonna do now is demonstrate to you how the exercise works and what it is that you're gonna be doing for your mission this week All right now let's look at those two different things。

 first of all， authoritativeness that leading vibe and second of all the emotions I'm going separate them and then I'm going combine them and then I'm going give you your mission for this week you got to really work on this much like Mr。

 Miyagi and the karate kid wax on wax off heres you're gonna do so leader vibe cannot be faked so to speak I don' know let me think of a topic where I don't have a lot of authority let's say cooking I know very little about cooking So what I'm going to teach you how to do today is how to make an amazing pizza and what you've got to do is take some chocolate syrup and if you mix up that chocolate syrup with Anchovies the Anchovie with the chocolate syrup。

 it makes this kind of contrasting taste to it and believe me as soon as you put that。

Sa in your mouth with a chocolate sauce and antchovies and even some bits of tire。

 it can taste absolutely fucking amazing case it's like like that tire it gives it kind of a texture right。

 the tire texture and I know that if you put that pizza in the microwave。

That tire will melt into the pizza and it will absolutely fill your body with so much nutrition Okay。

 so does that make any sense at all， Of course not it's retarded right。

 but you can speak as a leader。Even on something you're not authority on now let's think about emotions。

 okay。Okay。This pizza is gonna taste so good。 You're gonna love it so much because that tire。

 It just right on the tongue。 Oh my God， right it tastes amazing。 And you know。

 I'm just so happy to be able to share this tire pizza with you。 I love the tire pizza。

 It tastes incredible。 And I know that when I have that tire pizza， it is so good tires。

 tires So what am I doing right I'm adding emotions you have the leadership thing and the emotional thing onto something I just made up。

 which is how to create a pizza out of chocolate sauce and tires in a microwave。

 So look what we've done here， we basically just disconnected the content from the emotional leadership side。

 Now， I'm not trying to get you in this frame of say fak or bullulshing around。 But at the same time。

 I do want you to understand that women are responding to that leadership vibe and the emotions。

 And essentially， look， if you see a girl who has say a great boob job， just incredible boob job。

 You're turned on right Do you really care It's a boob job or not， you're just turned on。Okay。

 so what I want to do is that while RSD does teach a huge full scope range of inner game。

I also want to teach you how to just walk up and talk and get and get attraction anyway。

 even if your inner gameless crap because what winds up happening is that it's this upward cycle。

 So in RC we we study a ton of inner game right like you know we learned that and say the exercise segment。

 I mean that was one of the most powerful inner game segments I've ever seen in my life but simultaneously now we're gonna to look at outer technique and I're even gonna play with that tonight Okay so let's think about this What I want you to do is to go out this week and I'd like you to approach let's not make this。

Easy， okay， let's make this ambitious。 I'd like to get you to approach。5 to 10 groups a day。

 And when you do this， I want you to go up and make up stories about things that you're not authoritative in and that are not that emotional。

 And I want you to make them sound fucking amazing and I want you to captate So your criteria for success this week is not to pick up a girl It's not to get a new girlfriend It's not to find a life partner not to get laid。

 can if it pans out。 will'll be stories where it does great， but your story your goal right now。

 really is much like Mr。 Miagga， the karate kid wax on， wax off。

 I want you to isolate this one thing so that you have it down。

 I want the next time that I see you in person。 you could walk up to me and talk to me about anything。

 And I'd be like， wow， you know anything。 okay I want you to have essentially the million dollar mouthpiece。

 So here's your mission for this week。 What you're gonna do is you're gonna walk out there。😡。

And you're gonna go approach people day or night， I don't even care if it's a guy。

 I don't care if it's a little old lady， but in general。

 I want you to learn how to speak with authority and I want you to learn how to speak with emotion。

 Okay， I want you to get emotion into it， try even just making yourself laugh like like literally just like like when you walk up。

 it's just like like you feel humor behind it。You just feel the humor in your own body and even as you're talking people are like and they don't even know why they're laughing okay。

 so I want you to practice this week and I want you to post about it in the group。

Let me know on Telegram。 let me know on Facebook and let's see how you're doing with this。

 Now what we want to do is give you feedback and we want you to give each other feedback。

 helpful feedback and move forward So anybody that's done this by the end of this week。

 you should absolutely know from testing it。 how to speak with authority。 how to speak with emotion。

 Okay， how to put that behind it and really you're gonna be incredibly captivating by the end of this。

 like I said， the reason that we made this tribe。 the reason that we made this group is so that we can support each other。

 so you have access to me other instructors and the other people doing this so now you're part of a movement。

 okay this isn't just you doing it home alone， just trying it out。

 You're part of a movement now and we're making commitment that by the end of these 12 weeks。

 you will have changed your entire life。 You're ready to get started All right。

 thank you for waiting for the mission。 We're gonna go do it starting。Now。

