# 10、泰勒 《热座》：04.成为大师：02.自由联想的艺术【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

It's someone from real social dynamics welcome to Washington DC and today we're going to be doing is going into one of the most indepth videos on frame control on getting other people to join into your reality and how you could dictate the reality that I've ever released this video is gonna be way outside the box so lay back and enjoy have an open mind and don' see on the other side。

🎼，What you'll find is like on this wall right here， there's these different rivets。

 you guys see the rivets in the wall and the rivets in the wall have a shadow right on it right there。

 it's like this shadow just says just like this shadow that you see right there and there's sort of a design on the wall that you can see it's this kind of interesting statue and you know maybe you think to yourself where does that statue come from。

 who made that like do you ever actually stop and think who made that little statue。

And what was he thinking by what process did that statue arrive there， You know。

 like you can think of your own life， How do you arrive here。

 Think of that statue and how how it arrived there， right， like a guy had to design it。

 He had to decide on like a little strange little shapes。The colorations of it have a look at it。

Then he had to sell it to somehow wind up at a myriott。Right a Marriott courtyard， you know。

 with a red floor， right， like you've got the statue and just this red floor just right here。

o my dad with blue tape。 You got see that you see the tape， right？What kind of tape is that there。

 Do you guys know that is that tape you can actually use to do a dark room on your on your window if you don't want to rip the walls off。

 like if you don't want to rip the paint off the walls， you know， because with。

 with thick black tape， if you pull it off， it's like。It just pulls right off。

 but with the blue tape， it just slides off， slides off， slides off， okay？It slides off。

You see that slides off。Slides off， right， It actually slides off slide slides like slides off。

 You see， don't know。 You see it， slides。😊，Youive me what does it do， slides， Okay。I slides off。

 right？Sliding， right， you see？You know， dude， you know what I'm saying right now。

 What is this lip movement that you're making？What I'm saying slide， what are you thinking？

When I say the word slide， what do you think？I like how your eyes are kind of just like this and you're kind of just like。

You came to the hot seat。What did you expect， So as I walk to you now。What is the word in my mind。

 What is the word in my mind right now， What is it？Why assume？Why assume assume are you shy？

Are you a little shy boy， high five？S kidding， hi by。Mas。Full it again， okay， come on。Me， you。

 him later。And my girlfriend。You shy still， there'll be at least one girl there， it's not gay。

Look I'm sliding here， I'm sliding over here， I'm sliding here。 watch me， hey， watch me， okay。

 the rivets， you guys remember the rivets， at that look at that wall right there with the sign。

What do you see when you see that， when you see that statue， whatever the fuck you call。

 what do you think when you see that？😡，What's in your mind when you see it think。Don't just gasp。

First thing in your head， first thing in your head， art， modern art。

What's the initials of modern art？A， what does that sound like？say with me， What is that rhyme with？

啊。Save with me and what does that rhyme with？Okay， now if you think of sliding， okay。

 when you think of sliding。😊，I like your smile， by the way。I could adopt you。😀Okay。

 I could adopt you， Okay， so I want you to think， I thought you lick your lips and I said。

 I'm going to adopt you。 were you thinking of the girl later or me or him。

 Who are you thinking of when you lick your lips， The girl， me or him， which one， the girl。

 So you want to fuck my girlfriend。Dude， I don't blame me I do too， but okay。那我な。

So you can see yourself sliding right now， right。😀Yeah。You can slide。Yes。S。😀Yeah。😊，Okay。

 now which are the words？Do you think of as you slide like Bach a， Ma， which a？Slaw ba， why。

The first thing headW， I don't know why。Yeahそ。Why？Okay。

 I want you to imagine that you're sliding down a hill right now。 And as you would slide down。

 how do you yell， Bob。 How do you yell， Show me。爸。Was that stifled， show me on stifled？

It was more unsciifled， but was it unsciifled？Unciifled is a yes or a no， it's not a percentage。

But am I enciled？맛！Show me who's more uncied？You know why。

Because I took I took shrooms on my way down here。Do you want some？You know。

 you guys came to the hot seat， you don't even need to be， or you just take shrooms。It's true。

 it's a buying temperature spike on yourself。嗯嗯错。I like how seriously you took that remark。

 you're like， yeah。没。You make very cute facial expressions。Okay。I see why I adopted you。I do。

I feel connection。Okay。It's tinling。Yeah。呵呵。😊，Yeah。Be ser。很难。Look， check it out。

 I brought a chocolatele bar。I'm a sucker for this fancy chocolate， What are you drinking？Yeah。

 want some chocolate。What' did your parents thought about taking chocolate from a stranger？Yeah。

Here I go， how's it taste。Was it worth all his torture for the cha？it's a orange chocolate like。

 He was on boot camp。 so he can have piece。Thank you， sir。Quite cocky。I learned from the bus。やや。

Thank you。😀Yeah。あはは。Drink it。Let it dribble down your chin。 Let it dribble down your chin。Show me。Oh。

好。高。いや。哎没さ出。😀Ill you after that， how could I not， Okay， so I don't。

 I don't know how much long you guys want me to continue this for him。😊，I'm not done。T나。

What kind of watch is that？No judgment， no judgment。Dude， so whack， oh my god。I' was just kidding。

 I think it's cool。工。How do you throw out？It wasn' uneasy， but now I'm like， let's see what happens。

凉。The shroom's kick。Yeah。C you resist the high， right and you resisted because the pink dragon talks you。

 how do you fear now， Are you ready for reality to be unveiled？え？哎。

What do you think will be unveiled？As we go further down deep into yourbb of this room。

' what are we going to know？What are we going to find out？嗯。More about ourselves。Deep real things。

Whoa， whoa， whoa。😀哈哈哈哈哈。😊，Okay， so。I'm happy to do this the entire night。It sure show a video。

 but I can do it all night。No there a lot of guys， okay？A lot of guys， I got to calm down。

I can do it forever right a lot of guys we struggle with what to say right and when you see me do that。

 is it a little weird how I can keep the energy kind of moving I can keep it kind of fun and I can hold the tension you see that？

It's kind of neat。嗯。Yeah。Com buckle all you guys sping a thing of chocolate。

So it's funny is like dudes like， they always want to know what to say， right？

A lot of it is energetic。So。That chocolate might melt。 And I've learned my lesson。

poopy looking chocolate。 Okay， so a lot of guys struggle what to say， but。If you can lock in。

In a free associ space。It empowers you to keep it going so you don't run out of what to say and you can hold the frame well because you get the girl in reaction to you。

 so as I'm talking to you like that you probably feel a little bit in reaction right you go into my frame。

 so I'm pulling you into my frame。So。I've been doing pickup for many years now。

 and I think we all struggle with what to say， running out of things to say or getting intimidated with the really hot girls。

 I think we all deal with that。And a way of getting around that。

I you've got to kind of get in the pocket of present energy。

 get present and a really big thing is you got to let it come to you now。

 when I say letting it come to you， you've got to let the game come to you So what I'm joking and now keep in mind。

 I'm doing this in front of a big group of people。😡，So there's two sides of that， one is you can say。

You know， we're here in a seminar that I'm running。

 So kind of gives me a false I't not a false but a circumstantial or situationally based boost of confidence。

 you guys fall that because everybody here is like they're coming to a seminar that I'm running So it's a little bit easier to do it here in a club where the girls don't give a shit about you but to be fair。

 in some ways it's harder because you know， you guys came here， I mean， frankly， if I you know。

 I mean， there's actually money on the line in theory right like you guys come to the seminar I just start ranting about some stupid shit。

You know， you could have hundreds of guys like， I want to refund。 So， in some ways its worse。

 So you know， where does that confidence come from to just free associate and to see if you could just free associate and let it flow。

 Well， to me， the way I think of it is you w to let it come to you Now， funny enough。

 if somebody who doesn't， if somebody whos never done cold approach pickup。

 Like never approach random girls。Particularly in bars and clubs， if they were to see。

 let's say I had a recording of let's say I put it out。They think what I'm doing is just， I mean。

 what do you think they would think， This is bullshit。

 They'd also probably think girls don't even respond to that， right。

 They think women wouldn't respond to that。 They're like， you know what， I've got a nice job。

 clean car。The ladies really dig it。Ladies， like a nice man。 dig it。 you know， right， Ands like， now。

 what have we learned from like， you know， years of clubbing and。Going out， basically， you know。

 while women may be a beacon of logical and reason in the daytime。好的。Perhaps， I mean。

 but we'll give it to him since we never see them then anyway。WeWe'll give them to him， But at night。

 when a girl's at a club and she's dancing with her friends and she's partying。

 she essentially has the attention span of an auntt。So， you know。

 and she's moving through emotions rapidly， right， And I mean， look， that's fair， right。

 Like I don't really， I mean， it that would sound like a dis， but like like， I mean。

 it would sound like it's like a dis， But why is that a dis， Like you' beautiful girl。

've got guys hitting on you all the time So you don' there's not really a scarcity of men hitting on you So you know。

 what do you do gonna do， You're gonna go with your friends， I was to see my girlfriend Like know。

 what would you recommend for extraction。 She's like， you know because her and her friends have。

 you know， been out clubbing for years， She's like， look， you know， get a stripperpo， a bull pit。

 a bunch like you know， some video games， proper food。You know。Puzzles， you know。

 just like She like that， right， Why， why would a girl like。

 why would a girl respond to it if you're like， you know。

 say you had a video of a bunch of other girls at your house。

And they're all like jumping in the ball pit and going wild on the stripper pole。

 playing video games。Just eating some food， looking all comfortable。 Why would girls go back to that。

 Why would they do that， just fun， right， So the girls like the emotion。 So like。

 what I'm doing that for sociativeness， My goal is to get you in my frame。

 get you kind of in reaction to me， get you stimulated， get you listening attentively to me。

 And if you think that is like like， if you think like， were you guys， as I was doing that。

 were you kind of like curious what I was gonna do， were you curious what I'd say next。😊，Yes， no。

 okay， thank you， I was like no， no shit。But a woman you can understand is even far more intrigued by that for a girl that's like really。

 really intriguing because they like the mystery of what's going to be said next。

 it's a little bit unpredictable， they enjoy being in like a cool guys frame and so on and so forth。

What you'll find is that。You could actually。You know you can really pull them in your frame and kind of make them feel stimulated and whatnot just by free associating。

 Now， the key to it， and this is really， really critical here is you've got to let the game come to you。

 So as I'm doing that。What will fuck me up is if I think ahead if I think ahead to the next line。

 I'm finished， I won't be able to do it， so you kind of hold your mind in a present space and then what you do is remember earlier when I was talking about the floor and the slide in the statue and the rivets in the wall Did guys did you guys happen to do the exercise earlier today with Luke where you do the thing where you talk about your drive here。

 but you make it interesting， you guys do that one okay so what I'm doing there is I'm talking about the rivets in the wall and I'm talking about the little statue and the floor and the slide and I'm going Adam and look how you can stretch out the slide。

😡，And then look at even the pause after you catch that。The slide。各程后续完整更新联系阿姆微信70075683。呵呵。😊，Okay。

 now you see how you want to do my eyebrows at you， what do you do back？

You start doing it back because you're my frame actually。Im in your head。Timeive in your head。Okay。

 so see what you see what's going on there， right， okay， you see it？

Now I'm not trying to do did you feel yourself resist the impulse of do it， You did didn't you。

 right because if I think you're going to laugh。明日してくれ。Yeah。I everyone。ok， so。Are you good。You see。

 right， see I can get you laughing， just staring at you。So there's only one or two explanations。

What is your in my frame， And I'm in your head。Which is why you're laughing right now。

The other is that you like man you want to suck my dick。はさ。One di yes。なはい。Your joke is funny。

I I like your joke。But it is in reaction。Cause I'm in your head。Don't laugh。Hold a straight in it。

See that。 you see， Okay， it's frame control。 right， It's just， it's basic frame control。

 what I'm doing。 It's I mean， like I said， I I have a situational advantage here that I wouldn't have in a club because we're we're in my seminar。

 You have seen my videos。 dude， if I had like some guy like you know， if I had Tony Robbins。

 I've been watching this stuff for years， like sitting with me like， you want to you're a gay guy。

 wants to fuck me。 I'd be like， whoa， you know， like。😀Maybe it's true。 awakeake the giant。 So。

 you know， I feel the same way。 I'm not I certainly am not claiming that if I was in the audience had someone whose seminar I attended。

 I wouldn't， you know， be in their frame。 I mean， that's actually a cool thing because you're learning from them。

 it's actually good to be in。 it's always like the stuck up guy who's like。

 I'm not gonna go at anyone's frame。 you're like， well you're gonna learn anything。 And they're like。

 no， So so it's good to be in someone's frame when you' when you're learning from them for sure。

 But what I'd say is like， you know， I'm trying to show it as best I can within this this classroom。

 So when I go into a bar， what I want to do is I want to be at the cause， not the effect。

 This is really massive。 okay。😊，I want to be at the cause and not the effect。

 So I want to be the one who is triggering。The different responses and reactions。

As opposed to the one who is at the effect。 So how many times have you guys been at a。

At a bar meeting women。 And you're probably doing two things I described here， One is。

You're consistently trying to logically come up with things to say， and you're coming up short。

You ever have that。 like say girls really attractive。 You're coming up short。

 I know I've certainly been there， and I certainly struggle with that at times now。

 it just happens sometimes， so you know， that's what makes the game fun is you're not always going get it you don't get it。

 you don't get every girl so it makes it exciting right because you got to try But the other thing about it is that。

A lot of time so you're logically thinking about it。And you're in the girl's frame。

 So when the girl reacts positively， you get excited。

 But when she reacts negatively or with indifference， it shuts you down in your。

 in your pickup because what's going on is she is。She's dictating your reality to you。

 So what I'm trying to show you here， I'm trying my best。

 I hope it's making sense is you get into kind of a free associative。Floate。

And then you get her in reaction。Okay， what am I doing now？I'm doing the unexpected。'm。

 I'm flowing with it。Right， so notice it， like， look it like a little gun hand。

 So I'm not gonna go when here， I'm not gonna go like that right away。 It's too predictable， right。

 I might play with it a bit。Go backwards。You all right。Right something you wont expect。

 and I do it within my frame。 So now when you do that， the girl is just like glue man。

 they're on it so now what happens is you can actually go into a venue and you can merge with different girls and you're chatting with one girl。

 you're chatting with another girl， you're merging different girls together。

 you're getting them reacting to you and the girls are all giggling and they're trying to get your attention they're trying to play with you and then now you can get to the point where in the same way that I get you laughing they're in your frame now you can lean and you can kiss them。

And you can get them kissing each other because you you know。

 or you could pull them and have sex with them because they're in your frame they want they're trying to get your validation。

 You're triggering them to chase your approval and validation because you're at the cause。

 not the effect。 So that's how high levels of game is done so to speak。 is that， you know。

 this is why we encourage things like abundance or you're dating a few different women because it's a little bit harder to do this。

When you're not getting sex right like when you haven't had sex in a long time and you're talking to some like really attractive woman and you're trying to be at the cause。

 not the effect， and then she reacts well to some joke that you made or something you said there's a biological impulse It's like I'm hungry go on right。

 like she's reacting well shit right and you know because you're。

I'm not sure what you guys thought that in， but okay so。I just meant like shit，'。

 I don't know if you she's actually she's taking a shit。 I don't know。 That's what you thought， so。

So what's going on here is like you want to be thinking。I'm in the cause。 And she's at the effect。

 And when you do that， that gives an increased likelihood， never for sure。

 But it's an increased likelihood that she'll kind of follow in your frame。

 She thinks you're very funny， very confident， very different。 And you don't。

 you don't have to go over the top of it， you actually can oscillate speaking normally and rationally and then you can bring it right back。

 So because otherwise， if you just keep doing the playful stuff and the free associate stuff。

 it actually becomes predictable。 ironronically， the unpredictable conversation becomes predictable。

 So， you know， it's like an Em and M album where Eminem will have like these outlander songs。

 But then you'll go to like a really poignant song or a serious song。 And then you can come back。

 There's also a principle they're called fractionation if you guys ever heard of that。

 Fation is the idea that if you put someone into a transstate。 if you pull them out of it。

 you can put them back into a deeper transstate。 And then you pull them out of it。

 and you can put them into an even deeper trans state。

 So every time that somebody is actually gone into。😊，A certain state。

 if you take them out of it a bit， you could go deeper with that state。😡。

So it's like if I get you guys laughing and then I ease off a bit and then I can punch harder and get you laughing even harder and then I can pull off a bit and I can get you laughing even harder do you also understand that in humor。

 things that are funny at a certain point aren't funny at other points。

 so if you're to watch say a free tour video if you fast forward the free tour video to the climax of the say the funniest part。

😡，That won't be funny when you see it， you actually need the buildup to make that funny。

So say that me and Lu and are free to and we're joking， you know， and we're joking。

 Do you ever see the ones where we joke about how we're gonna like ditddle Aaronin or like like that。

 You guys ever see that， If you just go right to the park where we're like， be a diddle Aaron。呵。

You show it to your friends， you're like， check out this one part where he says he's going to didddle the intern。

 right and you're like check it out。They're just gonna be like。

 I don't understand like that's so fucking weird。 That's so stupid。 But if。

 but if they sit there and they lock in for 20 minutes and it gets a little bit funnier and a little bit funnier and a little bit funnier and a little bit funnier。

 you're pulling them into that state And then， you know， by the end， you know， I'll be like。

 spitting like you guys are seem like spit water on the floor or like I'll spit right into my beard or I start like and like shit like that。

 Like if I'm just like from dead stop。 And I'm like。😡，Right then I'm like。You know。

 it just looks super weird unlike when I， unlike when I built up to it。は。哈哈。So， you know， it's like。

You know but if you build up to it， you can get to the point like I can be doing a seminar。

 And if I build up to that point。 if I see the audience is primed like the audience is like on the verge of just like exploding。

 and I just start spitting on the floor rolling around the audience like some of these guys will start crying like they're literally they'll be convulsing they're like like convulsing like just crying in laughter because we just kind build it up So you know to be a master of social dynamics。

 in my opinion， it means that you understand the impact that you're having on people and it means having that ability to be at the cause not the effect。

 it' is having that ability to keep the girl engaged but not engaged from how most guys do it where they're trying to desperately hold her attention're putting's like it's like you're the dancing cowboy where someone shooting your feet you follow this you ever in an old Western movie they're shooting at the guy' feet and he's like like you're the one that guns shooting at their feet。

 You're like' that's like what I'm doing you right I' you're and you're trying to react to if I do it to you you're trying。

Trying to react to me rather than vice versa。 So that's frame control right there。

Part of why I demonstrate it is because I feel like unless you see it done。

 it's hard to fully process。So I can logically you know I can logically say。

 you know remember to control the frame， but I want to put you in my frame to have an understanding of it。

 So if you've ever seen some of those like say Hase videos where I'm like I'm in your head。

 I'm in your head， it's because I'm actually trying to show you that mentality of like you're in someone's head So like a lot of time I'm like say say to go hey comeer literally in my mind it's like I imagine I'm almost in her mind and I'm saying k。

 it's almost like Jedi shit like I'm like come over here。

 I'm imagining it as if like like if I say to I'm like come over here in my mind。

 I'm imagining that I am the voice in your mind。😡，I'm in your head。I'm deep， deep， deep。Deep。啊。

So deep。In your head。I'm so deep in your head right now。I'm so in your head right now。

 You don't have your own thoughts right now。 I'm just in your head。 I'm in your head right now。

Talking to you right now。I'm just right in there。You can give this little pause reaction。

 just standing right here， you can blink。You can sit there right on the chair。

 you can feel the chair on your butt right now， you can feel the feet under your floor。

 you can take a deep breath right now， you can blink， you can sit there blinking， not responding。

 curious what I'm gonna to do， thinking that if you kind of just sit there and don't do anything that's the best move。

 you can sit there doing that。You might think it looks unreactive。

But in your deliberate lack of reaction， it's reactive。😀Yeah。

How much am I fucking with you right now， decent， Okay， so did I gotta do more then。Quite。

 quite cocky。Okay， you see that。 by the way， whenever girls like get cocky。

 That's a great linelor from Julian， Hes just like quite cocky。 Like that。 totally like delates it。

 It's really funny。 So okay， so you see the idea that Okay。

 so it's so that's also called pacing and leading what I was doing there。 you guys catch that。

 you guys know pacing and leading is， I don't know a lot about hypnosis。

 but I know the general ideas。 So pacing and leading is the idea that if you say like if you describe like if I describe your experience you。

 I'm like， I' like as you're sitting there on the chair， your eyes just a little bit like this。

 crossarmed。😊，Sitting there thinking， what is， what is this guy saying。

 Why is he describing my experience Edes her thinking that。You think about sucking my dick。

 and is you。All right。So yeah。Yeah， okay， but you see what's going on there right because it's like it's he did so。

So。U。So okay， so okay， so you see， you see what's going on。

 right Like it's like you actually describe someone's experience。 And， and then。

 then you can pace it and then you lead it。 You pace it and you lead it。

 That's because the human mind is always pinging off its environment to determine what reality is。

 So we're always trying to figure out what reality is。 So what'll start to happen is。😊。

If we're trying to figure out what reality is， we look at。There's the floor。There's a table。

 that's the color on the wall。 We start determining what our reality is。

 But if somebody with a stronger reality comes along，They have a stronger reality than you。

 What winds up happening is you start to look to them to dictate reality to you。

So be aware of that right also be aware of not getting sucked into other people doing that to you or let them if you want to go along for the ride。

 know if there's a teacher or sound comedian or something like that and you want to go along for the ride with them that's okay。

 but don't be going along for the ride with some hot girl who you're trying to sleep with You got to get coming along on your ride you see that。

You want to get her on your ride， most of you guys。

 when you're approaching a really attractive woman， are you in her frame or she in your frame？

What do you think？I mean， you probably wouldn't be in this seminar right now。

If the majority of really hot women that you were talking to were deeply in your frame。

 you'd be out fucking a couple of them。Not sitting here getting home erotic jokes being thrown at you by a bearded g。

So， okay， I saw you lick in your lips， by the way。嗯。I've looked my lips before， but not that time。

 Why did you feel the need to explain yourself。That's true。At least you owned it。ふ呵ふふ。

Quite cocky okay so we can okay， still lick in the lips。

You guys see the video or I did that with the girl。 I kept saying you looking at lips。 You see that。

 right， So you see what， you see what goes on there right， So you can。

 you're blinking a bit fast right now。 You see it。 Is that happening because you're my frame。😊。

Is it kind of setting your system haywi？Why are you making excuse？Why are you so qualifying？

😀Thank you。 You see that right。 You see what Are you guys getting the sense of what I'm doing here。

 You seeing the sense of it。 So that's' that's frame control。 Okay。

 so I'm teasing you I'm playing with you guys a little bit So that's frame control it sends people hey。

 they start looking they start blinking shit。 they they start They start overthinking。

 They start making a big deal lot of things。 So you want to be the one where you're the one control in the frame。

 And now the girls at the venue， they're the ones overthinking and thinking how to react to you and thinking of how to meet your standards and so on and so forth。

 That's where you want to be coming from。 So if we look at today。

 like I was saying a lot of the exercise that you're taught today are very。

 very helpful because again， you're learning how to speak about things that are random but you're owning those things so much that you're saying in your frame。

 You're learning how to let things come to you。 Did you guys have by any chance do the floating thoughts exerciser now。

 where you let it come to you， Luc sometimes gives that one。

 So like another exercise I'll sometimes do is say。

 don't even think and just let the thoughts come to you。 Let it come to you。

 So a big part of what I'm doing here。😊，As I'm in frame control is I am staying present to the moment and I'm letting the thoughts come to me。

 like this seminar here。As I'm delivering it to you， I'm letting it come to me。 You following。

 I've got to let it come。 I've got to trust that it's gonna to come。 Its， it's this weird sort of。

 it's this kind of like freaky self trustt where it's like you freakishly just trust yourself so much that you just trust it's going to come to you。

😡，Catching it。And you let it come and you say relax and in your own body and feeling good within your own body and then expressing out and as you do that。

 other people get more into your frame So that's kind of the some basic stuff I want to cover here and I want you to see me do it in person you know part of the advantage of coming live to an event is you can you know you can see me do in person。

 see how it feels right so。Going forward， as far as success women remember。

 oftentimes you're in these club venues with a lot of competing stimulus。

 there's massive amounts of competing stimulus and likewise there is you know girls that are in this very frenetic mind space。

 They're very scatter brainined and having fun because what else would they be doing they don't need to go there and be really sophisticated to me to do they don't need that。

 you got to remember that I had I had a very eye opening experience once。

 I remember I pulled out these two girls， what was like a pretty good eight。

 another was like like a solid like a really hardcore9。I'm ratinging women is derogatory。 I'm sorry。

 Okay， so anyway， but trying to give some reference。

 So basically I remember like I pulled this8 out and the 9 just scurried after and was like trying to chase her down。

 and the girl I pulled out， said， oh， that guy He was rich。 He was tall。 He was cute。

 Why did you leave him and it really was。 I mean it like this guy at a table。 He was good looking。

 He was super funny。 he was kind of frame controlling Good game， all that stuff。

 And I remember the girls was like sweetie。 All these guys do fucking hit hit。

 Even when I'm at the gym。 I'm just like shit。 my hair's messy， hit hit hit。

 They just come and they come and they come I go the fucking restaurant。

 They're coming up to me at the fucking table。 I get on the bus or jumping me in the bus。

 And the Uber， the Uber drivers trying me hit hit。 All these guys hit。

 You know what I learned in life。 Just do whatever you want。 Go about your life。

 If you feel like cooking up with a guy do it。'll be there。 just do whatever you want to。

'll be no shortage of guys right there， whatever you feel like other than that just go about your fucking life。

 Don't even。about the guys。 She literally just darted out out on like a great guy。 Why is that。

 Because in her mind， it's not the girls' fault。 right。

 We want to be almost mad at the girls like you' mad're so mad But in reality。

 it's dudes Imagine if you have money in your pocket。 and everywhere you go you walk down the street。

 You got vendors like do you want to buy this。 Do you want to get this food。 You a sample of this。

 Here's another sample。 have this drink。 this video game the video the video's play video game。

 bit of this food eat a bit of this food let me give you a laptop。

 know're fuck dude like is I guess So girls when hot's called the magic school bus magic school busre on fucking school bus like going through space on a rainbow know the plansre great。

's like。😊，Right and then it's like the other planet like Mars is over like Jety， you're beautiful。

 you're the best ever Oh thank you like that right， and like they get this both in real life。

 but also where else。Social media， the social media pumps their egos through the roof。

 Their ego are out of control because I mean， really。

 like you've got these girls getting hit up with everything from rich guys that that are taking them out like like many girls in L。

 for example， will' have multiple dudes， taking them out for like $500 dinner。

 like taking them to restaurants。 you guys don't even know exist， giving them free clothing。

 if she's got a big Instagram。 She's getting sent free dresses， free clothing。

 she's being offered on private plane。 She's gonna have she's gonna have guys soliciting her for for escorting for like $30000 a night。

Yeah， they're like， come to Dubai。 Let me take a shit on your face。 It's called the Hammus mafia。

 You guys ever heard this。 Look it up。You know， like yeah， for like 30 K。

 would you let a guy take a shit in your face， who would wouldn hands up， hands up。

 hands up for who would not get a shit in your face for 30 grand， hands up。

 who would take the shit in your face for 30 grand。That's what the beard sports protects you。Yeah对。

It over。But I mean， okay， what's up， Did you have a question about the hummus mafia， goggles。 Okay。

 Yeah， so， but but I mean， something thing about it， right， there being're being like。

 there's there's websites about this like tag the sponsor you ever seen that where they talk about it。

 Yeah， you know， like these girls that you see on Instagram that are like like Bawling。

 They're like driving like， they're like driving on the street like a fucking maerati。

 They've got like like fucking like 12000 or Chanel jacket。

 Like where does this bitch come from Like when what reality does this happen。

 And what's going on is like， they've got everything from clothing companies hitting them up for free clothes to huge amounts of free alcohol and cocaine。

 that's called the cocaine champagne diet。 a lot of models into。 You've got。

 you've got fancy restaurants。😊，People give you compliments， Gu offering you to live with them。

 like to pay you to live with them。 You've got sugar daddies。

 you've got seeking arrangements com sugardady dot com。 I mean。

 these and most of girls are on seeking arrangements and sugar daddy， right。

 because it's basically just tinder forish guys。 So， you know， they're on they're they're on。

 they're on actual tinder as well。So you get a girl she's on Tinder。

Yet how many guys you think didn't swipe Yes on Tinder， maybe on Bumble， She's on sugargar daddy。

 seeking arrangements， Instagram， Facebook， getting hit up all day long， Snapchat。

 getting hit up all day long with everything from Dick Ps to lose her desperate， thirsty guys。

 etc cetera， et cetera。 Then she goes out。 She's being dragged into fancy clubs。

And she's being and it's all being fueled by alcohol and cocaine even， you know right。

 so now she's like think of just how narcissistic you'd be if you just snort a big line right now。

 you'd already be like，'m the shit。Cause you're on Coke。 But now add to that， the social media。

 the attention， the magic school bus。 and you're just like on this fucking rocket ship ride to fucking。

 I don't know where。 I don't know where it goes。 I mean。

 it goes to when they hit 35 and then it ends。 It's like it crashes in the earth and explodes。

 But so you see， you know and the guys are cheering them on right。

 And you know that these guys are not saying like hey， clean up your life。 You know。

 maybe maybe you shouldn't snort that line， Maybe you shouldn't get they're not saying that。

 They're just like you're a rock star girl because they're trying to fuck them。

 what happens when you take a girl， and you're like， know， maybe maybe you shouldn't have that drink。

' you know， you might have a hangover。 What happens when you say that。 Have you ever tried that。

 Are they like， you know， oh my God， you really care。You really care about me。 You give a shit。

 Let me date you。 You loving man。 You loving wonderful man。 No， they're like， fuck you， F you。

 They look at you with disdain right， because they're in the moment they want to do it feels good right now And they don't have that meta levell awareness to how a decision now affects the future because like a lot of young girls will even say things like like if you're like you're 22。

 Like do you ever think you're gonna turn 30。 They're like never turning 30。

 and look their friends look they like， you're not turning 30 either。

 And other friends like are you you guys also on。 I thought of that， too。 You know what I does。

 I just gonna like never do it。ささこれ。I just click neverever turn 30。Like they， like。

 they don't think it's coming， right， because they're all the magic fucking school bus， right。

 So then some fucking idiot like me comes along right， And it's like， and it's like， hi， Suie， hi。

 right， And then I come along。 And I'm like。😡， you know right， and they were like，A， you know right？

like that right。 Take the school bus。 you're like。 It's like it's like。

 it's like a Coian cartel like coming up on the school。

 but like blowing it up and like taking them hostage like， you know， So， so you know， you hit them。

 right， It's like bang， you hit them with something with something frame control and funny。

 So now they're used to everybody being in their frame。 Now， I'm not saying literally， okay。

 don't be for any of the slow folks And you're like。😊，blow up Coloian cartel。

 He's in front of a crowd of peopleav。 He's very literal， right， So clearly， I'm kidding。

 So the idea being like， what you have is， is， you know， you pulled them in your frame。

 So they're in their frame。 They're completely in their frame。 But who are the guys。

 These girls are fucking。 Let's look at this very carefully。 Typically， really hot girls。

 Why not fucking dudes that are like sociopath， abusers， assholes， Play， club promoters。

 photographers， Why does that happen。😡，Okay， here's what reason why social conditioning is such。

 It is so fucking horrible how modern social conditioning affects men that what winds up happening is that any guy who actually is like a good person and it's like I want to be a team player。

 I want to be good in society。 I should listen to society and do what I'm told if they actually do that they will become so unattracted to women that the only guys that oftentimes escape social conditioning are guys who are lightly mentally ill mental illness actually protects them from social conditioning。

 So something like 3 to4% of the population or sociopaths。

 you guys know that look it up like the sociopath next door they claim it'4%。

 I don't know if I believe you get the general idea people think sociopaths like a murder sociopaths just like on the empathy scale。

 some people that are really high empathy scale like myself were like I'm like five years old and I a world vision commercial。

 there's like little starving kids in Africa。 I'm like。😡。

S in the5po for the love of God they're hurting you know right like I feel people's pain and then there's people who just don't feel other people's pain。

 they don't give a shit， they don't have a lot of empathy A lot of the time guys that are in that mode wind up being the guys that get laid the most not because women want to data sociopath。

 but because anybody who's infected by the social conditioning to be in reaction and to feed that magic school bus effect。

Because if you're in modern social condition， you're like， she's a beautiful woman。Be nice。 Hi。

 Jenny， Nice to meet you。 pleasureleasure， right， And then you do that。

 And winds up happening is you're feeding too much into it and you don't get traction。

 So what we're looking at here if we， if we kind of break it down a little bit。

 we pull back a couple layers。😊，It's not teaching me a fucking sociopath， but rather。

 it's teaching you to be at the cause， not the effect。 So when I， when。

 when I throw these kind of wild terms that kind of。😡。

Little over the top or colorful like a sociopath would a sociopath be the cause of the effects？

What's that， Maybe the cause。 Why fucking psycho。 He's a fucking lunatic。 He doesn't get。 I'm。

 you fucking crazy， right， So funny enough。 Then the girls's like。

 I don't know why I date the sky that like why do I keep like these beautiful women。

 They just keep dating these asshole guys and they can't figure out why It's not that women like assholes。

 You don't need to be an asshole。 I actually am really nice to girls。

 I don't know if you guys knew that。😡，I'm incredibly nice to girls。 super fucking nice。 Like。

 I think I'm just like， I actually like to be like the perfect gentleman。 But the thing is。

 what I don't want to do is I don't want to be at the effect and I don't want to be fueling the magic school bus。

😡，You follow that。So you don't want to be feeding into that dynamic。

 So what we looked at here with what I'm teasing you and stuff。 that's not me being an asshole。

 It's actually me being quite playful。 It actually it's actually more engaging and entertaining than what's your name。

 Hi， Susie， you're the best。 It's actually more value offering。

 But what I'm doing is I'm getting you， I I'm putting you at the effect and I'm at the cause。

 So normally it's only a crazy person who does that， right， Because if you're not crazy。

 you would have been infected by modern social conditioning， which fucking salts your game so bad。

 Everything about modern social condition is basically designed to salt your game。 You realize that。

😡，Okay， let me give you an example， what I'm doing a。

 when I'm recording hot see videos and you see me pull， oftentimes I'm on boot camp。

 if I pull a girl on boot camp。😡，And I get her in the car。 She's about to take me home for sex。

 Do you want to know how I get it or she'll not want me to come home with her and she won't be offended so I can run back to my boot camp clients。

You know what， do you want to know how I do it， you ever wonder， like I'm on a boot camp。

 I pull a girl。And if I just jump out of the car， she's going to be really upset。 You know。

 she's agreed to take me home。 So do you want to know how I make it where she wants to get rid of me。

I act like how society tells you to act。I'm like， I'm like， you seem really nice。 You're so pretty。

 and I go really at the cause。 And I'm like， I'm like， whatever you want to do is great。

 right And you just see them they're like。😊，はは。Oh god。 Oh， no， I'm busy。 Oh， no， right。

 they just let you go and then you're like， back to Pamping， back to Pmin。

 That's actually how I get out of the car。That's literally how I get because a lot of people will be like。

 is the girl offended when you just jump out and go back to boot camp， I'm like， no。

 because I just act like how society tells me to act and they kick me out for me。They kick me out。

 They're like， they just go。 okay， so any time because again， I've shifted to being at the effect。

 now， when you think about that， go into your mind right now and ask yourself how much have you been at the effect with meeting women。

 how many times have you been on a beautiful， stunning girl and you're just completely in reaction to her feeding into her frame trying to get her approval and how often does that works。

😡，Conversely， have you ever had it where maybe you start out your night a little nervous。

 you start approaching， you build some social momentum， you get in your own flow。

 you start meeting other people there， you start enjoying being at the venue。

 maybe you merge some of the groups together as you get into your own flow。

 you're having so much fun with so many people that when you meet that really attractive girl。

 you're in your frame and you get a reacting to you as everybody you're at nights like that。😡，Yeah。

And how much better did that work？How much better， 10 times better， 100 times better。

 or a simple way of looking at it is one didn't work at all and the other works。😡，So。

 you know now this is very unrelatable to people who don't do cold approachach pickup right like know if somebody who's never gone out to say a bar and approached people all night。

 if they were to say listen to this， they'd be like why don't you just be nice because they're in the social condition narrative But if you yourself have been out how much do girls dismiss you when you go out if you're not at the cause at engaging how quickly do you get dismissed how quickly I will tell you straight up that if I just go in just being like a nice guy feeding that magic school busing。

 I'll get called creepy， I'll get called a loser， I'll get called like freaky like ugly。

 all sort of stuff But if I just go around how fun like what I do with you here。

 do you know what usually get called amazing awesome， right even the beard be。

 little weird right this beard， if I'm at the effect and I up're like that weird the fucking beard and he's going bold But if I go up at the cause。

 they're like I love that beard Oh my God Oh could I touch the beard Oh that's so sexy Oh the beard it's crazy。

 it amplifies whatever。You're in it's the craziest thing if you're in at the effect of them。

 I'm just a balding ginger with an inappropriate large beard。Like， dude， you need to shave your head。

 shave that beard。And like， go back to like Beta male hood。 Okay， iss basically what they're doing。

 But if I'm doing well， all of a sudden， multiple girls come up。

 multiple girls start grabbing my once like multiple girls start grabbing my beard。

 Multi girls start pulling it。 Multi girls start kissing me andm trying to get in my frame quick question。

 I'll wrap this。 I'm gonna go to video。 gonna louder。 Do you think even before you open mouth。 Yeah。

 because look at me looking at you now。😊，Create up。Why do you have to look away？

So before you even open your mouth， you guys ever heard me teach this silent opener？The solid opener。

 What is that。You walk up you don't talk， I walk up to girls frequently， and I just go。😀Yeah。Okay。喂。

That's my number。Thanks， then am I go like this。 Then， am I go。Get it。Don't need to be afraid。

Do that， the day I go。Then I go。In。Out。And then' lead them， and I walked them。A lot。

 I do it all the time。 You just do quiet， but that only works。 Oh， dude。

 it's actually easier to open like that than with your stupid opener。

It's much easier to open like what I just showed you than with some fucking Wack ass opener。

 I promise you， it's one of the easiest and most effective， consistent ways to open。😡。

And the craziest part about is the girl will actually talk to you as if you're talking， should？

You's so funny。 What's your name， Who are you， Like it's funny， right。

 You you have to learn how to calibrate， though。 It's， it's one of those openers that。😊。

It's a little bit hard to widely teach it because if the masses is here， they kind of fuck it up。

 But if you understand the subtlety behind it， it can be just truly， truly epic。😡，So。

🎼You guys seen the idea here。 Okay， this is really subtle level game here that we're teaching。 Okay。

 this is really， really， really subtle。 I've been doing this for 15 years。

 So a lot of this stuff only started dawn on me or really sinking really deep， you know。

 after many years of doing it。😊。