# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：06第六周 任务5：5如何无风险的植入性元素 建立暧昧气氛 5 Mission5【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey what's up we're back with this week's mission for Haey at Home and what we're gonna to be addressing this week is sexuality and being sexual with a girl in a way that she finds cool and attractive and win win for her so that she really enjoys the experience now what we're gonna to do is we're gonna make it so that we spend the entire week actually focus on this in our interactions and what I think is really cool about it is that by the end of the week what I want for you is that any time that you go into a new environment。

 you put out a very sexual vibe so that girls just sort of feel the sexuality coming off of you any time that you enter into a room now of course。

 sometimes in your life you know you're gonna be kind of quiet and you're gonna to be a little bit introverted and you're not gonna be feeling this and you don't have to be like this all the time but what I really like about it is that when you get it down and you're kind of in the mood just to put out a sexual vibe or kind of a flirtatious undertone in your interaction women everywhere。

Wind up getting really excited even if you're not the best looking guy and thiss actually been one of the most fun parts and success of women for me is that when I'm in that gear and I'm not there all the time and I can be very introverted at times。

 but what I'm in that gear， it's really funny to walk into a room and see girls licking their lips or giggling or blushing or getting reactive to you and it's just very fun to be able to put out that vibe So some people who you may know that are role models for this would be Russell Brand。

 of course， I think a lot of guys know that or even Robbie Williams and you can actually see videos of both Russell Brandnd and Robbie Williams on YouTube where they walk up to reporters like female reporters and just the way that they're looking at these female reporters they wind up getting so attracted that they're just flustered so really what we're trying to do is get women really flustered here and again in a way that they're enjoying not in a way that makes them uncomfortable So what we're gonna to do is just look at a couple simple techniques both inside your own mind。

 but then also externally and how you're。have and we're gonna spend the entire week really。

 really hammering on these okay so I hope that you're very excited。

 Okay so the first thing to understand is the mentality behind it and what I want you to do。

 this is not something that you're verbalizing， but rather just something inside of you is actually imagine as you're speaking to the girl that you're already having sex and I want you to go into a very sexual state So you know it's one thing if I'm just talking to you like this or hey how's it going what's up。

 how are you doing you know even to command anyway， how are you doing， what's up like that。

 but it's another thing if I start imagining that the camera is a woman。And I just started thinking。

You know， I just start looking at the camera and imagining actually a really important girl in my life right now。

 so。But you know， we have very good sex， I'm imagining her right now。You know。

 and there's just kind of a playful look there。That you're going to start to have where you're imagining that you're already having sex that person now you're not verbalizing this。

 It's perfectly okay to imagine this in your own mind。

 right you can't just walk and be like I'm fucking you right now and frightened to girl up。

 but it's okay to look at a girl you know， from your own space。

 not infring on her space in a sexual way like this and。😡，Again。

 this shouldn't really be overt to me that's not cool， that's not classy， that's not sophisticated。

 but it's just something in your own mind where when you're talking and you're imagining that you're already having sex with that girl and what happens that by the lost state transference。

 the mirror neurons in her mind，Feel that feeling of sex from you and it can be very arousing and exciting。

 And the cool thing is you can just be talking about something very。Logical。Okay。

 you can be talking about something very logical to grow。

 and it's no way suggestive or anything like that。And then maybe you just might even say one little slightly suggestive thing and she will just melt right there。

 but when I'm saying slightly， I'm not saying like we're going to fuckk or something like that。

 but just like you know that would be。That probably feel pretty good， you know。

 about like sitting down， you know， I mean like， do you want to sit down？

I think that would feel really good。You know， something like that right。

 and then you kind of that feel really good。You hold it and then she's like oh god you know and she starts to feel I love stuff like that because it's playful and it's fun for the woman without her feeling sluty because you didn't say anything。

 so I love it when I can make women feel like that like I even do this with grandmothers and oftentimes I just talk with grandmothers like this and they start getting flustered and then they say thank you at the end of it like they're like wow actually flirted with me and it's been like 50 years since a guy flirted with me and you know maybe not 50 but it's been a long time and they get really appreciative so I actually view this as offering value into a room of women and I enjoy being able to provide emotions and fun for women and it doesn't mean that you have sex with every girl but you can treat every girl in a way where she feels like a little girl。

 she feels like she's swept off her feet， she feels kind of like you know there's a man here who is attractive and she's getting a little bit of attention from him and I just love providing that experience for women Now a technique that we could work on specifically with this and I want this to be in your mission it's called triangular gazing and what triangular gazing means that you look from eye to eye you can go the direction is okay and then you look down her lips。

You can even lick your lips a little bit and then look back up in her eyes and you can actually see videos of me where girls are doing this unfortunately you have to cens the videos we c the eyes out。

 but you know you can see videos where girls will even do this to me when they get aroused。

 they start looking down at me down at my lips and they start going。Like this。

 they start licking their lips。Proryably not the best im。

 but you see the idea and what's happening is your brain is thinking of kissing me now this is really cool because oftentimes when you have that sexual state and then you're already imagining that you're walking up and kissing the girl you can walk up in that state and your intent remember we talked about this in the Hose core principles video your intent is。

I'm already kissing this sc to kiss this scroll， and oftentimes she feels that。Coming from you。

 women can feel that I've even had some strange experiences while going out where in my mind。

 I thought that we're already having sex and wound up having really shockingly fast sexual experiences with girls。

 you know， even in like a bathroom or things like that。

 just because in my reality we're good to have sex like that's just。

What's in my mind weirdest night ever， I mean very strange I remember I had one weird night where I was matching girls would just kind of grab me like I just walk up and girls would just grab me and it was like several girls in a row I walked up and they were just like like that they would just grab me it was really bizarre that happened one night in particular I don't know if I' replicated that sense but it's amazing the power of intention and how women really sense what you're kind of visualizing or feeling and I want you to get that down with the flirtation。

 the sexuality and particularly the kissing so when you go to the girl what you can do is you can actually look down at her and what you're doing is you're calibrating so that girl never ever feels uncomfortable but she does feel excited by what you're doing and here's how you do it it's quite simple essentially and remember the woman's comfort and respect to women is the key here but the way that you're doing in a way that they enjoy okay and remember you don't cross the line ever ever ever is what's going on is you're looking at her and you can go in a little bit closer and you're looking for what's called the Bamby eyes Now them。

eyes or you could call them like the Japanese animationizer anime eyes or when her pupils go really big。

 and when you just move in a little bit， she just her eyes get bigger。

 she seems receptive to it or occasionally the girl back up a little but that's sort of like a token like oh I'm being coy but her eyes are getting big she's got a big smile and you just lean in now the second that you see those eyes go out the second that you see that you just back right off any time that you see that you just back off it's so simple oh sorry I'm seizing oh sorry naughty naughty like back off but if you go in and you just kind of go up and you see that she's into it and she's getting excited and likes it and it's a win win for her then what can happen is you can wind up kissing that girl and if you just to bar everybody's having fun girls do make out with guys and you may wind up making out with a bunch of girls and you can even wind up making out with like a girl and all her friends at the same time you can be making out with a girl and then you look to another girl and you do that same thing on her you make out with one girl you make out with another。

And then they start making out with each other and all of you start making out and a lot of guys think this is really hard but when you're at ease with your sexuality and it's really win win like you're doing it in a way where her experience and just a lot of fun you'll be amazed how often this will happen and you if you get a situation this week where youre are kissing a girl maybe you might even want to move into isolation where anything could happen at that point and I also want to put a little caveat onto this realize that kissing a girl is not the be all end all in fact just because you kiss a girl it does not mean that she'll go home with you and it doesn't even mean that she's less likely to call you back on the phone it's really just a fun thing to do when you're out for me making out with girls oftentimes I'll go out to a club at I'll make out with the first couple girls when I'm there just to put myself in a good mood and weirdly at the same time I have nights where I get a lot of makeouts and then I have other nights where I get none you should get a few night depending on where I'm out in my life and what my goals are but really here it's not even about getting the makeout like at some point we'll probably out field onto this and maybe that night I go。

 I won't even get a makeup。So much worried about that just worry about going through the motions and provoking that kind of sexual fun for the girl so that she feels that nice flirtatious vibe Now again。

 why I want this for you is a lot deeper than just picking up girls or a game so to speak but what I love about it is how I walk through life I love walking into a restaurant and even with that like know 65 year old waitress just giving her that look and having your melt I like walking into a venue where say it's a restaurant there's a bunch of women there and the women start reacting and they see each other reacting is's just very swaggerish that's a word swaggggy I don't。

It it just has a lot of swag to it and it's the kind of thing where you carry yourself as a man realizing that you do have sexual value and it's just a nice feeling to know that your sexuality is desired by women and you know that you're a sexual being and that you're at ease with your sexuality and you wind up coming across the guy who gets it now let's look at how this is actually combine with the previous week's missions and how you can actually integrate this into previous mission。

 so let's just think about this for a moment okay， so first of all。

 in the first week we had speaking with certainty leading and having emotion so you could still go into that say restaurant or into approaches that you're gonna to do and you could be speaking while leading having emotion behind it。

 you could be again going with the second week's mission a free association just kind of coming up with things to say leading emotion behind it you could also be polite like again。

 combine this sexuality with politeness。 that's pretty cool right like how are you doing。

It's nice to meet you。Right know it's a little hard to use this the camera， but you see the idea。

 you see how I can even pump my own state a little bit。You know。

 see how you combine the politeness there that's smooth， okay， it can be incredibly smooth。

 incredibly incredibly smooth， so you're combining that and in addition to that。

 things like questions， what do you think of this？Yang。

What what's your deal with that right and again， sexual and then building upon it we said with telling stories you know。

 I just saw two kids fighting outside。Or sorryrry， there was two girls fighting outside。

 I just saw two girls fighting outside。Mmhm。😊，Yeah you see that so you see what we're building on this here what I'm trying to get for you is a situation where youre add ease with your sexuality and what we'll do is well' add on a verbal to it。

 but it's a verbal about a takeaway saying you can't have it so you could even say things like don't get any ideas or hey hands off the merchandise shit in't for free。

Or I'm shy， hey。I'm shy， you know， things like that， you could even say I'm a virgin。

It's kind of a funny one。 It's funny to see girls react like you're not a virgin right it's funny too because when you first learn success with women。

 a lot of time you even got late in like two years and you'll say things like that while being sexual and the girls is like you get laid all the time and your mind like oh'm just learning a little skill to like get laid more having in mastery yet but people start thinking it's funny because once people start thinking it it really can add up in a positive directions it's pretty cool so again this week's exercise is about sexuality and sexual escalation and again the mentality like you're already having sex it a sexual state projection you're using the fact that the woman has mirror neurons and she feels what you feel and rather than being nervous like most guys you're feeling sexual and then she feels turned on by that you're adding in the triangular gazing you're adding in speaking in sexual ways while being polite。

 free associating or even blending it with some of the South from previous weeks and then you're even adding things like little takeaways to amplified and make her want it more last thing that you could also do if this helps you this one is kind of up to you is coming up with little routines that you can actually use。

Within sexuality and that can even be things like you know let me demonstrate something to you。

 you know there's certain nerve endings on the arm and then you feel here and as you feel here and then you know you can like look in at her or you can do things like you know an evolution I think Neil Straus used to really popularize this when it was the funny one like you do an evolution we have certain nerve endings in here and you start to grab the back of her neck and she can kind of just become submissive so I would challenge you to create and post a routine that you can actually use to escalates okay and you know if you know for a thousand percent fact that the girl wants to kiss you 10 percent you could even include close your eyes in that and go for a kiss but that can really only be done if it's 10 percent sure that she wants to kiss you you can even do things like do you want to kiss me or I even sometimes say things like is it okay if I kiss you and you know I'll say things like that and it's it's kind of fun it's fun to see the different reactions like you know state spiking and kissing or asking and kiss。

things like that and you know funny enough with that state spikking and kissing it's kind of neat because you get her laughing warm like this and oftentimes a woman's decision making process is not logical at all。

 but rather it's what does she feel so if you get her to laugh like up like this and then you go to kiss she's like like that right that's kind of the difference to a joking makeout and a more sexual make but you can actually combine the two like a joking make where you go stay Sp with a joke and then right in and she's like this feels good because he made me laugh and then she just kisses you or you can do it sexual。

Takeaways， different routines and again， really it's just a week where you can just take this time out of your life。

 go approach 10 to 12 groups a day。 okay oh that's a lot。

 it's not okay old school Pa community old school pickup community We' be approaching science for10 or 12 hours a day you're good okay this is like our warmup I'm asking you to do our warmup So just go out approach 10 or 12 groups a day where you can and again with sexuality。

 just make sure that everybody's enjoying it， make sure it's comfortable。 don't go already any lines。

 that's not cool at all。 just keep it within the realm if you're even in question at all nope okay but as long as you know it's okay start with that sexual state and lead it in the way that we discussed。

 it's gonna be a lot of fun this is gonna be an epic week。

 you're gonna learn a lot this week and next week， by the way。

 we're going into our advanced principles segment from the actual hot season you should be very excited and what I want you to do is begin your mission。

Right？Now。