# 10、泰勒 《热座》：03.进化：04. 优质实战-自娱自乐的力量【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，🎼By。Okay， so repeat after me。You can only get what you're able to walk away from。Yeah。Okay， so。

 you know， it's like the fact that you can't walk away means you can't get it。

 You could only get it if you could walk away and you would be indifferent to it for the most part。

 So that being the case when you joke around， you can be like a bit of a dick。

 that can actually be very funny because it shows the girl that you're willing to walk away。

 which therefore creates the attraction。 Okay， and therefore get her to have skin in the game。

 So let's just look at at a simple example here， This one here。

 it actually doesn't even result in anything。 And you'll see why at the end。

 there's a funny reason why it doesn't kind of humorous。

 But watch this here how I can like say things that are absurd and preposterous and how the girls just laughing even anymore more。

 So just check it out。Yes， Ive been really nice things for you。I it my name is Pra。

I just want to talk to my friends。は。How are you guys doing？Really。

 youre so lucky you have three girls for you On knowre not process。

 my mom does it mom does it for me。 sexy My mom does it for me She drunk。😊，I'm a very good dance。

That's me on see。you know what not the end of the。 I said in French， I have a small penis。

 And then she says， oh， it's not the end of the world。 Now。

 I haven't started off by saying outlandish things。

 but I'm sort of just doing it to make a demonstration for the camera。

 It's not meant to be like a specific technique you need to go use immediately。

 But rather just to understand the principle of social dynamics behind it。

 So notice that I'm saying I have a small penis and they're laughing。 they're not running away。 Okay。

 now keep watching。S that's why I have to I to be good at picking up girls because any time I get sex。

 they're not gonna come back。 So I have to be able to meet a new girl after。

 like And you think I'd be good at lick like but not even not even that because you should be you' so I'm bad at it。

 I know I know because I'm so Oh my god I do I get the girl and I go in dance。

 I'm like like this this And then we just have sex like a little rabbit for like one minute like that。

😊，And then I pass out。Yeah。my。He saw it's very small， very， very small， it's very tiny。

It's very little。It's just like a little rabbit， it says hello， it says hi。你。

I know that's why I have to be good at picking up drones but my tongue is like I' I don't think it's I don't think it is tiny but you shouldn't say that's a girl when you pick up it work with her I not drunk。

Now， notice that I have all these rows with their hands on my cock。 And， and the thing is。

 so even though I'm saying I have a tiny penis and I'm saying I'm like a rabbit。

 they're not running away。 So there's a subtext beneath it， which is saying。

You're joking about something to show that you could leave that you could lose it。

 That is called flirtation。 So you're actually showing the girl by the fact that you could leave。

That you're attractive。 Okay， so there's something being shown there is's called sub communicationation。

 And there's a time in place for it。 Not I didn't launch in with it necessarily。

But whenever you can show a girl that you'd walk in a playful way that she enjoys。

 it often amplifies attraction。No， sometimes。Some girls are insecure and they require you not to do that because everything is within a calibration and within a context。

 So a girl who doesn't feel attractive when you show that you could walk， what happens。

 She's just like， oh my God， I thought you're gonna buy me flowers like I needed that to be attracted to you。

 But whenre dealing with very pretty girls。 they like it that you show that you could walk because a pretty girl's problem isn't that you're not gonna be nice enough to her is that you're gonna be needy at a certain level of status。

 people's biggest problems with meeting a partner or a friend It's not that the friend or partner is not good enough。

 It's that they're lonely because they can't meet anybody who's not weirdly needy。

 So like if you become a celebrity， you know， the expression is lonely at the top。

 you get lonely because you're like， I wish somebody could just be my friend like a normal fucking person。

 Like why can't somebody just treat me like a normal fucking person。

 And everybody just wants something for me。 And so your friends wind up being just like these random people。

 You know， we saw that that damnmel's airring clip earlier， Luke says a lot of his friends are hicks。

😡，Why do you think that is？It'sJust random hits that he goes like boating with they're like， yeah。

There's not a lot going on there。 Well why is that， You know。

 I thought he'd only be friends with like Tom Cruise and Bill Clinton， you ridiculous example。

 But you see my point， so。So， you know， but you see my point， right。

 So it's that people that are at a certain level， their biggest concern is that the person just not needy。

 So in a lot of ways by showing you could walk， it conveys a certain status and shows you're not needy。

Have you ever had sex with a man on a tiny Ventus I did What was it like it was good？Surprisingly。

 because he was able to because he was able to do that。I don't know how to do that。

Go in for another rub。I also like this clip as an inspirational segment for any of us with tiny penises in the room。

She gives us hope。Yeah， the whole room like a rubs and shear。 You guys make it bigger。 know Oh。

 you can。 Yeah， its a stretching tool or rather than using a stretching tool at meeting their standards become a pimp and flaunt your tiny penis and make them begged to put their mouth on it。

😊，Okay。I't know how to do that you feel it too， you feel it too。

Go it to check it all three of you feel it all three get it I check it so tiny check it。Okay，い。あはは。

I'm pretty proud of that。 ever since that one time I said it， I've said that since in La a lot。 So。

 so now you've got multiple girls grabbing it right。

 and the different girls doing it creates an okayness for the other girls to do it。 right。

 if everybody's doing it， then it becomes okay。 Girl all want to have sex， just like guys do。

 but they struggle because they get judged for it so much。 So so much of sex with girls。

 especially fast sex with girls， is showing that it's a judgment free zone， never underestimated now。

 by the way， never underestimate that。😊，There's a funny thing。

 like have you guys ever noticed I make videos on YouTube？

Where I'll talk about not judging women at all for being say sluty。 So to speak。

 you ever see me do that。 Okay， look， I make those videos because I struggle with it。

 I feel that same burning anger when some girl that I'm with talks to me about some previous sexual experience。

 I get super inecure and all that。 But I made those videos because what I found was。

There were no good girls that I somehow magically found。 Okay， there's all。

 they've always done something。 And I also found that the cooler the girl。

 the more likely that she is around alpha male。 And let me ask you a question。 Simple question。

 Simple logic reason and reasoning here。 If， if you're an alpha male in the environment。

 Can you have sex with mostly girls。 Yes or no。 Okay。

 so any of you guys who have been the alpha male in an environment usually can sleep with those girls。

 right。😊，You've experienced it， and yet you want to delude yourself。

That this girl that you're meeting never slept with any of the other alpha males。

But because you're alpha， she will sleep with you。Because it's some magical cocktail。

 and you you're like， yeah， what's wrong with that。 I。 how does that not make sense。

 So what you're not realized is that in general， like in general， when a girl really hot。

 and she makes it easy and accessible for you。 You're gonna with her。 in general。

 when you're high status guy， you get into isolation is nonjudgmental， The girls get have sex。

 And it's hard for us as meant to accept that。 I struggle to accept it to this day。 But once you do。

 now what you've done is you've removed that subtle undertone of jealousy and judgmentalness。

 and the girl is likely to sleep with you。 Now here's's funny about that。

 You know know how it's like when you， when you already know how to fight。

 you don't have to get in a fight because there's a subtle， I mean， maybe you do。

 But you know my point right， like not as much。 there's a subtle undertone。

 people can feel from you that it's like， it's like they can just feel it for whatever reason。😊，Well。

 in the same way。If you're not judgmental or jealous， they feel that because a lot of guys are like。

 no， no， I'm gonna just fuck the sluts and then marry the good one。 And I'm like， dude。

 that sounds great in theory， right， sounds great in theory， right， you're gonna fuck the sluts。

 you're gonna be a slut， fuck the sluts and then get married to the nu st。 but makes awesome sense。

 The problem is when you have that judgmentalness in my experience， you don't get laid as much。

 So a lot of beliefs that I teach are pragmatic beliefs to maximize your situation。 So basically。

 whether you agree that girls sexual passes is bad or good or whatever you want to think。

 I would just encourage you to realize that when you can let that go and not be judgmental and create a judgmental free space。

 now you're the guy that the girls being that all the girls are being the sluts with instead of the guy crying that they're doing it。

 So it's up to you， you can think about it however you want。 And you know。

 if you want to start like a real counter movementvement about conservatism and changing social value。

 Like like see， I'm not opposed to actually being like slutty behavior is not okay。 and we're gonna。

😡，We're gonna make a real social change here。 Like if someone really came with me with a real game plan。

 we're like， we're gonna get the girls to not go out and have as much sex and you know。

 we're gonna wait till marriage and like we're all gonna do this now。

 And like by the time that you're dead， we will have really change the world。 I might be like。

 could be cool。 know， I mean， I probably wouldn't do it。

 but just theoretically I might be like fuck it。 why not， right， You know。

 only so many fun things to do with life this could be fun。 let's do it。

 But barring that you're actually gonna succeed in stopping that stopping the behavior that's been happening for millions of years and you're gonna change millions of years of behavior。

 then essentially you might as well have a fun life。Now， with the advent of Snapchat， social media。

 we're seeing how the world works， right， we're seeing what girls do when given access to a camera phone。

 So I think that we all get it that girls enjoy sex。 And really just have fun。

 Just let it go and have fun it's something we all struggle with。

 don't judge yourself or be mad at yourself if you can't let it go。

 I think every guy struggles with it because it's genetic right It's like。

 you don't want to like have a baby with a girl who it's not your baby and then raise it and we all have those feelings。

 And I also think that there's girls that the slut label can apply in the sense that the girl's damage。

 And literally iss just like this leaky bucket。 like any bit of attention。

 She's just on that dick like。Any any attention。 There's a middle ground。

 But the thing is what most guy， what is the middle ground， most dorky guys call a s。You see that。

 right， There is like such a thing as a girl where it's like。

 it's just too much because she's had sex with a lot of guys for the wrong reasons。

 It wasn't cause he was even an alpha male。 It's because she's damaged。 She's hurt。 You know。

 a lot of girls are are carrying pain body or low vibration energy And they keep having sex with guys so that they can be traumatized。

 You guys get that。 Like like they seek out men that will like。

 like traumatize them by sleepingping them and discarding them。

 And like therere this like weird self abuse cycle and stuff like that。 Like， I'm not like， dude。

 don't judge her。 Make her your wife。Not saying that。 Okay， I'm not suggesting that。

 but I'm just suggesting， say it like， you know， you have like the L A Laker girl cheerleader who。

 you know， has had sex with like。You know， different like。You know， really high level dudes。

 And now you've become a high levell dude。 And now you can get that girl。 Enjoy a dude。

 wear the crown。 know， you don't need to sit there like like because now what you're doing is is there's a there's a split in your identity between your old self who couldn't get those girls and was mad about it。

 And your new self who can get those girls and wants to enjoy it。

 So all that I'm suggesting is just go to the level that you enjoy it。

 I'm not suggesting like wife up a damaged girl or things like that。 I' I'm suggesting to。

 live a fun life you got a short life， like live a fun life。 Okay and like I said。

 if we're gonna start a real movement， you know it sex is wrong。 sex is wrong。

 We're gonna start that movement and we're gonna win some， let me know， maybe we'll do it。

 But unless you're gonna actually make that change。

 let it go and operate under the principle that you like it。 You got see that。

 I would even say take that principle for anything。 like anything in life。

 unless you're gonna really start a social movement to fix it。 Just be like。

 it's cool that it's like that。 That's lay the land。 Let's work with them lay the land。

 I don't want to think about it anymore。 There's so many areas that I could cry that I'm a victim。

You know， it's funny even for that sense come out of my mouth， are you guys like， ohn， you are？

You really dudes。 I could I could talk you in the next three4 minutes。

 I will suck the air out of this room Like guys， like you guys will just leave depressed if I talk to you about some things I've been through or go through。

 But yet I just don't even think about it。 I'm just like， that's the lay of the land。 It's awesome。

 I love that that happened。 It's awesome。 It's great。 We're growing from it。 You know， It's like。

 is it really great。 I don't know。' probably not。Pro suck。

 but I've got to take the frame that is great。Because that's the lay of the land and life is so short。

 life's gonna blow by so fast anyway， like you can say like it's not fair。

 It's fair then you're just 80 and you die。 So just enjoy it。 okay but anyway。

 that's a bit of a side tangent。 So going back on this then with the judgmental thing you see these girls all grabbing my dick that's normal like normal cool girls will all grab your dick。

You get that like， like these girls aren't like， like， oh， those horrors， like， dude。

 they're like fairly classy looking French girls。 Like。

 I don't know how much more classy looking you can get。 They have a French accent。 They're wearing。

 like， flowing dresses。You know， it's not like these girls like just came back from the strip club。

 I mean， these are like your typical good girl looking T girls who are educated and whatnot。

 And yet they're all grabbing my cock and rubbing it again and again， cock hungry little。

 whatever you wants your cock hungry little princesses。 So， so just， yeah， so just enjoy it。 Okay。

 wear the crown。 Enjoy it and wear the crown。😊，Oh god， I came。It amazing。

 I think y'all have my come on your hand now you're pregnant， you' have been pregnant。ことも。Yeah。そうです。

可以去。だびだめ。しと。Ma absolutely know。It's exciting。Oh please。No， I know I very sorry it's a gift。

 my dad is a rabbit。My dad is， how do you say rabbit and French。My。They really like this。

 They're repeatedly saying Moelella palm means my dad's a rabbit in French。 And they're just like。

 bears bears bears。 Why do they find that so funny。 There's a lot of things that women find funny。

 That is a man。 You're like， why is that funny。 Like okay， your dad's a rabbit。 dad's a rabbit。

 right， But in in in girl language。 would it' saying， what they're really saying is hes high status。

 He just called his dad a rabbit。 Ed were still here。😊。

So it's a hidden language where you have enough gravitational pull on you。

 and then you can kind of swap them away。 And then that makes them realize they like you more。

 And notice here again， the nonjudgmentalness， like the girl。Okay， like admittedly。

 my penis is really small。 and she's probably just trying to investigate to see how tiny okay。

 I'm kidding here。 So， that's part of my victim' Sorry right。 So， no。

 she's literally grabbing my dick over and over and going， oh， it's small。

 You know what she's doing it as an excuse keep rubbing it。 She's getting horny And she's。

 and she's saying， oh， it's small。 Like， I'm just investigating this tiny thing。 Oh， it's， I can't。

 I just can't believe how small how small it You know， That's what she's doing。

 It's just an excuse to grab a dick。 She's getting the tiningles off it。

She getting the pussy tiningles just from grabbing it。 So you see that like look at the pattern here。

 what do you how much is game awesome， It's like you're just this fun guy who rather than trying to impress。

 doesn't care having fun， enjoying yourself， swatting them away with nonsense while they rubbed your cock。

 That's game。Chhowed life， find some girl that nags you， give her half your shit， she takes it。

 nags you more and thinks you're the devil wall taking half your shit， option A， option B。

 you decide。Okay。And and really think about that， though， really stopping it now now， of course。

 I'm joking because by the way， I friends with incredible marriages。

 So I actually think relationships can be amazing。 But I'm just but again。

 I also think that marriages are amazing when you know how to do this And then you're a cool dude。

 and you have a cool wife or girlfriend or life partner really what I really like And then basically youre coming you're doing it from the right space But I want to be that guy who's in abundance and who's having fun and then the girl attracted。

 So that's kind like I'm making a bit of an extreme contrast here。 But again。

 since I think why you guys even clappap because most of us are so conditioned on like we were raised to be like。

 oh， if you're just this really nice guy they're gonna reward like this will happen。

 Like if you go get your college degree and you have a good job。

 they're all just going start rubbing your dig and calling your rabbit like loving you and it's just not true。

 So then you realize that having a bit of fun。 you get the same result。 So that's why we're shit。

 Like that's why we're all here right。😊，Like like what the fuck。

 so it's just something to keep in mind， okay？What's that， Now，s like， I'm here from the personal。

 Oh， cool。 And part of personal development is accepting your tiny penis。 So you're learning。😊，Look。

 she likes it。She she seems like it go love you're getting， watch thiss。Yeah。Yeah。

 you do have my other real。They them real They are My pain isn't real good on play。

 So what you saw there was the girls are interested in each other's boobs， too。

 This is a really big thing with a nonjudgmental guy。 Is that the girls。

 they fight their way into be with him。 And then they all want to fuck each other。

 and you'll just see this a lot。 when girls get get a time they want to sex with each other。

 So it's kind of like a really outside the box paradigm for guys。 you first you're like。

 I don't understand they're fucking each other。 I thought that she's a girl and she's not bisexual know and like。

 okay， tiny boom。 look at this tiny have other What you tongue You see that I say you have tiny boobies。

 And now does that push her away。 know， it makes her want to cup more because you're putting more resistance up。

 So now she's chasing。 So now she says have other。 So she's qualifying that she can suck a dick。😊。

Just because you said she had tiny movies。 Now， So， again。

 look at the counterintuitive nature of that。 Most guys think you don't go to college， get a job。

 you all that kind of stuff。 And then she'll brag about how she wants to suck your di。

But you go do all that。 And no one's tried to suck your di。 They're just。Probably shaming you。 So。

 you know， as being a little as being a pervert， like you're the pervert。

 So like for even wanting a girl。 So the idea being。You're saying to her， Oh， yeah， small boobs。

 And now she's saying， no I can suck a good dig。 She's impliant。 Well what does that mean， Again。

 work on becoming a happy guy， socializing， having people around you。

 And now rather than supplicating a girl I' begging， you can go， yeah， small boobs。 Oh。

 I suck a good dig。What a change in paradigm that is， you know for most guys。

 but we have to keep building ourselves in abundance so that we can get to that point times See I YouTube You everything to do actually that's where I learned how to do Anal sex。

 Look at that。 She's still going on it。Because girls will offer sex or qualify themselves sexually when they feel ostracized out of a group。

 It's the survival mechanism。 Imagine like in a Kaman tribe that that girls kicked out of the Caman tribe she screwed。

 So when she feels kicked out， it's like no go fuck someone quick or qualify about your sexual prowess quick。

 That's what I was saying about ski in the game and wanting to be in。 So for a lot of you guys。

 the girls are like enough to maybe talk to you or hang out of you but maybe have situations where they're not qualifying themselves sexually like that。

 and you want to have enough you know going on with you that you're triggering that。😡。

I learned how to do anal sex on YouTube I don't use condoms I never use condo in my life I have only three STDs so far。

never in my life。 she says I'm saying I don't use a condo。 Now what's funny is I always use condoms。

 But yet， even though， okay， I'm highly responsible， I use condoms。 And yet。

 what's the better way to get laid like， you know， I'm very responsible And I always use protection。

Or to be like， fucking， life about fun。No， god him。As it is， right。

 And then you're basically social provinging yourself by saying you had an SD。

 The implications you've had sex。 You're actually social provinging yourself。

 And the girl's DNA brain is just like he has sex， have sex with him。

 even though you just said you had an SD。 That's insane。 That's insane。 Like I told girls。

 I have like9 kids from nine different moms and they get more attracted。はは。You know。

 like you can talk about how you have a girlfriend at home and then you're a rampant cheater and some girls get more attracted。

 tu by AS。 Some girls get more attracted。 depends on the girls。

 And sometimes it's a novel attraction where maybe they they would actually feel more attracted。

 but there's still like no way。 So you're not doing it。

 So I'm not saying they build your game on that。 And I would urge you not to run around saying you have Sds。

 So don't get me wrong。 But I I was doing it more just to make the point。

 Now this was escalating that was going really well。 But then we had sort of a funny little incident。

 But I want you I want you to watch how I frame control the incident。 So watch this。あ。

Oh moment moment。Yeah。Yeah。不。It was。Oh。那个那个。You're saving us。あ。Your boobs。How funny is that？

They catch it。 How do we frame control it， What do I do instinctively， They they're like， oh my God。

 their taping has it。 What do I do instinctly。What do I do， I keep laughing and make it funny。

If you look at guys like say Vii on YouTube and do those crazy pranks。

 as soon as they show the camera， what does he do， He goes bro， it's a prank。

 And then they're like then they start laughing。 So you always want to hold the frame that everything's funny。

 So whenever I shoot in the camera video。 If goes like， what's that camera。

 I just start laughing about it and making it so funny， you can't get mad。

 You always want to make everything funny and and not get mad。 So it's like。

 say you do have a tiny penis。 You've got to laugh at that。 You've got to think it's funny。

 Like I have a pop belly right now。 Do you think that I try to like be like no。

 I don't know a pop belly。 No， No， I I'm like。😊，Like， you know， like， I'll make her touch it and go。

Right， if I shave my chest and she goes， you shave your chest I go， No， my mom shaves my chest。

 You don't like， I'm gonna call right now。 You got talk to my mom。 I， if I didn't shave my chest。

 I have chest hair and goes， you have chest hair， I go naug girl。 that's a taco meat。

You want to eat it。 Now， by the way， notice how you guys laughed。

 You guys kind of got the first stroke。 But the second is not that funny girl。

 every time I tell the talk of me joke a girl to a guys， they're like talking to me。 They're like。

 that doesn't even really sound like。Like it's taco meat and， like， I don't even see the link there。

 But girls， when you say it， fucking fall over， they fall the fuck over。

 Why do girls fall over laughing when you say it's taco meat。😡。

Because it follows the format of attraction and the laughter is actually a sign of attraction。

 It's not so notice the difference between a humor laugh and an attraction laugh。

 make that dichotomy in your mind。 So you say it's a taco me。

 the format that you're saying is I'm not going to qualify myself to you and I find everything funny that being the case。

 they laugh not for the humor of it but for attraction。

 So it's an important point now did you notice how by me kind of creating a good energy within the circle。

The girls want to stay。 And then the more that I would say things that in theory would push them away。

 the more they're having a fun time。 I wouldn't say that this is a super solid interaction。

 as far as like。I don't I， I wouldn't say for sure that it was going to sex。

 It might have had the camera not been seen there。 may have。

 I wouldn't say for sure that it would have， but I'd say that it's just a good example。 It's。

 it's sort of a very it was kind of comedic and theatrical。 you know。

 the hands on the dig and the funny line stuff。 So I like it as an example of that。

 But just to get the social dynamic of it。 Okay， any questions about it， quick question And2， not no。

 no， it's funny。 Like， if I'm， okay， so if I go out。😊，When people drink。

 it shuts off the social conditioning part of their brain， they become very free associative。

 they act on impulse and they have fun。 When I go out。

 I shut off the social conditioning part of my brain， I get loose。

 I act an impulse I will be me always I'm always me what you see I'm being me but I can also you know work with the vibe if people are kind of like in just like a fun wild night like this is just a fun wild night in Miami girls has had some drinks。

 you know I'll have fun with them on that level so it's like you always want to be you but you also want to have consideration for the fun other people want to have。

It's like right now when you're speaking to me， you might speak to me in a tone that works for the seminar。

 within the like you might phrase your question so that others can hear it。

 you so that it's on track of what we're doing， it makes sense。

 but yet you're still going to be you as you say it。😡，I think guys get confused on that。

 They think that like they can't like adjust at all。 And I don't view it like that。 You know。

 there's a certain vibe。 Let's'll find that vibe， but let's still be you。Yeah。

 another quick question。So I had experience of like louder and quicker。

 I'm gonna rub Asian penis on your ass。 reason Yeah。

 so you said I'm gonna rub my tiny Asian penis on your ass。 and she got turned on。 Now， again。

 it's because you're showing that you don't give a fuck。 So in life， there's two ways to get ahead。

 One is to actually get ahead objectively。 You know， like， go work out。

 have a six pack pretty awesome， right， But on the other hand， and that's called self improvement。

 But the other thing to do is just called selfaccept。

 And what selfaccept communicates to the woman is other women like him。 clearly he wouldn't。

 he wouldn't be shy about his tiny Asian penis as you said。If。If other girls didn't like it。Right。

 so that's the thing like when you see he guy like Luke， you know， who's chubby and he's like。

 you know， up all all over these girls。The girls don't get turned off because they only get turned off if you get shy。

 like I'm bing。Because I don't give a fuck， when I tell girls I'm balding， they don't believe it。😡。

A lot， okay， do you guys ever notice like I have really thin hair。 And it's like。

 it almost kind of looks like I should shave it。 Any you ever really like being honest。

 You kind like， dude， like， like， it's time， bro， do you want to know a major reason why I just didn't shave it。

 Girls don't believe I'm going bald when they meet me in real life。So there's no point yet。Why not？

 Just leave it there。 Who cares。 I've got my whole lot to be up。

 I could be shaved head for the next fucking six years anyway， so why not。😡。

I'll tell girls all the time。 I have man boobs。Rub them， S on my mambmbooos。

 and they start sucking on them and touching them like they're a guy touching tipss。

 Then I say I'm bald。 I put my bald head down and make them look at it and kiss it。 They're like。

 you're not bald。😡，Why is that？TheyThey're okay with that if you're okay with it to qualify themselves。

 it's like if you're 5，7。But you don't care at all。

No girl will ever say you're not tall like if you're like once you're getting to maybe like5，5，5，6。

 girls will just say you're not short。But even at 5，7。

 girls will regard you as  six feet if you don't care at 5，4，5，3，5，2。

 they just won't think of you as short。 They'll just think you're cool。

But the problem is if you care that you're short， if you care that you're short or you care that you're bold or you care that you have a tiny penis or you care that you have back hair or you care about aim。

 you are fucked。That girl will pick up on that so fast。

 she will know immediately like I have back here and girls will be like， oh。

 you have a lot of chess hair， I'm like， yeah， cool with it？Well as long as you I'm back here。

 I'm like， right， and they're like， well， I don't care and they just don't care。

I've seen Julian be like， I have kids。 I have a girlfriend at home long。 he says like that。' like。

 I don't care。 You guys ever seen videos like that or Julian， I have two kids。 I have two kids right。

 So it's so when you own， But the problem is， like， again。

 most guys I know that are like ugly or shorter things like that are bold are creepy。In general。

But do you want to know why？Because they're affected by it。It fucks them up， it makes them weird。

 it fucks them up。NormallyGood looking guys are normally not creepy， Do you want to know why？

They haven't got fucked up。They haven't had people insulting them and criticizing them when you're short or like I'm bald。

 right， balding or bald， I'm not sure somewhere in the middle。Maybe more trouble bold than bing。

I'm bald balding whatever you want to call it。I do get people insulting me on it。

 Usually guys try to tool me。 If I start competing with another guy for a girl， they'll go， dude。

 you get your bald asss out to here your old man。If that， if I。Let that touch me。

If that remark touches me。I begin to change， I change internally。 I become。

 I have that little dark streak of a wound and that dark streak of a wound is creepy。

If you carry that insecurity， you are creepy， I don't think you're creepy。

 I'm not calling you creepy， I've been saying how the girls often will perceive it。😡。

But when you're just this happy outgoing guy and you don't give a shit about these things。

 now you're like， Luke， where the dude is overweight。

And the girls don't give a shit because he doesn't give a shit so in life， you know。

 like I do want to get in better shape。You know， at some point。

 I'm definitely going to big my head and a'll little cool。 I've done it。

 I did it for seven months before。 I got laid just as much。I want to get ripped。

I want to make more money。But， I also understand。That。I'm done right now。

So am I going to just wait until later？But see， the problem with that is that if you're always waiting till later。

 what synaptic pathways are you building your brain。All be attractive。 win， all be attractive。 win。

 all be attractive win。 And then by the time you get those things。

 you still have that because you know， your brain rewires itself。So if you're like。

 I'll be attractive when you're rewiring it so that even when you get the things that you thought you needed。

 you still think you need more。 That's what society。

 That's what consumer culture how it affects people negatively。

 It keeps saying I'll be attractive when I'll be worthy。 when I'll be good enough when。

 And then once it builds that that trigger in your brain， you're the perfect consumer。

So you have to make it like， I'm attractive now， and I'm excited to work hard for an even cooler future。

 I'm awesome now， and I'm going to work for an even cooler future。 So， you know， even for me。😊。

I lived to weights for many years， And then this past year and a half， I didn't live weights。

 I got out of shape， but my self image went up。Strange， right？Why did my self image go up？

Because when I'm in the gym， I'm getting more built。

 but there's always that guy on steroids or on like fat burger pills who's leaner or bigger and I'm like looking and I'm comparing。

I just， I just， I just leave the fucking gym。 I stop comparing。 And I'm just like，'m the shit。

 And all of a sudden， that's building in my brain。 And now girls are walking up to me regularly thing。

 like， you're handsome。You're so hot， and I get it more often now than when I was in shape。Why。😡。

Because I built that in my brain， is that an excuse to get out of shape。

 what would be some reasons that I at turning 37 in less than a month。

What are some reasons that I should get in shape， health， mobility， bone density， hormonal。

 how it affects your hormones， how being healthy affects your mind and how sharp you are？

All great reasons。So do it for the right reasons。 And hey， if I get laid even more out of it， great。

 you know， but I've still trained my brain to love myself as I am。 Make sense， guys， okay。Yeps in。

you're drinkingYeah， you shut。 Yeah， the drinking shuts off the social conditioning。

 Social conditioning is so pervasive that now to fit that perverted society， we use a poison。

 we poison ourselves to turn off social conditioning。

 that's how vicious social conditioning is that we drink a liquid poison and that while it hurts us and drags down our health。

We actually feel better。 But the only reason you're feeling better is you're getting out of social conditioning。

You're literally getting away from your pain for a minute。

 you're stuffing down all that pain for a sec。 That's how sick our society is and that's why I don't drink。

To joke is a solution。The more you joke around， the more everything becomes funny。

The more you accept yourself， guys who don't have societies ideal。You better be funny。

 but you're not funny for them。You're funny for you。

The alcohol is like a natural intoxicant that makes you just love yourself and love the world and everything's fun。

 So that's why you always got to be laughing。 Any who's not laughing regularly。

 I don't take them too seriously。 I actually view them as weak willed generally。

 Now is that everybody know， look， we just did an interview me Julia with Jay Samit。

 He didn't really laugh too much。 Prety awesome guy。 I'm not saying there's not exception to that。

 But in general， I feel that somebody's ability to laugh frequently， shows mental strength。

' laughterrs viewed as a mental weakness like oh it's just some lazy guy laughing。 hold up， no。

 that's actually you cleaning。 It' like it's like dusting your room， vacuuming out your room。

 It's keeping it sharp。 like it's clearing out the stress and cortisol。

 and it's keeping you fresh and engaged。 Everybody has more I don't if it's oxygen or brain neurotranstter neurotransmitters。

 whatever it is。 They're flowing in the brain more when you're laughing。 The whole idea pushing away。

 It's not that you're doing it as a trick or a gimmick。Because it has to be paired with real value。

So it works when you are a cool guy。And do you need to do it no， I recommend， see， most guys。

 they want to go right to the pushing away。I say the opposite。 I say， like， for example。

 in Hase de home， one of the first exercises is I want to be able to get numbers into pull girls by being polite。

 If you can't pull a girl just by being polite and a cool dude。

 you don't need to add these push away things。 You should already be getting some elementary results without that。

 And then from there。Add that in the mix hell。She wouldn't even shake my hand some。Because it's sexy。

 that's what you can do own bud。I know I want to get the talk for you。 my momd it。Mom。

 I have a very nice mom。 You' going to go eat to taco right now Are you going to go eat crackers and cheese right now dogs about taco。

You're very on by the fucking commercial。Come two seconds， two seconds。 I saw you。 I saw a hug。

 Good night， Good night， Good night， Good night。J car。Are you guys from Mexico？

Where do you want to from like Central Mexico is's not like a drug war right now from is that what you guys came here in the middle of Mexico Yeah that's where we just came from know。

 I'm going to fuck you guys because like you guys are on a different level than this。

Not only prettier than me， but you guys are tougher than me。

re like I'll find a fat little white girl。 So I say I want to go have sex the fat white girl。

 Now I've said things like， you know， she's like in a gang war and the tacos thing。

 And so she's a hot girl。 girls that aren't that hot。 They don't deal that well。 don't do it。 Now。

 girls that have a lot of attitude。 They kind of like it when you miss them a bit。 So in this case。

 because she's smiling and receptive to it， you know， she's having fun。 So that's okay。

 right if a girl's not having fun， then don't do it。 So you know。

 an adult can decide what they think it's or not fun。 She's having fun。 It's cool。

 someone's having fun， Not， Don't do it。 So basically here。

 I say I'm gonna go have sex the fat white girl。 And now of a sudden I' justqualified my desire for her。

 and she's going，t， don't do it， don't do it。 So that's kind， know。

 it beginning like this girl that I can barely hook。 now it's beginning to hook。

 I've tried to have listen to me。 have Look that little factor right there。😊，Oh是 the fish。

It's kind of fat。Oh yes。おれか。Why do you get me in trouble with your front like that right there。

 I mock her friend even sometimes even just being a dick and just mocking people。

 What can wind up happening is you wind up looking like that popular kid from our high school and it can engage that dynamic。

 I don't do that very often。 It's pretty rare。 A lot time when I show it in hot seat。

 I just like to show different dynamics and how they work。 It doesn't mean that you have to use them。

 I certainly don't regularly。 I could have been years since I've even done that at this point。

 But it's interesting just to understand them because now， like in order to go post an understanding。

 first， you have to have the understanding。 Okay， so for example。

 you guys have heard me use the word alphapha male in this seminar today。

Do you think that ever in my regular life， I'm thinking things like alpha male， beta male。

No alpha male is like that's the alpha。 that's the beta。 You're not thinking like that。

 But at a certain point， you have to make that distinction to see where you land on the spectrum and then to get yourself to where you want to be on the spectrum。

 So in the same way， it can be kind of funny to learn， be the guy that's doing the tooling。

 And then consciously decide。 You know what， I don't want to tool anybody。

 But when you've consciously decided it， now you've decided from a position of strength instead of it being like like this area that you're afraid to go。

 And then when other people do it， you feel like the effect of it as to like I could do that too。

 You're just being a dig。 So I'm kind just playing with it there and just showing the general M。

 it's very playful。 Stop attracted。 I'm attracteds I'm not here after all the work that my mom did to shave And all you don't even appreciate it。

 I'm texting right now。 I'm texting my mom right now Not that she did the shaped ch thing。

 You need some hair up in here。 I'm like after all that work that my mom did to shave it。

 I'm texting。Now， so she got laughing。 And that's that laughter there is decent。

 But like a lot of times it's like 20 times that when you say that。 So it's。

 it's funny how it works And I'm I'm telling her。😊，It's not that funny。Like， it's not。 But it's。

 there's attraction funny。 And like， quote unquote， objectively or subjectively funny。 right， Look。

 there's， there's comedic funny。 And then there's attraction funny。

 So when a girl's getting attracted， they start laughing。

 But it's kind of like the cheerleader with the quarterback kind of thing。

 like whatever he says she's like。😊，You know， right， he's like， what's up， Marcy， Todd， you know。

 it's like this kind of， it's like that kind of funny right， like， he's so funny。

 Like she's laughing。 She doesn't know why she thinks he's funny。

 even though he's not even that funny。 So that's， that's the type of funny that's happening。

 so you say this kind of push away line or line of indifference。 And then they call you funny。

 you'll even see sometimes if you walk up to girls silently and don't even talk just stare。

 They start laughing and saying that you're funny， but they're actually laughing because they're attracted to the way that you're carrying yourself。

 so funny What's Im that。😊，No， no， no I want a free fabric。あば。

I've actually tried to fuck too fat girls in my life。 I of it was really embarrassing。 no， no， no。

 no， Yeah because like I got desperate and I went home and it's just it's not the sadnessness that makes me unattracted。

 It's the sweat。It's too sweaty and I tried it's like hot。

 it's like shimmering with heat like it's like a barbecue with like heat shimmering up I don't know how they fuck each other because I don't drink。

I13 I talk to sorry， I like fat and 13。Am I amm I fat， yes。You know， it does that a lot of Juliailln。

Like， you know， like just， like you'll look at girls just wait，아。

And but people misunderstand it because they're looking at like people who see Julian do that。

 they're looking at it as like he's going around， trying to be mean。

 He's going up to girls that have shot down 9 million dudes have had multiple marriage proposals。

 They've shot down。 And then he's just going up and saying I am not He's not really saying you're fat。

 what he's subcommunicating。 I am not plaedating you or intimidated by you。 Therefore。

 I'm on the level that you're looking for a man。 But that's misunderstood in mainstream society。

 So for that reason， that's where Julian is misunderstood frequently okay。But unfortunately， though。

 it's a very nuanced point。 And when misused， you know。

 you don't want guys just running around just insulting people。 That's stupid。

 So you do within a context where you have a lot of values as a guy， the girls really enjoying you。

 And then when you kind of do that， she likes it。 Like， she's actually enjoying it。

 The weird thing with Julian， girls are never creeped out around him。

You know when girls are creepy out around？Nice guys。Nice guyses creep women out all the time。Okay。

 the guy who， who goes to his coworker。 he's like， I think you're really beautiful。😊，The girls like。

 dude we work together。 What the fuck， right， Not the fucking super fun guy at the club that everybody loves。

 And he's like， And she's like， he's hilarious is totally different。 Look at。

 she those fucking Doritos Taco like the fucking dorito mix with talk about she please down before。

 just like that。 I do if we were married。 I would keep her line。 fucking rap some shit。

 You know what I would make him kill fucking crackers Hey fucking cracker。😡，Not a cracker。 Yes。

 you are Not aer。 Sorry to bring it to you。 I'm sorry to it to him， but he's a cracker。

 it's coolers and cheese Now she's playing back， which is great。

 So what we're doing is we're building tension。 And that's better than a neutral response。

 Do you have to do this to get laid No。 Ive got countless clips where I'm just a nice guy。

 It's just something you can do。 And again， I don't even use this as much anymore。

 but I do feel that it's important to understand it。 because in a weird way。

 once you have this down like this was shot years ago。 because I got this down years ago。

 Now I can be that guy that just walks up centered calm normal， and I don't do that stuff。

 And it's so built into my personality that in the same way that an MA fighter doesn't need to punch you for you to know he can kick your ass。

 girls can feel that I have that ability to switch that on。 They'll sense it。

 So I don't normally need to show it。But it's important just to know that you can handle tension。

 that you can create tension and move it to attraction。

 So it's a base level skill that then you can build on later to the point where you don't even need to use it most of the time。

 But， you know， make sure that you have it and understand it。 Okay， you don't。Dog。Yeah。😊。

He hates me but he loves me noticeice that by saying dog， she says he loves me。

So is she like in the mainstream when they're saying， oh my God。 you called her a dog like， why。Why？

Like， how is that funny， how is that funny what you're doing，'s that is a lady。

And you're calling her a dog。How's that funny， What you're doing。 Where's the humor in that？

 Guess what， guys， I don't think it's funny either。I don't like。

 I actually think that's pretty base level humor like me like I would almost say like， you know。

 you're like a magical princess floating down a rainbow into a pot of candy who's about to twinkle away into myth to me。

 that'd be funny。 just like dog， like that's not funny。

But why does she find that funny because within a nuanced and specific context of our interaction。

 she thinks it's flirtatious because she's hot， she doesn't really care she doesn't give a shit。

 her biggest problem is not guys being playful， biggest and a bit sarcastic。

 which she could understand the mainstream apparently can't like oh， no ability to process sarcasm。

 okay or humor and essentially。She she has no problem with that。

 Her biggest problem is men being needy。 Her biggest problem is that guy from work that she needs to work with that keeps hitting on her。

 And she's like， dude， I don't like you。 You know， her biggest problem is， you know。

 her male friend that that she thought was her sincere friend that reveals that he had a crush for five years。

Her biggest problem is， her uncle that lures at her。It's not the playful guy at the club。

It's not the sarcastic， playful guy who's having just making her laugh。So， you know， so。

 so as as a guy， I want girls to have fun。 So I'll joke with certain girls within in narrow context to where they enjoy that kind of humor。

 I could play with that。 I'm not， I'm not like so afraid to play around and be a bit sarcastic。

 I mean， I， you know， Australians like Australians do to call each other Ks， right，t come here。

 they love each other。 It's just joke， but， but some for some reason It just gets lost in translation。

 right， They're like real social dynamics。 The company that teaches the infamous w。😊。

And they're like there， like flap in the wing' like man I don't know。And then， then like， you know。

 you got to go on the news and try to explain that They like， you。

 youve got two seconds to explain why you did it。 You're like， you're like， there's。

 there's a content。He's an idiot Thr the trash done right So yeah。

 so it's a nuanced point that is just past like the surface level， like anything in mainstream。

 It just has't be like， but yourself。 look conquerers all God is all and fucking。

 work hard at your job a little bit right like that's like mainstream thinking right。

 anything with any layerir to it。 It's like a layer。 There's a layer， Two layers。

 too many thinking you can't keep it simple。 It's bullshit。😡，What's that。

 There's someone for everyone。 That 38 year old guy should just keep being himself。

 stop don't help him right So， so it's， again， like just explaining that it's like you can push away。

 And if it's an attractive girl and you're a fun guy， if you push away a little bit。

 And and if she enjoys it and consent sense to it。 then in that case。

 you can play with her in that dynamic。 And if she doesn't like it， then you shouldn't do it。

 And you should know and she won't like it and not do it。 you shouldn't go too far。 if。

 if she doesn't like it， you shouldn't do it。 should only ever do what a girl wants you to do。

 The girls a decider。 So get it。Get it。Yeah， I mean， no， no， no， dude， dude。

It's going to be a good video， right？Do you get it？Okay， what's that， There's no line。

 Just never do anything that a girl wouldn't like ever。 Get it。 No， no。

 psychically know where the line is and never do it that ever。 And it's gonna be a great video。

 Get it。Okay。Get it， okay。Just psychically， no one don't do it。Yeah。😊，Yeah。

It's like a heat Come with me really Come， down come down come， adventure。

 Can you will you get in trouble with your friends I judge you No， no， no， they won't judge。

 Then I' give comfort pizza two seconds。 but I'm like Do you want to come two seconds， two seconds。

 two seconds， Adv。 I gonna come back and get pizza。 Come with us two seconds。😊，Two seconds。

 two seconds， adventure， judgment， no， two seconds。 We'll be back into that， guys。

When my seaman is in a condo that was in her。 I'll be back in two seconds， Gu，2 seconds。

 So we just we pump， pump， pump， pump， pump。 How many guys would give up there。

And then because they gave up， they think that game doesn't work。Right they wouldn't come with me。

 And by the way， remember I said earlier about how lot of time a guy who isn't traditionally good looking can be creepy。

Because when a guy's not traditionally good looking， you know how he interprets that？

It's just anotherher tonguen。Because I don't look like that magazine。Did I got shut down of my face？

But Jared Letto need to say adventure in two seconds。 No， Jared wouldn't。Jay would need that。あはは。

So what should I try。Let's just give up， grab my keyboard and see him。😀Yeah。Don't learn solutions。

Don't acknowledge my predicament as being soluble。Just cry and complain。And spread that complaint。

It's not enough that I'm negative。 I've got to share it with others and infect them with my worldview。

 I' got to infect others。I'm like， what are those guys with HIV that runs around trying to get laid out of condom。

 just cu， just cu， just cause I can， just because I can。

I will write these negative limiting beliefs that I feel that aren't real to infect other weak minded people。

Cause， I guess。开始爱天。ちっと。Okay， or just pump or fucking stay and take it for pizza and fuck。 Okay。

 or that。😡，Whateverever floats your boat。Did you guys enjoy that clip with all the subtle details about pushaways。

 you enjoy it？Yeah。🎼，🎼。