# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：05第五周 任务4：4讲故事 及潜沟通的使用 4 Mission 4【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey what up， It's Owen and we're back with the fourth mission for the hot seat at home and today what we're gonna to be doing is building upon the same skills that we've been building throughout these past three missions。

 Now， I hope that at this point you're getting a sense that what I'm trying to do with you here is to fix the major major challenge that you see people having with success with women and that's knowing how to talk and engage with girls in a way that actually hooks them in so that whenever you see a girl you're massively confident that she's gonna have a good time Now why have I been hammering so hard at this one area of just teaching you how to talk and talk。

 it's a little odd right I mean， aren't there other skills that are important。

 know why am I kind of building the foundation from here Well the actual core principles video of the hot seat at home focuses a lot on inner game。

 inner transformation and shifting the way that you're communicating so that the girl can see that you're at the cause and not the effect right so in a way we have the inner game kind of dialed from the core principle video。

You know。🎼of out out here in Hollywood So we have the innerga dialed for that core principles video。

 We've covered that and what I like to do is I also like to hit the outer game side because I feel like when you know what you're going to say or at least you know how to talk in general。

 your confidence also shoots up So inner game it comes from two areas it comes from you know having good beliefs about yourself and self-esteeem selfworth。

 selflove， but it also comes from just being likey there's a girl over there。

 I know how I'm gonna talk， I know what I'm gonna do why else have I kind of hammered on this early。

 Well I feel like later on in this course when we watch the actual hot seat hidden camera videos I want your mind to be primed to understand what it is that I'm actually doing See winds up happening if you haven't done these exercises is that it becomes like watching an NBA game right I'm a huge Lakers fan。

 I'm a huge Kobe Bryan fan and I can tell you straight up that you know I can go watch Lakers games till the cows come home。

 I can see exactly how Kobe shooting the ball。See how he you know shooting three pointers or cutting into the basket or doing a dunk。

 but unless I'm actually sitting there practicing those skills myself。

 I lack a real appreciation for what it is that's going on so the goal here is to build a real context at appreciation and three dimensionmenional understanding where it's like physiological it's not like just intellectually understanding it but you've actually done it。

 you've experienced it， I want to build that in you and then later when we experienced the hot seat hidden camera footage segment together you're gonna have an entirely much more powerful context to the point where you're watching me doing it you're like oh I see what he's doing is gonna to be this epic experience so we're building up to that。

 I hope that you're getting excited for that and I hope that you're also giving a lot of feedback on the tribe itself because again。

 like I've mentioned countless times at this point。

 the most important thing in this entire experience okay the major major thing of the hot seat at home is the tribe itself because。

Like I said in video just a video， people can watch the video so the cows come home If you watch this video and your life hasn't actually changed in a profound way what's wrong。

 you probably need to be a part of the group interacting with me and your team so that you can actually get other people on your team and get into the spirit of this and experience real change so really what we try to do here is create this like really kind of dynamic fun environment as a part of the tribe as a part of this group and make it like we're all on the same team we're here to support each other and get everybody experiencing massive transformation so I've been reading a lot of success stories I'm on telegram every few hours just seeing what's going on I'm checking out the Facebook group and it's really cool just to read about the different successes and different lessons people are having so this week we're gonna further build on that lesson and go deeper into our。

You don't journey here And what I'm gonna to do is actually help you to solidify your conversation skills。

 Now let's look in review of what it is that we've been doing so far。

 the first week we talked about speaking with certainty and having emotion in it so that the girls is led by you and feels emotion as you talk in the second week we experience free association just letting the words come to you so now you're speaking as a leader you're speaking with emotion and you're able to just flow and free associate now last week we did what I think is one of the most important lessons which is just going up to girls being polite and essentially attracting the girls through subcommunication and through leading just being polite。

 why is that so critical because when you've succeeded with the girls just by being a polite guy which I'm sure you've had some good successes this week you realize that you don't need some crazy trick okay because let me tell you man it's like yeah there's all these crazy upper cuts and advanceooing game but if you can't win with just a simple punch these advanced things aren't going to help you very much。

 in fact， they're just gonna to confuse you and set you away from your foundation So we've been building the foundation like。

So far and for this week， what we're going to be doing is a lesson。

Where to solidify your conversational skills which like I said it kind of boosts your confidence overall we're gonna be focused on telling stories and we're going to go the exact opposite direction and we're going to get you focused on asking questions in a way that really prompts the girl to respond All right so the background to this is back in the day when I was first learning how to meet girls I would just go up and ask these really boring questions hey what's up。

How are you doing？What time is it， what's your job， what do you do， what are your hobbies。

 things like that。You could really sense that my mind was shut down and I wasn't able to think straight I was almost like stand puking on the girl in South Park because that is name stand like that kid that would see the girl that he likes right peke on her because he's so shut down he's so nervous and I could see that I was becoming like that back in the day So my version of the game was my mind was completely shut down as was a massive lower consciousness I was totally at the effect of her opinion and I just be like how's it going what are you up to what do you like to do？

It was bad So the way that I got around that was a very powerful exercise that I did for many years way back in the old school pickup community and that was an exercise I think is going to really challenge you。

 here's what it is what you've got to do is practice just walking up and telling stories like literally just go up No questions aloud and just start yammering on about stories this year was one of the most important things I ever learned from one of my original pickup mentors mystery because what I'd see him do when I was brand new to pick up girls was he just walk up to girls and you just start yammering about some story or other and the girls would just hook in they just like bam like completely hooked on every word he was saying and I remember looking at that now it's like hows he able to just go in and just start spinning stories like this It's so crazy I can't understand that but what's funny is that by just telling stories and not asking any questions what you're doing is you're allowing the girl to just sit there and listen without asking any type of compliance from her Okay now let's look a little bit of the overarching principle behind what makes this work。

Some very powerful principles behind it。Okay， so let's say that you text a girl， right。

 you got a girl's number， you go to Texer。If she's really into you。

 you can send a longer text and you can ask her for a longer reply right if a girl' is really into you like you know。

 if I are to text any girls I'm dating right now and I said what's your thoughts on Xyz。

 I would hope that I would get back a detailed text from them because they're invested in me But if I don't know a girl very well and I send her a text that requires a long response she's not gonna to be compliant to that and she's gonna leave So what I teach guys to do is don't try to get compliance like any type of effort or response for that's what compliance to me it just means like you know you're like could you come over here you know what's your name like like even saying what's your name。

 you're asking for compliance right even saying what time is it you're asking for compliance。

 even saying stop and talk， you're asking for compliance So what I teach。😡。

I do not try to get compliance from a girl until you'll actually get it if you're not gonna get it。

 don't try， you know so say， for example that I wanted you to buy a copy of Hosi at home like this。

 I don't come to you right off the bat when you're not into the idea and say hey man。

 could you pick up a copy of it what I do is I offer free videos and then you know once you're at a point where you're excited enough to pick up a copy I say hey do you want to pick up a copy So in the same way a girl is not gonna to appreciate it when you walk up to her and say。

 you know what's your name like if I say， hey guys hey you know and you know say they walk by and I say to stop hey you know。

😡，Well， are they going to really appreciate that？I don't think so。

I think that they're not gonna to stop because they don't know me。

 They have nothing invested in talking to me。 So what you do to get around that is you just tell stories。

 Okay， so this week's mission is storytelling。 And what you're gonna to do is just walk up and offer any story。

 Now I remember back in the day I had a story I I used called the badass kids or I literally haven't taught said this story in almost a decade。

 So I'm gonna to just off right now Id say I'd say。😡，I'd walk up， I say， hey。

 you know what I just saw。 So look at that。 You walk up， you know what I just saw。I was like。

 you say， I was driving up the street。And there's this little kid wearing like a black bandana。

 black Jean jacket， like black high top shoes， sunglasses look like a little gangster。

And I was driving up the street and he looks up at me and he gives me this like mean mug look and then he goes。

You don't right， just that one little thing when you do the finger like that。

 the girl explodes and laughter， that's an example of a story or you say。

 did you see those two girls fighting outside？And then you start describing the fight。

 She's pulling each other's hair。 The guy was in the middle of it。 It was like Jerry Springer。

 and then the girl's like what right， So those are stories Now。

 the reason why we're going to challenge you。To just say story after story is because up until now。

 what have we taught， we've taught you how to free associate。You can just let the story come to you。

 we've taught you how to speak as a leader， we've taught you how to speak with emotion。

 so we've been leading up to this， right？You're ready for this。 You can do this。

 Each skill is building upon the last。 So what you're gonna to do this week is you're gonna walk up to 10 to 12 groups of girls a day or individual girls and just start telling stories and what I want you to do is captivate them with these stories and benefit from the fact that you're not asking for any compliance or're not asking them to contribute anything What's so crazy about that is if you just walk up and start telling stories。

 they hear vocal inflections。 they see the eye contact， they see your body language。

 they feel your energy， they feel your vibe and now they're having a chance to get attracted。

 but without having to be complianceli so they're not having to make a decision it's like you're shopping for a fish right and you can look right in the fish bowl and you can be like do I like this fish or do I not like this fish What if what if you went to look in the fish bowlwl and the fish was like。

B me and you're like I don't know if I want to buy you and you're like if you want to watch me swim。

 you gotta buy at least put in a quarter。 you probably be like no I'm cool keep swimming have fun right but if the fish just swims around you're like you start watching the fish like this fish is kind of cool I think I might want to buy this fish and then you become compliant and buy the fish that's what you're doing when you just tell stories if you just walk up to people and just start cranking out stories the responses that you got are gonna blow your mind really and this is one of the cool things about as we say a pickup artist is that you can actually walk up to groups of people and you know how to use that leader kind of tone the emotional tone。

 the free association and then the ability to spin stories you can walk up to virtually anybody and just captivate their attention So if you remember in the sales videos that I did for the Ha to home we talked about you'll be able to walk up to women and just know exactly what to do and you'll have confidence because you know how to hook attention well guess what that's what we're building towards here the ability to walk up and tell stories now here's the thing that is gonna be your。

For four days out of the seven， but as a counter mission。

 we're going to have a totally opposite mission for the final three days。

 so I want to read about this on the Facebook group and see that you've been doing and here here it is the opposite mission is you're not going to tell any stories at all after the first four days and you're just going ask questions and that's actually very obnoxious by the way but I want you to do it in such a way like hey what's your name。

How old do you。Where do you come from？And you're going to do an entire pickup， again。

 10 to 12 approaches a day。Interactions， by the way， not just field ones。

 I want you to really hook these in for at least a few minutes a pop if not really long。

 if not go all the way to going home with a girl， I want you to actually hook in by asking questions with everything from facial expressions to vocal tonality to the leadership vibe of what you're saying。

 the emotion behind it so look at this it's not like what do you do where are you from what do you think right it's like hey。

What do you do？There's the reason to ask， what do you do？How old are you？You know it's。

It's very interesting to kind of guess how old you are， how old are you？What's your opinion on X Y Z。

 I could picture you being like this So you see that you're using questions Now what we've done is we've actually sorted out this entire issue because let's be honest。

 major major shortcoming for a lot of guys in the successive women areas。

 they're walking up these boring questions because they don't know how to engage。

 So storytelling for the first four days this week is actually gonna teach you how to engage You're now gonna know how to walk up to anybody and bam just hook them in because you're not asking for compliance。

 You seeing this。 you're not asking for anything。 you're just saying here's a story。

 people are just gonna listen， It's gonna blow your mind when you see this。

 But then in addition to that at some points you're gonna want to be able to ask questions So what we'll do is when you guys fuck girl on the pussy。

😡，Do you wear a condo or no？Just asking， okay， so the idea being like。

 ask the questions so we're getting to。We're getting to the other side of it right we're getting to the point where you don't need to ask questions。

 but then at the same time when you do you could also get a response so first four days story story story story story last three days asking questions and hooking a response because you're asking these questions by the energy the way they're pose the vibe。

 the inquisitiveness the command and those different aspects this is gonna be a very big week I've got a lot of surprises planned I'm also plan to record some infield for these different videos I've just got back from Miami as you can see we're in a different environment now and you it's a lot of censoring work on this but people have asked we're gonna to start doing me doing some of the stuff and I love doing it's a lot of fun I'm actually just getting back into game after being out of it for a little while to do the launch so it's kind of fun getting back into and the video have been very relatable so you can expect those as well please keep giving feedback in the tribe I love to read what you're up to and I'm gonna be checking on telegram right after this see what everybody's doing and to announce the new video coming out probably about an hour。

From now， I hope that you're having a great time on the missions， remember storytelling。

 asking questions and the mission starts now。