# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：14第十四周 介绍（更大的视野和目标）：Hot Seat Introduction (Bigger Picture and Goals)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，There's nothing that I'm doing that's that great or that impressive。

 But what I do that's great is my process。 And my process is very wellhoned and is' very learnable and transferable to you as the end user。

 So and and not only that， but the process that I use。

 it's not even that you have to use the exact same process as me。

 but rather that if you see the way that I think about it and the way that I built it。

 it gives you kind of food for thought on how you build your process。😊。

So you don't even have to do it exactly like me。 But just when you see how I've kind of structured it。

 it makes sense。 Like I've tilted everything for me to crush it。 like everything in my brain。

 everything in my behavior is all tilted in my favor for me to crush it。

 And everything that's against me has been like stripped away。

 I've just taken a lot of time to do that。 So it's not like what I'm doing is's even super impressive。

 It's just that I thought about it。 I thought about what's necessary。 And I make it work in my favor。

 Okay， so I know how to think about it。 And I know how to go about it。 As long as I do the process。

 you know， I'll always have like fun interactions with people a good nice time。 And you know。

Basically， a good stream of like fairly attractive women。 And then the odd。

 like elite level hot women and so and so forth。 The other thing I also want to say though。

 as much as I talk about hotness here。 For God's sake， when you get into a relationship。

 don't get duped by only going purely off looks。 Don't get duped into that because there's that other like 22。

23 hours that you're not fucking and you've got to deal with her brain。

 If you ever decide how to get married or just like a life partner because you don't really need to get married if you don't want to。

 but just like a life partner。 Remember， a woman is like a puppy。 Okay。

 you know when you dog to puppy。😡，It's this cute puppy， right。

 How long over the course of that puppy of that dog's lifes man。 I it a puppy Not long， right。

 just long enough for you to have these anchors in your mind of how cute it was。

 what has become this big grownup fucking dog。 So like that girl will be that young girl for like half a decade。

 And then forevermore， she's gonna be a dried up Rrinkly prune。

 But she's your dried up wrinkly prune。 So you've gotta love that dried up wrinkly prune。

 And that is why it's like basically you're gonna have like 70 years with a fucking bitch for the five years that she was hot Okay。

 because within five years， she's gonna be old anyway， So at that point。

 if you're in a life partnership， you're suck with the brain。 So focus on the brain。

 Okay in long in a life partnership Bra brain， brain， brain， brain， brain brain。

 Also lack of divorce liability。 Okay because a lot of these hot chicks are entitled to shit and they'll fucking take you to the fucking cleaners and they think they earned it like all this shit。

 not to say that。B girls could do that， too， though， to be fair。 I think any girl could do that。

 But I don' think any guy could be like a fucking di shit， too。 So that's not a manwoman thing。

 That's just a human thing。 That's important to realize。 Okay，3040s gonna hit。

 And you know with life extension these days， you could be with that chick till。 She's like 100。

 Okay， So so like she's gonna be old for 60 to 70。 like no， no， no， no， I just got the math wrong。

 This is worse than I thought。 check this out。 I was gonna say that for 60% of the time that you're with her。

 she's old， that's not even true。 because if you got her I'd say 25。

You had her at 25 to 30 for five years。 And then if she made it to 100。

 there's 70 years where you've got her over 30。 and there's five years where you had her under 30。

 So basically， what's， I don't even know the math on that， but it can't be good。 Yeah。

 It's fright math， right， But see that here's the cool part。

 You're gonna go bald and your are gonna start sagging and you're gonna be gross you're gonna be gross together。

 So it's okay， trust me， the girls get out the same7 are about us too， So basically。

 if you're gonna get older with a girl。 Like if you decide to have that route。

 then focus more on the brain。 Okay， so that's just a side point。 I think it's important。

 Like like if I see a guy who's got like a new girlfriend like it's a new girlfriend。

 She's a fucking bitch。 like you're not Like you're being poisoned because the most important thing with a woman。

 in my opinion， is that you're stronger by her presence in your life。

 fall that You're stronger and more focused by her presence in your life。 In other words。

 would you be more focused and stronger if you're single and just playing the field or by having her in your life Are you actually focus and less distracted。

And you'll find this as you get a lot older。 I'm telling you it's the shared history。

 I'm telling you， I'm telling you， I'm telling you， I'm telling you like at 36。

 like you just really miss your ex's。 like even if you like left on bad terms like I just miss you you're my friend。

 have all shared experiences。 My new girlfriend you must get the point where you feel like you have a girlfriend starter pack。

 know's like look， here's a fucking。 Here's all my stupid fucking stories。 Here's all weird singer。

 just watch fucking video Call me next week。 you restart with some new girl like this whole fucking thing。

 So like a lot of time having a girl shared history。

 that's very powerful because like decades long bond it's very。

 especially as you get older like that shared history is more meaningful than like bang a new hose。

 So maybe I don't know。 But you see my point。 So just think like when you're younger。

 you want to experience what you experience。 And then when you're older。

 you've got the skill set to meet a girl who meets your in the direction that you want to go to The number one thing also。

😊，To watch out with relationship is what's what I like to call poison drip。

 It's where your soul is slowly ripped out of you by the relationship without your knowledge because it happens very slow。

 Okay， has anyone here ever had that happen before。 yeah yeah。

 it's pretty crazy don't even know how fucked up you are that you just become the shell of your former self because basically anytime that you're in a good mood or like getting some confidence or swagger going The girls just like starts crying about random shit and you're dealing fucking like all this fucking bullshit and it's just bullshit。

 so guys also do that to guys will beat their girlfriend yell them they cant can't female friends alien them from male friends alien from gay friends all couples do this le energy off other It's a sketchy in relationship to be for have they have kind energizing quality but you your end to another side note I am not qualified to teach that but theres probably three books that I recommend。

To look into that。 Okay， one is crucial conversations。 Any girl who I'm seeing。

 I start immediately conditioning on crucial conversations。 I get her reading it。

 I get her practicing it。 Okay， without that book and those types of techniques。 You are screwed。

 So I would urge you to build that into relations called crucial conversations。 Yeah， I don't know。

 yeah， I believe in them so much that I spent like10 Gr you know。

 whatever I spent to bring them into my organization， because it's that critical。 Okay。

 the other one is the way the superior man by David data。 that teaches you not to be a pussy。😊。

And then Men from Mars Win from Venus。 that teach you not to be an asshole。Okay。

 so way a superior man teach you not to be a pussy。 That's David data。

Men are from Mars women from Venus。 that you should not to be an asshole。 Okay。

 Most guys that are new。 They need to read the way the Super man， guys that are piimping it hard。

 They need to read John Gray。Okay， to learn how to be nice because like my biggest problem is I can be too much of a dick。

 What you attract is what you are。 So when you make yourself a good positive person。

 even if there's a lot of crazy girls out there， you want to become that high vibration。

 good positive solid dude。 So you're more likely to attract a solid， positive cool girl。

 And they're out there。 It's a diamond in the rough。 Go find him。

 become that guy getting bitter or frustrated or like in defense mode。

 that's not getting necessarily held that。 at the same time， being naive isn't good either。

 I always call that， by the way， The naive to jaded threshold。 guys say that with me。

 The naive to jaded threshold or continue him or whatever you want to call it。

 So you want to be somewhere towards the middle。 maybe even a little bit towards naive。

 I'll tell you why。😊，Whoers ever dated a girl who's in her 30s。 A bunch of guys screwed over。

 and she's jaded。 And it's like she's this crusted old cunt because of guys that fucked her up。

 Anyone you have experience like that。 You don't want to be that guy。

 You don't want to be the male version of that where you're like， yeah， Susie hurt me。

 I don't trust you。 I don't trust women。 And she'll like that， don't be that guy at the same time。

 Don't be that idiot who sends his girlfriend of Vegas and is like getting fucking。

 she's suck in 10 Ds。 And he's like， oh， Susie is doing great。 You know， So， you know。

 let's get married。 No preup Like， you know， So。😡，So there's see the continuum here that's why we call it a continuum。

 So， you know， it's like R SD。 we actually folks on making guys a little more jaded， frankly。

 because most guys that come into it are so naive。 But then guys that have been in it for a while。

 I've got to be like， slow down。 know， like actually， there's like great women out there。 Slow down。

 we compliment each other。 Slow down， become the kind of guy that can complement a women and attract your really compliments you。

 This material will help you to achieve that。 This material will help you to learn how to be good with women in general。

 It will teach you how to have a dating life。 It will teach you how to get very cute。

 fairly hot girls with a very high level consistency。

 It will teach you how to bring home trolls when you're having a rough night。 and it and to。😊。

Get some good karma doing that。 And then and it will teach you how to pull home absolute stutters periodically throughout the year of which you can continue seeing those girls。

 And after a year two of doing it， you can have a rotation of like just drop dead gorgeous。

 amazing girls。 typicallyy my rotation。 I'll have a couple girls that are just like stunners。

 a couple girls that are like just really smart but attractive。

 And then even a couple girls like not as hot as you'd expect me to be with or maybe even older than you'd expect me to be with。

 but they're just really fucking smart， really fucking cool。 So if you meet them like， wow。

 she's amazing。 Like I did a 41 year old this year who was like the coolest chi like ever。

 and and she's like know， dated billionaires And like beauty queen type girl。 But she's 41。

 But she's also an entrepreneur with like her own little like click of like underlings and shit。

 It was pretty awesome。 So you know， that was neat that was like a really cool experience。

 She had a nicet body。 know， but older than I'd be used to。

 But what a great experience that was just by opening my mind up。😊。

DatingDifferent women I carry that forward with me。

 right So a lot of like you what I teach is like the women who I've been with have a great influence on me。

 Women were the one that taught me to like relax， just like stop being so guarded。 you know。

 actually like just like flow， just be in the moment， enjoy laugh， have fun。

 Like women offer that to us as guys。 if it weren't for women， we would never dress well。

 we would never fucking like accomplish how the shit that we accomplish。

 we wouldn't we wouldn't we just be like these like Mr。

 spotock guys like garbage bags like logic like all day。

 like how do I just achieve this or that women make us slow down， They make us laugh。

 They make us have fun。 Think how much fun you have going out to say bars and clubs。 guys。

 like the group of us aren't gonna start laughing and joking and dancing like that。 There's no way。

 I mean， that'd be like the most homoerotic possible environment。

 which actually later today and they exercise look like that So maybe maybe I spoke prematurely， but。

😊，The point being is like。I guess like whats he's saying。 So what do I get into， But it's like。

 you know， women get us laughing， they get us having fun and they bring the best out of us。

 And youll also and what you'll get out of this is you'll get a chance to get higher quality women。

 You'll get a chance。 And here's the big one。😊，When a girl breaks up with you。

 you're not gonna be fucking destroyed。 you will be destroyed over it。

 but you'll have a way to deal with it。 You'll never be in that deep fear around women anymore。

 You'll be able to relax。 And likewise， you'll build a lot of personal confidence。

 transformation and social skills。 This is of course about cold approach pickup。

 And I teach a lot of self-development stuff in RD。 And I love that stuff。

 But a lot of guys come up to me on the street and they're like， oh dude， I love RD。 I'm like， oh。

 thank you。 And they're like， but that pickup shit you just kind of weird。 And I'm like， okay。

 right And they're like， I'm more into the self development side。 know。

 like more in the self- development side。 What's funny though， is all the most badass guys。

 I know have done at least a year or two of cold approach pimp。

 And the reason why I see that is because take meditation。 I love meditation， avid meditator。

 It's helped me in so many ways。 my quality of life。

 like my actual quality of my life experiences is so transformed by a simple act of doing 20 minutes of meditation a day in streets。

 I'm a yoy meditator。 I don't even stay on it。 but。At least from the those chunks I' done。

 it's been so powerful now。When I don't go out and game， I tend to not meditate。 Then what happens。

 I go in my game。 and they'll be some really hot girl， and I get nervous。 I go trapped in my head。

 I start overanaz it。 And then I'm like， oh shit。 This is fucking bullshit。

 if I would have just been like more relaxed and present， I would have got that girl。

 But instead I got all fucking nervous and weird。 You see that。😡，So what happens， bangang。

 I start doing meditation again。Right， so it's very common that when you go out。

 it snaps you into gear。 So a lot of guys will be like， you know。

 shouldn't you tell a guy to get shape first， tell them to get better clothes first。

 maybe tell to meditate first， maybe tell them to develop himself first。

 What I find is that when you go out regularly， you get a pie rubbed in your face so fucking hard that you start doing these things anyway。

 It actually instigateates you to do it。 And as far as fashion goes。

 I'm not gonna tell a guy that doesn't go out to cool places to change his clothes because he's gonna buy the dragon shirt。

 He's gonna get the superimp dragon this cool because he doesn't go out So if you go out。

 you become like what you surround yourself with when you're going to super cool super flyly fucking bars and clubs and shit and there's cool people around and they're welldress and they're in shape and they're funny。

 you start to become like them。 you can also take on their back qualities you don't want to start drinking and doing drugs crazy shit。

 So you want to take the good and avoid the bad。 So going out is massive。

 it really is a dynamic version of self development。

Like one of the reasons I love teaching a pickup is you can see if it's working or not。

With the meditation or general selfhelp， where's the gauge to see if his's working or not。

 I love it when I can take a guy on boot camp and you can watch him actually progress as he's becoming more present as he's putting himself out there more right there like putting yourself through the fire of going out and approaching people is very different from general self helpp。

 You know， I'm developing。 Like， I'm realizing I， I mean the matrix。

 And I'm like evolving my consciousness。 It's like， okay， awesome。😊，Can you talk to her？I'm。No。

 I I gotta go get all more out of the matrix。 you know， right， It's like， fuck that。 Okay， so it's。

 you know， if you're really out of the matrix， you could go talk to her， so。Basically。

 that's why I absolutely love this type of stuff。 Okay， it's like， it's， it's something that really。

 and here's the best part of it， too。 It really provokes you as a guy to fucking step it up because you're working with the inclinations of your DNA。

 You want to be working with your DNA。 Your DNA likes sex。 So because of that。

 it will motivate you to crush it。 Okay， now， let me give an example of this。

 so my roommate is big mic。 Big mic runs like a $60 million year。😡，Nutrient company。

 It's actually marijuana nutrients。 He's my roommate。 You know， we just have a lot in common。 like。

 you know， kind of fringe business and so， you， we just got a lot in common。

 He's been through the rig in the press I have， you know， So it's like we kind of on right。

 So big  Mike， he'll bring， he'll bring me in。 So one time he brought me in to work with the staff And one time he paid me 30 grand。

 So I worked with staff for couple days， He paid me 30 Gs。 Well。

 how do you think I acted in my teaching for those three days。😊，And bust my mother fucking ass。

 He made 30 G got， right， I bust my ass。 Now， did I bust my ass for the 30 Gs， though。 No。

 I bust him my as because I want to do my best job。 I want to help him。 Now。

 another time as we got to know each other for another year。 He said， you know。

 could you come in and help my team。 I saw went in。 And I did my best job。

 But what I found was I would just kind of like less engaged by it was。

 it was harder to motivate myself to do a great job。 Now， here's funny。 I care about him more now。

 a year later。😊，The last year。But I couldn't do quite as good of a job。 Why is that。

 It's mental engagement。 Okay， the mind tends to sit there in this kind of cloudy state where in this cloudy。

 fucking state。 And then when the DNA sees something that it wants， it will engage。

 And the thinking becomes very focused， very engaged， very proactive。 And then we makes it happen。

 so。Have you ever noticed that like there's these things that you know you should do。

 but you just can't get your mind to focus on it。 It's because your DNA doesn't have your back。

 Your DNA is like， oh， that's nice。Fuck off。 And you just can't get yourself to do it。

 So that's because， again， there's no ski in the game。 When you learn pick。

 one of the great things about it is that because it's motivating you to do other great things for yourself。

 you have the ski in the game of I will get sex from this。 Now， that's good and bad。

 What can be bad about that。😡，What's the bad part， What's the good part， Okay， really what you want。

 if I had if I had a pen and paper here， I would create a little。

 a little chart a little piece of artwork。 And the piece of artwork would say you and your happiness。

 And then it would have a thing that says women， health， relationships， wealth， career， passions。

 hobbies， friends， and you'd be at the center。 women would just be one of it。

 So you don't want to make women to center And the reason you have friends， is because of women。

 The reason that you're getting money is because the reason you're getting fits because of women。😊。

True， right， Otherwise， your game will never be at his peak。 At the same time， though。

 let's be honest when you're not doing as well as you want with girls and it starts motivating you to kick ass in other areas of your life。

 How fast does that kick your fucking ass in gear if we're being honest。😡。

Anyone have experience with this。 Yeah， kicks your ass and fucking gear like that。 It really does。

 It's amazing what guys will do for women。 We really will。

 So feed off of it and then get crazy momentum with it to improve every area of your life。

 And then from there， you know， once you realize that youve got it kind of has its own self-staining momentum。

 now you don't have to worry about as much。 Like right now， I could go out 6，7 days a month。

 And I could still progress consistently。 A my old momentum of it。 Where in the past。

 I'd have to go like every night。 So， you know， I could probably even go out four days a month。

 And I would still keep improving just for four days a month。 my progress is still be good。

 I want you to know the bigger picture of why you're doing what you're doing。

 no one ever said that when you start getting a lot of sex， you're gonna be happier。

 I will tell you right now that if you start getting a lot of sex is really hot girls。

 Probably you will have a net negative of emotions。Over positive。 Let me tell you why。 Yes。

 you'll have her nice hot tone body to rub your dick against， but you'll also have jealousy。

 paranoia， neediness， drama arguments。 It's a net negative。 It's funny as men。

 how we fight our way into a relationship ship。 And then in the end， we fight our way out。

 We're crazy， right， You fight like， I get to get her。 She's amazing。 Like all shit。

 And then by the end of it，'re like I gotta get out of this shit。 How do I get out。

 and you fight your way out。 It's like like Like， get out。

 It's like like a sealty mission and out of a prison。 so。😊，So basically， except instead of like。

 you know， like to rescue somebody's like to leave a nut there and then to get out。 For example。

 money， you guys think to you had all this money to be happy。 I promise you。

 if if you haven't built that slowly， if you don't have an appreciation for where that money came from。

 from the context behind the process of getting it。 you're not ready to have that。

 And that's what happens when somebody， the， the tree grows too tall for the roots。

 So you need an equal amount of roots as tree。 The roots is the heartache。 The pain。😊。

The challenge the bumps in the road and overcoming those。 And then when the wind comes， it's like。

 you know the roots and and the tree have equal proportion。

 And then you have an understanding of the process and it's completely natural that you be at that place。

 And you can really enjoy then。 You know like if you've actually gone out and you've had to struggle to learn how to be good with girls。

 And then you get to a point where you are good with girls and you got a beautiful in your bed。

 you can just relax and take it for what it is as a win this part of a larger process。 But you know。

 if you just get a girl like that。 And it's just it's too quick， you're gonna get fear， drama。

 anxiety， you're not ready for it。 Okay， you're not ready for something like that。

 So don't don't use as an excuse not to go crush it。

 I want you to go pull great girls as soon as you can。

 but also realize that you're in a process here。 You're in a journey。

 And no one ever said that getting girls ultimately make you happy。 In fact。

 if I see a guy who's just getting girls。 but he doesn't have other areas of his life handled to me。

 it doesn't even count。 It doesn't。it's like， if I build like， say。

 a $500 million year revenue business， but I don't spend time with my children， it doesn't count。

Like if you， if a guy tells you， yeah， you know， I， I built a million dollar year revenue company。

 I'd never see my kids， but， you know， I built it。In my mind， that's not impressive。

 It's kind of impressive。In a way， of course， obviously， right， But in a way。

 it's just completely unimpressive because it's like， well。

 you spent no time with your children like that you you'， you're fucked， you fucked up。 you blew it。

 right， It's like if you built a big business， but you killed your health。

 What was the point You blew it。 If you learn to get laid and you fuck all these girls。

 But then your career just goes to complete shit。😡。

What was the point was you could rub in a hole and then your career shit？So to me。

 it's not about who has the most success by ignoring other areas。

 It's about who's able to maintain a good， healthy direction in every important area while also having success and how much success can you have within that context。

 also。It's okay to deviate and go extreme for a period of time。

 If you want to let other areas your life fall off for a year or two。 I mean， some people would say。

 no， it always has to be balanced。 I'm not an agreement with that。

 I think it's okay to have periods of unbalanced。 But you know。

 say spend a year or two kind focusing on this。 Don't do any permanent damage。

 Like you fail out of school the point。 You're not back in。 But let's say for two years。

 You kind didn't do as many classes。 and you did this obsessively。

 You got the results that you wanted。 It was fun。 You enjoyed the process of it。

 You got value out of it。 And then like okay， gotta put back to classes。 That's okay。

 but don't make that an excuse to just never put back to classes。

 Like you just keep waiting and waiting I'm gonna keep F girl number 3000 Imimp。

 know And then your life is screwed。 So don't do that。 That would be。If you get 300， we'll talk。

 maybe maybe but you see even then though， that's pretty crazy right， especially too。

 because really if you're getting great girls， you should be keeping them around。

 Like if a guys like racking it up racking up like。

 did you get anybody that was like that exceptional that youd want to keep them around spend some additional time of them。

 So understand that right So I want you to think of this is a larger journey。

 I want you to know why you're doing it， what you're trying to get out of it， what your goals are。

 you know， is it things like to be able to come into any environment and have that core confidence where you are a value offering cool dude in any environment。

 and there's like no bullshit around， You know what I'm saying， I that a goal， I it confidence。

 I this social skill goal， I it control over your own energy， I it a learning about psychology goal。

 one thing I love about game， I the dynamic intelligence， I love that about game， I love that。

 It's so dynamic。 it's one thing that academic or book smarts。

 It's another thing to have dynamic intelligence where there's like moving factor。😊。

And differents happening。 And you're being responsive to it in real time， like street smarts。

 But street smarts related to women。 that would be a mismatch， right， like like gang banger you know。

 woman， but。Basically， street smarts， where it's actually like real awareness and the ability to respond to situations。

 This will teach you all that。 It's fantastic。 Okay， now， the process by which we do this。

 essentially。😊，If we got a lot， we do a lot of approaches and we learn from each approach。 Now。

 just approaching and going boom， boom， boom boom like learning from different or just going boom。

 boom， boom and not learning from it， that doesn't really accomplish that much。

 You've got to learn from it， Okay， So you've got to ask yourself， Was I too aggressive。

 Was I too passive， What kind of mood was I in， What could I do to control my mood。

 What could I have done to be in a better mood， What could I done if I'm in a bad mood。

 not to resist it。 What was the girls's person I like， how did I match up with her。

 How did I feed into her agenda， And how does all that take place。

 And and basically understanding that that is how you improve。 Okay。

 basically you learn from seeing it done Well， So it's like。

 say you want to get better at shooting basketball。😊，If you just sit there like being like， whoshsh。

 like not even like the proper form， but just whosh like this。

 And then you just throw ball after ball for fucking five years。😡，Like this， like。

 you might develop a cool， like。Qudriccept muscle or glutes。 But you see what I'm saying right。

 Like you wouldn't be getting better at it。 But if you're looking at how them properly And then you keep adjusting within that context and you're learning more about it while you're taking a lot of shots。

 then you'll become an amazing shooter if you're taking a shitload of shots。

 So I'm not advising like a blind， just like like just like some meathead approach。

 although probably you would learn from that too to be real。 But you know。

 because even a guy doing this would probably eventually think to like do this right know。

 he might think of that at some point。 So it's always gonna be taking action。

 But basically the lifestyle is that for the next。Really what I say is I go look。

 I just give this like 18 to 36 months。 Like， can you。

 can you take 18 to 36 months of just when you see a girl， you just go chatter。 And on the weekend。

 you go to bars and clubs are anywhere high volume and you go meet a lot of girls。 Can you do that。

 And if you can， if you can commit to that process。 just for like， you know。

 a year and a half to three years， maybe the changes that you will get are so crazy。 It's ridiculous。

 And like I said， you don't have to become some master pickup artist。 Look， like。Like。

What's a master pick artist this， right， It's like some term online。 Really。

 what you want to become is just cool dude， who knows how to engage。 Okay， and you will get that。

 But you get it from putting in your time and slow progress。 All right。

 so that's kind of a bigger picture。 Now， why do we do that。

 Because you've got to know why you're doing it。 Whatever I teach here。😊。

Can't stick unless you're ready to really do this。 You've got to commit to doing this。 And look。

 a big reason why you bring me in。 if we're gonna be honest is that I'm jazzed up about it。 Okay。

 so my enthusiasm for it。 It's meant to transmit into you。 So like my。

 my job It's not just teaching it。 It's actually transmitting my enthusiasm for this on you。

 so you're like， okay， I could see myself doing it。 Otherwise， you're not gonna continue doing it。

 and you won't get compliance。 Let me say another thing about that。 too。 Okay， this is big。

 I will not do anything that's not fun point blank period in my life。

 nothing that's not fun is we're doing only with the exception of it。

 something's an emergency is something just got to get done occasionally。

 there's exception to the rule。 but I will not live a lifestyle。 Okay， let me reframe it them。

I will do things that aren't fun。If it's an exception。If it's just got to get done。

 it's got to get done。 That's life。 But I will not consistently commit to a lifestyle of something that's not fun。

 Don't do it。 Here's why。You will not outpower your natural inclinations。

 it's just not gonna happen without hurting part of your soul。 So， for example。

 let's say you do a diet。 Any can eat chicken and broccoli for 30 days。 That's not impressive。

 it's more impressive than not doing anything at all。 But to me， that's not impressive。

 anybody can go chicken and broccoli for 30 days like fuck food。 I don't care about taste food。

 F food， like that， right， But after like a month or two。

 you crack and you'll go back in the opposite direction。

 you will literally crack start pounding ice cream pizza。 It's out of control。

 So what you've gotta do is in that first month that the diets unpleasant。 fine。

 but teach yourself how to cook。 Maybe learn how to like， you know， take you know。

 coconut and put some cacao powder on it and fuck you know。😡，You know， you could do you know。

 avocado based food don' whatever the fuck it is， right， But find stuff that actually tastes good。

 So eventually eating healthy is not a chore。 It actually tastes fucking awesome。

 You love the food you're eating。 Youve got to get to the point that you love it。

 And then you'll keep doing it。 People don't want to do shit。 That's not fun。 Okay。

 Arnold Schwartzzenegger。 He was talking about Priuses。 And this is before the test ever came out。

 And he's like， look， don't tell me to drive an electric car that looks stupid。😊。

Don't give me the shit。 If it looks stupid。 like， remember， I said earlier， like。

 if you didn't take care of your kids and you made all the money doesn't count。

 If you made an electric car， it doesn't look cool， doesn't count。Think about that for a minute。

If you got you create an electric car， but it doesn't look cool， it doesn't count why。

No one fucking drive it。 Who here wants to drive a car doesn't look cool。

 Nobody wants to drive a car doesn't look cool。 What you think that's because you're like not spiritually evolved。

 no。😡，You could be spiritually evolving someone like cool。😀Who doesn't want look cool。

 Of course you do， right Like， come on， Like， in what reality does someone not wantan to look cool。

 And they， well， you know， I'm like nert chic。 that's still cool， dude。 Like its like you know。

 like going being the contrarian。 That's cool too。 So everybody wants to be cool。

 Everybody wants to eat food the taste good。 Everybody wants to have sex with girls that's fun to have sex like everybody wants to have fun。

 Nobody wants to shit。 that's not fun。 Anything that I do like if I'm doing even hard work。

 I will crack jokes like a maniac the whole time when I get intense business discussions with people I work with the more tense it gets。

 the more I'll start cracking jokes。 And like it is very serious serious I'm like so my God。

 that' joke and joke and joke and joke。 I'll talk about how I'm gonna like put my dick in their intern's mouth And I'm gonna fucking like I I'm gonna take their interns and like keep them for me like shit like that I' won't do this deal like I get his like short intern that will have sex with me all day。

 Like just random shit。 that just cracks out the room。😊，And the reason why is because think about it。

 if I'm running a business with multiple people， there's gonna be tense negotiations or tense of business conversations for the next 50 fucking years。

 Do I want to be in this reality wrong， I got to do whatever it takes to get this shit done like all this like stress myself out and die young。

 fuck no， if I had to stress myself to get it done doesn't count。 only if it was an exception。

 if it was an exception like just some， you know， like。

 I'd love to say that the Julian fiasco was like really funny。 I mean， I mean， maybe， But， you know。

 like certain things have to get done that are pretty our core。 But basically。

 you gotta have fun doing it。 Okay， and we laughed a lot during that， You know， it was actually。

 I mean， you gotta laugh。 You know， like come on dude。😊，Right。

 they're making up that much bullshit about you。 You gotta find some humor in it。 So basically。

 it's like， you got to find， you gotta find a way to laugh through it。 Well， same thing with game。

 If you're doing game in a way that's not fun， it doesn't count。

 I don't care if you had sex with like 10 playbo playmates like whole fucking shit。

 If you got all stressed out and it's just like this fucking intense stress out shit doesn't count。

 You want to why， because you're gonna stop。😡，You're not gonna keep doing it。

 You're good unless you're just a glutton for pain。 like， just a glut for fucking pain。

 And I love And in that case， that's fun for you。 So you're calling it not fun。

 But it is you just like pain， right you're like an S and M T guy。 like， yeah， put in my ass， daddy。

 You know， like make it hurt， daddy。 but you like it。 So still， is' still fun。 So。😊，Okay。

That's why my speech is out of fun。 It's funny， too， because guys They're like。

 I need to learn the solution for game。 And then I start joking with them。 And they're like。

 but what's the solution。 I need a solution。 I came here。 And all you're doing is joking。 I'm like。

 du， What is game， It's fun。 You've got to build your game in a way that's fun。

 So can you guys commit But for the next， maybe year and a half。

 maybe three years that you're gonna to learn successcces with women。

 but that you're gonna make it fun。😊，Can you commit to not stressing over it， Maybe the odd time。

 Fair enough， we can all stress the odd time。 Sometimes if you stress， you。

 you power through fair enough。 But in general， you got to see the humor in it。

 and you have to understand it's a journey。That you're gonna build a context。 Okay。

 so that's what I want to get you to commit to。 If you do this， the payoff is huge。

 I want you to think now of the most higher noble reasons that you want to learn this。

 the most day to day practical reasons you want to learn this and lower base level reasons you want to learn this。

 So a higher level one could be like to be a greater role model for your kids。

Cause maybe your dad didn't teach us you。 A day to day one is， hey。

 I just want to actually experience some good sex in my life。You know。

 before maybe I get a life partner。Before I adopt a puppy that soon grows into a large dog。

And on the low end， I want to stick it to that kid from high school that didn't believe in me or some shit like that。

 because， frankly， your mind will alternate between those states。 Like。

 you should always try to say higher self。 But what's the reality， guys。

 Does anybody stay in higher self all the time， Unless your name is Ehart toll。

 You are not in higher self all the time。 Okay， I promise you。

 So you're gonna go into that petty mode。 So think of right now。

 just think of any reasons why there's a payoff to your higher self， Day to day self and lower self。

 Okay， think that over right now。Okay， who give me an example of a hire someone just shoot out at me。

To to learn mastery so you can help others to master a skill so that you can go through that journey。

 help others great I want to have a better connection with people。 Great， great practical reason。

 Yeah， who wants to learn game just to fuck some girls。 Great reason why。

 don't let anyone tell you otherwise。 don't let anybody who says that's not a valid reason can fuck off。

 not fuck off。 Okay， anybody that tells you not to have fun in life。 F off。

 anybody that tells you like you shouldn't have cool shit or make money or get laid can go fuck themselves。

 because those people are not in some higher consciousness。 They're probably in lower consciousness。

 people that are in a higher consciousness。 Presate。 want you to go have fun。

 So don't even give me the shit。 Okay， now， like certainly， as I've done more meditation。

 I'm not like I want to less fuck that。 Okay， let's go enjoy life。 Now。

 how about a lower conscious reason。😡，Dempress。 Yeah， so then other people go damn， dude。

 Like I gotta admit admit， it's kind of cool that every X I've ever had hits me up。 But it iss like。

 this is the worst decision I ever made in my life。 I don't regret this forever。

 I feel simultaneously。 I feel terrible about it。 And I'm like God， I I， I hate this。

 And I want you to win。And yet。It doesn't hurt myself。 Esteem， does it。 Okay， it's not what I want。

I want them to not want it。 But given that it is like that， It's pretty cool。

 Do you guys get Im saying here I don't walk around like that。

 But when I've in that low trollish mood。 And I'm like like I'm regret that and that's okay because we all get in a mood And anybody that tells you they don't get in a mood like that。

 can fuck off because that you don't saying right， that's like pomp I' never get rejected。

 I never make out with a chubby girl， I never get in a petty mood shut up， you're human， Okay。

 stop trying to be fucking nonhuman。 All so it's just like human fucking being。 Okay。

 it's like sometimes like I'll be eating like a slice of pizza。

 And like I thought you said don't eat unhealth， I'm like。

 what are you talking about dude occasion I process fucking food。 Like like pretty processed food。

 But say like a pizza I process or not like dude， fucking slice of pizza， I'm hungry。

 I'm fucking cranky。 I didn't sleep that night， I need some pizza fuck off。 Okay。

 and then the other 99% of time you fucking kale。 Okay， so it's just like humans are humans， okay。😡。

I， it's not 99% the tokiale， but it is like 70% the toki。 So you see， Okay， you see my point here。

 right， So it's good to have a range of of desires。 Now， by the way， let's think of the reverse。

 the pain points。 What is they a higher self pain point of in five years if you don't learn this。

 What's gonna happen。😊，Say at on a higher level， what great goal might not you accomplish？Okay。

 that's very practical。 That's like a day to day practical concern。 Miss a job opportunity。 be alone。

 Sure like that。 That's very practical。 How about a higher level shit。

 not making an impact because you didn't even stick to this。 What are you gonna stick at。

 That's a higher self pain point。 Day to day。 I didn't get down the kind of sex I want is kind of frustrating looking all this porn and maxim covers。

 You didn't get a piece of that。 It kind of sucks And how about a lower one。

 You'll be laughed at You won't be a pimp。That's not cool。O。😊，You won't be a pimp。

 Where is everyone just write that。 So okay， so you see what I'm getting out here， right。

 So you want to actually have leverage on yourself。 So and really。

 what's kind of crazy is for all of those ones of like your motivations or your pain points。

 you could even flesh that out because you can be like on a higher level1， if I accomplish this。

 How would I feel， And then if I felt like that， What could I do here。 And then what could I do here。

 What could I do here， What could I do here and how could that go up。

 And like you could look at that from the higher self motivation。

 data practical concern motivation and lower petty selfmo。 And like wasn in the pain points。

 how much can those go to downward spiral， how much bad shit can happen And how would you feel。

 and then you can feed off of that。 Okay， so you want to have sorted this out， because if you don't。

 I can show you the best material that I can show you， but you will not execute on it。

 So it's important that you understand the larger journey Why you're doing it。

 what what you're trying to get to what you're trying to avoid the larger journey itself。

 the process behind the journey， Gro the roots。The journey and， you know。

 the outcomes that you're looking for here。 Okay， and when you get that。

 you'll have what's called a sense of urgency。 So do you remember I said earlier that when I first learned success of women。

 I drove around for like two years， And the，'s say I was making 20 grand a year。

 the opportunity costs。 sayy it was like 40 grand sleeping on couches and stuff。You guys。

 you take this program， much less expensive。But what is the advantage that I had， What's that called。

 The advantage that I had， I had emotional leverage。 I had skid in the game at the major term。

 I had a sense of urgency。 So you want to maintain a sense of urgency and you want to be good at stoking that sense of urgency。

 Okay， you got to stoke it。That sense of urgency is so quickly lost。

 People who can maintain a sense of urgency towards important areas always will outperform those who do not。

 even the people that are more talented than them。So that's why sometimes if you've through a lot of pain with this or if it's a hard area。

 you do better because you have a high sense of urgency。

 whereas guys like they're pretty good at already。 it's like， they don't have a sense of urgency。

 So I'm very good at providing a spark into people。 Like even with like my staff and shit。 I'm like。

 come on。 We're gonna learn Snapchat this。 You know， And there're just like Snapchat。 You know。

 It's kind of stupid。 It's Snapchat。 It's not kind of stupid。 It's fucking stupid。

 But I'll pump myself up。 So get good at pumping yourself up to do shit。

 There's a difference between wood and could。 anybody could learn game。

 But very few people would learn game。😡，You guys see the difference。 Anybody could。 Anybody。

 then there's always that one guy。 What about a guy has a troll。 He's got fucking like no arms， legs。

 And he fucking has three heads and no j。 I don't know。 I never had a guy like that。

 but I have had a lot of guys that were close in that direction。 And they still learn game。 Yeah。

 So you're talking about pumping yourself up for things。Giving that emotion to other people。

 how do you pump yourself up for things that you don't really care about then you shouldn't do it。

 Okay Yeah， or admit to yourself that you do care。 admit it。

 because a lot of shit that you say you don't care about。 But yet you wouldn't have asked about it。

 if you don't kind of recognize on some level that you kind of do care。 do you follow that。

 You're saying that you don't care about， say it was your health。

 right You're like well I don't really care about my health。

 But the fact that you're still thinking about it on some level。

 there's at least a seed in there that does care。 So either。

 either admit to yourself that you do care and then use the process that we just did or admit that you don't care and let it go。

Does that make sense。Great， okay， Okay， thanks。 Yeah， because there is a lot of time like。

 you say you don't care。But you totally do。 You totally fucking do Like and frankly。

 what's that like' that that or even just like hiding it or even just like you actually mostly don't care。

 but you can still acknowledge that it's gonna cause you problems that you probably should fix it In which case。

 pump yourself up。 Game is a big one trust me。 I walk around through the streets hard for I love I'm not that much the pickup。

 I'm like something about sex。 There's like six months ago， I' admit it。 care I don't really care。

 I'm like， admit it。 I'm like and then a certain point。

 just commit to learning game for a little bit。 And then you won't have to make this delusion to yourself。

 Yeah， I try to get coaches for everything。 by the way。

 I can't even fucked to not take courses or not get coaches。

 to me it like no brainer my time is so valuable。 I don't need to I'm not so desperate to preserve my ego of greatness。

 Like I'm this great guy that just needs no help。 I go I get help。 find help。 I get good influences。

 I get good circles of influence。 I just move forward if you care more about actual results than you do about your ego。

 You go get fucking pros， people。Experience to give you a hand and give you direction and pump you up。

 Okay you'll see even from an inexpensive course like that。

 you guys will see just the difference this will make a cheaper course like this。

 and like imagine a whole lifestyle know in multiple areas where you try to get help though you have to have finances to pay for help So you try you try to make it to where it's an upward spiral to where you make more money And then you get better influences and help and then you can also attract free help as well because you're higher up on the food chain and people want to help you。

 it's like a spiral。 Okay that's how you want to think of。 you attract cooler friends。

 stuff like that， too having the videos that you guys have available is1 thousand times better than any shit that I ever add like this shit of guys like having a hard time learning game。

 I do a very good job of faking sympathy I'm like is and in my mind。

 I'm like what the fuck wrong with these people it's like like if you're like like the grandpa and you like walk to school like 19 feet of fucking snow while polar bear is attacking you while you're hitting it in shit。

And then your kid has like a car that gets right to school。 like a chilly day。 And like， you know。

 occasionally， he has to like use the battery， like the battery to jump charge it or something' like I to jump charge my car today right you're thinking of a polar bear biting your you have no arm。

 Like you have no arm。 you're like， oh， that's terrible You right because because you'。

 you don't want to be the grandpa， You don't want to be the grandpa It like when I was a boy you dontna be that guy。

 So you try to fake it that's terrible。 But in your mind like what the fuck。 What the fuck。 I'm like。

 you have like more videos within push you can watch you got cheap courses。

 you got inner circle like groups you can join And like oh that you can't get it I'm like I'm like。

 oh yes， it's hard youre gonna get it。 Come on。You know， so you're gonna to get it， right， Like。

 you're gonna， like， there's so many resources at this point。 Like， you can get it。 Okay。

 like if you can't。Just do it。 do it。 Okay， just kidding。 I don't think that， okay。

So was like that one depressed guy like just he told me to。And that was joking。Why do you do that。

 It's all a joke。 Okay， So， yeah， so you'll get it。 Okay， you will definitely get it。

 But you gotta put the time。 right， The guys that can't get it。

 are guys are so steeped in negativity that they can't let it land。

 some guys just can't let the shit land like you could show them like the best thats some pay model。

 take you game with them。 They're like she is just a dumb bitch。

 It's like one thing after another after just excuse by the way。

 it's my very best videos that always elicit the most negativity under them in the comments。

 because like they saw I remember back when I was on forums。

 I was like if only we could make real hidden camera videos and post it so that all the people that don't believe it could be real could finally see that it's real and then they'd all see it。

 they all get。 everybody would get it。 They'd be so happy。 But in reality。

 it's like you post the videos like show you how to do it And people like shit fake fuck you。

re di fuck you kill yourself like all the shit。 kill you and kittens。

 you and kittens in the environment， fuck you all。 And the reason why is because it's like literally like's like they have to dig deeper into rationalization to rationalize。

😊，This fucking bullshit， you know， like， right， So it's just， that's what it is。 But like。

 like we said， it's like we've never made any like super wild claims of this shit。

 basically just like what we say is， look， like， we've never made any claims that you're gonna become Superman。

 All that we've said is that you can create a lifestyle where you go out when girls reject you。

 It's not a big deal。 You'll make friends with a lot of people。

 Some people won't like you and reject you。 Other girls will like you。 And from that， you can have。😡。

A rotation of girls coming through your life。 It's not really that hard to do。 You know't right。

 Like it's like， it's， it's something， the same get an easier hard。 It's a highly achievable thing。

 I do not believe everybody's meant to like everyone。 Okay。

 in the same way that I don't think everyone's meant to like RSD。 And like some people like， really。

 not everyone's meant to。 Hes like， hold up。 The average guy walking down the street does not need to be at the pimping seminar。

 Like， I'm sorry， he has other life priorities。 He doesn't need to be here。 So in the same way。

 not every girl's meant to like me。I'm not every girl's cup of tea。

 I'm not trying to be every girl's cup of tea。 I do not care。 Likewise。

 I want to share good energy with everybody。 I want to have fun with everybody。

 The girl can take it or leave it。 I do not care。 I do not care if a girl wants to take it or leave it。

 It is on her。 It's not my realm to care。😡，I just put out good energy。

 The girl can take it to leave it。 I do not care。 So what I'm not looking to do is to make myself into some gumy or chameleon to a tractor。

 I'm looking to be more congruent with myself and my strengths and to bring out my congruent strengths to the surface so that the girls that I am meant to meet。

 I can meet。 That's my frame of mind。 And so I'm not looking to minimize rejection。

 I'm not looking I'm not on some like ego field approval quest。 I'm not to have fun share positivity。

 My main philosophy in all this is I want to treat the world like it's the town square。

 Like who heres ever to Mexico in certain place they called a Zkolo。 and it'll be like a town square。

 and everybody's out just chatting with each other。

 Like some hot girl could be chatting some old grandpa。😊，You know， people are all just having fun。

 they're chatting， They're dancing around。 They're doing things for free， maybe catching a ball。

 maybe doing some dancing， right， People are having good times。

 You know good that feels one of the best days of my life。 I modeled after this。 was in Canada。

 And were you guys around in maybe 2002 or so when there was a power outage in the entire eastern seaboard。

 anybody remember that。 I don't know what it was like down here。 But in Canada。

 it was the weirdest thing。 that was one of the best of my life。

 And the reason why it was because everybody， there was， there was no electricity。

 everybody just went out in the street and everybody was cool because it kind weird like whole grid scary。

 So everybody was super cool to each other。 And everybody was just talking and having fun。

 Was it like that down here。 anybody like that。 was just scary got robbed like mobbed。

 in Kinginston where I was from。 Everybody was out on Princes Street Division。

 everybody was just cha having fun。 It like that's what life should actually look like。

 with all our technology， We've lost that It's crazy。 So what。😊。

🎼Like to do is I like to bring that back。 I like to make it to where that can be regular life。

 I love that， you know， So that to me， it's like， I go out。 and I just have fun with everybody。

 I have a great night。 And it's just like， it's just very positive， very fun。

 And like everyone's my friend。 And the odd person might be a little upt。

 It like my friends in a bad mood。 Let go calm down。 And then I just keep moving。

 So that's my general friend。 That's what I want to get you guys too。

 Okay So you'll see how my games evolved， by the way。

 And you'll see how like later in my more recent clips， how I've embody that a lot more。

 have fun with like everybody the whole night。 I'm having fun like I'm like making out with fucking Hawk girls。

 less girls， random people chatting， joking with people clowning with people cl with everybody。

 And you see how the momentum goes up and up over the night。 It's really cool。😊。

