# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：08第八周 任务6：08. Week 8 - Mission 6【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

It's own were in Philadelphia this morning and what we're gonna be doing for our mission this week is revealing to you the secret of how to go out for an entire night of meeting women and not only not get tired or run down or you know kind of beat up over it but actually walk away with massive massive energy so the end of the night you're just fucking crushing it you feel incredible and the way that we're gonna be doing that is by delving into what I like to call the three fatigues All right so I thought this mission would be perfect because I'm really tired this week I just come up a program actually fucking killed it and it's funny because when I go out after a night of seminaring maybe say to a boot camp a lot of people will say to me oh。

How are you going go out and meet women tonight， You look so tired。

 There's just no way you could do it doing even seven orring for 12 hours。

 How could you possibly go out for another four hours and go and meet girls Well first of all。

 the most obvious answer is that meeting women is fun but at the same time if you're new to meeting women or maybe you're not that good at it yet you're still learning it might not sound that fun The reason it might not sound that fun is because you have anxiety about whether or not you should talk to certain girls or maybe you feel like you're putting on a persona or maybe you feel like you're having to talk to everybody and you're running around fucking shaking your head cut off and there's all the stimulus coming at you music and different people in different reactions and it's kind like you're just getting blown around like this little boat in the way just getting smash around So the way that I've gotten over this over the years is by focusing what I like to call the three fatigues and those fatigues are decision making fatigue persona fatigue and self-jugment fatigue and funny enough I would even challenge you to find other fatigues I mean really you could come up with them but these are the three that I feel like kind of hit the nail in the head as far as my own fatigues and I've taught it to a lot of clients and。

have some incredible results so I'm gonna to teach it to you now and we're gonna make it a mission that we focused on this week also want to point out that if you've heard this in other content before that's fine。

 I don't really reference it that often， but it might have come up and if it has regardless of that fact it's still critical that you view it this week as a mission because it's one thing to kind understand it or to have heard it it's another thing to have been doing it and so the point of being in the tribe。

 the Hase to home tribe is that you have your peer group who are all pushing you to do the exercise so again this is not just about another piece of useless information but the major advantage of doing the Hase at home is the group itself so absolutely post about your experiences and in addition to that use the fact that you have the pressure and the kind of enthusiasm of the group to go out and really put an effort into mastering this All right so we're going start off by breaking down the three fatigues and the reason I want to break these down is so that you understand them talk to bottom and then we're gonna talk about your mission and how you're gonna go crush it this week you can even when I say I'm like like this I'm tired and yet I know that I can go out and meet girls even from my tired stare right now。

Using what I'm going to show you okay I know how to meet women in a way where actually if I had to go out to meet women for next three or four hours。

 I would have more energy than right now so if I look tired right now。

 keep in mind that I developed it specifically for what I'm in these situations and God does it ever work All right so let's break it down The first one is decision making fatigue Now what is that in my experience what happens is that what you're thinking of talking to a girl you overthink the fucking thing you're like should I shouldn't I should I shouldnt I it's almost like you're a car going break gas。

 break gas， break gas it's crazy you don't want to go there man you don't want to do that it's fucked up。

 don't do it my recommendation instead is approach fucking everything just do it。😡，Okay。

 just fucking do it。What this does is that instead of sitting there going yes， no， yes。

 no and your prefrontal cortex go Google that， learn what your prefrontal cortex is it's the willpower part of your brain among other things instead of burning out your prefrontal cortex to shit so by the end of the night you're depleted What happens instead is that you've just gone for it what this does it creates action taking momentum instead of excuse making momentum now please take a moment to really think about what I just said there action taking momentum versus excuse making momentum so that you've had this link created in your mind after a couple hours of going out that when you see someone you go talk now the cool part here is let's say that you see a girl's not that hot let's say she's really overweight or something if that's not your thing and you're saying to yourself okay should I go talk to her should I not just go do it first of all she could very possibly cools hell even if you're not into her second of all。

 maybe a allow chemistry're start making it out there you get a better mood who knows who cares it's fun and it's good karma but lastly what you've done now is rather than overthinking it。

one and talk to her then when you come back， you actually have more energy。

 you don't have less energy when you go talk to somebody， you have more。Stop and think about that。

 you don't have less energy。When you open， you have more。You don't have less energy。When you open。

 you have more。Think about that for a second。You get more。

You got to be coming from an energy abundance frame。

Then by the time that you see that amazing girl that you're really into， well guess what happens。

 man， your energy's been going up， so approach fucking everybody even if it's just for a second。

 you could just wave hi there。Just say hi， you， it's funny， I just hide there like that。

And now all of a sudden， if somebody else were to go by， hi there。

Maybe the next one a little more hi maybe the next one a little more hey。

 and what you're noticing is you're doing this is that every single approach that you do。

 you might be getting a little smoother， a little bit more comfortable。

 your energy is going up So again stop burninging out your prefrontal cortex like a fucking maniac driving yourself nuts by approaching sub and not others gas brake gas brake just approach all slam the gas down the car' in crazy momentum you think that car is gonna get in the best momentum hitting the gas and brake again and again。

 I don't think so now the next one is persona fatigue okay what is that you're putting on this fucking character。

 you're burning yourself out to shit with this character that you're putting on it's killing you man just act normal dude。

 just talk like yourself like look when I'm talking to you right now， I'm not like， hey。

 it's owe hey I'm just like hey it's so I'm just gonna talk how I'd talk imagine if I talking you like this don fucking time I'd be killing myself man I would be fucking killing myself It's not worth it it sucks。

 fuck that no way no fucking way okay so don't be putting on a fucking persona fuck a persona。😡。

Just talk as you and why is that important for not losing energy look dude。

 what happens is that when you talk without a persona。

 you become congruent that inner light starts to shine through more now at first when you're congruent because you know maybe kind of suck with girls what are you being congruent to right some lame personality that sucks with girls but what happens is that if you just keep doing it and opening everything that you see that persona of who you are it's not really persona remember that core of who you are starts to shine brighter so it's not like this raging brush fire。

 the burning brushfire it's like a white hot string coal when you're being yourself。

 you will not get tired， you get tired from putting on a song and dance fuck that okay don't do it。

Just talk if the girl doesn't want to talk to it's fine， dude， it's okay， let her go。

 she has permission to not have sex with you， she has permission to not talk to you， let her go。

 okay， don't take it personally。It's not a connection， it's fine。It's okay， let her go， but be you。

 you'll find that your brain will resist this because when you actually are you。

 it's really scary and offensive when it doesn't go well， isn't it and I know because。

The reason that we have these persona shells， okay。

 the reason that we have them is because it's a defense mechanism against rejection if you're the wgity wackety man and you get rejected。

 it doesn't hurt as when you just walked up as you。But you must adapt。

 you must get acclimated to just putting it the fuck out there。Get okay with being unguarded。

Get okay with it and what you'll find is that there's more strength in the real you。

I really like to be careful with these real u type comments because。

Sometimes you get guys glorifying being a depressed fucking energy leash。

I'm talking about you at your essence okay， not you leachching off somebody you at your essence like when I'm speaking to you right now。

 I'm not coming at you going I'm talking because I'm actually really tired today I'm not going I'm tired well the real me is tired I've had a long day today I'm gonna bitch about it to the people watching my video I make their lives miserable that's not me like I'm like I'm actually tired and like。

I mean you could even say slightly depressed because I've had such a long weekend here。

 you can say that。But。I'm not bringing that to you， and yet I'm still being me， I just say calm。

And let the essence come out， just let it out。Not that's not you just you normal dude just I mean。

 I don't know， are you getting this Are you getting it right because guys do that right they' like well the real me hates the world and no you don't。

 no you don't even me right now I'm tired， the real me isn't tired even though I'm tired。

 the real me isn't tired does that make sense， it's like I just get present。

And then this is what comes out and I promise you I can approach girls like this and it we'll go fine so that's what I want you doing don't put on a persona like even as I'm speaking to you now。

Over and over in my mind， I feel into myself and I'm like， what's natural？

What naturally wants to come out？What is me without a persona that's what I'm letting out to you And if I feel myself getting a wacky man。

 I go no， if I'm trying to be all cool yet， no， so it's like wackety man no cool man， no。

 just come back。Just come back。Just be yourself。That's your position to strength。你。

As you're doing this， what you're going to experience is that。You're speaking from your core。

And initially， your core is a bit stifd in because you're afraid to put it out there。

But you're approaching everybody and that core will shine brighter。

 I realize what I'm talking about is a little bit unclear。

 just go fucking do it and you will understand okay， the core of you will shine brighter。😡。

If you just talk with everybody and stick congruent。

And your energy will go up now let's go for the last one and this is the most important one because it brings all them together。

The key to all of this that puts it together。Is getting out of self judgment fatigue。

And what that means it's saying well the fuck would have the balls to do that， every approach。

 who would have the balls to do that sober， I did that。

Every approach that I do is good look let's say you had a handappped child and a on handappped child do you love them both equally Do you have a quote unquote bad approach。

 it's not bad it's your approach you didn't， youve got to love that approach because you took action your love is on the action itself so every time that you do an approach you don't judge yourself。

 you don't take ownership that maybe that girl didn't want to talk to you you don't take ownership of that that's insane。

Don't do it， man。Don't fucking do it。 That is a pathway to hell。 Have you been doing that。

 Let me ask you， have you？It's a pathway to hell， have you seen it。

 have you seen what it does when you do that， it's a pathway to fucking hell。

The road to the pearly gate of heaven is stop fucking judging yourself and taking things personally。

When somebody doesn't want to talk to you so that is the last one and that is the key。

 don't judge yourself so imagine your' night out okay and your mission is this so get ready for it。

 what you're going to do this week is go out several hours a day and every single girl or group of girls or even mixed groups that you see you're going to engage and you are going to discover the power of not being so fucking selective with decision making of whether or not you talk to somebody。

As you do this， you will be absolutely yourself and when you're being absolutely yourself if it goes well if it goes bad。

 you will not judge yourself， youll simply enjoy the process you'll do this for several hours a night you will not do anything that tires you out if you're getting tired you're fucking doing it wrong okay let me say that again if you're getting tired from this you're fucking doing it wrong going up and talking to people is energizing even for me as a severe introvert okay me the start of this video I exhausted now my energy is actually going up a it So in no way shape or form should going up and opening everybody tire you out now why is that though because again you're not gonna to do the wgity man okay you've been doing the wgity man for years stop the fucking wggedty man just be normal See how I'm speaking right now I'm speaking from the core that's my powerful position if I'm trying to talk to you this fast way it's not me I'm trying to be it's not me it's not my position of power I've got to come back to center。

😡，Stopping the fucking wgity man。Okay， stop。Be you。You're no longer going， should I go in。

 should I not？Should I go in， should I not this one burning out your prefrontal cortex。

 respect yourself man don't do that to yourself likewise you're not going to be in the wickedty man burning yourself out and you're not walking off going that I bad if I'm a bad person what's wrong with me。

 which again is disrespecting yourself， do this for a full nightight out。

What you're gonna find is that by the end of night you' fucking flying man you will be flying。

 you'll be like kneeil on the fucking matrix like flying， you're gonna have so much energy。

 I would challenge you to even fall asleep when you first get to bed。

 you're gonna feel a euphoric you're not gonna want to go to bed It's gonna be incredible This is what I found when I teach you on boot camp It guess this crazy euphoric vibe I think you're absolutely gonna love it This is gonna be a huge week for you This is gonna be a monster epiphany。

 a monster breakthrough， take advantage of your tribe The whole point is signing off for this was not to get a bunch of videos or intellectual knowledge It is to be part of a tribe to share and contribute You're gonna go out this week eliminate the three fatigues go for several hours a day talk to everybody who you see。

No selfjudment， no persona， none of this bullshit prefrontal cortex depletion just share you're gonna get in the fucking flow on a higher level than you've ever been in in your entire life and walk out of this in a fucking hurricane of awesomeness Are you ready for your mission Well it starts。

Now。