# 10、泰勒 《热座》：04.成为大师：04.泰勒带走的决策点Mastermind教学【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，🎼，What accent is that？What accent？Cool， my best friend。Was Turkish。

 he was very nice after to run this way for two seconds。And I'm just walking this swing。

 it's good to miss you。What's allowing me to do that？P calmm， chill。

 not putting up a guard and assumption of rapport， massive assumption of rapport。

I am already friends there。The greatest skill in all opening is realizing opening doesn't exist。

 It's a complete fucking illusion。 The opener is a fucking illusion。😡，There is no opener。Okay。

There's no opener。Don't open。Never open。It's already open。The set。Is already fucking open， guys。

You're di。It's already innerbuy。Okay， it's already in there。Okay， I'm clearly kidding。

It dis in your jeans， but the point is is that。Okay， clearly joking， but the point is that。

It's fucking open。Yeah。Oh， and what else is open out here， by the way？还在。

What's that and then hold it tight， hold it tight， good。

 hold it how my mother holds my but I know what like stay back there Are you with your friends？

That's great。Where going are you guys going I'm going？I can't go to you。🎼I can't go with you。

 Im It's 13 points but I'm from Los Angeles You from。 Yeah， Now。

 you'll notice a lot of subtle back and forth there。 So she's pulling off a little bit。

 And at certain points， you want to proceed forward at certain points。

 you want to actually let her pull off right， So you'll be， okay， I gotta go。

Yeah what restaurants around here back off。 And that's critical because it's these little micro tests that she's doing where she's sort of feeling you out to see if you're gonna be needy and creepy。

 I actually have my own shit test that I do all the time。 By the way， I do with guys。

 dudes call me and they text me。 I'd never hit them back for 40 hours。 You w why。

80% of people who I don't hit back within 48 hours send me a nasty follow up text。There always like。

 you think you're so fucking cool。 not responding to me。 Do you know who I am but I'm just like。

 whoa， And I just like， I'm thank God I didn hit that back。

 Sometimes I'm like about to text them back and then like blows in。😡，Happens constantly。

 People do it when they become reactive。 So women's biggest fear is not that a man is popular or sleeping with anybody else。

 that that is rare。What's not rare。 What's common。 Unfortunately。

 sadly common is guys that are mediat fuck。 So they'll sometimes like， you got to sometimes gauge。

 It's like they're kind of pulling off a bit。 And do you kind of pull off。

 or do you kind of like spike attraction forward and pull in。 What do you want to do。

 So you gotta be aware of that。😡，Should I jump up or go after we'll see？

I'm fairly confident she'd come back， it's like so so。We'll find out in a second。

Chs are like these like little kittens and a prairie just chasing shining object they don't give a fuck about you that's what you can also yank come off to in the first place。

 but then that's also why they can bounce from you。

So here it was interesting because she was talking to other people and I'm like。

 do I get up and get it or do I wait and years of instinct kind of guide me on what and you'll gain that instinct by God It's like a poker game you kind of take the greatest possible odds in your favor Sometimes you get it。

It is unless you don't， right sometimes you sit there and you're like， well， you know。

 don't be needy and then she just walks off。And you feel my non idiots from。

 from the fucking from the steps here， Right， So， so you gotta kind of engage。 in this case。

 I kind had a sense she'd come back。 I could feel it based on how much she wanted to talk to me before。

 And I kind of felt like she's playing with me。 So I waited。

You're definitely not from Seattle who in feel they're not this fucking。

I didn't mean to be conversational I tried to be collaborative that's what I want to be I I like。

我带这些虾肉。他什的別。I came to visit。Yeah have friends here， we'll do some work here too。How about you。

Ire you here Yeah， what do you do？I'm going to go back。What are you setting？Try to go school。

Natural path medicine。But you smoke cigarette。I don't think it's about what you do and what you don。

 It's about。Modereration im balance。So you don't smoke all the time if I'm smoking。If I drink。

 then I should be taking extra care of my body， making sure that I do everything extra better。

 so it doesn't mean that you make some bad choices that you should like let everything ask for all you smoke and you just drugs。

That should be taking fucking better take care of yourself。

 my man because you like them in your body intentionally。

 you are in more position to be note of your diet。And I can create a cocktail of supplement and nutrition for you that can make you feel awesome and amazing even when you're drinking a drugs。

 got it。I never drink， I never go to die。I do all the time。

 but I take a lot of supplements actually myself a lot， I haven't been sick in five years。ああそ相テか。

Do you like reshi mushroom or what do you tumerinate garlic good？like B by。

 what you're seeing here is what's known as the laundry machine。

 a false feedback loop that's going on on women's heads。 So this grows a massive amount in drug use。

 And she believes that it's like healthy for her。 It's good for her。 She's just letting lose。

 And no guy will ever call her out on that。 Because what happens if you call her out on it。

can see as a man， if you're fucking up， do you have your boys are like， hey， dude， you're fucking up。

😡，That's important， right？As a girl， no guys can ever say that to you why？Because I want to fuck you。

If you tell a girl， yo， that's not healthy for you。 Is she going fuck you。😡，She meant， oh my God。

I never knew。This was harming me。aitWait a minute， are you telling me all the guys？

Who are giving me drugs alcohol？They're not looking out for my long term best interests。Wait。

 are you telling me that the same guys who invite me to parties and feed me substances that will prematurely age me。

 put wrinkles in my skin， thin my hair。 Make me fat。 Fry my brain。

Are you telling me that those guys wouldn't keep inviting me to the party when I prematurely expire。

I'm not going to be invited anymore。I'm not going to be flown around on private jets and invited to fancy parties anymore。

 when I aged seven or eight years early。I thought those guys were my friends。And you know what？

Finally， someone told me the truth。Thank God， now put it in me。 You big stud。

 you big truth telling stud。 Who cares。Be pretty cool， right？

That'll be a cold day in hell when that happens。 So youve got to realize when the girls just throw this stuff at you。

 you're just like， yeah。嗯。Yeah。😀。😀。it got it。So was that when you out， just a little bit。

 just fucking with her， I mean， to be honest， I did it here because I felt so bad for her that a lot of times time I just feel so bad for girls。

 I'll just tell them knowing I'm not gonna get laid because of that。 Like literally。

 I'm just like you poor soul Like you pathetic， poor soul。 Like someone's got to tell you。

 But I'm not doing because I think I'm gonna fuck em。I'm doing like someone a boot camp。

 but I really just want run back to program。 I don't give from shit。 Okay， so。Yeah。

 a lot of living in big cities because you got to understand。

Like the girls are in a false feedback loop of epic proportions。

 like beyond anything you could imagine。 shit there's things going on so far past your paradigm that you can't even envision it until like you see it up close。

 so。Yeah， being ahawk girl in a major city exposes you to things that are beyond the imagination。为啥呀？

To marry。I've been getting younger。That's cool。 I getting the younger。I feel better。Yeah，Some8。

Some people are like all about being Q9。Oh。Get it all from。Yeah。

 I think like a lot of this is really good and were at that point where we actually。All right。

 scientifically investing enough to know exactly what you're budget。

Why not give that extra shit and make your body personal？We psychically know what our body needs。😀は。

Like cocaine。Focus on yourself and yourself only。mean settles your energy it' contracting no sharing energy is expansive energy so you know that which is good yeah I like sharing。

D ovenlving in the homeless。Just expecting。bigger。Where did you learn that。

The universe through my experience the through my the universe taught her stuff in Dme store self help and spiritual books。

あ。嗯系系系系。I got to read the power of now to learn that。But where did she learn it？😀The universe。

 I mean， I guess the power now is in the universe。 So I guess I learned it in the universe， too。😊。

That's my new default answer。 What do you learn。The universe。So， but see here's the thing， right。

 Like as much as I'm teasing。 my teasing is in some ways mask masking my frustration because this girl is really cool chick。

 I like her。 She's a great girl。 She's just been misguided a bit。 That's very common in women。

 And so as a guy， by the way， it is a challenge because you'll meet cool girls who you're attracted to。

 and you do like them， even though their brains in a laundry machine of false feedback。

 You do love them to death。 You're like， I love this girl to death。

 I don't know if I can marry this girl， I don't know if I could have a kid with this girl。

 but I love her to death。 How many of you guys have had a girl who's like， you know。

 you're attracted to her， she's really cool， but she ist that laundry machine of false。

 guys ever deal that。 Okay， So it's tricky as a guy， You're like， what do I do here。 You know， do。

 do I tell her， But she's gonna be mad， She's gonna think I'm trying to manipulate her or do know。

 meanwhile， like believing the truth from these guys fucking over， or do I。You know。

 like what's my next step here So's a guy， you kind of just lay back and sometimes the reason the girls are like this is because they haven't had a good dude in their life。

 they just haven't had a guy that kind of guides them。

 but the problem is the challenge because if you kind of hammer down on them to improve。

 they can do it in the short term， but then they can swing back and it becomes this weird power dynamic。

So in general， you kind of just try to enjoy their company。 You take it for what it is。

 And if the girls willing to like get her shit together， amazing。 And if she's not， that's okay， too。

 It doesn't mean that you didn't think she's awesome。 It just means that you're on a different path。

 So really， it's like， I'm joking about this girl。😊，Because while I'm teasing her， I mean。

 do you guys see more good or bad here when you meet her when you're senior her here？

You see more good or bad about her。 I see good shit。 You know， I like her， right。

 That's why as a guy， it is confusing because we do meet great girls that are just on a bit of a bad path。

 And a lot of the time again， they've been cheated on。 They've had guys fuck them over。

 A lot of them have been traumatized when their're kids， like all sorts of crazy stuff。

 And they go through that。 So as a guy。😡，I don't know， you know， it's kind of tricky。 right。

 We have our downsize too。 You know， girls have their own confusions right this is a seminar for women。

 for sure they'd have a million things they're frustrated about and should that they're dealing with with guys。

 You know， particularly like， well， I really like him。 But you know。

 is he gonna commit to me girls deal a lot of that shit。 You know， as much as we sit here， You know。

 being like， oh， like girls don't appreciate the provider we kind of annoyed。

 Think of what it's like to be a girl who actually。

 it's like all the guys who you're attracted to won't commit to you。

 And then the ones you're not attracted to are needy and creepy。 I mean， does that sound very nice。

 You ever stop and think about it from their perspective。 But we get frustrated as guys。

 You know why we get frustrated， because we feel like we're given misinformation kind of because' like。

 what do you want， They're like just a nice guy， But what they're thinking of is the guy who they can't get being nice。

 Not you。Right， but， but they'， they're not like， they're not like a guy way better than you being nice。

A guy who's nice and is also way better than you。They're not going to say that so。

So we get misinformation， right， But it's， it's like， you know。

 it's not about being nice guy or not a nice guy， really， right。

 It's just about being a fucking dude， being like a real dude。

 So girls out there are things that they deal as well。 So a girl like this。

 I'm just allowing her to talk。 Now， it allowing her to talk。😡。

I'm making a strategic decision right here。 And what it is is that some girls want you to talk and kind of demonstrate value。

 Other girls are already intimidated by you， and they want to impress you。This girl here。

 in my opinion， wants to impress me。 And I can tell， because she's investing so much。

 So you don't want to stop her process of an investment。 if you stop it and you're like。

 I'll go to gamer。 I go to bridge all the shit， No， it's bad。 Okay， bad， bad， bad。

 because she's trying to impress you and you're not giving her the chance。 You know。

 it's funny because I met a woman who was a salsa dancer。

 And she went to this guy who speaks in front of really let large groups。

 And she started dating right， So she's watching this guy who speaks in front of these huge crowds and she's so turned on by him。

 She's like， this guy's fuck amazing。 And she's really， really getting interested。 So finally。

 they go to her salsa thing where she teaches salsa。

 And she is dancing with the gay guy tried to show this guy Her salsa moves。

 And he brings her aside side after。 He's like， you embarrassedbarrass me。

 You're dancing with that guy。 What are you doing。 Why would you do this。

 and she was completely turned off。 You know， she said about it。 She's like。

I've watched this man just owning the room again and again and again。 Everybody loves him。

 Everybody's crying at his feet。And I just wanted to show him that I could do something cool， too。

 You know， I wanted him to think I'm cool。 Too。 I already thought he's amazing。 I wanted。

 I wanted to be cool with him so we could be cool together。

 But then he just yelled me and made me feel bad。 So what happened in his case。

 even seeing her dancing with a gay guy。 He's tripping out。 He's feeling jealous。

 He's feeling humiliated， Probably because he got traumatized a kid。

 Probably that same trauma as a kid drove him to become excellent， funny， right。

 like that same whole as a kid drove him to become world class because this guy is fucking world class。

 by the way， fucking the man， But at the same time。

 he never quite healed that inner thing that would make him jealous。 And to be fair， though。

 that's also her side of the story。 and there are two sides of every story。

 So what you're seeing as a girl who wants to qualify herself。So letter， now。

 where's the counter example because this is critical。 There is a counter example to this。

 where is it？It's that。The girl。Sometimes will Je be the alpha female？Game you， dominate you。

 and then leave。 You ever have that at？Right， so you're kind of， it's this weird gauging。 right。

 You're like， is she talking and talking to qualify herself to me。 So when， when I take her home。

 she feels at ease or is she doing it because she's just gonna own my ass。

 be the alpha female and bounce off。 So you've got to gauge that。 It's tricky。

You ever have it where a girl is in bed with you。 You just matter her。 You're making out in bed。

 And then she says。You know， what's your family like， Do you have a sister， What's your brother like。

 Do you want to see my brother， Here's my sister。 Here's my dad。 Here's what I like to do。

 Here's what I dance。 Here's this。 And before you have sex。 you ever have that oven。

They just start rattling it off， right， And it's like they need you to just get to know them for a minute to see。

That it just to feel comfortable。 essentially， right。

 So this girl here is letting me get to know her。 And I'm kind of gauging。 I'm like， okay。

 do I need to like get her laughing more and getting her more attracted or is she investing？

 And it's this weird gauge that you kind of have to get a sense of。 And。

 and it's a lot like a pokeryine where you try to pick the high maneuver or like the high likelihood move and you're never totally sure。

 But you go base off in syncs。 And， you know， the more field experience you get the more often you'll be right。

😊，Really because these are the experiences I meant gain in this lifetime。

And all that's happening to me。So I very firm believe that everything that's happening to us。

Not every life is above happiness and。たさ。I think your energy is just trying to move from one physical from to another and collect all the experiences it needs to become home。

And that you're in a stage that。Just go along with it。Or you can out of it。

You're making news of this。I agree with all that。I think I'm it。I think I'm pretty getting close。队长。

I'm getting that you're not， you're getting there though， Ed I'm not close either。

 she believes she's close to becoming enlightened。Shes almost there。 she serve buting curves。嗯。

So close， bro。So close。 Just， Just one fucking line of coke away from fully。对。

You might be more along than the average person dripping around on the street here。

But there's a ways to go。Where did you come to see？You可 hellello， hi。You can。Oh my。

Thiss my first time in Seattle I'm from Turkey but this is home guys actually I'm from Turkey this is Now this is sort of your next test。

 So once the girl's mood gets raised， either surrounding men are going start coming on in many cases。

 not always just happens from time to time So when that happens。

 you've got a couple different directions you can go。 One of them is you out dominate the guy。

 The other is you just look entertained by the guy。

 and youve got to make a decision so you can either be unfazed or you can dominate over him or you can grab the girl and just leave right then in there。

 So it's really just up to you and you've got to gauge what's needed because。Okay。

 so here's the thing。 chill game and laying back cell game is awesome。 It is fucking awesome， guys。

Until it's not。It's like chill text messages。 You ever have like， like。

 you invite to girl out like really chill， like super chill text messages。 It's like，s like， oh。

 what's up Oh， cool。 Yeah， want to come out。 Awesome。 she comes out。 And then you。

 you think back to all these the other texts you did that were like， all like entertaining。

 And you're like， why did I do all that shit， Just keep it fucking simple。😊，The problem is。

Low investment text game works until it doesn't because you do that。

 and it's not quite enough stimulus to get the girl's attention。 You're blown off。

 And now you've got to send even more text。 You've got to double text and triple text in your fucklock。

Sll game works until a more stimulating guy comes。And then it doesn't。Except here's a problem。

 sometimes it does。So it sometimes works， It sometimes doesn't。

 It works until it doesn't right So you can lay back and let the other guy game the girl。

 And if you lay back， you can actually be more alpha because you're the least reactive。

 But in other cases， it actually fucks you up because the guys just more sympathetic。 he just takes。

 So it's kind of 5ty50。 You gotta gauge it a lot of these decision points in your pickups。

I' from here。Those are my stping grounds， my neighborhood， this real accent。

she put it on for you good beside fake one I have a YouTube channel。

 I just imperson this girl with an accent。有给这的人。Vised from LA。WhatVis hand just fucking sexy。

hoping a nice man would come see me。あてバルシ。I want just want。They're pretty open with that。

Oh yeah for sure， 100% cold you can smoke in front the my if you won't bother you Oh yeah。

This is Seattle， Bebe Reina Falls。Trees and all and crs。course系。

I maybe used to be comfortable before then too， but now there's recreation， nobody gives a phone。

And I go to the park and smoke next the kids。Really I don't like the mean that but I can。

About too much weird in thispen and way home。三点。To Denver。

 where there's more weed than anywhere right？But I can't take it on the planes， like actually。

 I have a little stash in one of my makeup。T。And I realized a few months ago。

 I've been flying around with some stash in there for like a whole year wow。

That included the international trip。To Puerto Rico。Do they don international flights too。

 someone's not doing their really they don't do their job so right。Your bucket house。I was no。

I saw like a house showing on a business strip。Every Thursday， smell this fucking in Seattle。

Is there anywhere open right now left？I want to take my friend somewhere。

Do you want to come meet them？I did job。Yeah， all your wheat up here is wet。

I don't know what you that on。So a lot of this right now， what you're seeing is framing。

 So is the frame you've got to evaluate， is the frame。That he's the try hard guy。

Trying to get the girl laughing while I lay back being cool。

 Or is he the guy who's actually having more fun。 And I'm being kind of stifled。

 And there's a metaframe that's going on。 And it's very subtle in this case。 I mean。

 do you see how subtle that is。😊，Very， very subtle。 Now， remember I said earlier。

 it's like guys that hit on girls。 It's like you're not even hitting on girls。 It doesn't work。

 What he's doing。That shit works。That guy probably gets laid。Doing that。W。😡。

You wouldn't like to think it， right， You don't want to think it like， no。

 game should be more elegant。真那就是。Thiss a reaction。very calm。I got for doing that。

I think it's because he actually approaches and you meet her on your level you remember I said it's already open？

What did he do？你。It was already open。In his mind， what else did he do well？He assumed rapport。

Total assumption report。Did he have a collaborative or competitive frame？That's right。

 I don't think his game is razor sharp。 I think you can have game a million times better。

 but I actually would give the dude props。 I bet you he gets laid。

 I don't think most guys can do what he did。At all。Not at all， funny enough， though。

 and here's his weird。Women follow this line of reasoning， check this out。

Because when most girls meet guys。It's guyss acting in some variant of what he's doing。

Wide variances， but the general idea， you know， just add ease， arty friends， chill coolol。

Those are the guys they wound up sleeping with。But the funny thing is a guy like that。I mean。

 it's very plausible that he refuses to have a girlfriend。So the girl goes and fucks him。

 And then she's like， why don't any guy want to be my boyfriend And he And he， But is。

 is it because he's like the most amazing guy ever。Does this strike you as like？

The most perfectly self actualized man。See the epitome of masculinity？

He's a dope that doesn't give a fuck， he's a dope， smoking dope。Don't give a fuck。So you know。

 I'm got to be a perfect guy to get laid， you just got not be fuck dummy。And you can even be a dummy。

Just not a demmy So what's going on here is that， you know。

 he is just chatting and while we can all game a million times better than him at the same time。

As it looks like what he's doing is totally normal。 And yet， how many guys can actually do that。

Like when you look at it， it's not that hard， right？But how many guys could do that on command？

I mean， you guys have a lot of friends that can just walk up and be that at ease of people easily？

Funny， right。 So it's not like what he's doing or what I'm doing any。 It's that hard。And yet。

 while it's not hard， it kind of is hard。But that's but see。

 what's he using that I don't use in order to do this intoxication。

Can you do it sober is another question？Probably not。He might。 he actually might。

 but very well might， but probably not。 you know， kind of， I'm not sure in many cases， they can't。

 And so by saying sober， youve got a massive edge at an addition to that。You have a process。

 See what intoxication does is it lets you bypass all the mechanisms of warm up。

 focus on the process of it， get selfamed because the inxication does that for you。 But the thing is。

 when you're sober， you peek at the end of the night when send a poll， even if it starts hard。

 The guy who's intoxicated， He peaks at the start， then he usually gets too intoxicated。your name。

 nice meet you。Good to meet you。来。And go meet his friends。Wes the boy good well。こしら？

Some good looking dude watch。You're in the right neighborhood for it。So at a certain point， I'm like。

 all right， let's go， I've had enough right time to go and I felt that I had enough investment to be like。

 all right， let's go。嗯。We just How do you guys know each other。

 We haven't known each other for a while。 Really， We don't really know。

 We don't really know how just' a matter。GD modeling。Sure。I've done all sorts， I've done traditional。

 I've done brttle， I've done fetish。Let's go Yeah， my X was a fetish model。

She did a lot of crazy stuff。Yeah， I've done some crazy stuff， I kind of go out of it。

 but I really liked it。Let's quite be you're good at it， he's my buddy veryed friend。

Isn't that awesome？まま。他去。I isnn't that manliness， what is the jaw line？I don't like mailliness。

 I like reallyiness， I don't like your Yeah， we like reallyiness I can see that。No只去。

where's the boys at going to the gas 13 coins？我餐。I had some other friends here we could go to 13 points to eat but that's about it I don't know。

 I mean， I'm not from of here you' familiar。Yeah， I don't know。Yeah。

Do you guys want to come eat or are you to go？So I think that's about it I think I think zero possession what's that good is sale this got to be a third option I'm not from here Do you guys know anywhere good？

I need to go here。s going be hereie， do you want to give me your number because I'm going to off Where you going go What's up Where you going go。

I just eat what do you mean？I guys but I don't know who So you see she did that same test on me again。

 she's like。Okay， I'm gonna go Pe。 I'm like， sweetie。 see。 And then she's like。

 well where are you going like whatever it was she said。

 So that's a common thing that I've seen from her。 You'll see common threads from these different girls of what they respond to and what they don't respond to。

 So I kind of I chose that on her。 But on other girls， I'll do the opposite。 I'm like， no。

 you're comingb。 So it just depends on which direction you want to go。

 You got to feel the girl out and see what she needs and work within that。

 So you want to be yourself and you want to have a core personality and be who you are。

 But you also have to be adaptive to that girl's process of how she goes about having sex and random guy。

 So and I'm sorry， But if you have a problem being respectful that process， you're diluting yourself。

 So。Because because she has a lot more invested in casual sex than you do as far as threats as far as like if she gets pregnant and so on and so forth。

 No no see friends gonna Now， I also wanted to note with the last friend that he tried to kind of come in on the set。

 And he couldn't quite get in。 Now， that was one of my students。

 And I'm trying my best to get him in。 But it's the first time of boot camp at this point。

 So he's just kind of， you know， learning。 And in this case。

What did the guy on the street do that the student failed to do？The same。Assumer Bor。

 could you see the anxiety in his face even hovering around the outside of it？Isn't that crazy？

And yet， we all do it。 So you've got to recognize when you're just just being like girls call that being a weird guy。

 Here's what women don't understand。Here's they don't get。 That student is a very fucking cool guy。

 He's not weird at all。 I know this guy。 There's nothing weird about him。😡。

He's probably also the kind of guy that if you slept with him， would call you back。

And he's probably also the kind of guy that if he wanted to be your boyfriend would be open mind into it。

How about the dude on the street？With the weed。He may well just be a dud and yet who looks weirder to the girl？

がチ。The student looks weird。 The guy in the street looks normal。

And yet you could see from the girl's perspective how it would seem that way。The guy just SAT down。

 he's being normal。 This other guy's all nervous。 Well， yeah。

 he's nervous because he'd be your boyfriend。This guy's not nervous because he doesn't give a fuck about you。

But yet it looks that way to the girl。See， what I you know what I tell guys。

 hitting on a girl isn't even hitting on a girl。You know what else I tell girls。

 I tell to my female friends， creepy。Is actually not creepy？And not creepy is actually creepy。

A guy who's not creepy is fucking creepy。A guy who's creepy is not creepy。

I tell that to the girls you， you want why？Okay， you're walking up to a beautiful woman at random。

 and you're not nervous at all。That's kind of creepy， bro。

What did you do to not be nervous of that in what reality are you not nervous from that？Because。

I'm not nervous from it。Do you want to know why？Ca I went out four to seven nights a week to master the game。

That's kind of creepy。The guy in the street doesn't care。Because he lives in his mother's basement。

Smokes weed and doesn't wipe his ass after he craps。That's why he's not nervous， we discuss it later。

That's a joke。Now。My student cares because he's a good dude。 Good dudes get nervouss。

 So I always tell girls， I'm like， let the guy bumble through the first two bad dates。

Don't get rid of the guy until he calmed down。 like， let him run through his nerves。

 let him calm down。 He could be a great guy。 get a boyfriend。The dude doesn't give a fuck like， wow。

 we just instantly connected。 it was great。 I， that's because he fucking fuck new girls every day。

So I try to explain that to my female friends， but of course I don't listen， because I can't。

 it's evolution。😡，Yeah。嗯。So yeah， it's's you know， the boot camp in great deal。

 And he had a great weekend is a processor， which you've gotta get guys at his being collaborative and just being cool people。

 right， I'm not trying to glorify the guy that you know。

 the weed smoking and bumbling guy that on the street。

 But there's something there's at least something from him to be to be modeled。 right。

 Like I view it， like you could learn something from everybody。

 And so I like to learn from guys like that。 Just an element to them， not the whole bigger picture。

 And by the way， I actually have no idea who that guy is he could actually be awesome or anything。

 I'm speculating。😊，I don't have any food that I'm really here。Where are you singing？

I just leave right around the corner。You want to lead way want to lead the way？Yeah。

 but it's a past to can buy alcohol will they let us bite。

Now that was an interesting one because she's like， well。

 they let to buy alcohol now oftentimes as part of a girl's sexual process is to party before sex in this case。

 she just runs off to go get the alcohol。Now， up until this point。

 I have been letting her go away and trust that she'll come back many times when public girls。

 by the way， I've been in a party and they kind of come up to me。

 they give me attention and we have a great deal of sexual tension between us and then they kind of run off and they do their own thing but they keep kind of looking back at me and I hold fucking courts。

 okay I hold my ground Like Ill want to go jump over to her but I'll kind of wait for her to come back and I'll keep chatting with my other friends around and then just wait for her to come back and they do it like a yoy they just keep coming back and the more times they come back the more attracted they get until they're like。

 why aren't you giving me attention， I want attention bullshing fucking liar if I give you attention。

 You to blow me off like every other dude So the thing is like。😡，M kidding。 That's me。

beinging weird so basically what it is is that I do that at time。

 So sometimes you let them keep coming back in this case she just darts off for the booze right So I actually have to jump up and like scoot up after her。

在幼儿园。Guess who paid for the booze？See。She didn't。还有。Why is that important？Why I got payment bo。

 You're not drinking。Do I， do you think I have a problem paying for the booze， exactlyactly， I got。

 I'm thrilled to pay for the booze。 I'd be thrilled to do anything， but it's just。

 it's not gonna help anything。 Sometimes though you do pay。 in some cases， they need you to pay。

 When is that。😀。In all cases， they need you to pay。

They needed to pay sometimes because they need to see you invest。

 They needed you just give the five bucks I've had girls say to me， like。

 like I need you to buy me a drink。 I'm like， I'm like， just grab a drink。She's like。

 I need you to buy me drink。 I'm like， I have a drink。 She's like， Owen。

I need you to buy me this drink。 And I can see there's like an anxiousness in their face。

 And it's not just for the drink。 I'm like， okay， and I'll give the 5 buck in of my mind。

 I'm like fucking you know， and I'll give it。 And then。

 and then as soon as I give it they start making with me and they take me when we asked X。

 So it depends on the case or the scenario， right， in this case。

 I didn't feel like I needed to to pay for the drink at all。 So I just allow her to pay it。

 Just be chill。 Because if I would have paid， what would it look like。

 Why is it important with her that I didn't pay。フバイる。Because it's just it's like this weird event。

 it's like with a girl。I'm totally happy to take a girlfriend for an expensive dinner as a first date。

 I got no problem with that， but what happens is it scares them off。

They're scared because they're like well well I'd love the free meal， but if I grab the meal off you。

 what do you expect because the girl's biggest problem isn't trying to get the meal is that they take the meal and then the guy flips the fuck out and gets all angry and pissy when she won't fuck him at her so it becomes too much so a lot of times you just let him pay and that's the way to do it。

Be cry but we can chill。嗯。我那ビ take。Of course， I'm very， very respectful。

That's an example of a pickup where there's these different decisions that you're going to have to make and there's just。

 it takes some experience to get a sense of it。Every pickup is different。

Every girl is different and over time you begin to recognize。Patterns between the different girls。

 there's patterns to all of it。 So you've got to understand when to press forward， when to pull back。

 And there's different understandings or principles in successive women that like you to know what to do。

 A major one is knowing do I need more value or do I need to qualify her better。

 say it with me more value。Or do I need to qualify her So do I need to show more or do I need to let her show more in this case。

 the value is established when。Theオ。The open。You guyss remember the open on it， right。

 The value came right off the open because。What is that各程后续完整更新联系阿姆微信70075683。

It was very nice after run this way for two seconds。I I'm just walking in this swing。

 it's a good issue。Does it have remember。The values already established。

Because who the fuck would out the balls to do that so。I'm good。Right。

 there's not a lot more than needs to be done。 But yet， sometimes there is。

 And you've got to gauge that。 So I hope like some of the themes that I hope that you notice here were a combination of。

Knowing when to assume rapport， assume friendship， be chill， at the same time。

 knowing when you do have to chase a little bit and really just sort of figuring out the bigger picture of it。

Like I said in any pickup there's decision points， some pickups that you'll see me do it's like walking on water。

 others are very simple to me this was very simple and that's your bread and butter。

 simple chill pickup and this was not done in an environment with a lot of competing stimulus。

🎼So it was chill。 Other environments， there's a ton of competing stimulus。 So you got a hammer。

