# 10、泰勒 《热座》：02.-福利(非核心课没翻译)：05.-Bonus-Glenn-Webinar-(Tyler's-Coach)：Glenn Webinar【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Okay， so we're getting it， we're getting rocking okay so。Okay。

 so guys I'm going to crack into little intratro materialrial and gl I'll tos you on in about just a couple minutes sound good okay so。

呃。Yes， I did get a haircut。Glenn he's about to join shortly。All right。

 okay I'm gonna look away from from the comment thing for a second of focus So welcome to the teleconference now。

 just like I was saying before， if there's any problems on this setup。

 please just dial back in is that correctly just dial back in Okay so there's been we're doing this from Glens and Glenn lives in a beautiful but somewhat remote location and so as a result of that。

 the connection can occasionally go out okay so if there's any problems on this one just hop back on consider it just to be predictable okay so welcome to Glenn's conference and I'm very。

 very excited for to be on this you've made a very very good choice in my personal opinion to be on this and the reason why is because Glenn is a guy who I've worked with now。

😊，For over a year and he's somebody who can go very。

 very deep into inner game concepts so a major thing in success in women。

 but also in success with life is learning to be present to the moment and saying in a positive frame of mind okay a frame of mind is light easygoing not taking things too seriously so you can see in a lot of cases where。

😡，You know guys are trying to learn success with women they go into what Glen refers to in his jargon as low vibration energy and he'll talk to you a lot about his terminology today and so maybe you've seen people who you know try to go and approach girls and doesn't go well and they start to freak out or they start to feel like it's not going to work for them or a really common one is they start bashing themselves on things they can't control or that are out of their control or at least out of their immediate control such as their appearance or their money and it's not that these things are totally irrational but's that it weighs on them so heavily that it prevents them from doing anything that could help them like going out and talking to people or working on their personality or working on things that are in their control and so。

Conversely you might have had nights where you went out and you just crushed it right the entire venue was on your team Everybody there wants to talk to you。

 you felt very light， you felt very free and you know your mind is just coming up with things to say spontaneously right so it's a lot of fun when you have a night like that and for that reason that was a major major factor in my interest in working with Glen。

Because he actually helped me to do that more consistently so for example。

 you know before I work with Glen a lot of time I was very。

 very dependent on getting a ton of social momentum when I go out I' just started approaching people when I do that I crush it but it was a little bit harder let's say if I was sitting at a cafe and then I look over at a girl and it's my very first approach sometimes I'd be kind of stuck in my head and not feeling very social and so because it's my first approach I wouldn't do as well that's kind of frustrating I'm not saying that I fully fixed that issue I think that you know success with women is ongoing journey anybody who's like oh I'm like perfect or something that's just silly but it has been nice that I've met a lot of great girls in the daytime of the past year because I'm just in a generally better mood or human Glen Now Glenn's background is very deep he's been doing this for a couple decades he's a guy that works the private clients in Los Angeles so I actually met him in Beverly Hills foot up at a cafe。

I guess that was one of my good daytime approaches in the cafe and actually overheard him talking to some people nearby and I was very captivated by the things that he was saying and so I found it fascinating and it was kind of along the same line as Ecarto if you ever read Ecartoole Ecartle I has a book called the Power of Now and the book the Power now teaches you to be present to the moment and get out of your head and you know a lot of Eastern philosophy type concepts right and so Eharto I refer him usually as an intro to a lot of deeper Eastern philosophy stuff and so I had always wished that I had a coach that could coach me on Presence Work。

And I thought how cool that be kind like a personal trainer in the gym if you had a coach to coach you on being present。

 And I'm sure if you're listening to this， you're more than aware of how valuable that could be now I think it truly depends on the individual right because I've introduced a lot of my friends to Glenn and some people you kind see a spectrum of of how they respond to So we'll see what you get out of this with Ho seat。

 we want to throw a lot of different ideas that you and some parts will be your favorite and some will not connect with you so there's gonna be people on this phone call I think who this will actually be their favorite part of the entire Hoey home this will be the biggest thing like you're gonna be tripping it gonna freak out when you see this like it's gonna be your favorite thing and then for some of you guys it'll be something we're like okay I saw some value there that was cool and then there'll be some guys who are not able to connect with it at all usually those are guys more logical or sometimes in some cases if I'm just shooting from the hip I've seen that with guys who actually carry a lot of Glenn would refer to as low vibration energy and so what he's talking about high。

nergy， they're just kind like no you know it's like it's so impacted in there they're like fuck shit you know and they like freak out so it's kind of funny but really it's just more your personality type and what you connect with so it's funny because I'm more on the law school side for a lot of things but I'm open to ideas like energy work mostly because I do public speaking and I do a lot of pickup and because when I do public speaking it can be so hit or miss I'm really into presence or energy because when I'm in a great state I'm in a high vibrational state I fucking crush it right so you might have seen me do speeches where bam I just go in there and I fucking a rock and I have nothing prepared it's like being a rock star or something it's like the best film in the world where you might have seen pickup videos of me or you know I go in there on some stunning girl and I just crush it and so a lot of that for me to be honest it's not technique base my understanding of pickup technique I've known that for years just because I've done it for so long obviously I know。

That stuff but the major variable for me is how present I am how in the zone I am or you know what Glen here would refer to as energy work so even though i'm a very logical guy who normally wouldn't be remotely open mindded that kind of thing I became openmined to it just through my own empirical very logical testing and I was like why is it this some nights I do the exact same thing but on the night when I feel kind of dense heavy energy I kind of suck and then you know when I。

😡，You know when I feel light and kind of in this kind of creative flow I rock it right and I would just see this divergence and so my kind of like you know nerdy scientific mind that didn't want to believe in these things became more openmined to it really just from seeing it from thousands of different nights but also seeing it from thousands of different students that I work with and so even if you look at Ehart toll stuff you know some people might say to me like oh why are you into like Ehart stuff。

😡，Well what I'm very present， which I've learned a lot from Eharin from Glen I can kind of put that present energy onto my boot camp students and then they wind up crushing it so I think at this point you can kind of get a sense of how I got into this okay now Glenn is a guy like I said he has a huge huge background in this so it's about 20 years and he's actually studied directly with Richard Bler and neurolinguistic programming he studied a lot of really esoteric spiritual work and he also coaches clients his private clients in Beverly Hills。

You know every day throughout the day so he's just a beast and one thing that i'll make clear is like。

 you know everybody's kind of like you know has their different types of experiences So like Glen's main experience is a lot of high level elite coaching right that's his main thing you know my main thing is making videos or you know doing you know pickup up bootcast things like that right so it's kind of like you know everybody kind of has their areas that they。

They specialize in， so he's really specialized。With coaching， okay， that's kind of。

His thing and coaching with people who feel like they could get something。Out of this area。

 I actually put Julian in with him， okay， and you know， basically， yeah。

 someone is asking everyone it's just an intro for Glen by the way。

Just allow a few more people to come on but also to provide some great context if you're enjoying this I actually sent Julia to work with him after everything that Julian experienced last year and even Max who if you saw that video that he created from a summit from Vegas last year was going through severe burnout I put both of them in with Glenn and he was able to make huge。

 huge headway of both them so if you've been enjoying Julia's new channel or even seeing Max just crushing it even in spite of the crazy workload that he had。

 I could contribute a lot of that really good result we've had to work that Glenn has done with them and even the mother my kids who actually was having some health problems and I believe that a lot of that came from stress。

 I sent her in with Glen and he was actually able to help turn that around as well so I've seen it also some friends of mine so I've seen it definitely like some people they get Sam for example also loves it so some people get huge value it's like。

Come back from it。I mean， they say it's the best thing we ever did like like I had a boot camp client。

 for example， who went through a breakup in Houston a few months ago and like。

 you know I just kept hammering him to work with Glen and I felt I felt weird you know because like he's on my boot camp。

 I don't want to like。You know pump him on this Glen thing but at the same time I just knew how much value he'd get so I kept pushing him I'm like I'm like dude the main thing you're going to get out of this boot camp is to work with Glenn and he decided to start working with Glenn and I've been hearing some really really great feedback from him on it and so basically。

😡，You know some people just they say it's the best thing they ever did Other people are like， okay。

 it was cool and then other people can't connect with it right so hopefully you're at least someone who thinks it's cool and very hopefully you're somebody who just。

This is just a home run。 Okay， and just maybe like the last thing I would kind of you know。

 I would kind of how long is the webinar， Glenn， how long do you want to run the， they're asking。

 how long do you run run run the webinar Yeah， maybe like an hour or so， you know we'll have to see。

 but yeah， basically。Yes， so these are some funny questions on here so okay so basically。😊，Oh。

 they're asking what's the old like what's the old Mac in the background？Yes。

 we'll see if we have a ghetto blaster in here too maybe so basically。😊，You know。

 we'll kind of see what you get out of it and。What else would I add to it Oh last thing I was going to say was we're working very hard on the hot seat at home program so I hope that you've been enjoying the missions and this is actually my first time creating missions like this ever so it's really a lot of fun and。

A lot of people ask for infield to be added in the mission so we've been actually cutting some infield to show how I do the missions and we're censoring it so I think I mentioned this in the other videos censoring a lot of people think there's this like magical sensor button where you just know you have the girls's face in the video then you just press sensor button and then it just sensors it like all this different stuff it's not like that you have to you keyframe it so you go like this you go you go do。

Sensor。DSor。Censor like that。 you do it from frame by frame like you animated it in。

 you have to do it with multiple girls or if they're students in the shots as multiple students。

 so it takes a little bit of time， but I offer to do that in the missions as an added value Okay so that's some I think will have added value。

 but to tell you the truth。😡，I actually kind of like the missions without it because it forces you to interpret it yourself and go out and do it。

 but nonetheless， you know a lot of people ask me for it so I'm happy to add it in and I'm hoping to actually add it into all the missions。

 but I don't want to commit to that but I'm probably gonna go back and reupload them with that added in but I'll see how much time we have in the resources we have to do it but we'll definitely do it for at least some of them and I've been kind of customize the missions based on the feedback that I'm seeing and kind of trying to layer it for you so what we've been doing here is we've been trying to get you to the point where you have a really powerful base level skill set and we've been kind of tackling like how to talk and talk and really making you a master of talking and sexuality in this So I think it'll be good this week we actually have the advanced principles video coming out。

 I think it's about 90 minutes and it's actually gonna be including some good infield in it and I want everybody on this call I want you to take that next video along the mission that will also be putting out this week and I want you to really step it up to the next level because this next video coming out is a very。

 very powerful videos。Really lays it out in a clear way unlike probably anything you've ever seen So just get ready。

 enjoy it。 And also this week has another week， a cool thing to just focus on because this is our group this is our tribe is inter game Okay so this will be a great segment to add this week on innerga having Glen the man himself come and teach you personally So I think this is gonna be a great privilege you're really really good to enjoy this And like I said。

 if for any reason this cuts out just jump back on okay it'll take how long does it take when it cuts out usually to jump back on。

You know somewhere from two to five minutes if we have any technical difficulties we're hoping that it's working。

 but yeah， so this will be a very， very fun segment and for at least of me on this call。

 this will be the best thing that you're going to do this entire Ho at home so you know。

 because what you're going to find here is，So much value in so many areas of life okay so I'm going to throw on Glen enjoy glad I'm going to toss on here and I'll see y'all soon。

Thank you。All right， cheer throwinging。ああ。They're app plotting across the land。Yeah。要算了。

Hold on a second， you guys got to do one thing here。水。Okay， let's get started。🤧嗯。Well， so much。

So much to talk about so let's talk about let's start right at the beginning energy what if I have a title I'm known as a man who teaches energy awareness training。

 energy mastery and transformational coaching jam that the water in the drink Northern thanks。

And we're coming from my offices here in Beverly Hills。

 this is the side of it though I'm on the other side of the office usually。

And so what does this mean？You know， people come to see me for for about one of three reasons here I work with an exclusive clientele here in the Beverly Hills West Hollywood area right from about five。

Four blocks from the sunset strip here， so it's really cool area here in Los Angeles。And。

I work with a very exclusive high end clientele and in order to find you have to be referred to me or be introduced to me。

 so you won't find me on social media， you won't find me on websites or anything。

Because I work with very high caliber， high quality。

 high profile people who really value their discretion their discetness。

 not everybody tells all their secrets like Owen， he's a unique end to himself as you guys know。

 but been it's been a real pleasure to be able to work with him。So。

 so what I do is people come in for one of three reasons， number one。

 I'm an expert at making change with people。And so so if I get a call from a studio and one of their they're on a film shoot and one of the stars won't come out of their trailer for some reason。

 maybe they're drunk or maybe they're upset or for whatever reason， I get the call to work with them。

Um。Somebody has stage fed or for some reason they're shut down， they're emotionally upside down。

 I work and can make immediate changes with people like that。

The second reason people call me is for or referred to me， I should say， is for specific outcomes。

Outcomes like stage fright。Or。You wouldn't you wouldn't believe they're maybe they're having a fight with their girlfriend or something then they just can't function whatever。

They're shut down and they need to open up so I work with people like that。

 but mainly what I specialize in。That was my。Ao and the phone went down。

This is great what I specialize in is doing energy transformational coaching and teaching energy awareness training and this is what you guys are are going to be hearing about tonight and that's what I think could really make a big difference in your life is as it's been made for Owen so what is this thing called energy well。

Not me give you a little bit of background about where I've come from because you know。

 I was in the community for a while and and been in personal development as On said over 20 years。

 and I wanted to make some changes in my life， like many of you。

I'd grown up and had certain challenges and the things that I had to deal with that weren't so pleasant and stuff that I had to overcome stuff that people call baggage。

Things that I wanted to get away from。And as a result of that。

I left home and decided to make my way like many you guys do and choose to be successful and go through all the motions to be able to do that。

Um。Unfortunately。あ。We have a vision of who we want to be。

A lot of times seems we notice that there's things that are in the way of being able to do that。

And that was the quest that got me into being able to do this work because I wanted to change my life。

I was here。And I wanted to be over here， and I would do things that most guys。

Want to do you know become wealthy， you know get a great girl be successful in career， you know。

 you know， be able to have attain the life that we want to attain and a lot of times we'll take two steps two or three steps forward and then two or three steps back so I became a student of personal development。

And。Got a lot of books， I have a huge library and I would do courses and I would do seminars and all these things to try to achieve a great life。

And。I would make progress， but I never got the progress that I wanted。

 I never was able to attain the level of success or the level of inner peace。

That I was deing so it was always about the next book。

 always about the next seminar the next thing to learn that maybe that thing。

Would fix me you know maybe that thing would be the thing that would take me where I wanted to go so I have a long history as Owen mentioned from doing NLP to personal development platform speaking to studying quantum science to working with energy masters to studying spiritual and esoteric text。

 Vedantta Kaala Buddhism etc ce， I've gone the whole circle of personal development and what I want to talk to you tonight about is to go being beyond personal development think about that for a second beyond personal development because most of you guys。

You know we on here part of the that's why you're here to develop yourself to go to the next level and so many many of you and so many of the people who inquire about my work and come to see me as clients to say。

 you know I've tried this I tried that i've done this I done that done this and i'm still not fulfilled I'm still looking for。

The the thing or whatever it can be that can take me to the life of my dreams。

 to who I know that I can be。And I was there too。Almost 20 years ago， I started learning。

 I started I had an energy master while I was studying Kaal and learning quantum physics。

 who started teaching me about energy。And and as I grew， I started learning about energy medicine。

 and then I would start learning， I would be learning all these different counterparts that on themselves were incomplete。

But。Put together created something new that had never been discovered before。

 and this is what I call energy awareness training。So what I was able to do。

How did I find it well it was down you could say it was downloaded to me， it was discovered。

 it was it just came together。And as I started working through these disciplines of healing myself energetically and learning about the different energetic codes that there are and levels that there are。

 all of a sudden this，This technology came all came together。

And what I was able to do is I was able to find that thing that that could heal me。

 could transform me， could take me to the life and the potential that I always knew I was capable of doing and once I was able to do that and measure the results and see no two ways about it I was here and now I'm here。

And that this process kept going， that I was able to start helping other people too。

And as I started helping other people， you know， on a part time basis before。

 they started getting tremendous results and then word spread in the entertainment communities and the sports communities and and I。

Had some people come to see me who got tremendous results and have told other people about this or at least their own circle of friends and this has grown to where I have a very busy and successful practice here in town and as I mentioned before I don't advertise you can only find me through referral or through through a friend because I purposely keep a low profile because those of you who who understand celebrity and understand high profile people there is a group of people who need the people that they work with to be private and to have discretion so。

As On came to start seeing me and started getting tremendous results and then you he brought everybody he cared about over to come see me and I was able to accommodate him and it's been a great relationship and what's cool about that is that On can study with anybody in the world and he has studied with some of the greatest personal development teachers in the world but and what he would tell you is。

As good as those teachers were， there was something lacking that made him keep going， keep looking。

 keep searching。And what I want to share with you guys to know is that。

What we're talking about tonight is beyond personal development beyond another book， another seminar。

 another。Affirmation， what we're talking about is being able to see the invisible。

And this is what I want to share with you guys tonight so so let's move into this realm you heard a little bit about me let's let's talk about the technology here and what this means to you why should you care and what does this mean well you know when I talk about this and try to describe what I do。

I make a quote and the first quote that I talk to people about is I say that which you can see。

You can control。That which you can't see。Controls you。So。I use the metaphor of the iceberg。

 you know you've seen the iceberg， 10% of it is above the water。

 that's what you can see 90% of it is below the water and that you can't see and what sank the Titanic wasn't the 10% that you could see what sank it was the 90% that you couldn't see。

And。In our lives， when we're talking about energy， most of us when we're dealing with life。

 we're dealing with with situations， we look at the physical。Part about it so。

In understanding what I mean by energy。Everything is energy。

 everything at his fundamental counterpart is energy。

And why this technology is so important and so powerful is because it looks at the 90% below the surface。

 it looks at that invisible part that really controls what it is that you see。So first off。

 let's understand that everything that you do in life。嗯。Is an energetic exchange。Relationships。

 you're getting along with the girl， things are going great between you， she's happy。

 she's affectionate， great。Underneath that happiness is an energy。

 an energy that's going between you and her and that's flowing that's working out good it's what I call a high vibrational energy。

When you're not getting along with your girl， when you see things。

 when when you see your in behaviors that you don't like， there's still an energetic exchange。

 but that energy is now blocked。Okay， so everything is an energy exchange why。

 because we live in an energetic world， your seventh grade teacher taught you that everything's energy。

 you know， our bodies are energy， you know， the computer's energy。

 the tables are all molecules in motion。And in this world that we live in。

 no one ever told us that when we're dealing with situations， whether it's women， money， career。

 health no matter what it is。Below the surface of what we see is the energetic components。

 so just like the iceberg that I talked about what we see is 10% so when you're dealing with the situation and you're only dealing with 10% you get a limited outcome。

 but when you learn how to deal with the 90%， when you learn how to deal with what it is that you can't see。

That's when real change comes and that's what I've created in energy awareness technology and that's what i'm working with with owewen so the third thing that people come to see me about is to learn。

Energetic awareness。And to be able to transform themselves because remember I said I teach energetic awareness and transformational coaching and transformational coaching simply works like this。

You're here。And you want to be here。And you've tried everything you can to get over here。

But as you started to move it up。Something keeps moving you back and you start to move up and things start moving you back。

And what is this thing？You know， it's change。And as you guys know， change isn't easy， in fact。

 sometimes it's really hard。And if it was easy to change， you know， we'd all have changed already。

If you look at。Yeah， January 1st。Everybody makes New Year's resolutions。

 we want to change this is the year I'm going to， what lose weight， stop smoking。Get up earlier。

 be more productive， learn French， whatever it is。And you make and you make the the promise to yourself that you're going to do this and you actually start taking action。

 you know， if it's getting in shape， it's going to the gym。

And then what happens a couple of weeks you're doing great and then the third week it's getting tougher and it's getting tougher and it's getting tougher。

And then what？A month into it。goeses by the wayside， what is that force？

What is that what is that force that can turn us from wanting to make changes and stop us coal？

I asked myself that。You know， because obviously we have the intention to change。

 we want to be able to make progress and yet something changes and we certainly didn't choose it right we didn't choose。

2。You know to sabotage our efforts or to stop our goals what is this so what we're talking about is an invisible world of energy we're talking about the things that we can't see and the things that you can't see control you。

Okay so I'm gonna to give you a little rundown about how that works in the field what I've been able to do in this work is to identify the hidden forces that affect us and believe me there were hidden forces that affect us especially when we want to know why why why didn't why did that relationship that seemed to be so good and she seemed to be so happy。

 why is it over， you know why did she cheat， why is it that my job was going so good and and then it changed or got laid off or got fired or why was something going good and then it shifted？

You know these are the questions that we have and a lot of people just say think， well， that's life。

 that's just the way it is， but as you're going to find tonight， it's a lot deeper than that。

So let's delve into this a little bit， shall we？Yeah。So as I've identified that。

We live in an energetic world， especially on planet Earth。

 there are some important laws that I've noticed that take place。And that is on this planet。

On a planet Earth。If everything's energy， my body。The table and computer， et cetera。

 that means that there are molecules in motion， that means energy is in motion。

And and one of the most important lessons for you guys to get tonight。

That I briefly mentioned is that everything that is seen。Comes from the unseen。

Everything that is visible。Comes from invisible so you know this computer that we're having your computer you're watching me on what's upon a time that didn't exist it came into existence as a thought of somebody who said。

 hey， let's create something， let's make this thing happen and boom。From an invisible idea。

 it comes a physical thing。Hey， how about you and me， you know。

 once upon a time we didn't exist at least physically and mom and dad went out on a date on Saturday night and we're having a good time and boom nine months later。

 we showed up。The light just fell down off this。Okay。So if you guys stool technical difficulty here。

 good。So we showed up， so what I want you guys first off to learn。

Is to see a deeper world see is to have a deeper understanding of this thing that we called life。

And understanding that what you see。Wision。It。Is' in the energy itself。

 It's the result of the energy。 So you see。Men and women getting along， they're happy。

 you can see they're kissing and they're hand all and they seem to be getting along now what you're seeing is the physical result of an invisible energy of an energy that's what I call high vibration that's moving in a high vibratory way。

And if it was just the opposite for not getting along that would be moving in a low vibratory way。

 so let let me give you a couple of terms that that we work on here so。

First lesson everything that's seen comes from unseen that includes attitudes that includes beliefs。

 that includes the things that we create in the physical world， you know we create money。

 you know your paycheck that you the money that you hold in your hands okay you created that that your energy created that now that might might sound simplistic but really that's the formula for being able to to kind of have an X- ray vision of life and how things work。

So when you can identify energy， you can identify。In the iceberg， the 90%。

Because it's the energetic components that run everything， no matter what it is。

 there's an energetic component to it and energetic components have laws and if you can number one。

 recognize the energy and two understand the laws， you can see into the 90% you can see things that most people can。

And if you can see and operate this energy， then you can make changes and that's the most important thing that we're going to talk about tonight is the ability to change the ability to change to transform to move up and what does it look like it looks like making more money。

 it looks like getting getting the girl you want， it looks like feeling good about yourself。

 it looks like feeling empowered and moving into another level in another direction a who you want to be。

That is the result of that did you want to say something go for it。All right， so。Hi。😊。

So one of the things actually that。Kind of got me to buy into a lot of what Glenn was teaching was that a lot of time I would I would sort of explain to him different situations that I was going through and he was very consistently able to predict。

What the outcomes of those situations were going to be so a lot of times as you're learning energetic laws。

 one of the cool things about it is that you can predict people's behavior and the way that I think about it。

Is a little bit like。Like kind of a funny example and here I'll lean down a little bit here just to lock in yeah this is good so okay。

 here's how I think of it。There's been periods where I've really cut heavy on sugars as an example。

And if you've ever heard anything about that， I think I think what they say is when you eat too much sugar。

 you get candida they say and some people I I don't even know if this is true or not。

 but this is just what I've read， some people will say that candida it actually resides in your body。

And it can actually hijack your brain。And it makes you crave。

Be you know the stuff that will increase more canda in your body right so you could imagine it's almost like yeah sure hop in here for a second so Glenn's going to make a few adjustments while he has the chance while i'm here so basically。

You know， a lot of time look at my house， for example。

The only thing that'll be in there is a bunch of， you know grass fed beef and shitload of vegetables and maybe some berries。

And I'll have a guest come over for a couple days。And it's funny because they get unwittingly put on this have a diet。

It's kind of funny to watch it happens so usually after about a day and a half。

They'll start ruffling through the cupboard and look in the fridge。

 there's tons of great food in there， tons of it。But it's not food that contains sugar。

And they're not aware that they're addicted on sugar， so they'll start saying things like， you know？

Do you have anything？And they don't know what they want like because they're not even sure they're looking for。

 do you have anything？呃。Sweet， you know， do you have anything sweet？

I need something sweet and the reason why is because the candida and their body。

 this is just according to what I read and whether it's exactly accurate or not I just think it's a cool analogy related to a glen' tissue。

 their body is actually craving something that will feed the candida。

So when Glenn describes high vibration or low vibration energy。

It's just a way of thinking that are you addicted to present calm energy and if that's how your body's kind of wired at this point or are you addicted to cortisol。

 adrenaline and these kind of dopamine spikes okay and so you know。

 I've even seen this with girls who have've dated where。

They actually depend on the man to give them drama。And you know。

 Julian actually's tap into this in a lot of his old videos where。They get hooked on it。

And you can see it because。If you won't give them any drama。

They'll push you and push you and push you until you'll give them that little kick of low vibration energy。

 they're literally hooked on it， they're not ready to have peace and that was actually a big big reason why Gleneth appealed to me is actually rewiring yourself so that you want peace。

You know， rewiring yourself so that you do enjoy the wins that you have in life gratitude as opposed to feeling you know like you are missing something so you can even imagine like let's even break that down in simple way you can see why this is very valuable in the sense that it's valuable because you could get everything you want in life but if you don't have this sort of stuff down whether on your own or through getting coach on like I chose to you're not gonna enjoy life that much so let's let's say that you're you know living in a beachfront apartment。

 you've got a hot girlfriend you're having sex every day you've got a successful professional life you're healthy you're surfing every day everything is going gray but let's say that in your body you're addicted to cortisol。

 adrenaline and dopamine spikes and all that kind of stuff well then what'll happen is you'll keep thinking well what else is there what else is there and you'll start to feel crazy like well why is my life not good even though I have everything I want Now if you've seen the program the blueprint you coded I talked about that because I have that experience where my whole life I didn't have the material things I wanted or the sex life that I wanted or the lifestyle that I wanted and then I always would say to myself well someday when I get it。

I' happy that's why I'm so unhappy is I don't have those things but when I finally got those things to a decent degree。

 I felt as unhappy as ever， in fact I felt more unhappy because before you could tell yourself well when I finally get this then I'll be happy so there's hope but then you get it all there's no hope right so you see a lot of guys who actually become rich or go at girls or they have a happy life they start getting into this kind of topic because their whole entire life they thought well when I finally get what I want。

 then I'll be happy and then you get it and you're still unhappy and the reason why it's really not that complicated it's simply that you're hooked in your body on adrenaline or cortisol or these kind of emotional spikes or' actually hooked on your body's hooked on it the same way that you might be hooked on sugar it's just really what you're habituated to or what you're used to so a lot of what Glen does is he actually shows you the underlying things that are going on that cause you to be hooked on those things or looking at the initial traumas that kind of traumatize you and then almost feeds off of that energy。

Even what I've learned and this has been kind of tricky is like let's say that for example they have a girlfriend who craves drama well if you give her drama。

 yeah she may like that in the moment， but eventually you know you're exposed to some other guy who can give her even more drama so I've even seen this like a lot with girls where you know they'll say things like I just want to be loved I just want peace and you're like I can do that I'll love you and give you peace you know while we have a great sex life and have fun and then you start doing that and you know you never ever get mad and you're at peace and then they actually get progressively more and more angry and they get progressively more and more mad。

Trying to feed low vibration energy from you。Until eventually you ba， you snap， not hit them。

To clarify， but you just you know you snap and you know maybe you you know yelled them or something and then they're like or you know or you say you're gonna break up and then what happens that you trigger an abandonment trauma or getting yelled at trauma and then they get even more hooked on you because you triggered that you show that you can be a source of that energy。

 but the challenge is even though the girl might be hot。

It's not sustainable you literally can't sustain that because what happens if you get that girl pregnant right if she's your girlfriend at some point you might stop using a condom What if you accidentally get her pregnant or you further that relationship and you get her pregnant now you've got a girl that feeds off that energy that can be raising your kids so what Glenn teaches is a lot of things like how to become acclimated to being at peace and then attracting a girl who's also at peace they're much more rare but it's been amazing how even with myself as I have been going through this work I've been attracting definitely a much less dramatic quality of girl I don't know if I've all the way to meeting my enlightened female match as of yet。

 but I've definitely because I'm even not perfect yet myself but the point is is that and will never be perfect but I'm still work in progress myself and so it's kind of been interesting just to see you know the difference in women that I've been able to attract and also even the difference in women who I resonate with to the point where sometimes I'll be dating girls that are funny enough being single again in the past year and a half dating the prettiest girls I've ever dated。

Some of these girls are hot enough that you don't physically have a strong desire to sleep with anybody elseca they're so hot。

 but I meet other girls that might be you know instead of a 10。

 maybe the girls you know an eight or eight five or something， you know。

 and she might not be like as blistingly hot， but she is just more positive and at peace and I find myself feeling more attracted to those women that I could actually have a longer term potential with。

you know I feel myself less inclined to need to go out and bang tons of girls because I'm kind of at peace with where I'm at and yet I still love the process of game more than ever and I'm still am getting laid out right now because I am you know single and I am you know looking eventually for my national girlfriend but the point is is like it's not that same compulsiveness it's really for me like a lot of just about joy and that kind of high vibration energy So that's sort of you know why we want to share that with you and I'm gonna just look at the questions here before I jump off。

😡，Let's see here。That describes my last relation。I'll be yeah yeah once I get this I'll be happy Well so that's kind of the thing right or why another question is why does the chase feel better than the cash and that's the thing that's your low vibration energy。

 you're craving， you're craving and then you get it you have what you want but you're not able to be at peace and so in my case look I'm sitting here I'm 36 years old right at a certain point I've got to look at it and I can tell you even just from experience right so you've got like some you you've got me here acting in a mentor role for you in this particular area or you have Glenn acting as a mentor in this particular area what I would represent is a guy that went out got the girls got the big house got the big business you know got the cool peer group got the travel got the cool restaurants cool clothes and I'm looking at my life and I'm going。

Why am I still not as happy as I could be， you know like why I not still happy so I can show you how to get those things Glenn is almost taking it to another level and Glenn's not telling you。

 by the way， to not get those things any teacher whoever tells you not to go get laid not to go make tons of money to have tons of cool experience fuck that teacher okay fuck that teacher because you should okay you know what you know what's cool。

😡，Realize money doesn't matter when you have a lot of money， don't be like， yeah。

 live in a cardboard box on the street money doesn't matter， you know。

 don't get laid for 15 years and be like， oh， I don't care about sex。

 nobody's telling you to do that nobody rather what we're telling you is that these things are cool enjoy them but at the same time。

 if you want to really enjoy them， realize that it's gonna actually requiring you to be at peace。

 it's gonna require you to have appreciation， gratitude。

 some of the major elements of high vibrational。😡，Being in high vibration is a feeling of gratitude。

 a feeling of love， a feeling of peace， a feeling of being happy where you are rather than not being able to enjoy things and then you're just like well you got all this stuff and you can't even fucking it enjoy it but going even deeper than that and here's where it gets even crazier some guys really believe that you have to be in low vibration to be motivated right like I need to be and I'm just gonna check the questions here。

😡，Yeah， it's like I'll wrap this one point and I'lls you so a lot because that's pretty much all I just say so a lot of people feel like。

 well， if I'm not craving the next win， how can I be motivated， I need to crave the next win。

 I need to be inherently unsatisfied and。😡，Let's be honest that that can work that paradigm can work。

 but the challenge with that paradigm what I've consistently seen and Glenn talks a lot about this is that it's almost like a credit card where yes you get a shortterm win that's why you see some people that are kind of stuck in like heavy ego and low vibration they will get wins because it drives them to the next thing but the challenge is it's not a sustained success it's almost like getting a girlfriend who loves drama and you poking on her and fucking with her and she gets more and more attractive is you kick out of the house and piimppen her and she gets more attracted but eventually the relationship implodes or some kind of financial success where you' like yeah I'm gonna to beat everybody I'm going to win and it implodes so what attracts me to this work is the sustained success in women or sustained financial success and then add to that that when you're in high vibration you don't attract what you want you track what you are when you're in high vibration you track more high vibration people and you track more high vibration situations in your life and so he'll talk about that a lot as well So so it's not that we're talking down on crushing it fucking crush it crush it man like I'm on that。

like you don't even understand every fucking day crushing it。

 but at the same time it's also about enjoying it and realizing that when you're in that you know what he will call high vibrational state。

 you're actually able to work even less because you're attracting it right so say for example some guy is like you know he's like I'm gonna crush it I'm gonna crush it right and that guy's maybe sitting out in a restaurant like hell like just trying to get down his food he's gonna go crush it he's gonna go crush it and somebody's sitting right beside him who could help his life in a million ways。

But he's in a low vibrational state so that person there doesn't even want anything to do with him right meanwhile。

 maybe he was like， you know so crushed every day but also being high vibration and then he meet that guy right there and that guy changes his whole fucking life and makes it so that his work is a thousand times more efficient so it's not as clear as what a lot of people think and so what I've always believed in is a combination of very。

 very hard work every day but then and winning but at the same time coming from a position where you can have an appreciation for that a gratitude for that and not just paddling all the time but actually getting in what Glenn calls a high vibrational jet stream and letting the wind kind of blow the sale so I thought I kind of just you know add in on that maybe you could give some thoughts on that too will kind of go back and forth here。

😡，Thank you。😊，I always love to hear Tyler's response to the work so let's get it let's get some terms available because I want to give you guys some really good value here。

And To was talking about a lot of different terminologies， so let's just start at the beginning。U。

 you know， in the the basic classes when when people go， okay， teach me about energetic awareness。

What I tell them is that is that first of all we live in an energetic world。

 so what I want you to do is to start seeing things from an energetic perspective and know and know that that。

Whatever the interaction is whether it's work， whether it's play， whether it's game。

 whatever it is that there's an energetic exchange。Taking place and that's the 90%。

 the 10% is what you call it。The 90% is the energy that's taking place now let's go。

Let me expand on that what do I mean by that in this world， there are certain energetic laws。

That I've recognized and that are factual。And。To know these energetic laws is essential if you want to live a happy。

Painfr。Joyful life。Not to know these energetic laws is to keep falling in traps of self sabotage。

 shooting yourself in the foot， making the mistake after mistake after mistake。

 so let's delve into a few of these things。In this world， since everything's energy。

 as we taught you your seventh grade teacher taught you， we live in a world of duality。

 that's an important word I hope some of you guys are taking notes because there are a few key concepts that'll change your life tonight。

 one of them is understanding that we live in a world of duality on this planet Earth。

So what does that mean， that means that there's an for everything there's an opposite。

 so if there's a male， there's a female， if there's good， there's bad， if there's right。

 there's wrong， if there's up， there's down， there's east， there's west。

So understanding that in the world of duality that we live in。

 that everything's energy and that energy is constantly in motion。

 there's always going to be shifts taking place。energygy is moving shifts taking place。

 remember I said earlier what is seen comes from the unseen。

 what is physical is an energetic counterpart， remember the the iceberg， what we see 10%。

 what we don't see 90% now。Toler was talking about vi high vibration， low vibration。

 let me clarify that you may have heard them on his videos， this is what I teach。

ISince everything is energy and we live in the world of duality， then consequently。

 energy itself must have a duality to it。And on this earth it's true。

 so what I identify this energy as is high vibration and low vibration。

 so let me make it more simple。There is energies and forces that you can't see in this world。

One force wants to build you up， one force wants to inspire you。

 one force wants you to attain your full potential。But there's another force。

That wants to sabotage you。There's another force that wants to stop you from achieving your goals。

 there's another force that when it inflicts you， it brings you down so what I identify these forces as being is high vibrational and low vibrational so let me give you some examples。

 high vibrational energy。Is an energy that's moving that if it was on the radio dial would be be up up on the top part of the dial now this is an energy that's open。

 that it's free， that it's expanding， that it's life。

That it's unlimited that it's strong that when you're in it， you're in your truth that you're happy。

 joyous and free， there's creativity， there's abundance， there's blessings there's happiness。

 joy and freedom okay there's a lot of other definitions that you can call this but but we'll go with that for now and this is the energy that we all want this is the energy that we were born into you know you see little babies are they're all happy and even little kids playing around always joyful we're born into this energy but as we get older we start to connect to the other energy and the other energy is what I call the low vibration energy and that energy is。

Dark， it's stuck， it's hard， it's moving in， it's constricted， it has feelings of guilt， of shame。

 of neediness of lack。Of obsession and compulsive energies of addiction， energies of craziness。

 of disruption。And I identify those emotions as fear， anxiety。Worry， et cea。

 and you guys all know that energy you know both of these energies and you come into contact with them now these energies are at loose in this planet。

And energy being invisible， you can't see them。But it's essential for your education for you to grow if you want to achieve if you want to be happy。

 you want to have a great relationship， if you want to have a great career if you want to have health to be able to identify。

These energies。Because these energies influence you。No。The high vibrational energy。

 we don't have to think about it too much and because when we're in it， it feels good。

And we're doing being in heaven what we want to be when we're in this energy。

The problem in life that we all have wherever you are is that when you get put into low vibration energy。

 when you got feelings of fear， worried， doubt， stuck negativity。No。

It's important to know how these energies work remember I talked to you about what we don't see affects us。

Well。This is the good energy。But this is the one that we got to watch out for the low vibration energy。

 because this energy has a mission， what I've observed in studying energetics is this energy has a mission and by the way。

 this low vibration energy is at loose on this planet。

You can see it and it works globally and it works personally。So do you ever wonder？

A new war crops up what happened yesterday， terrorist attacks， bombings。

People kill low vibration energy。I mean， the stuff just， it seems to quotep out of nowhere。

 but not really because we see this energy at work if you ever want to know what did low vibration energy do today。

 just click on the five o'clock news or the 11 o'clock news， you'll see it。Now。

 what's important for you to know， you say， well how does that energy affect me。

 it affects you globally， but it affects you personally， because this is an energy。

That comes looking for you every day。And it comes looking for you in your thoughts， in your feelings。

 in your emotions。Looking for you， what do you mean？Simply this。

Do you ever have going along and you're feeling great or feeling normal and all of a sudden？

You get this negative thought attack， well， what if this happens， what if this happens， oh my God。

 this or this and all of a sudden you're in this really dark stuck place。

That is being affected by low vibration energy and I go through this meticulously in the courses。

 but just let me give you the headlines because I don't have the time to go through all the research and the science about it。

 I just ask you to use your observation。The times when you're feeling depressed。

 the fine you're when you're you've got negative thoughts。

 the times when you when you want to approach and there's some force stopping you that's。

That your feet weigh 200 pounds， this is how these energies affect us now。

You have to be able to recognize how they work because these energies are in people， places， things。

 activities， jobs they appear in parts of the day and they even appear in parts of your body so we don't have to really watch out for the low vibration energy that's what we want that's who we want to be happy joy is free abundant you know。

 in love all those things。And yet。The question is。Why is it that we end up over in the low vibration energy so much？

And that's because。If you're energetically unaware this energy can get at you and you don't know it。

 go back to the Titanic example， the Titanic looked at the 10% of what it saw and made judgments upon that。

t see it didn't understand the energy or the forces that it couldn't see and remember what you don't see affects you。

And and can sabotage you so in this in this world that we live in， you know， we go through life。

And one of the things that I teach in energetic awareness is that we live largely in a world of illusion。

That is sometimes things are what they seem to be sometimes they're not what they seem to be and we've all had experience of that now wouldn't it be great if you could identify something。

 make a decision about relationship， career health or thing and know。That you're right。

 99 out of 100 times。Well， you learn that skill when you do energy awareness training because you're able to recognize these energies see this low vibration energy I'm talking about this a little bit because this is where we have our challenges this energy comes looking for us every day we don't have to go to it。

 we don't have to search for low vibration energy fear anxiety， worries， stress。

 negative thoughts etc， it comes to us， it shows up in our heads， it shows up in our emotions。

 it shows up in our feelings， you ever won't you know sometimes you wake up in the morning。

 you know and you're awake for。10 seconds and all of a sudden the low vibrate， oh， it's Monday。

 oh my gotta got to work， I got oh and it's like， whoa。I'm in a low vibration energy state。H。

And that state。If you're not aware of it is the culprit that sabotages our lives。

It shows up in our thoughts and our feelings and our emotions， and it has a purpose。

IfYou're writing this down， write this down the purpose of low vibration energy。

Is to keep us from high vibrational energy。Why， excuse me。

Because high vibration energy is complete power over the low。

So the low vibration energy wants to keep you out of feeling good。

 wants to keep you out of happiness， wants to keep you out of joy。

 and wants to keep you focused on what's wrong， what's not working， what's wrong with you。

 why is your life the way it to ask questions。🤧Excuse me a second。Yeah。No， that's pretty。Good。

Sorry about that it wants to take you in。In the places that don't feel good， why。

 because that's its job， its job is to keep you out of high vibration and to cause chaos and disruption in your life。

You ever have chaos and disruption in your life sometimes you know。

 things are going great and all of a sudden， man， all this drama and all this chaos and all this disruption comes up。

 where does it come from？Out of the clear blue sky。 No。

 there's an energy that affects us all and that shows up is chaos and disruption and this energy。

His purpose wants to take us down。W to take us down and wants to take us out so if you if you observe how the energy works when people are feeling anxious。

 depressed or heavy or stuck or obsessed and any any of this low vibration energy。

The important energetic laws for you to learn， especially on this call that will help you。

 is understanding that low vibration energy can only attract more low vibration energy。Right。

 not good， low vibration。High vibration energy。Can only attract more high vibrational energy。So。

Part of the work here is to dissolve and recognize and release your low vibrational energy。

So you can start moving up in high vibrational energy。

 being and doing all the things that you want to do in life。Okay。Pretty straightforward there。Now。

 the thing is this energy， this low vibration energy。

Shows up in disguise it doesn't come right right up to us and say， hey， I'm low vibration energy。

 can I cause you some pain and misery and anxiety today？It comes disguised。As girls。As businesses。

 as place people， places and things， how many of you guys have ever made a decision about a girl or about business or or well let's just stay girls for example。

 you know， and on the surface， it looked good， she looked good， she looked like she was a good girl。

 she looked like she was gonna make you happy， she seemed to want everything you wanted。

And you got lured into it。And then it was only after you were in。Watch Doc and barrel。

That it changed and it was exactly the opposite。Of what what you wanted and you're all of a sudden you're in this thing that this heaven has become hell and it it's tough getting out of there I know you we've all gone through that so when you look back at that you think wow。

If only I had known， if only I had seen the signs， when you're at the end of it。

 you can see the signs， you can't see the signs in the beginning if you're not energetically aware because this low vibration energy。

Comes to us in disguise that's why we make so many mistakes。

 you know or misjudgments if we' had only known live and learn about a business deal， it comes to us。

In disguise， well， how do you know the disguise by being energetically aware。

 by being able to to recognize and understand and and see。The energetic components of people。

 places and things and to understand and to recognize that if it's low vibration energy。

There's going to be， it's going to attract more low vibration energy and you want to stay away from it。

It high vibration energy， of course that's what we all want。

 but the low vibration energy comes in disguise。So。Let me give you an example。

 remember this concept you guys， low vibration energy attracts low vibration energy。

 but it comes to us in disguise a lot of the times and we can't see it unless we're energetically aware。

How how do you become energetically aware， well you write down all the the aspects of what I taught you a few minutes ago。

High vibration energy， low vibration energy。Dark， stuck， constricted， secretive， stressful， fear。

 anxiety， worry。Et cetera， okay， so let me give you an example of that I decline client。

That came to me。And he was making a fortune in in the。

I think he was selling commodities or some kind of financial thing。And he said to me。

I do want I want to get your advice see a lot of people ask me for advice and I don't give it advice。

 but I always。Talked about energetic laws。And and I said， what's got what's up and he says， well。

 I'm working at this place and it's。I'm making a ton of money， ton of money。I said that's great。

 what's the problem he goes， well。According to the chart。

 when I've learned about low vibration energy。Which is dark stuck， secretive， stressful， anxious。

 worrisome， just kind of like。呃。Kind of out of sorts or so to speak。That Ken of describes my boss。

 the guys who are running the company。And I want to know what I should do about it。And I said， well。

I don't give advice， but energetic laws never lie， so if you're in a low vibration energy situation whether it's relationship job。

Any kind of situation。Ultimately， that's going to create more low vibration energy。So。

If if the source of your company， you think it's low vibration energy， then。

Understand the energetic laws so we thought about it for a minute。And he goes okay。

 and then the next week he came back for our sessions and he said， you know， I decided to。

Observe energy the energetic law and I quit my job and I said well， that's your decision， I didn't。

Make that decision for you， you did， but energetic laws never fail。So a month went five。

 nothing happened and he said， yeah， people just don the company making money and doing their thing。

I said， okay， energetic laws never lie second month。

We are working on some other stuff it comes to a session。And he says， hey， you know what， I' I know。

 they're still working there， and I said energetic law is never lie。

Third month now the guy's really like， man， I don't know。

 maybe this energetic stuff isn't working out， you know， and nothing seems to have changed， I said。

 don't worry。Energetic laws never lie three months and two weeks later。

The brokerage he was working for was raidd by the Feds and everybody's assets were confiscated bank accounts frozen and everybody who had anything to do with the company。

Up until the last 90 days。Had their assets frozen and had to deal with the courts he made it out by two weeks oh the next time he came to his appointment and laws weren't the point being。

Is that when you learn to see the energy of things。Of everything energetic， you can see things。

 you can know things。That the average person doesn't know or doesn't see that can save you from a lot of pain and sorrow。

 it's the same thing with girls， you know？We've all had the experiences where we meet， you know。

 a beautiful， you know， super hot girl that， wow， it should be a great girlfriend material。But。

If we don't see what's going on with her energetically， we're only looking at the 10%。

And so many of us have made the mistake where we get involved with someone。

Because of the 10% of the physicality without understanding the energy and it's the energy of something that reveals its true nature。

 so one of the things that I overcame you know when my personal transformation was the ability to not go out with beautiful but damage girls that would be great in the beginning and then eventually drive me crazy。

As I'm sure many of you have， and I had to learn to be able to see the energy around that， you know。

 eventually。See the low vibration energy is enticing you wants to entice you that's how we make our mistakes entices you with girls or entices you in a quick money deal or entices you to you know eat that you know eat that junk food that you know is bad for you。

 but but it tastes good， so if it can lure you in。It's got it and then it does its thing。

 which is the block you from high vibrational energy to cause chaos and disruption in your life and to ultimately take it down or make you feel bad so awareness the awareness and the consciousness of living living in an energetic world is so important because all of us。

Have an energy field okay and all of us are electric and energetic beings and we're ascending and receiving signals so you guys heard of the law of attraction。

 you know yeah， there's there's a law of attraction， but you can only attract。

At the level that you're vibrating at。So most of us， as Owen said a little while ago。

 most of us through our lives are carrying a lot of baggage， you know。

 we've had stuff happen to us that wasn't pretty， you know。

 a lot of us had had been through upsets and all of us have been traumatized and I mentioned that because that's an energy when no matter what it is。

 even if it's something's small like getting lost when you're two years old or you know。

 being embarrassed to school or having the girl you have a crush on。You know。

 reject you all the way to sexual abuse or assault or all the things can happen to us。

 that's an energy。And that energy。Never goes away， it stays within us unless we know how to release it and this is the core of the work that that's the transforming part。

Because when people come to see me and they've got， you know， for whatever problem they have。

Like the psychologist who came to see me last week。

Psychologists came to see me now when we normally have problems or challenges。

 what do we normally do， we go see a counselor， see a psychologist and what do we do we talk about it and we talk and we talk and we talk。

And we know all about it， but it's still there or we go see you psychiatrists and they talk and talk and they give you drugs。

So you're medicating whatever is bothering you。But it never goes away and that's the that's the the the。

A problem with personal development。You know， when when we're holding down this low vibration energy。

 see we've got， we've got three forms of of。Low vibration energy。We've got our daily stress。

 we've got our operational stress， and we've got our historical stress。

And that historical stress or what I call trauma is the stuff inside us that keeps pulling at us。

This is the self sabotage mechanisms that keep us from being who we want to be and doing what we want to do。

And and I certainly had it and I you know， I went to walk on fire or chantted with with monks or you know。

 went out on you know， Indian track， I mean， I did everything。To try to move this stuff。

 to try to overcome it， put it this way to overcome it。

But the power of energy awareness training has realized you can't overcome energy that's embedded inside you in the 10% level remember the iceberg。

 so the 10% level is the next book you read， it's the next seminar you take。

 it's the it's the next positive affirmation that you say that stuff's all good for the 10%。😡。

But I have was saying that。I mentioned the people who are trying to make change。

 and that includes a lot of people that I work with who have problems with addictions。

And trying to overcome alcohol or drugs or sex addiction or food or any of the gambling or any of the marriedria of things that hook people in。

Now those things， as I mentioned， aren't the problem， it's not the drinking it's the problem。

 it's not the gambling or the food or the sex addictions， those are the symptoms。

Of the low vibration energy that we carry inside us。And if you don't recognize， it is energy。

As low vibration energy and you don't understand the essence of how the energy works。

You'll just go looking for solutions in the 10%。Wwhich which is what we normally do。

 the power of energetic awareness training what I do with people is I recognize whatever that low vibration energy is that's keeping you stuck that you've been dealing with for years that that you've been carrying it around and and you know it's still affecting you。

And instead of just talking about it， I recognize and we get it out。

So being able to recognize low vibration energy， being able to release it and process it what I do is energetic processing。

So that you can learn how to deal with。The stuff that you go through every day。So so it's an example。

Remember I said everything we have everything that's physical also has a non physical counterpart。

 so we have a physical body here。And we also have what we call an energetic body。

Co and run might get here。So where it comes where you feel it right and you're getting your belly button。

Those of you who know Ehartoli， he calls it the pain body。And just like。

We have to maintain and take care of our physical body。

We have to take care and maintain our energetic body。Now， if you don't know。

 you have an energetic body。Gee， you're going to be stressed out。

 you're not going to even know about it。So understand this。We have 50，000 thoughts a day。

And according to the latest experts， roughly 50% of those thoughts。Our low vibration energy thoughts。

So every time we have a thought it's like an electrical charge so if I go oh did I lock the front door or is there anything to eat tonight or did I go to the bank and make it upon just every time I have a thought that there's a little bit of an electrical。

You know， twinge to it， I'm creating low vibration energy inside me， it's called stress。

That's that's the byword for low vibration energy anytime you're stressed。

 anytime you're stressed about anything you're in a low vibration energy vibe and that means we'll look at it so if I'm stressed about money what does that mean that means that there's a blockage with that money coming in okay or if I got a problem at work you know if I'm not getting along with my boss。

There there's if i'm stress in a stressful situation。

 that means energy's not flowing there's an energy something out energetically。

 you know i'm not getting along with my girl or or health challenges so when you learn how to see energetically you can start moving into the 90% of being able to do something about it most people are just in the 10%。

Trying to do something with the symptoms just like what I mentioned with addiction， you know。

 people are trying to okay， I okay， don't drink okay。

 I got a drinking problem I don't drink but but you're not drinking。For the drink。

 you're drinking because you've got some pain inside you， you've got some low vibration， energy。

 stress， worry， fear， anxiety， maybe me some some memories that you're trying to hold down， you know。

 same thing with drugs or whatever the addiction is。It's not the addiction。

 the addiction is a symptom of the energy， so all of us in our past。

It had to deal with low vibration energy and the work that we do here in energetic awareness training。

And that I do here with my clients。Here in my offices is。

Identify the low vibration energy that you're carrying around and show you how to deal with the different aspects of it so you can let it go and then as you let it go。

 you can move into a higher vibrational energy field and the whole goal of energetic awareness training is to be able to reach emotional and energetic freedom。

If you guys are writing that down， write that down， emotional and energetic freedom， what is that？

That's the ability to be。Happy， joyous and free inside you， unlimited。Reaching your full potential。

And completely content。Regardless of anything else。It's not dependent upon。

Her opinion of you or work or politics or the weather， everything， in other words。

 to be emotionally energetically self sufficient。Now energetic freedom is。When youWhen you're there。

 like it's really， really good。And then you you start moving into your unlimited self。

 but energetic freedom isn't free， it takes dedication and it takes commitments like， you know。

 getting in shape if you're out of shape takes commitment to do that。

Energetic freedom and the ability to do energetic awareness training is the commitment to heal yourself。

To move from being reactive to what you've gone through in your past。

To moving moving that stuff out so that you can move。From victim。Into your full potential self。

That's our goal in this training and that's why O who can pretty much work with anybody who wants to in the world。

 you know， does energetic awareness training and comes to see me two or three times a week so that we can we can move more stuff out。

 more of the stuff that you don't want。The feelings， the emotions， the patterns。

 and then move more into what it is that you do want， who you want to be。

 which is a high vibrational energy frequency so。Ipe that gives you a little idea。

 I mean there's so much to this to talk about it has applications in virtually everything you can think of。

 the ability to understand energy is crucial in the financial markets in business and making deals in hiring people and knowing who to associate with energetic awareness is crucial in game。

 especially especially if you want to move to higher levels of relationship。

 you know you want some great methods on how to get great girls you know and you know in the different pickup situations。

 but what's beyond that， how about being able to keep the girl， how about able to be happy。

 how about being able to be aware of what it takes。

Energetically to be in a happy long term stable relationship that's crucial to know and。

Believe me when I tell you。Your ability to have a successful relationship is 99% on understanding the energetic realms of it okay i'm just going to give you another example about that。

Okay， the point I've been making during this teleconference is。There' is the visible。

The 10% and then there's the non visible， which is the energetic portions， which is the 90%。

So I had was contacted by a fellow I know， I was a year or two ago， and he was married。

 married 12 years， had two or three kids。And came to me and he said， Glen， I want your help。

 I want to work with me energetically because I'm getting a divorce。

I said really achieve and I said you can you married 12 years I thought you guys are really happy and he says well。

 we were but。You know， I just w into the porch and she goes。I can't take it anymore。

I can't take it anymore。Okay， I said have you been to counseling。

 have you been to marriage counseling， yeah， I went to marriage counseling and it was just， you know。

 you know we got the marriage counselor became the referee if he said she said and you know。

 we tried it， we didn't get anywhere we realize， you know， it's over。I says。

So I'd like you to work with me to get my anger out so that we can divorce in peace。I said， okay。

Talk to the wife and I said gee I you guys are getting a divorce that's too bad I said thought you guys are happy what happened what did she say she says I can't put up with him anymore I've had it we're done I'm done。

Okay， we've heard that one before， huh， guys。I said， okay。

So I tell you what I'd be willing to work with with。

 I told them I'd be willing to work with them individually for a certain amount of sessions and then together to let go with that energy。

Now here's the secret。The marriage counselors and these guys thought the problem was。

Can't take it anymore， whatever their issues were， you know， he said she said。

 but I'm looking at it energetically， I'm seeing what most people aren't seeing that it's not the it's not the visible problem。

Whatever they're complaining about， he leaves the cap off the toothpaste or， you know。

 or she just never satisfied， whatever， I know it's the low vibration energy that's sabotaging this relationship because what does low vibration energy do causes chaos and disruption。

So when I identified the energy to this， I started working with them individually。

And then I work with them， you know， on the relationship and what I did essentially was just clean and clear that negative energy。

 cleaned it and cleared it and got into the point。Where their energy body。

 which was filled with low vibration energy and what did I teach you tonight， you guys。

 low vibration energy can only attract more what low vibration energy。

 so both their energy bodies were filled with low vibration energy。And consequently。

 what were they doing， move it going down in a divorce， so I cleaned that energy out。

And put them in the place where they were when they first met。

And then I step back and let the energy do its work I changed that energy from low vibration。

 which is。Chaos and disruptive to high vibration energy。Peace。Happiness， joy。

 and I stepped back and I just said， okay， you guys are good， do what you need to do and call me。

 let me know what happened。They called me back a month later。你。Fell in love with each other again。

 and they're still married today。And one one marriage got saved thanks to energy awareness training。

 probably more than that since。But understand what happened you guys。

 this is the key to understand this work。When other people saw circumstances， they saw。

 he said she said。I saw energy。And I know that if you move the energy。Things happen。

Because my moto is nothing changes until energy moves， you got a problem， I don't care what it is。

 money， relationships， health， etc， nothing will change。Until you move the energy。

And that's what we teach you how to do in energy awareness stream there's a lot of ways to move energy we want to move them the most effective way that it can be moved so what's really cool is you know this is my favorite topic I love talking about about this you know they could tell you great sports stories or entertainment stories I probably will if you ever come to my office and we work together but but what's cool is you know。

Work working with Owen。You know， he said to me， I'd love to be able to share this work and this knowledge with the RSD nationation。

And if you can pretty well know， I'm。Not inexpensive to come see。

 in fact most people can't afford to see me personally。But。

You know and say well how can we do this and he said how about if I would you be willing to come speak because that was the first thing he did I don't make too many appearances outside my offices here but he said would you be willing to come speak at the summit series in Las Vegas in Miami I said sure I came and spoke and the energy and the message was just gobbled up great response so would you be willing to maybe offer some kind of way for you know the average person to be able to come and learn about the work that you do you know with your with your high power clients I said okay so so we talked about and kick it around。

And I told them that I'd be willing to do a teleconference， I'd be willing to share you know。

 the secrets and the methodologies of energy awareness training that I teach my top BIP clients to you know to the RSD nation。

 so he asked me to do this。Webinar to kind of give you guys just a sense of the kind of work that we're doing。

And。This work， I hope I've given you a little bit of a sense。

 I'll answer a few questions here in a minute， but what I wanted to convey to you tonight is that if you've tried。

Every personal development thing you can think of and you're still dealing with。You know， your're。

Your baggage， you're still dealing with these voices， you're still dealing with negativity。

There's a way， there's a way up and then there's a way out and I was there。

And going through everything you guys have been through to wanting to change my life。

 wanting to get from here。To hear and when I finally got here and beyond。

I realized that this was the missing technology。That could help people be who they wanted to be。

 do what they wanted to do and have what they wanted to have so。

The there's a lot of interest in this work I'm happy to say maybe doing a European tour later on in the summer I finalizing that and probably going to be doing some media and media appearances to do this。

 but while while I'm still here， Owen has asked me to offer you guys who want to get in on the kind of training that he's getting and want to。

Really take a forward quantum leap in your life。energeticnergeically to come and participate with us。

And。And have some fun and move your life forward。Mel， why't you come over here， I have Michaelhael's。

Yeah。Chief technology officer， here's going to。Cheap marketing guy， come on over say hi， everybody。

What's up。さでは。That's amp on life。等了。Nice。我。Only a few minutes long， but。

Hope you guys are getting some good content here。I'm going to put up the page。

Or the offer that we have。So make sure they can see the button。

 can you guys see a button on the right says Glenn coaching？Button on the right。

 this is Glenn coaching sales pitch alert， yep， truth。Cool。

 cool so I just make sure they can see that they can't see that I come back and set that up great。

 great cool so。What I would recommend it this resonated with you。You know， because game is important。

 it's not the only thing， but it's certainly an important thing game and being able to to be what I call the man you want to be。

So not just being able to have game， but to be able to make the kind of money you want to make。

Have the kind of lifestyle you want to have。And most importantly， feel good about you。

 feel good about your life， having made peace and letting go of that stuff that you've been carrying around for a long time。

 that stuff can go。If you know how， and this is the only。

Technology its the only place I've ever seen that can actually free free you from that and let me give you another example about this too。

 you know I do a lot of work with soldiers returning from the war。And as you can imagine。

 if you've ever heard of post traumatic stress syndrome。Well， the soldiers come back from the war。

 they leave the they come back from the war， but they come back to the country and the war is still on in their head。

And a lot of that。That they brought with this is。L serious low vibration energy that's been embedded inside them。

And。You know our servicemen have been， you know， I mean they protected us and I feel all a debtted gratitude so I work with them in the same principles and the reality is all of us have something like that。

 not as intense as the soldiers do， but we all have stuff that's following us around from our past。

 stuff that we're trying to shake things that we're trying to to try to deal with and it's affecting our lives because it's energy so let me just give you guys one more important piece that I teach。

 so you're aware of this。All of us here on this call have to deal with stress， mentioned this before。

 we over gott to deal with stress now。No one has ever taught us。

How to deal with stress you would think that that would be as important as algebra or even more important。

 but no one has ever taught us so we got to figure that out for ourselves so there's about。

Four or five ways of dealing with stress and most of them cause more stress。

 so remember understanding that all energy expands。So that's why when when。

Soldiers commit back from the war， you know， the energy doesn't get less。

It it expands or when we've had an upsetting situation， you know， we hope， oh it'll go away。

 but it doesn't， it expands and it affects us either at the conscious or the subconscious level I haven't talked much about subconscious tonight。

 but that's that's a big factor that's where we put all of our low vibration energy because in dealing with stress。

We number one， we either run from it， tried to avoid it。Well， how does that work？

It's like me trying to run from this shirt trying to get away from it。

 but everywhere I go it follows me in an expand so that doesn't work number two we don't like our stress whether it's our daily operational or historical stress。

 so we me ourselves six pack of beer drugs you know。Gambling， food， you know， sex， whatever。

 whatever hit that you're getting。To try to medicate those feelings， well。

 whatever that hit that you're getting is。It's only temporary and then eventually it goes away now you still got your pain and youve still got。

The new addiction。So that doesn't help。Number three。What are we taught to do as guys。

 you know we're taught to be tough guys right we're taught。

 you know what if Cl used would do no matter how much mayhem you see you just use stuff it down and be a tough guy like this well you know what？

Human beings weren't meant to stuff trauma and pain， we don't do that well。

The illusion is that the tough guys do that， but you know what they do it in public and in private they cry their eyes out at the stuff that they've seen you know if those of you who have seen American sniper that's a pretty good portrayal you know that guy is about as tough as they come and the stuff that he saw。

We weren't we weren't meant to deal with that， so when that happens to us we become we become disaligned with our energy。

 we become disaligned with who we are and it messes up you know you've heard about the guys who are the altar boys who are molested by priests and ministers。

You know， those guys are 40， 50 years old now。And from something that happened once or twice。Or。

You know，10 times something when they were 12。That energy because it's low vibration energy has disrupted their lives remember what I talked about low vibration energy creates more what low vibration energy and that continues and it doesn't go away unless you know how to release it and to start the process of process releasing your low vibration energy in moving into high so I do a lot of work with these people and and i'm I do a lot of service work and in the addiction community i'm proud to say that。

We've done some really good things and this work gets results so I want to mention that to the next way to're dealing with stress。

 you know people act out you know if they get stressed enough they blow up or start shooting people or do negative things that's the way we were taught to deal with stress you know what are our role models now a lot of people say oh well I meditate。

Great， meditation is a great thing， however。One of the things that that I want to mention here is I have a lot of clients who come to me who've been meditating。

20， 30 years who are still stressed out。Think about that， you meditate every day。

 20 years and you still got stress， why is that？Because what did I just say？

The low vibration energy that we go through， whether it's daily。

Or operational operational means we're dealing with it on an ongoing basis or the stuff that we've been through from our past。

That's an energy that's embedded in our energetic bodies inside us and what Eart totally calls the pain body and it never goes away unless you know how to get it out。

You can't。Read it read a book and get it out， you can't chant and get it out。

 you can't walk on hot coals and get it out， all that stuff is for your 10%。

In energy awareness training， we recognize the energy and we move it out when we move it out。

It's like man people have a new life。That's one of the things I love doing this work， you know。

 in a short amount of time， people who are suffering。Don't suffer anymore。

 people who have been in emotional pain， you energetic pain for years。

It goes away it gets dissolved because I take it out because nothing changes until energy moves and we move it out and then we're moving into high vibrational energy so there's there's a lot I could go through you know on this because I love this subject and it's pretty much life。

Whatever we want to do with life。Life is energy if you understand how energy works。And and you know。

 your energetic laws and you're doing regular exercises and consciousness and awareness techniques to move out your low vibration energy moving to high。

 you're going to start moving up， you're going to start healing yourself。Okay。

 just to know this without doing， without taking any action。It's just information。

 it's like reading the sports section yesterday because remember。

low vibration energy doesn't want you to heal that there's a part of you that doesn't want you to heal。

 it doesn't want you to move forward， it doesn't want you to escape your past。

 so what just you to stay stuck。And if you don't know it's there。

Then it's going to be operating under the surface and that's the human condition that's why people are so frustrated and happy and unhappy in living lives of quiet desperation because they know there's something or some process that's holding them down from being who they can be and tonight we talked about it in the the tell seriesries that we're going to do。

We're going to go into this step by step。You're going to learn about your own energy。

 you're going to be completely educated about how the energetic worlds work。

 you're going to be able to you're going to be taught how to see invisible energy and to be able to spot a high vibration or a low vibration。

 you're going to be you're going to learn how to especially identify a high vibration and low vibration energy women。

And there's one skill， all you guys。Need to learn for your own happiness and long term wellbeing is to be able to know if a girl's good for you or if a girl's not good for you and and if you get suckered into what she looks like。

 you could get some short term pleasure and long term pain so the point the point is into work。

You know， like what Owen said before we want you to have all the goodies and all the things that your heart desires。

 but have them in the right way， have them in a high vibrational energy way so that they last you're gonna if you're gonna you want to grow and you want a great relationship good find the one that's going last find the that's gonna love you and be truthful to you and be honest with you。

 don't pick one that's going to rock your world for three0 weeks and then cheat on you or you know or steal your wallet so to speak。

 you know， it's the same thing with with all of this。I'll just leave it with this。

Energetic awareness is under is being able to see and。Interact with。A whole not level of life。

And this is where life takes place in the energetic levels， and it doesn't matter you know。

 whatever it is from A to Z， you have to deal with the energetic worlds。And and in this work。

 this is what we do so we're going to take six weeks， we're going to go over this work。

 I'm going to be giving you， you know， the kind of training that people come to see me and pay hundreds and hundreds of dollars。

You know per hour to come see me to we're going to do it with you guys because I want to ask me to and he's a good guy and he's a good friend so and he's a good teacher so he wants to make this available for you guys now we have one other premium package and that is for you guys。

呃。You know， all around the world who wanted to be able to have a session。

 be able to see me personally。We've added a premium package of three sessions to be able to have a one on one with me on Skype。

 or if you're in the Southern California area， you can come by my office。

And I'll work with you specifically on what you've learned。

In the session so everybody's got a different situation and different things going on but the purpose of the premium package is for me to be able to take what you've learned and tune it up to whatever you're dealing with some people have health issues it's their low vibration energy some people have relationship issues some people have self-esteem issues some people have business issues doesn't matter what it is what we do in the premium package is the ability for you to be able to for me to help you tweak that so that you can get in full alignment and that's my goal for you in the six weeks and in the premium package for you to become energetically aware for you to see feel and travel in another dimension of life that holds the key。

to having all the things that you want to have， because if you think about it。

 no matter whether it's the girl or the money or the house or whatever it is。

 behind the physical thing is the energy， it's the feeling。

That you have when you think that this one thing will make you happy。

And so many people come to see me。Boy， it's like sometimes it's like the pages of People magazine in here of wellknow。

 you know， actresses and celebrities and you think， oh my God， they got everything。

 they've got the celebrity， they've got the millions。

 they've got the awards and they're still not happy。Why。

 because they don't understand the energies that are moving inside them。

And it doesn't matter what you have or what you don't have if you're not aware of how the energies are working。

 especially that low vibration energy that wants to sabotage you and take you out。

There's no amount of money or no amount of power or women that are going to make you happy。

So it's all energetic okay， so that's the program love to work with you guys。

 but we're going to have on on a couple of these calls and we're going to rock it and take you guys to another realm of awareness and understanding。

So let me just check the box here I'll take a few minutes and answer some questions and then did you want to tweak the Miel。

 did you want to tweak that？The button should be good。

Are you guys able to click the little button and see Glen's coachaching this？やけるよ急ね。那个对。

I can all right， take a few questions about what we're doing。

Things moving 100 miles an hour here is a good technique。So do how do I play the knowledge？

I want to place this knowledge practically， so here's the thing guys。On this webinar。

 my intention is to give you kind of an awareness of the subject of what energy awareness training is。

To let you know， to have you be aware to expand your horizons， to look at things in a different way。

To be able to notice。Your own energy is inside you。And and。

That there's hope to be able to do something about it。It would take me。

That's why we decided the course yeah what are the methods there's a lot of methods for me to show you on what to do and how to do that and that's what we're doing the course on so。

If this， if this。Resonates with you then sign up for the course and i'll show you all the methods that i'm teaching Owen and the RSt gang to do that Okay a couple more questions here started with the laws great energetic laws okay so the laws I want you to remember for tonight。

Is。We live in an energetic world。When you walk outside the door and you start to see things as an energy。

Your awareness and consciousness will expand。When you get。

That we live in the world of duality so that everything。Has an opposite to it。And that， you know。

 I just mentioned a of a couple of minutes ago about， you know。

 the Hollywood people who come in here who have everything。

What what they don't realize is that in this physical world we're under the law duality。

 so what goes up must come what？What comes in will go what out what goes left goes right。

 so it's so important to understand that that opportunity and energy is a moving target and if you're not aware that you think everything stays the same and it doesn't you think the girls you going to be with you forever or you think you know the job's going to last forever or health or etc。

 and conditions since they're energetic and energy is always moving。

Have to be dealt with on a moment by moment basis， that's why it's so important to be energetically present and aware right now。

 see the low vibration energy wants to get in your head and take you to the past when things were better or maybe when what remind you what somebody did you or if you go through a heartbreak torment you on the great moment you had with this girl that it's gone。

Why so that it can bring you down？Or the low vibration energy you can take you out into the future。

En torment you with what if this happens， what if that happens， what if you deal with this。

 what if you have to go with that so in other words， in this energy frequency。It's， it's， it's。

It's tormenting you it's affecting you in a negative way now if you don't understand that that energy you're getting played by energy。

 you'll think that its thoughts are your thoughts， so let me give you one really more one really important piece。

 really important piece。And that is， you can't believe everything that you think。

You can't believe everything that you think。Why， because this energy。

Has licensed to hack into your thoughts。W hacking your thoughts， yeah。

 have you ever had whacked out thoughts， you know， I tell the story of I'm from San Francisco and one day you know I was driving across the Golden G Bridge as happy as can be and that day on the bridge the only thing that was separating the ongoing lanes were these plastic cones。

And I'm driving along， but all of a sudden this thought comes in my head that says。

Why don't you drive into the office， under the ongoing traffic and see what happens？What？😮。

Drive into the ongoing traffic。That's certain suicide。That's not my thought。

 I wouldn constantly choose to think that where did that thought come from？

So then I began to realize， hm。That's not my thought。

 and I have a thought that would want to destroy me or cause me harm。

What other thoughts are going through my head？How about thoughts of you don't deserve it。

 you're not worthy， you're not good enough for her。Or you remember what somebody said。

 you're never going to be successful， you're stuck， you're too short， you're too tall。

 and you're too fat， you're too skinny。All of those what I call self attack thoughts。

 we all have them。And。If you don't recognize that those are not your thoughts those are not sourced by who you really are you'll think that those thoughts are your thoughts and then you'll allow that energy to pull you into low vibration energy so part of again the training is to be energetically aware to understand where are these energies coming from you know it's like if I was in in。

😡，For let's say I was in a war zone。Okay， I'm in a war zone。

I want to be I want to be alert if there's possible harm that can come to me。

 I want to be alert and aware or if I'm in the ghetto， you know， two o'clock in the morning， hey。

 I'm going to be alert and aware if I'm not。The low vibration energy or harm could get to me now the terms aren't important。

 you guys。So don't get caught up in the terms， you know， some people go low vibration。

 high vibration doesn't matter。All I want you to be aware of is that there are energys unseen energies that are affecting you every day。

 if you're aware of them， you can do something about it if you're not aware of it。

 they will control you。Okay， a couple more questions。Let' take for your time， Ka， you're welcome。

 James。James， thank you for your time， I appreciate what would you do to the college student who wants to work on energy awareness？

But may not have the money to spend。U。Sign up in the page and RSD will work something out with you。

Okay， they'll work out on a payment plan， okay？My goal is to have all of you guys do this， you know。

For some guys， it's a piece of cake for other guys if you need a payment plate like like you want to talk about that？

Support a social dynamics at bomb and Stet will。Okay， email support。At real socialdynamics。com。

And we'll help you out， so find a way， here's the thing。

Energetic aware high vibration energy always finds a way。

And I loved working with my advanced students once they get out of the low vibration energy because you find a way to do stuff if you've got a high intention。

 I have a formula that I teach people how to create stuff， you know we're natural manifests and and。

We're meant to create the things that we want in life， you know。

 whether it's the woman or the money or the situation。

 we're that's who we are in high vibrational energy， we're creative beings。

Now the only thing that keeps us from doing that is。

The low vibration energy that says we're not that or you don't deserve it or all the baloney that tries to block us from coming there。

 but I just want to tell you， you know。If you learn one thing from me。

 my message to you is you're an unlimited being， you're an unlimited energetic being。You have。

So much potential。To be what you want to be， to do what you want to do。

 and all of us in our hearts have a vision of who we want to be and what we want to do。

And then we look at our circumstances and we're here and we want to be here。

The way to get from here to here， it's not dealing with the circumstances。

It's dealing with the energy。You deal with the energy， you can move mountains。And in fact。

 what you really realize when you become energetically aware is。That mountain is just an illusion。

And you can go either over it through it。Or。A lot of times it's not even there。

 so I just want to encourage you guys to keep keep that vision and keep that dream of who you want to be and what you want to do because all of us at RSD。

 you know we've been there before and we've worked on ourselves。

 you know especially the Owen and the top instructors。

 they've had their own battles that they're dealing with and now they're coming back to help you in all the different areas and this area has proved to be so important with RSD that's so I'm working with a lot of the instructors。

And you know， with Owen Tyler himself。Because there's value here and there's change and that's you guys that's what we want。

 we want to change our lives and we want to we want lives of high vibrational energy。Okay， okay。

 a couple more questions and then I'll。So any questions that you have？

You know about about money or about something if you have anything， it's support。

At real socialdynamics。com。Okay， yeah it is the matrix。Absolutely。Okay， massive e Glen。

 thank you for your time， yeah， okay。嗯。Can we are you going to offer again， I don't know。

So I don't know if I'm going to offer it again we'll see how we'll see how this works I'm doing this you know。

 as favor for Owen and the RSD guys because I love them and they're my friends and I want to help you guys so I'm offering it to you we're doing it now remember remember this。

The low vibration energy。Always want you to procrastinate。How many times？Here's an example。

 you see a girl。You want to open her， you know， you want to approach her and open up a conversation。

And what does that voice in your head say， u， not now。

 let's do it later or I'm not ready yet or whatever， that's a low vibration energy。

The high vibration energy is being able to be free to be able to approach or not approach。

 but not because you're afraid， so you guys all we have is this moment。

 so if you want to move forward if you want to move up， if you want to transform yourself。

 if you want to move into high vibrational energy，Then this is the time to do it。

 do what it takes to do it all of you guys， you know， if I if I sat down with it。

 you could find a way to do it， you know， put together some bucks， okay？You know。

 if you're in college？Go tourtor someone or wash a couple cars。

 do whatever you need to do to make it happen because you know what opportunity is a moving target and I don't know how long you know this is going to be available to you guys so。

So appreciate what Owen has opened up for you and both Papa and Tyler to make this available to you。

 and I'd love to work with you and love to teach you and have you move forward。

I think that's going to wrap us up here if you have。Great， go ahead。I might grab go ahead。

 here's Michaelhail， what's up guys。我。What is up guys。 So I don't know if you guys know me。

 I am Mihail。 I work with with Owen actually on copy。 I'm his top marketing guy。

 So one thing I wanted to do really quickly is touch on。😊。

How does this energy stuff really connect with pickup specifically。

 because a lot of you guys are probably having that question in the back of your minds of how does this really relate you know when I'm out in the field when I'm going up to a girl。

 what is the specific energy concepts that I'm looking at， you know， what are the things at play。

 at the time so。Here's kind of what what's interesting right so energy surrounds everything。

 the universe is made up of energy。 we know that Glenn has mentioned that already now。

Here's what's cool is because the earth is a part of that energetic field so you have the sun that's basically a giant ball of fire and the earth is around that all of that energy is encapsulated around the earth now that permeates down right so you have you know the you have cities you have you know towns and then whatever situation you're in let's say you're in a bar let's say you're out on the street。

 the energy of the universe is actually encapsulated there so how does this apply in a practical level well when you're approaching a woman energetically every interaction is。

An exchange of energy all right， so when you are exchanging energy。

 if you think about it it's like two it's like an aquifer。

 I don't know if you guys know you know how an aquifer works or let's say a dam where you have a balancing act right or let's say you know the canal where you actually have to fill the water up so that the boat can get all the way through well when you have a particular female that you're talking to or approaching her energy level is in a certain state now we talk a lot about state but what's interesting is。

We assume state to be this thing State is actually something is very difficult often to explain to quantify and to figure out how it actually works。

 but on an energetic level， when you really look at it。

 it's actually very interesting to describe state because you will realize that when you're out you're in one of two states one is what I call red state red state is you got really pumped to go out。

 you're pumped， you're aped and you're going out and no matter what you're going to do something you're gonna to blaze through stuff All right you're gonna you're gonna to go through and I don't know if you guys have seen Ow's video where he talks about short termm and longterm mating strategies。

 but you're in what's called short termm mating strategy mode All right I see you guys commenting I'm loving that you guys are loving this stuff too that's great what happens is you're in low term short term strategy mode you're pumping red energy out you're passionate you're excited All right that's what happens。

When you go out， so what will happen is as you're in this red state， okay。

 you're channeling red current。You will bump into women that are also out。

 They're also in the same state， right， Girl will prega and they'll be out with their girls。

 and they'll be。Ampped up on this you know this red pulse wave。 So what will happen there is yeah。

 R isD McKil that's right And so you you'll actually line up with their red state so if they're in positive energy and they're pumping and then you'll actually align and you'll be in parallel we talk about walk with the girl if it's day game。

 walk with her so that you're on parallel so if you're pumping red and you're excited then she's gonna to be excited at the same time and the women that are out and they're in red state。

 you're going to instantly gravitate tourism so energetically let's say you show up to a venue and you're really pumped up right the first thing you can do is try and find females in that space that are in the same state all right because what will happen is you'll automatically synchronize to their wavelength and it's instant rapport and then you can transition escalation much。

 much quicker the other thing that happens if you're in red state you'll find women that are in what I call blue state。

What that is maybe the girl was out by herself， maybe she's a little more you know introverted。

 maybe she's you know maybe she's shy， maybe she's not quite in the mood to party because she has work the next day okay that's possible there's a lot of women that you'll see out in the club that are actually just sitting back and maybe their friends got the VIP table they're out there for the group but they're not necessarily looking to get really emped up get really drunk。

And， you know， make some bad decisions right， So what happens if you come into this red state and you come up on this girl。

 maybe。Maybe you really like this girl， maybe you see her and you go wow。

 I actually like how intellectual she is， how I can tell the process going on in the back of her mind and I like that I happen to be in this really red state。

 so you're not going to be able to synchronize with that wavelength because you are too amped up you're really high energy。

 she's really low energy but your awareness should be in the following position。

 what you have to realize is she's in low state and everyone around her probably in that club environment is in red state。

 so what you actually do is you don't just match her energy。

You give her your red energy to bring her up so because you're so amped up when she's sitting there she might be just checking know her Instagram。

 she knows she has to be up at you know8 in the morning to do work and that's fine but what you're doing you're doing her a favor you're connecting her to the environment that she's in by actually taking your red energy and pumping it into her so you're creating that instant state you're lifting her energy up and what happens is now she realizes whoa she has an emotional response to that because she feels that all of a sudden she has a response she goes who somehow more connected to my environment somehow this person that suddenly came into my environment is making me feel like a bigger better part of the world that I'm in and I might not have been very engaged in this club up until now but all of a sudden I'm really engaged she'll notice that so what happened is you're taking that surplus of your red energy and you're pumping that into her to bring her up and。

happened is you'll instantly create rapport with her and you know obviously you can escalate if you want to do that you know you might even be able to pull that girl that night honestly I've done that where then I have to drive him home at 730 the next morning because they have work like I've done that tons of times so that's one aspect right you get really pumped up you channel red energy。

And you either align with women that are on the same wavelength or you pump that energy to bring her up to your state now what's going to happen with a lot of you guys is the opposite and this this is something that's very。

 very common is you're actually not in red state you're in what's called blue state blue state is it comes from your third eye。

And that's clarity of thought that's that's intellect and you know there's this idea of being stuck in your head What's happening there on an energetic level is your blue level is super super high but your red level is really low and it's actually really hard to go out in that mode because what happens is everyone else is in this really high red state everyone's pumping all this passion everyone's excited and you're feeling like I'm not I'm just not that excited to be here I really want to break through this I really want to get this solved。

 I really feel like I should be able to do this but somehow I'm just not quite able to take that energy that's blue and transition and maybe in the middle or pump it to red and what happens is because rarely will you find a girl that's going to grab you right because women are trained to be more passive than we are very rarely will you find a girl that's very。

 very very very high energy that's going to bring you up because for that。

It's a lot easier to just find the other guy that's there that' that's going match for energy it's easier for them because it's that environment so what do you do in that situation and this is a position that I've been in I mean hundreds of times you know every instructor's been in this position you guys have all been in this position I am sure and what's happening is。

You need to take that blue energy， you actually need to find the depth。

And the value in the energy that you have， because as you're standing there at the bar。

 what's happening is you have a much。Deeper sense of what's actually happening you have a heightened state of awareness because as I mentioned that video short term versus long term mating strategies you're actually subconsciously in long term mating strategy at that point and what needs to happen is you need to find people。

So the first technique is step ladder okay find one person that is kind of near where you are。

 but is having a little bit more fun okay so find someone who you can tell is kind of having fun but they're kind of pulling back kind of having fun kind of pushing back and then what you actually want to do is you want to take that person you want to push them past their little wall right it's like they're coming up to the wall they're looking at the wall they're going all the funds over here but I know there's there's somehow a wall here and they're walking back okay what you do is you take them and you go dude I'm going to smash this wall for you okay because now you actually have someone who is there。

To kind of support you in that process， you're almost using them as like as like a you know a little stunt dummy to kind of push your energy up。

 And what happens is you guys raise your energy up So what happened is that you're here。

 this guy was kind of over here and now you've taken him here and now you guys are both here So that's kind of cool because now what will happen is it will spiral Owen talks about this idea。

😊，An upward spiral okay what you want to do is you want to find little things throughout your night that's going create that upward spiral for you don't worry about the fact that you know you might be there and some other guys having so much fun and he's like wasted making out with five chicks and you're like how does that guy do that right what what is stopping me from being that guy what is stopping me from doing that don't worry about that let that go find the happiness in your moment find the center in your moment？

Find ways to take that blue energy， that clarity of thought and actually use it to your advantage because one thing you'll be able to do is as you're developing you know as you're coming in with this state well you actually notice is you're actually able to almost mindread was going on in people's minds because oftentimes when you're doing this you're gaming sober everyone else is drunk you're gaming sober and it can be intimidating I know a lot of guys probably use alcohol。

 I started back when I started a game， I started using alcohol and then I realize wow。

 you know okay it helps but there's it's like what Glen talks about as a credit card you'll use it but then you have to pay the bill at the end of the day so rather than doing that what you can actually do is come in with that blue energy and use those mind reading powers and say wow you know what I'm really aware that this girl here she might be really up but you can tell that there's something in her mannerisms that makes her feel like she's not quite appreciated and because you were in that blue state you had that height and sense of awareness。

We're able to catch on to that。And so because of that you're able to kind of go in and you're able to go into that interaction。

 match her energy， kind of ramp it up and then use that as a way to build really fast rapport and actually separate yourself out from the other guys that are in that venue because everyone's pumping really high energy and if you're if you're over here well guess what that makes you stand out you end up being you know one out of the 50。

 let's say one out of the 20， whatever it is， guys that are kind of in that headspace so rather than seeing that as a negative。

 see it as a positive， see it as a way to bring clarity to the situation， see it as a way for。

Heard to really connect with you at the higher level。

 so I just wanted to kind of jump in for a minute because。I think this energy stuff。

 I think it's actually amazing once you're able to tune in to what's going on and you're actually able to rebalance people's energies because you can use your energy to rebalance people's energies like you can take that blue energy。

 you can actually take that girl and you can actually bring her down a little bit。

 you can actually make her say， well wait， why are you here， why are you here on this earth？

Because I know you're having fun but why are you really here she's going go she's either gonna to go whoa that's way too crazy or she's gonna to go wait a minute this guy is different every guy just wants to know what I do and what my name is but this is something really different so I hope you guys enjoyed this wanted to jump in if you guys wanted to get Glen's coaching。

Get it， I think it's awesome know email support I don't know if you can have purple energy。

 but you know， Glenn talks about a lot of this stuff and it's really phenomenal。

 So one thing I'd like you guys to do is I am gonna send an email out to all you guys about。😊。

You how you liked this conference， the things you like the things you didn't like。

 we really want your feedback， as you guys noticed this hotseat at home thing is different。

 it's different from everything RSD's ever done because one of the things we really want to do is create a new way for you guys to absorb this information right so these missions that you guys are doing right this is a new way to learn because it's not just information anymore you're taking these things you're actually having to go out and piece yourself into the world and connect with it so for us it's really really important that you guys get value out of this that's why we're adding infield to the missions you guys want it infield we're getting you guys infield don't worry it's coming but anything else we'll send you guys an email let us know we want to know what we did right we want to know what we did wrong so we can improve because we really do this for you guys and I see your comment Johnny I work with Owen on the marketing I will talk to him see if I can do some hot seats for you。

at some point in the future but for now you know I'm kind of like the guy that makes sure that you guys are taken care of。

 so I want to thank you guys so much for being on this conference and。😊。

It's been a blast having you guys and we'll fire off an email。

 let us know what you guys thought and any other questions you might have for Glenn。

 we'll see if you can answer that， all right？Thanks， guys。

