# 10、泰勒 《热座》：04.成为大师：05.自由联想教学【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Social conditioning tells us that we can only we have to match up a certain type of emotion with a certain type of content。

 so say that you talk about your drive here， say it was boring， you might be like。

 oh you know I drove over here， it was nice， you know whatever right say that you got abducted by an alien you'd be like dude。

 I got abducted， I got put up in a tractor beam， they probe me。

 I learned the secrets of the universe right you'd be going fucking crazy right？😡。

And the emotion would match the content。 So we're told that we have to match the emotion of the content in social conditioning。

 right Now， what's interesting， though， is that when you're talking to a woman or even a crowd in general。

Really， the girl cares more about the emotion behind it and that sense of certainty。

 She's looking at the emotion and the sense of certainty behind it。

 She doesn't really care that much about the content。 doesn't mean to keep us in perspective， right。

 a girl in her regular life， probably has a lot of intellectual pursuits。 I mean， who。

 depends on the girl depends on the guy。 But， you know， she provides a lot of intellectual pursuits。

 She probably wants real valid information， etc cetera， etc cea。

 But that's different as far as attraction。 Okay， just like you yourself。

 maybe you like a girl who has say a boob job right， you know， you're like， no。

 these are not the accurate titties。Of what would represent your titties？And this is not acceptable。

 right， You're just like tities。 And right， you're just like fuck the titty。 Like you don't。

 you're not thinking that deeply about it。 You're just responding to what you're responding to right。

 say she had hair extensions， right， You're just responding to what you're responding to。

 say she's like know she's like fuck me daddy You're like， I have not your daddy。 You don't care。

 all that you care about is how you feel， And that doesn't mean that like you don't want accurate information in your regular life。

 Of course， you do But you know like， but it's sex。 you just， you want emotions。 So the girl。

 what she's looking for when she's first meeting a guy is a sense of certainty and emotions。

 So the sense of certainty what that shows that you're。

 you know what you't almost call in alpha male， I don't know I like that tur or not。

 but you get the general idea it。 I feel like alpha male is a term that you have to first understand。

 And then you have to graduate from。 Like when you when you really have great game。

 You're not walking around like like am I an alpha male， am I a babe male， But but to get post that。

 you first have to know what it is。 And then you identify yourself as MPA level。

 Yeah exactly That's a master pickup artist。 So in case you didn't know So essentially。😡，You want to。

 you want to basically show that tonality so that the girls respond to it。 right。

 that certainty in your in your tonality gets an immediate response from the girls。

 But at the same time， it can be kind of boring。 So if you add emotion into it， then from that point。

 now she feels a sense of certainty like an alpha male。 so to speak。

 And then she's also getting the emotions that she wants from it。No no。

 but if we're actually being serious about it and like we're getting something really。

 really intelligent like straightforward stuff， I was actually looking at the floor down there。

 And really， if you look down at the floor， you can see there's this different pattern and you've got to actually really think for a minute。

 What is this fucking pattern and think of all the different patterns that you're not even seeing in your regular life and I mean。

 it's just so much happening in your field of experience that you're not seeing So like is that a circle。

 is that a square is it a circle square， is it a circle with squares in it， I it beige。

 is it kind of a P color， is it white， I it light brown。

 and when you don't know what that is like you could even be seeing this bottle right here and this like honest tea right and that's a play on words like honest tea like honest tea like the word honesty but it honest tea honest tea is it honest tea and now you could drink the honest tea and it has like this little honeycomb on it now what I want to know is is there really a honeycomb in the honest tea or is it just a bit of honey。

If that's the case， is that even honesty in the honesty， and I don't know。👏You know。👏What it is。

And what I appreciate is that you appreciate that， you know， because as you're speaking。

 like you speak to to entertain yourself and yet you want to be appreciated and you want to feel。

 you want to feel something in life， you want to feel something。

 You want to feel anything You want to say you want to know and what you want to know is what you know because you want to know what you know and you want to know that what you know you know。

 is honest tea and you want to drink honest tea or maybe you don't want to drink honest tea but you want to know what you want to know ge。

 So you see what I'm saying， you like and really what it is like like ultimately anything。

 anything on this earth could be。Equivocateated to those patterns on the floor or could be in the honest tea。

 And the reason why is because we're all made of stardust， right， Every one of us here。

 we're all dust from a star， right？ And we're kind of like these evolved monkeys。

Which are evolved from the dust of a star。 And when you think about that and you really consider that we came from stars。

 What could that even mean about life itself， What could that mean about your thoughts， What。

 Where are we going， What are we doing here。I mean， what are we doing here， What do we know。

 What do we do， What do we drink， What do we see， What do we feel， What do we express。😡。

😀What do we let in， What do we let in ourselves。O， what do we let in ourselves。 Oh， yes， Oh。

 I see you're getting into it。 What do you want to let it to me， Sir， Are you the right seminar。

 This is the pickup Girl seminar。 What seminar do you want to be at， Why are you laughing。

 Why are you nodding。😊，What's that shirt say is it say you want to。Mimi， what does it say。

 Look at this。Call me。You know， right， know， when you put your finger like being serious。

 though like not even kidd。 Okay， like getting off that free association， getting serious。

 When you put your finger in this， you feel a little feeling on your finger and that feeling because you're fit your hand。

 you can't even feel your hands right now， right， Do you feel it。Feel your hands。Okay。

 feel your hands。 feel， but you didn't even notice your hand before， right。

I know what you use your hands for。You can't fuck me， I know， I know， I know。

What you're using your fucking game for， gayy， I know， dude， dude， dude， dude。😀Yeah。I know。Okay。

You don't say here？I know。Why are you touching your neck a that？Are you stroking it？

Are you put it in your mouth？Just put it in your mouth。You can put it， put it in your mouth。

 this is getting a little too intense。S's getting real。 I think though that like， okay， like， no。

 like joking aside that。 I know， like you guys think I'm frustrated I'm not。

 Like if you see that that exit sign up there， Like， look at that green exit sign。 Okay。

 and what look at it， Look at it。 Look at it。 I'm sorry。 that was， that was aggressive。 Look at it。

 Okay， Ex， right， How many people would even see that exit sign right there。

 How many people would even see that fucking exit sign right there。 right， but it's like。

 are you are you dumb， Like， you can't figure out where the exit go like， where the exit。s。

Oh thank God， thank goodness， they put the exercise on there， thank goodness。はは。な。

😀It's good by the way， it's approved's so unapp approved trying续完 couldn't I just a bottle of tea？😡。

Okay。哼。It's a。 No， dude。 Oh no， no， no。 Why not。 Why not？ I this， is this from homophobic。Well。

 then what's your fucking problem with a C flavored tea。

 Why can't there be a cu flavored tea for girls or gay dudes that want， No， no， no， dude。

 what the fuck， What the fuck， dude， Why can't there be a cu flavored tea and why can't that be honest。

 Why can't there be a c flavored honest tea with honey in it You can make it right now with your cu。

😡，😀は。I don't know how to handle this。This is past my pay grade。I don't know what to do。

 it always it always does just by the end， everyone drills each other， yeah。Do。

 do you guys get the idea of it， Okay， because I'm not free associating， but seriously。

 like that light down there， it's pointed up。 Can you see into my nose with that light。

 Do you like it， Look in it， Look in my nose。 Look， dude。 Look in my fucking nose right now。😡。

Why ist it when I said look at my nose， You're covering your mouth like this。 do， do， do， do， do。

 Why are you covering your mouth I said look at my nose。 what did you think I was gonna do。

 Did you think I was gonna flick a fucking snot in your mouth from here。 dude。

 if I could even do that， you should let me do that。 Okay。

 like if anybody can flick a snot into my mouth across the room， You know， as gross as it is。

 And I'm not proud of this， You know，'s not， I mean， I'm embarrassed。

 I don't know what it says about me， but I should let you do that。😡。

Would you guys be impressed by this some boom out his mouth right now。Appve it， you know what。

 I can't。 Okay， I talk big。 Why do you have to call me out on talking big？I'm sitting up here。

You got to call me on from the whole group right here。Embarrass me。Make me feel bad。

Making me feel stupid， making me feel like stupid and shit。Why？我。I like the way you look at me。

I like how you look at me。Have you ever heard the tiningles？Okay。I getting the tinles。

 I'm getting the tinkles。 I'm getting the tinles。 somebody giving me tinles。 Yeah， bouncing。

 bouncing， bouncing， boppin， boppin。😊，Bobin， boin。系。在。Pan pen。😊，😀へへへへへ。😊，うん。Tea。Come， come。ね。

Do you guys ever have thoughts like like， do you ever just breathe in the air？

Did ever just breathe in the air， just breathe deep？Let it in。Let it in。Let in。

What did you think I was single in， What did you think I was single it in？あの。What did you think。

 Why are you smiling this much？ What did you think it was。You look pretty excited just for bit air。

 that's pretty excited just for bit air。What do you think I was going to。Let you let in。

 I'm kind of shy。 I'm kind of a shy guy。I'm little shy。Is your brain buzzing？

Is your brain buzzing right now？Is your brain buzzing？You know what you should do？There's like。

 I saw this really cool guy out there with like new balance shoes。You should go check them out。は。

给我翻哪个。He's got it cool。Don't be sad。Don't be sad。How are you feeling？How do you feel about all this？

How do you feel about all this？Amazing， no， no， don't give me this fucking contrived answer。 Okay。

 like amazing。 Everybody says amazing。 How do you feel right now。Sary。I mean。Like me。

Is it because of this？Is it a tool， an aosting tool， Is it an as。

 Is it an honesty as it's like a bang。Sorry， my sp。I like it when you smile。I like it when you smile。

You should smile more。Don't be scared。Embrace the spirit。You're pretty deep， I can see it。

You're a very interesting。Interesting。Interesting， fellow。And I like that about you。

But you're kind of a paradox。That's why I say you're interesting， I can't see how to interpret you。

I feel like with most people， you can interpret them。

 but I can't interpret what's in your head right now。😡，I can't tell。If you're like this genuine。

 amazing human being。Or this little devil， you know， like in a little red outfit。

 ready to pull the fucking that little fork thing out whatever the fuck is called， just poke me。

 poke me with it。 You're going to poke me。Was that a poke when you look down the ground？

Was that a poke？What are you going to do about that？

Why are you going to throw your hands in the air like that？

 Why are you going to throw your hands in the fucking air like that。😡，No， dude， I'm trying to talk。

 let's be real。Just be aware of me。I want you to be real with me。Okay。I feel what。I like you。

I don't understand you。You scared me。I don't know if I want to like introduce you to my friends。

 You know， I have this one friend。He could be a good fit for you。

This one friend could be a good fit for you。Why are you not， that was a test。

That was a test to see if you would agree to that or not。 Why do you want to meet my friend。

 I've been sitting here talking to you all night。What the fuck， dude， What the fuck， What the fuck。

 What the fuck。😡，What the fuck。What the fuck。What the fuck。What。Would you want fuck my friends。喂。

😀Yeah。Why got read that into it？I'm not for sell， by the way。 this is， this is seminar。

This is the seminar right now。 This isn't me for sociating。Okay。Okay， so so each thing is a lesson。

 Okay， it's a very important lesson。 And you better understand it。 You better get the fucking lesson。

 You better get that fucking like， don't look at me like that。 You don't look at me like that。😡。

Close your mouth when you're talking to me， close your mouth when you're talking to me。

What's this lean， What's this lip， this lip thing， What's this， What is that。

You're riding the wave right now。 I can see it。 You're in the fucking zone， right？Rad and wave。But。

What's over there？What's over there？What's over there？What the fuck is back there。 look。

 I care about you。 I want to be closer to you。😡，But you keep pushing me away。

You throw me into the fucking trash， okay， you throw me in the trash。And if you keep doing this。

 your life will just be a trail of used condoms and abortions。Okay， look。

 I'm not some fucking 8 year old fucking man。😡，I have feelings。は。

Wait I have a lot of feelings to be honest with you。 Today， I woke up， I woke up out of bed。

 and I was just like。ああ。Shit， I'm tired， that's the feeling。系。Do you ever feel that way？

Did you ever feel that way？What do you want out of life？What's your deepest ambition？

I see you're thinking deeply。Have you not formulated it yet？Sorry， don't say sorry。

Don' don't say sorry。Hey， hey。Don't say sorry。結こじゃん。This is the fucking Tony Robinson， okay？

DonDon't say sorry，Okay， all you got to do， all you got to do is be you， be yourself。

 speak from your heart。I know you can。You love me？Thanks。I love you too。 What。Really。

 I'm kind of shy about it。I purple。Oh， shit。You're going to make me do it。He's not kidding。

 That's what I like about you。 You know， I like about you。 You think outside the box。

me do you think I'll have the box don't you？I recommend info lessons to everyone do you？

What do you learn from it。Wait， getting， wait， wait， wait， you're getting a bit serious right now。嗯。

I know you have a serious side。Have you ever just been walking down the street？

And you just see a tree， right， U tree is just this bright green。Organism。

 like it's just this bright green， fucking thing。And you just look at this tree。

You look at the crevices in the tree。At each crevice。That had to grow on his own。

It'sJust just like how you had to grow。You know， like if you were to look at your arm right here。

 there'd be like these little hairs on your arm。These little tiny fucking hair。And you。

 even as a girl， even if you have hairs on your arm， it doesn't mean like you're hairy。Okay。

 it's just little thin hair， right， The difference between hair and the thin hair， like。

 like girls have hair on their body。 right， You have hair on you。 You shave it off。Shave it off。

You shave off a lot of air， right， I get it， you know， but that's called grooming。

 I like that You groom。got you got nuts。 She has coconut She's got coconuts who here wants the coconut。

😊，嗯。压收。😡，Green tea。嗯。How many years of me being around？Girls， did it take to turn into this。

 do you think？あ哈啊。I'm more girl than girl at this point。That's right， girl。 your little80D brain。

 I know my way through it。 I've been in there。 I've bit in that brain。

 I've been through that chunkngle。 I know what's in your fucking 80D brain。 I've crawled through it。

 I know exactly how your brain works。You thinkca I'm a man that I think like this。

 I can think like this just like you。 I can be little I can be a little kidten in a prairie。

 chasing the butterfly， chasing the leaf， just like you， girl。かっでした。Oh takes a little tea。Honestly。

Getting crowd shots off on own。 all text， all text the little tea。Alfonzo。Come on， you， you know。

 you got， I know you got any， not just there like a separate one。 I know you got any。 Hey。

 look at me， look at me。 You can't handle the truth。 You want the truth。 You want the truth。

 You cant。😡，Why， why？Wait a minute。准。Drag the。最大哥。Drink not come drink。ああ。Give me some car。

Anybody else wants them come， anybody else wants them come。Who wants them come？

You all did come He's got a you know All right so those start coming okay。In a weird way。

 that was the strangest part of this entire pass out've ever。😀あ。was that。Just just out like。

It made it real， Yeah， it made it real Yeah， it made it real when I hear the slap。

 I was like broad by like PTSD， I was like， where am I？Who actually came and even that？He actually。た。

Okay， daddy all right， does let he say said daddy， no， daddy， no， no， daddy。HeDady please。

 he wants head give it to。Yeah。Well， anyway， loved by their father。😀I like how you're slow here。

 You're like， I'm running the shit。 Yeah， shaking how your shaking。 Look at that shit。 One shaking。

 Yeah my She needs more come。 He needs come。😊，G them some or go okay that's too much now。 Come on。

 Okay， cross the line。😊，Okay， so now， why did we go so deep on this topic。

 Because guys really struggle， Why did we go elbow deep on this topic。

 Because guys struggle with this， right， guys struggled what to say。 In't that funny。God。

 how many of you feel like if you could do that， you'd actually have a fighting chance in a fucking loud ass nightclub full of like 80D chicks。

😡，You'd have a fighting chance。 It still may not be enough。

How you didn't understand the point and the just？Oh yeah。It's the girls all need come。 That's it。

 Yeah， And like like like you can open up the throttle like this and you can have it where like every girl in the club is just jocking you like you see。

 I'm doing a lot of things I'm like no， and then I like little accusations。

 And then I do little observations。 And then I do like little critiques。 And then I give validation。

 I keep going back and forth。 and then I free associate。 And you're not quite sure what I'm gonna do。

 and then you get reactive and essentially if you do that。

 you can draw so much energy in your direction。 And you can really see by how much I can just keep doing this。

 I'm fucking live in the shit。 Like this came from years of clubbing and straight go to mother fucking war against the little fucking DJ the fucking booze and party favors。

 the friends。 And I'm like I just want to meet a girl。 the DJ is like Calvin Harris is like。

 you're not meeting a girl。 I'm putting on my next song。 And I'm like， I need to battle through。

 Keep fighting a Calvin Harris。😊，Yeah， right and and like all the friends in the chaos， right。

 So in my mind， like， I'm gonna go in there and I want to just straight dominate and have the ability to get that attention。

 And I want and I want nothing to hold me back。 You follow that nothing should hold you back ever。

 So you want to go in there。 Stright ready to go。 And there's no reason that you have to go up to a girl and be like。

 hi， Whats you mean right， And then Calan Harris comes on drinks， friends， pot drinks， friends。

 pot drinks， friends， pot dis， drinks， friends， pot drugs， drink friends， pot dis， drinks， friends。

 pot drugs dis，で。So， okay， weird。 I cross the a line again。 I'm sorry， okay so。alwaysOkay。

 so you see so okay， so you see the general idea， right， which is that in， in。

 in certain like dance clubs or high status club， like you。😊，We you he did。Thanks，s friends。

 it going to be the next ra song by R Z。 Me wholu of the we're like。😊，And the girls are just like。

 yeah， this is the best song I ever heard， it gets right to the point。So you see the idea here。

Every time I say that he's like， what the book is like we don't。

 So every single dude junior has been in a club where you can't get the attention。 right。

 You've all felt it。's， it's brutal。 Okay， so you like me and Luke。

 we often joke it's like we didn't become like this like girls made us like this like this wasn't us like we didn't remember mean like why is he acting like this。

 He's like what's up Yeah， Yeah， cause one of our buddies。 He took。

 He took a program with us And he was like he's like， why are you guys like this like women did this。

 We didn't do this。 we would never have thought to do this。 Like。

 we're not like just sitting there like like， you know't be cool yeah， Yeah， it。😊，Yeah。

 it it basically just came from going out to high stimulus environments with girls there that are getting a lot of attention。

 There's the annoying things of attention。 And what you're really doing is you're jumping over the social conditioning that says you have to have a linear conversation and you you're getting right to the core of attraction。

 which is that energy control。 So you'， you're cutting through the bullshits。😊，がる。じあ。

had him in freechar running around。Yeah。Yeah。是。うあのなれ。Okay。

 so so you see the general idea is you want to get right to the attraction。 right It's like， look。

 if you're gonna have sex a girl， you know， because a lot of guys wish it was logical。

 Like guys get mad that it's not more logical， right， But like okay。

 say you're gonna have sex a girl。 Like are you gonna be like now is the point where we first do what's known as manual stimulation And here it is。

 first， we circle the cl 19 times count with me 1，2， All right， we've warmed the oven a little bit。

 now we'veed now we go into the oven to make sure the element is heated well。 Here we go。

 a little G spot stimulation there。 Oh， okay， how many count with me，3，4，5，6，7，8，10， Yes， all right。

 Okay， okay， spread them。 spread them。 now it is time for what is for P now penetration。 Here it is。

 And we're gonna do this for1。2， right now， we do a nious stimulation。 Here it is。

 It's a circle there。 How are you enjoying this。 Is this working for you， Okay。

 now you call me your dad， call me your dad。 No， I'm not your dad。 is part of the sexual alcohol。

 Sam I'm your dad。 Thank you。 Thank you。 I'm not your dad to be clear。 I'm not your dad。😊。

It is part of your imagination。Okay， usually， okay， now we'll， we'll stimulate while this。 Okay。

 now the dad number two。 dad number two。 I no， I'm not your dad。 We clarify this。

 It's it's imaginative。 It's im。 It doesn't have to make sense。 dad number two。 Allright。

 Now we get the lubrican for The flipover。 flip over here。😊，And I'll put it in your ass。 Okay。So。

 okay， so you see that right now， now， maybe that could work。 And I haven't tested it to be fair。

 Everything must be field tested。 So I'll test that tonight。 I'll tell you all'll。 But I。

 I'd assume I assume it's not as good as a sandwich。 Aaron so。😊，Get here boy， you got a pretty mouth。

 get it up here， you get it up here here in a mouth。So， okay， so anyway， right back on focus now。

 look no， no， no， no silliness。Put it in your mouth。 Yeah so， okay， so， okay， so so in， like in sex。

 sex is crazy， right， like sex is super crazy。 Well， so flirtation is that prelude to sex。 So for me。

 like like， I like to dial it up。 So that's in a chaotic environment。 in daytime， I may not do that。

 However， I may do elements of that。 So it's it's really something that you can use for energy control to be sprinkled in when needed。

 I mean， I have many pickups， where it's just very chill。 what's up， Just talk very chill。

 Like I do a lot of pickups where it's literally just small talk。

 And if there's not competing stimulus。 say that word competing stimulus。 competing stimulus。

 then you can， you can always， it's just easier， right， Okay。

 But when you go there competing stimulus， Boy。😊，Get out。

 Some the next media clip of me teaching a seminar Like， what's me teaching now， And I'm like。

 you get。😀The next media clip。 This is a whole thing of media clips。 Any point in it。

 you just take it。 And it's the next immediate fiasco。 anything they're like，re like， come。

 come then I'm like。😊，I'm like， eieces。そ。YouI am your dad。You dead thank you。快了。うち。You on my clip。

 I the think of doing I asking girls if they'd rather have some of their fathers come or their dogs come and it's a whole thing that's in the hot seat。

Hey， that wasn't too far。Okay， so， okay， so again， say the word competing attention。 Okay。

 so so as off the wall as this is， how much do we have your attention right now， right。

 I it is this one of those seminars where you're zoning out at this moment， Are you guys zoning out。

 You're like， oh， think I've heard this one。 have heard this。 Oh， oh。

 this this is about writing out my values， I already know my values。 I'm tuning out。

You know't like in a lot of seminars they try to make you right out your values。 Good shit。 actually。

 It's amazing， but you see， but you might have heard it。 You might zone out。

 Like you've got to find your why。 You guys ever heard that when you know your why。

 you'll have the motive， but you've heard that。 So it， it's amazing。 I mean， I even teach it。

 But at the same time， you might zone out。 Okay， but but this is for pimppin。 Okay， this is for game。

 this is for meeting girls when there's competing simulation。 So that being the case。 you know。

 did I lose your attention any point。 Okay， well， when a girl's partying And there's crazy music。

 crazy friends go with nuts and all this kind of stuff。 if you can actually learn to play with it。

 Just energetically。 have a little bit of fun with it。 Get out of your like， it has to be like this。

 Like it just it has to be like this。's。I'm I'm a here。 I'm like， do I still have that here。

 Thank you。 It's okay。 I preach。 He doesn't want it。 Okay。

 what you want to do is you want to think yourself， you know， why does it have to be a certain way。

 And if there's competing attention， you can bring in everything from free sociativeness to getting them qualifying themselves to you like。

 as I was talking to you， did you feel very much in reaction to me。😊，You， yeah。

 how much interaction to me did you feel？You're completely in my frame dude。' like all of you。

 You're all completely my fucking frame now to be fair。 I'm running the seminar。 It's my crowd。

 You're here to see me。 You see me on YouTube going， hey， guys， name's Tyler from real dynamic。

 I'm taking a shit and had an insight。 I'm gonna blather about it for a now Here's my thoughts on now taking a shit revolves around women because I talked about everything else。

 And now I've resort to this。😡，So you've already seen。Yeah， I'm video up next。And neck， and next。

 and seal neck。It's a five series video。 It's also a live not bonus。😊，Luke Crow in YouTubetu。

Get me here。That's what I'm saying。Now， do you see how my mind can go from logic to just let go。

 Do you see that。不。They got any your wes。 asking No judgment。

 So now what's funny is now this now here's funny。 anybody。

 like anybody watching this like say I put this out on YouTube。

90% of people who have never gone out and never seen the reality of meeting women in high competing stimulus club like what the fuck page seen this this is fucking stupid。

 Just be yourself。 man， fucking is shit。 And you're like， yeah， Okay， let's go to one oak。

 when fucking Calvin Harriss in the front。 Leoa Caprio is in that table。 Chris Browns in this table。

 they're all fucking going crazy。 Let's see you even open a fucking conversation。 Oh。

 you can't No I could okay， let's go that And they can't do it。

 You guys ever notice that Like whenever people even get into the first of all， I can't get in。

 That's a good point。 Okay， ask Chris Brown。 Yeah， thank you。 Yeah， they can't even get in。

😀Ylow top So thank you， brother。 Thats the problem My favorite part Okay So。

 so now think of it this way。 So the average person who'd see this who has never gone I it' that's good。

 that's good。 Okay， now focus so what you， so what you have is like it's like this， right。

 you get it， you get it to where the average person literally has no understanding of the competing stimulus issue。

 they don't get it， right， So when so if you don't， if you don't do game and then you see this。

 You're just like this is the dumbmy shit I see in my fucking life。 if you do do game。

 you also believe it's a dumb shit you see in your life， And yet you see how it could help you。

 So so you see now like me as a guy who's been doing cold approach pickup for 15 years。

 it's interesting to see how my brain's wired and where it goes to。 Okay， so the question is。

 how am I able to do that and the million other things that I'm doing。

 And that's what a lot of these exercises here。😊，😀In the Hai transformational experience I' meant to show you。

 Why am I not confined in by the social conditioning， What am I kind of tapping into。

 What are the kind of mental slots that allow me not to run out of things to say to understand energy control to understand how to keep the girl in my frame of reality to get her reacting to me。

 How do I get around the fact that I'm not the traditionally good looking guy。

 How do I get her out of her logic， which says she needs the six foot guy that's prim in property。

 looks like this and he acts like this。 And I need to wait five days have sex with them。

 and get her having casual sex in a bathroom with a balding ginger with a pot belly。 And I'm like。

 yeah yeah yeah， And the girls like， that sounds great。😊，How do we get that？So on floor。Okay。

 so so we're， what we're looking at here is， again， social condition。 Okay， the come。

 that was the earlier part。 We're doing the next part。 Okay， okay， okay， alright， so， so you're。

 you're getting it to where average person social conditioning。

 The average persons walks up to a woman。 they go， how are you。😊，What's your name。

 Where are you from， What do you do and the girl。Blows them a fuck off。 Now， using energy control。

 being a very present， good masculine vibe grounded， you can do pickups like that。

 And they'll still work。 But sometimes again， like I said， you have competing attention。

 or sometimes you got， you got to pull out the big guns a little bit because she's not getting into your frame。

 So sometimes you want to whip it on right And you just I can go for it。 So you know。

 it just depends Like even me doing a seminar when I do RC free tours。

 I don't even know what I'm saying， like what I'm gonna to say when I go in and I'll give content。

 And then and then if the room starts a zone out a bit。 Bam， I just I just pull stuff like that out。

 And then it reasserts attention。 And then I go back to normal。 You catch that。

 So you never want to take one thing too far， you want to balance it out。

 So this is me just showing you how to do that。 And it really。

 can you guess how long I could do it for。😡，Forever， basically。

 I've gone to parties like big fucking mansion parties in Hollywood。 And I just get like that。

 And I'll have like 1015 girls around me all the time。 Well， I'm like I'm like teasing them。

 I'm telling them to go away God， the last part this was smoking a cigarette。

 I kept saying she had a crack habit。 And I kept going This girl is like a 10。

 And I have the whole surroundinging area being like it's okay。 So the crack habit。

 It's okay the crack addiction and I love like that because what it does now a sudden that 1 who wouldn't give a crap about me all of a sudden now the whole area is on me and has attention on me And then what I'll do is I'll go to these like Hyat networking parties and''ll be like celebrities there'll be Hy marketers。

 business people， Ho girls And I just go around having fun。 this is my big thing。

 I just go around having fun。 And I don't do this all the time。

 Sometimes I'm introverted sometimes I'm shy。' don't like know if you see me out， I'm not doing this。

't be like I thought he did it all the time And he did cartoon character superhero from YouTube。

All day， all day。 No humanity at me。 I'm a cartoon from the Internet because I'm on YouTube。

 I'm not a person。 I'm not a person。 I just do this all day。

 but at times when I do decide to turn on you'll just see me having fun。 I get so loopy。

 I'm having fun。 The girls start jocking。 The girls are coming and they're wanting attention。

 now you've made out with7 or8 different girls in front of each other。

 now they're making out with each other。 you guys see videos do double makeouts。 Okay。

 now we're all making out next thing you know， we're all going back， we're all having sex。

 and the dorky little balding Ging is now having sex of the hottest girls in the club on mass。

 the fucking six tall like abercrombie type dude is sitting there just going home like your name How are you。

 and I'm like walking out then and then the marketers are all hitting me up。 they're like。

 I want to work with you bro I want to。 I'm go I'm're like， no you're amazing。

 I want to work you because it has this like surreal vibe to it。 then I'm like all right all right。

 take my number right the whole next week all hitting me up。😡。

Right now you've got the other celebrity dudes there。

 and they're at a higher level celebrity than I am。 but what does everybody want。

 What does everybody want come come。They want the， No。

 what they want to do is they want to hang out people having something that runs come。 What is it。

 fun， Fun income， right， what everyone wants， So， so now and this is a big frame。

 Like all me like guys that run like billion dollar hedge funds or things like that。

 And they're always like， what do you want。 You know what I always say， I'm like， my biggest thing。

 I just want to have a great time。 Every day I wake up， I want to have a super fun time。

 What does that do to the billion dollar hedge fund guy， What does that do to the celebrity。

 What does that do to the girl， when you're like， I just want have fun， Like， you know what。

 you know what I give fuck about having a great time And you're laughing so much and joking so much。

 So， what does that do， how does that flip the frame。😊，Makes them think about it。

 It takes because normally their go to is like I'm the celebrity。 I I'm the Vc guy， right。

 I you know， I'm the marketer guy。 You're gonna come to me， But all of a sudden。

 there's this one person who doesn't care and he's having more fun than them。

 And now the celebritys going， should。 I thought my life was good。 But he just seems so much happier。

 And more people are paying attention to him than me。 And I'm doing that to him。

 I'm giving him a nogie and shit I right， And everybody's having fun。 And now they're calling me。

 You guys see that。 So it's that and really what it comes down to is that everybody just wants to let loose。

Everybody feels that remember in the free tour， we saw that。 we saw the guy who came up to the front。

 and he was very bogged down by social conditioning。 That was a stronger version。 But the truth is。

 we all have that to an extent。 That's why everybody loves those transformations。

 because even though you might not have it as strong as he did， everybody has it to an extent。

 So when you can get out of that， all of a sudden， you're having a lot of fun And really you're in a very resourceful state having fun and funny enough。

 even though your mind might be loopy。 you've kind of given your mind a bit of a break。

 And then when you get back to being focused。 Like， see how a minute ago， I'm loopy。 now I'm focused。

 But how focused am I。😊，So have you ever， have you ever said thanks。 Thanks。 So the idea Okay。

 so what I'm doing is is I allow my mind the break to let go of the dense energy。

 let go of the heaviness。 And then the next thing you know， I'm having a lot of。

 And and when I want to shift back into focus， I can switch gears and my mind's hyper focused because I pumped up the serotonin dopamine colon Gaba。

 my minds in this nice place。 So now if I got to get down to business， we can get super focused。

 we can go make a bunch of money， we can go do meetings where we exchange really clear accurate information。

 speak with conviction fun。 And when you're having lot of fun people buy more into your frame because everybody's like whos the happiest。

 I want to hang out with whoevers the happiest。 see that Okay， thatimppin there。

 You know what I'm thatimpimpimp。 So so that's how I kind like let my mind go So again with social conditioning cause not the effect。

 most people's minds are at the effect。 of all these emotions that are hitting you。

 But when you can get out of that when you can。😊，Then that， all of a sudden。

 you're dictating your mood。 Okay， so when I'm good emotional loopy， Fun。

 I'm getting out of what's called condition thinking。

 Have you guys ever seen the hallucinogenic movement that's really been emerging like DMTyahuca shrooms kind of stuff What it does is it shows people how their minds can get out of condition thinking。

 You don't even know what your mind can do。 people come up to me every're either thinking I'mil or or whatever that's the limitless pill like can you be possibly staying the sharp without prescription Mad impossible and I'm like that's a great compliment。

 but you don't need to get something from a pill。 the mind can do with the pill。

 the mind can do it on its own。 Okay as far as like hallucinating， for example。

 and letting your mind get little loopy and seeing what it can do What you guys saw here。

 that's a tip of a very large iceberg。 Like I'm just playing with you guys for couple minutes there。

 We get a lot deeper than that。That just mean， I mean， we could do the whole night like this。

 Well I don't know we're ready for it。 So yeah we're gonna do a bunch exercise today。 Okay。

 but maybe we'll make another seminar where's just an utter shit show where we just go deep。

 We're like flying。 It's like fucking like flying in the Death and fucking Xwing we're going deep。So。

Okay， but you see， like， even in the jokes there， you see how like the mind can quickly free soci just bang。

 you see that just out， right， So so the is it's like， it's like're like Bruce Lee。

 like you just be there and just like like you you just go。

 Your mind can do things that you don't know that it's even capable of。

 The problem is people think they gotta take like， like they gotta take a hallucine or something。

 They're not pushing themselves。 P yourself。OkayPush yourself try harder motherfucker if the mind can do it with a drug。

 it can do it on its own， but you're not pushing yourself， go a little deeper。

 go deeper try harder so the mind is socially condition into condition thinking and you can break out of that So one way that we're gonna break out of that now we're going ride the wave here okay is I want to condition you。

😡，To let go and to tap in。 And what that means is that we're going to talk first exercise。

 It's just the first。 We're gonna to do a bunch。 Okay， hot see transformational experience。

 You guys you guys want to fucking transform today。😡，Okay。All right。So what we're gonna do。

 first exercise right at the bat is we're gonna get it to where you are going to speak about something that's boring。

 but you're going make it interesting。 And that's in your cadence， your expression。

 what you focus on in it。 If youre， if you describe your drive here。

 there's so much more that you can add。Then just saying， I drove here， here and drove， that's it。

 that's the story。That drove here。What do I get today eh， can we fuck？Okay， so you。

 you could describe everything from the the feel of the handlebar， right， Again。

 if somebody was hired to this fucking mind to be thinking about shit。

 So it's like the feel of the handlebar。 what was like or the handle that's what's on it。

 What it felt like how you press down the gas what you felt in your muscles， what you experienced。

 what you thought， how those thoughts flowed， how the energy flowed and that's just the first fucking one second of getting in the car mother fuckcker。

 So you can obviously come up with some shit， you don't have to run out of things to say， Okay。

 if one fucking second of getting in a car could yield like like give me like honestly。

 like one hour to describe the one second getting in the car And like if we want to have just me do the whole hot scene and you guys want to shit。

 I I would take that test。😡，You know right。 But just think of everything that you could that you could focus on。

 I mean， it's endless in the field of experience。 So that being the case。

 we're gonna get out of the condition thinking of the surface and describe your drive here。

 We're gonna get in groups of 4 or 5。 don't get hung up on like picking who's gonna be in your group and spending fucking like are you in the group。

 I don't know。 I'm shy。 I'm too shy to ask。 even though I came to the seminar。

 I can't even ask someone at the seminar to join their group。

 because I'm shy to introvert just fucking， we're gonna step up here guys。 We're gonna step up。

 You're gonna to go your group。 Thanks So just do that。😡，Yeah。😊，So that being the case what we okay？

Work to belong and heart his voices，50， okay， so。Yeah。I got more tricks than that。

I'm not just the old。So the I D being're to go into it。 go in groups of4 or 5。

 describe your drive here， Get out of your social conditioning for a minute。 And again。

 these exercises，re， they're gonna stack on top of each other。 Okay。

 so we're gonna do a couple just stack on top of each other。 Okay。

 and and it's just we're gonna touch the surface and then keep going deeper。

 We want to get you with the cause， not the effect。 Okay， so here hot transformational experience。

Not just about learning。 It's about transforming。 You guys ready。 Let's do it。

What you guys are going to do right now is you're going to get it to where you are going to speak about something that's boring。

 but you're going to make it interesting。 And that's in your cadence， your expression。

 what you focus on in it。 if you describe your drive here， there's so much more that you can add。😡。

Then just saying， I drove here， here and drove， that's it， that's the story。That drove here。

What do I get today eh， Can we fuck？Okay， so you， you could describe everything from the the feel of the handlebar。

 right， again， if somebody was hired to this fucking mind to be thinking about shit。

 So it's like the feel of the handlebar， what was like or the handle that's what's on it。

 What it felt like how you press down the gas， what you felt in your muscles， what you experienced。

 what you thought， how those thoughts flowed， how the energy flow。

 And that's just the first fucking one second of getting in the car， mother fuckcker。

 So you can obviously come up with some shit。 You don't have to run out of things to say， okay。

 if one fucking second of getting in a car could yield like like give me like， honestly。

 like one hour to describe the one second getting in the car And like if we want to have just me do the whole hot scene and you guys want to shit。

 I would take that test。😡，You know right。 But just think of everything that you could that you could focus on。

 I mean， it's endless in the field of experience。 So that being the case。

 we're gonna get out of the condition thinking of the surface and describe your drive here。

 We're gonna get in groups of 4 or 5。 don't get hung up on like picking who's going to be in your group and spending fucking like are you in the group。

 I don't know I'm shy。 I'm too shy to ask。 even though I came to the seminar。

 I can't even ask someone at the seminar to join the group because I'm shy to introvert just fucking。

 we're gonna step up here guys。 We're gonna step up。 You're gonna to go your group。

 Thanks So just do that。😡，Yeahは。😊，So that being the case what we okay？Work to long and hard。

 his voice is 50 Okay， so。各成后续完整更新联系阿姆微信70075683。I got more tricks than that。I'm not just the old。

 So the I D being。 We're go into it。 describe go in groups of4 or 5。 describe your drive here。

 Get out of your social conditioning for a minute。 And again， these exercises， they're。

 they're gonna stack on top of each other。 Okay， so we're gonna do a couple just stack on top of each other。

 Okay， and and it's just， we're gonna touch the surface and then keep going deeper。

 We want to get you with the cause， not the effect。 Okay， so here hoty transformational experience。😊。

Not just about learning。 It's about transforming。 You guys ready。 Let's do it。 Gr it up。Yeah。

 at a world class level， you know， at a novice level， it's about forcing it。 at a world class level。

 it's about letting it come to you。 And what that means is that you have to get out of your own way。

 You have to truly get out your own way。 And that's where great sex comes from。

 That's where great great flirtation comes from。 That's where a great night out comes from。

 Let it comes to you。 So that be the case。 what we're gonna to do right now is a second exercise to learn to let the game come to you。

 And what that is is you're gonna do the free association exercise from a frame of what I call floating thoughts。

 you want swing it super simple， super simple focus right floating thoughts。

 you just have to say a different word。 and it has to not relate to the previous word you just said。

 you can't say floor wall ceiling。 It can't be about the environment。 It's be completely random。

 It's super important。 You don't say door exit sign。

 right because you want to make it as random as possible。

 And you want to rattle it off as quick as possible as well。 If you take too long to do it。

 You're thinking too much about it。 kind defeats the purpose。 So in other words。

 don't go floor ceiling。 light。😊，Exit Lakers。Beird light come come belts。

 Don't do that because my three year old Dylan can do that。 And I'm impressed when he does。

 when he was three。 he's fine now， I wouldn't let do it now。 I like come on， Dylan， step it up。

 So So you guys can do that。 Now， the other one is don't just go red， blue， green。 like again。

 my kid can do that。 got step it up。 So instead what you're gonna do is get out of your own way and almost like the magic a。

 you can almost call the magic a， that was a magic a， you call like a magic a exercise。

 it's just like let your mind relax and see what comes to you。

 let it comes to you And what this does is really when you come the two exercises。

 you're able to talk and talk with emotion and conviction。

 And now you're letting it come to you by getting out of your own way。

 see how we're stacking this here， you fall that。 Okay， let your mind go into a meditative state。

 Now， you know， normally when're in a meditative state what ones up happening is that you think like you have thought。

 but're like， no， I gotta get present again。😊，Go into a meditative state and just see what comes up。

Again， this is gonna allow you when you combine the previous exercise with this。

 you're gonna have a major， major league verbal game because you're getting out of your own way while at the same time。

 you understand how to convey emotion and conviction。 So it gives it basically makes your your。

 your verbal game lethal， lethal。 This is a major lynchman to be great game。 Okay。

 so groups of two right now， take about two minutes each。😊，Match game ball。

 clear your mind and let the thought come up。 So it might be like， plain。Cats。Fire， et cetera。

But it so I hope that what you're seeing is really， really。

 it's just those two leverage points that I used to do the exercise I did earlier。 That was it。

 Let it come to me， speak with emotion and conviction。 That was it。 awesome thanks。Thank you。

But when you， when you really think about it， like， like when I did that， it really is just a shit。

😀That I said， that's it。 Yeah， just talk with emotion。Get togg with conviction。

Cause when you speak with emotion and conviction， ay， people， listen， That's it。

 How do you think I do my free tours， Spak with emotion and conviction。 Let it come to me。那些。

I do all the time。That simple skill set lets you become an improvisational speaker。

 you game whatever you want。 Now， you know， it's like the fucking wizard of Oz， right。

 Like it looks like all big， but in reality。😡，It's just symbol。

What you guys see me do at free tour is very simple。Let it come to me。Speak with conviction。Emotion。

嗯。Guys like， what are you gonna say I'm like， I don't know， I'll just go up there。 Let it come to me。

 speakak of conviction and motion。咩。That's it。 I just let it come。 I don't ignore the impulse， right。

 because social conditioning， it's always making you want to ignore the impulse。

 You feel like you want to break out and express yourself， But then you're like， no， no， no， no， no。

 because it's always holding you in。 It's like dancing is kind of a metaphor for that right。

 Like you want to dance。 But then you hold yourself in。 It's this confining box。

So then people have to drink alcohol。To get rid of that。

Which is so crazy they had to poison their brain to turn off social conditioning。 I I would。

 I would ask you to pause and really consider what kind of culture we live in to where the solution to the social conditioning is self poisoning。

Stop and really think about it。 Like， like， this is what we figured out。 You。

 put them in a fucking box。 And then on the weekend。

 they poison themselves right around puking and crashing cars。😡，Killing each other。

Fucking random people out of condo because they don't even know what they're doing， waking up。

 doing walks of shame home just to get out of the fucking social conditioning。😡，For a couple minutes。

It's pretty fucked up。 And then everybody's like， why don't you drink， Why don't you drink。

 Don't you know how to let go。 I'm like， I know how to let go。 Okay， I got to let go part。😡，Yeah。

And not。So， I want you guys to think about that。 So your mind preaching。Should know how to let go。

 Okay， but， but it's like，'s it's really is letting it come to you right in spiritual circles。

 They call it channeling。 You ever heard that channeling all that it really is， though。

 just getting present to the moment and letting it come to you。 Sometimes I'll be speaking。

 And as I'm speaking， I'm like， I'm like， like， I'll be like， so just present。

 And then I'll go my head and I'm like， holy shit。 I'm like， I'm so fuck in the zone right now。

 I'm like， whoa， you know， But then when I do that， what happens。You come out of it， right。

 And you're like， someone like you're， you're， you're there like your pants off you're like。

How about his zone， right， And then you have to train yourself to get back in， you have to。

You know anything like， hey， and a lot of that comes from that sharing frame that I've talked about。

 You guys ever heard me say that。 the sharing frame。 So the share， it's。

 it's collaborative versus competitive。😊，Collaborative versus competitive。

 So so much of what I do is I'm just sharing。 That's why people tease me。 Not all the time。 I。

 I can have bad reactions or get shy or insecure sometimes。

 but for the most bar what winds up happening as that people tease me。

 I viewed as a big joke or if a girl gives me a shit test。 I viewed as a big joke。

 And I just I play with the joke。 But most people are in this kind of like， you know。

 they're in this competitive frame。 So， you know， you might have seen some of the。

 I put up preview videos before for Hose to home where like。

 I'll walk up to again and I'll start fucking with him， right。😡。

And I'll fuck with him until like selfestseeem is like all the way down into the dirt。

 And then I sometimes try to defend himself and he can't。

 But the reason why is because he's in that really fucked up social conditioning。

 which is the competitive frame。 He thinks he's in a competition with me。

 He doesn't even realize he's not。 So if he teases me。

 my brain deflects it so easily because I'm viewing it as collaborative。

 Like if you're teasing me like oh， you're bald or something， I'm like bal。 And then to me。

 it's just like a big it's a big joke because we're just sharing all together building energy。

 So even the teasing is building energy。 You see a lot of people where as soon as they get insulted。

 they get crazy upt， right， You guys ever seen that。😡，But when they get up tight。

 it actually makes it look like they should be insecure。😀Right if I'm like， that had stupid。

 And then you're like like this， it makes it look like the hat stupid。

 If I say they had stupid and you kind roll it and you're having fun with it。

 It makes it look like I'm stupid。 You follow Like if I they have stupid and you roll it and joke of it then I just look like if the accusation looks real。

 then it looks like I was just being a dick and you're super cool。

 But if' like if you take offense' like you know I have how dare all shit。

 then then that'd be actually funnyback right You're like how dare you that'd be a great comeback。

 but you see the fluidness of the mind guys that are great at game guys that are great at picking up girls。

 they're very fluid very light on the step whereas guys that are not good at picking up girls。

 they kind have this heavy dense energy and they're heavy on the step。

 And this why you go like the forms like R C nation。

 Like sometimes it just get so crazy almost like you know like on CNN do co It's just like negative thing like kill Trump。

 kill murder Trump。Trump， Trump， Trump， kill。 So like sometimes our nation in our form can look like that where it's like literally like guys are like。

 it's about that looks。 and this girls a bitch。 I fuck the game。 I'm quitting the game。

 It's like threat after threat of this。 And you have to wonder， well， dude。

 if you have such a heavy energy。 and you're so heavy on the step。 and you're so upt。 Of course。

 you're having our time。 guys that do well in game are very light on the step and they don't take like they go for it and they take massive action。

 but they don't take it too seriously。 So you take it seriously that you're gonna take massive action。

 But but the whole process has to be very light and fun。 So what I'm know it's all very light。

 It's all very fun， but I'm still gonna take massive action。 I'm gonna lead them'm gonna close。

 but it's all very light all very fun。 So that's kind of what we're showing you here is' how to make it light。

 fun gay。 whatever you guys。😊，Right and so， and so if you look like even when I so I'm joking with them。

 right now， imagine I say that。 And then all of a sudden， they're like， like they're all like。Right。

cause theyre they're all these， you can't see it from back there， but they're， they're just like。

 sitting like this is a joke， right， They're just clowning。 So if， if， so， okay。

 so if all of a sudden I， I， I come in， okay， so。😊，It's getting intense。 Okay， so。

 so if all of a sudden， like even there， when I say it's getting intense。

 the way that I I try to cause if you keep going too much then the cross like， Okay， shut them out。

 right， sorry， So， so what I do is like， in my mind， if I just go， always getting intense。

 you get the same message。 but I say it as a joke。 You follow that。 So it's all kept very light。😊。

Get into us。 So it's all kept。 So everything's kept light。 Now， look， we all have our breaking point。

 right， Like to be real， say that you put me on like national TV。 I。

 I'm very acclimated speaking in in R C groups。 It， it's a pretty easy crowd when when you walk it。

 everyone's like， I I'm just like， that's a pretty easy crowd。 Imagine you put me in front of like。

 you know，500 like old fat ladies on like CNN or something like that， right， they're like。

 fuck this guy， It would be， it would be an entirely different challenge to just be loose and fun and like like fuck this Scott you know。

 like playing with it， you know， like that would be harder right， It would turn the heat up。

 Could I do it or not， to be I hate to say it， I don't know if I could。

 But you know how I could eventually learn it。😊，😀How at a same game。

 How could I eventually learn to do that， Let's say that I did a lot of interviews， right。

 And then because I just don't do interviews。 But let's。

 let's say that I started doing it at some point。 So maybe I had a couple bad ones and didn't go so well then if I just kept doing it again and again。

 eventually say that it was like a rougher crowd。 I would get acclimated to it And I would could feed off it and it all be kind of fun。

 So where I'm a little bit more nimble in the step is bars and clubs where all of a sudden I'm getting hypnotized。

 Okay， so where all of a sudden， let's say that I was to have it that like like a girl is dising me in a bar club。

 that I'm very nimble because I'm used to that。 So like we're all human， right。

 So everything that we learned takes practice。 So let's say that you guys are maybe very nimble and light on the foot with your friends but maybe not in front of girls in a bar。

 Well， then all you have to do is just switch it up where you tried on different types of people。

 And what's cool about it like the real goal that I have for you guys is to be so loose and fun that high level people want to be around you。

😊，Okay， so I'm trying to give you， I'm trying to give you a tool here where even if you're broke or something like that。

 it's a resource that you have because， you know， say that you're dealing with like millionaires or you're dealing with like really attractive women or you' dealing with any kind of high level person。

 They have the certain leverage， right， Maybe the really attractive girl has certain genetics or say that the guy who's really successful。

You know what you're at his mansion and all his associates are there。 Well， how do you。

 how do you go into a situation like that and have fun and make it to where they want to meet you。

 even though they might have a higher status than you。 What I found is or take the girl。

 She's better looking than you。 How do you flip it around where she wants to be around you？

 So what happens is when you're having more fun， People question their frame。😊。

Whoever's having the most fun people， they start questioning their frame，'re like， I want to do that。

It's human nature。 The more joyful somebody is， it implies like everything's okay。 Like it。

 it has this look when people are joyful in having fun， like they must be winning。😊。

So you always want to be part of the winner circle， do you get that？

Anytime someone complains for even a second。 Anytime someone has self pity for even a second。

 anytime someone， anytime that someone is speaking in a way that's not raising the vibe。

100% of the time。You're losing status。 You're not in the winter circle。

 and high level people are just， it's out。 It's over， right， Whatever I'm in environment。

 All I'm thinking is， how can I raise the vibe。How can I raise the Er what does the situation need。

What can I what can I add to it basically。So as soon as I walk into environment。

 my brain defaults to how do I pump some good emotions into this。

 My brain defaults to what does the situation need， And I feel into what the situation needs。

 So you know， sometimes people will make a comment if my brain could kind of default to like a pretty sharp response。

That's because my brain's default is what what is called for in the situation。

 But the key here is you have to get out of your head because when you're stuck in your head about what you want and you're trying to take。

 you're going to take your frame， You're not nimble enough。 You're too slow。

It'll come to you too slow。 That's why we go in a collaborative frame and a sharing frame。

 because when you're out of your head， what winds up happening is that you could be quick， right。

 So do you remember earlier when I did the exercise and like these like liness are just coming so quick。

That's because I'm in a sharing frame。 So I'm like， I'm gonna to make the crowd have some fun。

 show them some a little wacky。😊，Make it out fun。So at that point， I let go， I get out of my old way。

 and I just share。This is where elite level pick skills or elite level social skills come from to where people want to be around you。

 Okay， so I'm showing you the real。小肉嗯。Dynamics。I'm showing you the real social dynamics。

 So we're showing you this here。 Okay， so again， out of your head sharing now。

 what we want to do for our next step is you want to add in the element of tolerance and social pressure。

 because you're gonna feel social pressure， right， You're gonna feel that。

 So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna get you guys to do a little lynch on yourself。

 You do a little lynch mob on yourself。 And I want you to talk about the lessons that you got from Luke today and from myself today。

 And just start saying them out like I learned this。 I learned this。 I want to implement this。

 I implement this。😊，You want to get it to where。You're saying it。

 And people are going to try to distract you。 So they're gonna poke you。 Don't poke any orifice。

 No eyes， no nose， no dick， no ass， no ear。 Okay， don't permanently ruin someone's clothing。

 Don't hurt them。😡，But other than that， nothing should be off limits。

 I want you to say things that are imp personallyally insulting and critical。

Personally insulting and critical。😀I want you to really， I want you to hurt the person's feelings。

 I want you to distract the person。I want you to do Eddie， Okay。

 short of straight up tickling because I I don't know for me， Like。

 I feel like if you just straight tickle like the entire time。

 that's not even exercise just going be like that's just tickling like you do that at home。 You know。

 like， but you could even do a bit of it。 Get behind them。

 I like seeing it when guys are being lifted up。 Maybe guys are even like flipped upside down as long as you don't hurt them。

 You have to okay。Okay， so really， and， and like， I always。

 there's always like the really amazing group who will do this。 And there's always like。

 like the group that fucking sucks。 So you'll always see like some group that's going crazy。

 And then there's always like the other group in the corner that's like。😊，😀You're not doing it good。

 distracting。 Wow， wow guys，10 out of 10， right， So be I want to see everybody in here in a group of four or five taking about 90 seconds each go fucking mental and distract the person And the goal here。

 now， is there if there's anybody heads up， stop， stop， focus。

 focus So if there's anybody here who can't be part of the exercise。 you're welcome to go outside。

 it's up to you。 So so this is with your consent。 And than other than that。

 here's what I'd say to you。 the reason we like really nasty criticism is because in life。

 you're gonna get that throw to you。 Like， do you you guys understand。

 like when I have sex a beautiful woman， She'll usually criticize me for being bold。

 at some like you're going bold。 I wouldn't have sex with the guy who's bold。

 Do you think you're all that。You're like this cocky bald guy with a pot belly。You're so。

 like they'll say shit like this。 And then later， we're having sex。So understand that like。

 and like other dudes will fuck with you。 Like， if you're competing for the attention with another dude。

 they will fuck with you， they'll criticize you。 And if you let it get to you。 if you have， like。

 there's no space for insecurities or self pity in game。 You know， like in society right now。

 it's all about like， don't offend a group。😡，You guys notice that。

There was some tie he posted this funny me about on Instagram。

 It was like it it was something like 1500s， the black plague，18 hundreds。

 you work in a coal mine and get black long 1900s。 You're a little kid working 16 hours a day，200s。

 I'm offended， right， Do you guys see this like in the mainstream media。

 Like there's these different groups that are offended。 Fair enough。 Hey。

 I'm not here to debate that。 Fair enough。Fair enough。Cool， you're offended。Sorry。

Didn't mean to be part of that。Sorry for who I am。 And for anything in my existence that offends you。

 Okay， I didn't ever meant to offend anybody。 Okay， but in game， shut the fuck up。

 because this is game。 So there's no， you can't get a special interest group to get that Hawk girl to have sex with you。

 Okay， like， like you can't like I have a short balding ginger。

 You have to have sex with me or my special interest groups gonna come in。

 It make you have sex to me。 and you call me a balding ginger。

 There's no special interest groups that's gonna save you in game。 It's just you， the girl。

 a lot of nasty shits thrown at you and your brainwashing。 That's a joke。 then that's it。😡，You all。

 it's just for self brainwashing。 So what is that cell brainwashing， the collaborative frame。

That's the power， any， man。 You view it as a collaboration。 You take the joke。

 You take the insult as a joke。 You make it look like you've never been insulted before。

 And like you have so many fucking friends that it's not even in your reality。

 that you could be offended to follow It's not even real to you。 that you could be offended。

 Sometimes I called the child actor frame。 You ever heard that。 The child actor frame。

 It's like some child actor has been entitled as whole fucking life。

 He doesn't even know that he could be insulted。 So take that frame。

 And then just keep saying the lessons as people distract you。 Okay。

 And what this will train you to do is to take social pressure and take criticism and to view it as a joke。

 One of the reasons why me and Luke， do a lot of jokes。

 is because we're not the most traditionally good looking guys。 And that being the case。

 we need our brains to be a little bit loopy for what we're going up to these really hot girls。 Okay。

 so this is important stuff。 Social pressure tolerance is just an exercise。

 get in your group 90 seconds pop， just do it get in your figure it out。9090 seconds the pop。

 Get your lessons。😡，他这。So now you got some social pressure on you。

 How do you find maintaining the collaborative frame and just being chill about it。

 How do you find it， great， so we do that。 We do that because we want you in the frame of mind that when you go out and you take social pressure on you。

 You just do it is fun。 This is This is core exercise here。 Now we'll do one last one to rap with。

 And here's what it is。 I want to get you guys to the point where you can be loose and trust your instincts。

 let it come to you。 So you saw us do it verbally earlier。 but I want to do it physically now。 Okay。

 physically。 So I want to get you the point where you can move so loose。

 And this is like the weirdest exercise of the day。 And it's actually the hardest one for me。

 So this this is actually my hardest exercise for me。 So。😊，Yeah。Your mind has an identity。

 It has this core ego of who you think you are。 and you never want to break out of that。

 It's really crazy。 Your brain does this because all through growing up。

 it's saying what is going be your personalities so that you don't get killed in the Caman tribe。

 It's like， okay， so I'm this type of guy。 I have this personality， I act like this。

 these are my beliefs。 And if I don't have those beliefs。

 the tribe could kill me because I've tested different beliefs。

 and I appear to get acceptance from this。 This is why some people not to be a little darker will what for their beliefs。

 kill for their beliefs and die for their beliefs because in the tribe。

 they've got an acceptance for it， And the caveman brain on that primal evolutionary highway It saying。

 hey， if you want acceptance within the tribe， you've got to maintain these beliefs and they'll fucking they'll kill and die for their beliefs。

 like Jim Jones。😡，Yeah， he's cool， he's cool， so you guys ready to kill and die？

So you see so the idea being that you you never want to break out of it。

 But what's funny is it's good to have that。 It's good to have， you know。

 the ability to harmonize with society。 That's a good thing。 That's， that's there to help us。

 So it's not that you want to just completely like， you know， throw that away。 You're like， you know。

 I used to wear jeans And now I wear trash bag saddle chas because that's me right， and it's like。

 do it is not， iss not cool。 So， you know， so being cool what it kind of is。 It's。

 it's the ability to dress or act in a way that shows that you recognize the society that you're in。

 And that you're able to harmonize to an extent。 You're able to see what it is。 But at the same time。

 you're loose enough to kind of forge your own path。 That's why like good style， it shows two things。

 It acknowledges。😊，Social norms that shows that you have social acuity。 You're not a retorard。

 but at the same time， it kind of pushes the norm a little bit over the edge。 You catch that。

 That's great style。Great， it's like it might be outlandish， but it's also what starts an R。

Interesting your mind went there， okay， we'll go with relatable， okay？So it's。

 so it's like it let's push you in a little bit there。 Okay， so it， it is， it is。

Pushing it's like you're not afraid you're not confined and yet still relatable， follow。

 but if you're confined， if you're too confined， then you're in the sheep， you're the sheep。Yeah。

Yeah。They formed a brotherhood， the sheep brotherethhood。 Now， at the same time。

 So if you're too relatable， you're like the sheep。 But at the same time。

 if you push the envelope too much， you're，'re just a fucking you。

 you're just like the homeless guy that can't recognize how to harmize society。

 It's a little bit of both。 Now， in this case， all of us here have been conditioned for so long。

To be stuck in the， I got like literally， the mentality is fit in， fit in， fit in， fit in， fit in。

Don't stand out。That's how we're literally brainwashed continually。

 So to push the pendulum in the other direction， I want to get you guys to free associate body movement patterns。

 Li to break out of that。 A lot of this is really to erode the condition thinking and activate different parts of your brain。

 So it's a little bit like， literally。Part of my process in a decade and a half of doing this has been getting out of condition thinking and just pushing myself to do things that I wouldn't normally do。

 And a lot of people laugh at it。 A lot of people think it's stupid。 Okay， good for you。

 But that again， when I'm up in front of 100 people with no script。And it goes， pretty super。

 super cool。 You know what I mean， right Like in a way that I'm really proud of， F what they think。

 You know， right， when， you know， yeah， maybe they think that me doing exercise like this are stupid。

 But when I'm sitting there in front of that gorgeous girl and I'm attracting or when a guy that has 10 times more things than than most。

😊，So f me okay。I like that you like it。 Okay， thank you。 Okay， so basically， but you know。

 when I'm doing that， all of a sudden， it's like， well fuck what they think， you know。

 it's like you care in a weird way， people judging you for doing like weird little exercises。

 He's like，'s he's blowing out。 So people judging you for doing weird little exercise， I that like。

 think of this， I someone's like that stupid。 say you doing exercise。 Is that really to help you。

 They're like， don't do that。 It's too stupid。 Stay in your comfort。 So that'll help you。

 That's what you should do， or are they saying that Why are they saying that's stupid。

 because they're scared they cant do it， right， It's really about them。

 They're not trying to help you when they're saying that。Now their answer big， bro。

 thats justs so stupid。 I'm helping you。 Like shut the fuck up。 dude。

 You're another crab in a fucking bucket。 another fucking， you know。

 what they call agent Smith of the Matrix， who's programmed to keep people。 Andy， my kid。

 I make him out so much fun。 We were at Disney， We were Disneyland。 And he you know。

 there's like this rope。 And， and he was like three years old。

 And he's he decided to run under the rope。 And this other kid because， you know， with our kids。

 we just let him play enough fun。 This other kid comes up。 He's like， wait， you stop。😡，You stop。

 That's a rope。 This other three year old kid， I was and literally trying to tell my kid。

It's like little kid wars。 right， The parents are like， who is kid。 Yeah， But， but I was so。

 I was so like。I don't mean， like dramatic。 But in a certain way。

 was a little bit like like disconcerting to see like even a three year old kid at this point is is programmed to be like the agent Smith in the matrix。

 Like， like， be the crab in a bucket， even have three， Really， dude。

Like I felt like taking the kid and fucking throwing him over and they like， you it right。You know。

 I'm not gonna do it。 But you see， you know， the idea of being like it was so crazy to think that that kid would try to stifle another kid。

 How many times have you ever felt like your environment stifling you， Everybody's felt it。 Okay。

 So what we're gonna do now is break out。 say with me。 break out。 All right。

 so this is the hardest part even for me。 But I want to get you to the point that as you're moving。

 you're getting out of your identity。 As you sit here， your brain is it's kind of funny how it works。

 But your brain is like， this is my character。 Like， I'm Owen。 I talk like this。😊，This is me。

 This is how I talk。 This is my shirt is how I'm dressed。 My hair looks like this， right。

 Do you notice how like when you look in the mirror， what's the first thing that you do。

You try to do your hair， right？It's， it's interesting。 That's cool。 You know。

 you're harmonizing the environment。 But， to let in a different kind of energy that you'll be letting in。

 you have to break that。 So what's weird is when you break that mold。

 it's very exhilarating and a different kind of energy comes in。 You follow。

 So this is always the hardest one for me to kind of break out of。 It's weird。

 It's it's just physically hard for me to do it。 But that's why I do it all the time when I T Chati。

😊，I don't know if you guys can tell I actually created Hose to be the exercise that I want to be forced to do。

So I clearly really believe in this program because I have to demonstrate the exercises。

 and then I get value out of it every time I do it right because I hate these exercises Every single one。

 like， believe me， when I go to do the free association exercise， you think I'm like， oh， yeah。

 this is gonna to be awesome。No， I'm like this again， shit。 I'm like。

 why do I fucking teach this stupid course where I'm gonna have to freeze associate for these guys for like 20 fucking minutes。

 I don't even know if I can do it。 It's gonna be too hard。 Okay， so I feel that， too。

 We all feel that。 So I'm gonna just show you。 So again， letting it like， like even as I do it。

 I feel a constraint。 You see that。😡，Like there's like you can feel a constraint， Right， And it。

 And sometimes you can break out like that。 Other times， it takes a few minutes to break out of it。

 right， it can be hard， but you want to get to the point where you have movement that basically gets you out of out like you。

 you had to break it。 Okay， it's a shell。 I wish there was some other way to break it that I knew of。

There probably is。 It's probably a lot less stupid when I figure it out， it's called DMT S。

 so when I， when I， when I figure out a better way， I'll show it to you。

 I'm not gonna to hide it from you， but I don't know a better way。 So a lot of it， again。

 to break out of social condition and condition thinking patterns。

Breaking out of it involves things like， again， free sociative speaking rather than linear speaking。

 you know， letting it come to you rather than forcing it， taking social pressure。

 Why do we have to erode that social pressure， guys， why。

We errod it because what is the actual chains？The chains is the social pressure。

That's why I had the criticism， it's the fear of criticism， it's the fear of ostracization。

That was a large word。 It was the fear of os it's the fear of not being allowed in the group。 So。

 so that's， so that's the pressure that you're feeling， right， you feel it。

 So when you feel that pressure of not being allowed in， what you do is you ask yourself。

 you're like， well， is that pressure realistic and helping me or is it hurting me。 So sometimes。

 you know， it's like， don't jump off the bridge。That is social conditioning。

The social condition is like， yo， dude， like， don't jump off the building。Right。

 because whoever ever saw blueprint。 I talked about this in the blueprint decod， right。

 I I had this funny exercise of doing in a blueprint De。 I'm like， Amen， I'm like。

 did you know that you can actually jump off a building， Like。

 did you know that stairs are social conditioning？ Yeah， dude， why you could just jump off。

Have you ever seen someone jump off a building？And what's that。Yeah。

Have you ever seen someone jump off the building， okay？In a video， what videos are you watching？

So anyway， have you ever seen someone jump off a building， Me neither， okay。😀Yeah。😊，So。

 so if you've never seen it， right， Well， dude， there's a thing called terminal velocity。 Like。

 if I jump off a chair and I land， it hurts my feet a little bit， but it's not that bad。

RightLike if you jump off a chair， why is it any different to jump off a building？

How do you know that you accelerate， Have you seen someone try it。

 How do you know what physics have you， have you actually seen it， It's social。

 Have you seen the Gfor。Good answer。 But you'd never seen it。 jump right。 Okay， what's that， Okay。

 right， And it was cool， right， Well， the thing is， if you jump onto concrete， you're fine。

 It's literally just social conditioning that you have to go downstairs。 All that you do。

 you just jump off。 like if you jump off a chair in your land。 It hurts your feet a bit。

 but you're fine。 All these times you've been jumping downstairs or walking downstairs It wasting your time。

 It's inefficient。 It's social conditioning。 just jump off the building。

 jump off it and you're good to go。 Am I right， It's just the matrix holding you back， bro。😊，Okay。

 you can be like Neo， you're going to fly So that being the case。

 Im eroding that social conditioning， but was that social conditioning there to help you or hurt you I weirdly。

 I actually don't technically know that what I said was wrong。😡。

But I'm okay not finding that one out。I'm going to go with Darwin。 Okay。

 so for anybody in here who's a little slow， that was an example which was inaccurate。

 do not jump off a building。If there is anyone who's thinking to jump off a building。

 see my staff outside and we will fix you That example of jumping off a building。

 That social conditioning。 Social conditioning is not inherently bad， right， if you。

 if you walk up to the edge of a building。 and then you feel fear。 Youve you actually feel the fear。

 I mean， you could argue that it's the fear of heights， right， But let's just say in theory。

 You feel the fear because it's a fear of social the social conditioning is programmed that in not to hurt you。

 So in many ways， the social conditioning there is there to help you。

 I've never said I want to get rid of all social conditioning。 I think I might have said it。

 but wasn't what I meant say。 probably said it wasn't what I meant say。 What I mean to say。

 is that social conditioning， I want you to have a proactive decision in it。

 Like somebody like don't murder people is social conditioning。 That's good。I think。But see。

 but you know， it's cool。 But see years is cool。 A lot of people that there's so much a sheep that that they just take it without even thinking about it。

 And the problem with taking a morality or ethics without even thinking about it is that's where you get a lot of this like。

 you know， Holocaust type stuff where the person never even thought about their their ethics。

 Think think of that， right， Some was social condition， Don't kill anybody。Right。

 but then now some new social condition comes and goes， no， it's okay。 They're the inferiors。

 And then what happens。because theyve never thought about it for themselves。 So I've never said。

 get rid of social conditioning。 I've just said， let's get out of it so you can think about it for yourself。

And then when you think about it yourself， you can own it。 And now when somebody's like H。

 kill it down， And you're like， no， dude。They're like， but I'm telling you to。 And you're like， no。

 you see that。So that's what I'm trying to get to you here。You guys catching it now。

 I'm trying to get you awakened to think for yourself， not telling you how to think。

Just telling you to think， to break out of it， I got to get you out of that conditioning。

 So I want to get you to the point that you're laughing at what you're doing。 Okay。

 just get you laughing at what you're doing now， again。😊，We have to。

 have to literally just join it out。 Do you see how like I come out of it a bit。

 and then I go back in。Right， so we we have to get it out。

 Sometimes it takes messing your hair up or like doing this or just something weird， something weird。

Something weird。 Okay， you need to get a little bit weird sometimes， You know。

 a little bit weird little bit。Okay，You get a little bit weird。 Okay， okay。

 And when you get a little bit weird， you actually， you。

 you shake yourself out of conditioning because you because you can do something just for fun。

 And now you're not in this mode that you're depending on others for fun。😊。

You can actually make yourself have fun。 You don't have to。

 You don't have to be a hamster in the social conditioning wheel and then buy a movie for fun。😊。

You could actually make yourself have more fun doing this than you did a movie。 You see that。

Just by actually getting out of it。 So what we're going to do now。Is we're each going do this。

 We're gonna wrap with this。 We're gonna do this exercise together right now and get you guys being silly as fuck。

 And I want you to get it to where you make yourself feel so good by cracking social conditioning that you don't depend on others。

 women， society， consumer culture， anything to be happy。 You can get out of it。

Really scramble your own brain here。Okay。Because I told you to， right？Yeah。あ。うん。啊。啊。Oh喂。Oh。

A fearless leader。In life， nothing's guaranteed。 take advantage of every minute that you have。

 You never know who could be gone next year。 You don't know how long your life journey is。

 I did you this to wake you up， say wake up。Guys， thank you very much for Khasi。

 I really appreciate it。い。开去。🎼Yes。