# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：13第十三周 热座转变(纽约特别版)：Hot Seat Transformational New York Special Edition【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Quick question， then I'll rock in。Yeah， I'm just recognizing this one last week。Different videos。

What an energy kill。Yeah。God。Check it out。Don't worry， I'm teaching you something， okay。

The reason I boss up so hard dude is because in every environment I asked myself three things。

 how can I offer value， how can I offer fun， and how can I adapt to that environment to offer what that environment needs okay。

Right in off the bat， the way I would change it。 See， my voice right now is at its end。

 Can you guys tell。It's by a thread， I always choose in a hot seat how much is left。

 and I'll go right up until at the end of tonight， I won't be able to talk。

Like I not a word will come out by the end of boot camp tonight， I'll be like。Like that。

 So that's why my voice sounds like， But generally， if you see me。

 you're going to hear a lot of positive inflections。I joke a lot。 like even ask yourself。

 great question， ask yourself。 how could I even ask that question with a joke。

 How could I ask that question where the audience lit up。

 How could I ask that question where if Owen says no， it doesn't kill。

 it doesn't suck the energy out。 I'm like， no， sorry， bro， it's the same one。😡，Yeah。あだ。あ。嗯。So always。

 so always ask yourself how to add energy。 Okay， let me tell you a one little secret about me。

 I've never not paid for every single person's lunch in over a decade or dinner。

 no matter what the price of the restaurant， even if it's thousands， not a single time。

 if people try to pay for it。 I'm a little bit offended。

 unless it's another one of my successful friends。 let me tell you another secret。

 in the past 10 years。 There's been times where I've been so flat broke。

 I don't even know I'm gonna to pay my next month's rent。And even during that time。

 I bought even more lunches for my friends。Because I knew it was even more important to be in abundance in that time。

Okay， it's even more important to be an abundance。 So always the frame is。Make the room feel good。

 Make everybody feel good。 Off the energy to the room。 And the more that you actually need something。

 the more that you want to offer even more。😊，You know what I'm saying。

 So it's like all so never say a word out of your mouth unless it makes people smile or feel good or whatever。

 because other than that， your general frame should be， I'm God。😊，I'm the man。I got what I need。

I fucking crush it。I have I have it all already。 So when you already have it all。

 then what happens is。You have a feeling of abundance in you， and then you attract abundance。 Okay。

 so you could still ask the same question， Ca say， for example， you're trying to gauge。

 should I go out soon， Should I say here， You know， you need to know how to utilize your time。

 And I like that。 I mean that's good。 You spent your time。 I like that。 So now what you do is。

 you think of a way to reward the same question。 like。For example。Oh， dude。

 this is like my favorite clip。 This is so sick。 I'm so psych。 you're gonna show this again。

Is the game is the game plan today to focus mostly on this one so we can really get awesome shit from this one。

 Are are we doing some other ones， or what's the plan。Something like that。

 I'm kind of exaggerating it， but something like that。 And always ask yourself that。 Okay。

 and then the third change is， what are you going to say that's not about you。

 but that adds to the energy of the room。And if you make those three changes， then your game。

 how much pussy you get， will multiply by 50000。 But if you don't， then you'll stagnate。

And guys don't get that。 And guys usually will question me on this for it's about 2 to three years。

 But what happens is about 2 to three years， guys come up to me and they go， I get it。

 It's usually about 2 to three years later。 they get it。 So you can plan a seed now2。

3 years later they get it。 So right now， it's still， how can we reenter into collaborative。

 What is it in your mind and share it in a way that's authentic and real。 What is in my mind is that。

Right now， let me ask the audience a question。 Okay， I'm gonna to ask the audience a question。

 What is he right now in sharing or is he in defense， I'm ask， what do you guys feeling， Okay， so。

 okay， so how do we get it。To where。We get you out of defense， and we get you into collaborative。

 We have to let go。Okay， and then you ask yourself a question， it's a really easy question。

How could I make everybody how could I stop caring what I look like at all？

I'm just trying to hear win。Okay， is he in collaborative or， or is he is he win winner in defense。

 Okay， so， and then how do we get it to where you become the group and share。

 I't know doesn't seem It is if you want to crush it in game。😊。

The way what you you've seen this video before。 So you know that I go on a fucking rampage。😡。

The only way that I've ever seen somebody able to do that is you let go of what you look like。

You just let go， otherwise you're dragging self image， which is too heavy。So。Right now。

 if you're feeling like， God， what the fuck？Share that with the crowd。What the fuck is going on。

 whatever you're feeling， whatever it is， should share it with everybody from an honest。

 authentic place。 Be vulnerable。😡，One sec， pause， did you guys seem smile there for a second in the front？

So he smiled so you open， so the clouds parted for a second。

 but then they quickly came back a little bit now they're coming back now he's opening again。

 right so you you'll see a softening。A softening and opening up。 And then you'll see closing。

But what was on your mind， what were you saying？You know， get the house at home。It's great。

The crowd's experience depends on， on an uptick of positive energy。

 and also game is about continual upticks of positive energy。

 So because I made a commitment to be the best pickup artist that I could ever be in my entire life。

 I committed that I would never allow negative energy to come from me。😊。

It would only ever be positive that I already had what I needed。 I'm going tell you the truth bro。

 I spend maybe a quarter million a year on self education。Sometimes I go to $1000 seminars。

 I already know most of it。 I get one little fucking tidbit， but I take that， and I use it。

 I don't care。 But that's why I'm crushing。 So I need to get you out of this headspace。

 We need to get you in a collaborative sharing headspace。 negative I do。 I do。 But not only that。

 but the truth is。😡，Look。诶。It doesn't matter what I show you until we crack this。

I can show you a million videos you haven't seen， but unless I crack this。

I'm doing $10000 worth of surgery on you right now， and you're not even seeing it。

 I am totally blind。So we need to get you in a collaborative frame or you're not going to crush。

You're in contraction。Speak your mind right now。Let go of your defense。Speak your mind。Just share。

Is truthfully the only thought that you can have right now is just that you need one more infield video。

 Let me give you the secret。 None of the infield even fucking matters。

 What you did earlier today in the transformational experience is the major thing。 Okay。

 it's actually moving energy moving。 But more than any of those things in a video that I released I said。

 what is the single most important epiphany you can have。

 that was a preview for the hot seat at home that I release。 or it was the hot see。

 as the hot transformational experience。 It was the single most important epiphany。

 It's the collaborative frame。 So as long as you're where you are right now。

 as long as I can't see your pupils。 And I see a deadness in your pupils。

 because it's a suck nothing I show you can do anything。 You're literally stuck。

 Nothing that I from this frame， you will never win。Because you're still in scarcity。

 We need to put you into abundance。 You need to let down your guard。

 You got to understand me and my buddies don't do game。Game is for amateurs。

Me and my buddies laugh all day。All day， we just sit there laughing。Alll game is amateur hour。😡。

We just laugh and laugh and laugh。 and as we walk around， do you know what happens？

Bitchches drop their panties。 You will not do a spear fisherman move on a 10。

 It never happens because what happens is you walk around quiet and then you go now。

 I'm going to try thing I learned to hot seat and it never works。😡，You don't game a， you attract。

 a ten， you clown with your buddies， and they jump on you。😡，At most restaurants I go to。

 let me put you this way。 I some occasionally， most restaurants I go to because so much energy comes out of me and my friends。

 if I bring one of my girlfriends there and I start kissing her， the girls in the restaurant。

 some of them start crying and stuff like that。And the reason why is because there's always an outflow of energy。

We need to get you to it right now， it's still in defense。 How do we get you to an outflow。

 How do we get it So energy is pouring out of you， You've got， you're still in defense。

 I really like the Don't you worry about the hot seat。😡，How do we get you out of this。

 It's not even about the Hass， It's never was about the Hussse。

How do we get you to crack and be vulnerable， I'm trying to， you have to find your own pathways。

 There's mental pathways that you need to figure out。

 It's like in meditation when you need to learn how to be present， you need to learn the pathways。

 So what are some physiological changes that you can make。I feel like I'm being exactly。

How do it good， So now you start off at honesty。In reality。Is he being attacked or held right now。

 Okay， but you're at honesty， Okay， that's good。 So that's the first step。 I like that。

 That's a very good first step。 You know why， because now you're establishing congruence。

 How does it feel when you feel like you're being attacked。😊，Not good。

Does it resemble a horrible night of approach anxiety and a bad night of approaching That's right。

 That's what I'm teaching this。Now， okay。I love to simulate pressure in Hai。Now。

 what are some physiological moves that you could do if you were at a nightclub and you had to shake that off？

可以的。owOpen your eyes。YeahYeah，Yeah。Is he it？Good， you're getting there。Okay， come to the front。

 come over it onto this side here。Now try getting your biggest yell。

I can't do because my voice is shot otherwise I do with you go okay。不。あ。し？え。え？Okay。

 the response there。Instinctively is exactly where you're at， there's an opening。😡。

But there's still attention。There's an opening。The tension remains。

You have to become less to become more。对。Less。To become more。

Try just thrashing yourself around like Jim carry the mask or just something preposterous。😡。

And there's no wrong way to do it。He's smiling a little bit。

 Can you guys see where do you observe what he opens and closes。

 Do you observe what he opens and closes？Yeah。Scream， go crazy。Fuck you do a man let's go。ゆちゃんがです。

Was that it， did they talk it all day about power versus Force us？

There's a great book called Power versus Force。You can't force this。

 you have to get out of the way and let the power do it。 You can't do this。😡，Have you guys。

Have you guys ever seen me when I'm public speaking at my best。I can't do that。

Do you understand that， when I do that， I go away。To do that， I have to go away。

 I can't be there for that。😡，When you're getting into world class levels。

 you don't get to be there for that， you can watch it happen through the pupils。

 but you don't get to be there for that。When I'm public speaking。

 I am shocked by the things coming out of my mouth。 I am like。我我去。Yeah。Okay。

 you don't get to stay for that。Then what happens as a more amateur speaker。

 what I'm newer is I start getting on a wave and I'm like， God I look cool and then I go。

 if I just do X， Y， Z， I'll look even cooler and everyone will like me and then I'm like， hey。

 good any of it right and then I'm like fuck damn it and stop， where did go， where did it go。

 why can' I do that thing anymore okay so you have to go away？😡，Your wants， your needs go away。

 Expansive energy is just how could I share， all that's in my mind is like how could I just fucking spread fucking epicness to this group That's like what's in my head when I walk up。

😡，Just like， how can I yeah， You know， hey， right， It's like。えて。やば。like I'm not。

 but I have to go away to do that like I can't be like， I have to go away。

I want you to learn game on a world class level， I have high expectations for you。Oh。Yeah。

Mat go friends go this week。え？crazy so what we're doing right now is we're seeing pathways。

 So can every one of you guys here empathize with what he's experiencing right now right would it be tough It is right you're being singled out super tough。

 I recognize this in myself I was at a marketing seminar that I was attending and a speaker named John Carlleton brought me to the front and he put me on tape and he started criticizing my websites and stuff like that and I remember God how close off I felt I remember I I was so in defense and I felt so judged and and he actually was recording it right and he sent me a video of it。

 This was around 2006。 it's about a decade ago And I remember I still have the DVD of it to this day and I remember thinking good God I've got to like burn this thing because if this ever gets out anyone who's a fan of mine is going just lose all interest in anything that I had to say I look so。

Didn't even know what I was looking at at that time。 But my pupils were just dead， like black。

 like a shark or something。 And I looked just like like the gallm just like everythings infe know like he's like this is wrong about your website。

 I'm just like， and kind of like， I'd be like， you know， we did it for this reason and he's like。

 oh I'm trying to help you。 And I'm like， there was a lot of thought behind that right and you know and he broke me apart。

 it was only months later that it kicked in what is an intention behind it was and why he was harder on me anybody else there。

 okay， maybe he saw more potential in me than anybody else there。 now， you know。

 he knew he knew that I had been studying stuff for a while want to give me a better experience now Okay so looking for pathways So some of the pathways are mental concepts such as letting go or getting out of your own head。

s are physiological So for example。One of them is the principle you could call it like jerk off method。

 And what it is is what you're doing right now is say that you're jerking off and you want to come。

 you're stroking it for a minute and then you're stopping。 Hey mom me little Fred。

 then you're stroking it。 I mean， this could make it for a pretty you stress freeee day but you see the idea is that you're going like this oh oh let me check my email and what you got to do is if you keep doing it。

 you can explode So think of it like in game if you approach one。😡，You feel that weight。

 you approach one， you feel a weight and that weight is heavy because you feel judged and you feel rejected and ostracized and you know。

 you had a different intention towards that situation that's being misinterpreted。

 and if they knew what your intention was， it would be a different case。

 and it's unfair and unjust and whatever else， you know right and so then you feel that。

 and it's a weight， and it。Pushes you down。 And maybe your your mind could respond from any way of wishing to be bigger。

 more muscular， having a better outfit or being better looking or better game。

 And when I learn game better， then it will be fucking awesome。

 And I want to deal with this bullshit because my game will be the fucking shit No fucking bites and fucking dominated shit。

😡，So。So。So part of it， so there's that， but if you just keep pushing more。

 sometimes if you get more rejections and the weight is harder and the weight pushes down on you and it keeps pushing and it feels fucking painful and it pushes and it pushes and it pushes and maybe you approach for an hour and a half and every one of these gr is pushing down and not giving you a good response and the weight is heavier and heavier and heavier and you get to a point where you can't take it anymore and pop it cracks and all of a sudden you're like。

😀へへへ。aAnd you probably make out the next girl or you pull the next girl or you just have amazing approach ever felt tonight like that。

 And I'm sure you have too。 So you feel pressured。 So now how do we get out of it。

 we find mental pathways。 What are things like understanding。

 simply understanding basically that you know if we could remove ourselves our petty ego from that situation。

 which is paradoxical because of course， part of that ego does want to go crush it。

 you wouldn't be there in the first place if he didn't want to go crush it。

 The ego does make you step up， I'm not trying to turn you into a monk that just as certain robe。

 we're not doing that。 but just speaking from the space of you know， I mean。

 look at Kobe Bryant scoring 60 points in his last game。 Everybody there just says Kobe。

 we love you We don't care if you score six points yet such a great career we're here for you。

 Kobe but it would make us all happy and he dug deeper and he might up playing almost the entire game on viciously injured body and going in for 60 points having the highest final。

😊，Game of any player， probably the highest scoring game of a guy who's 37 probably will ever happen。

 I'm guessing off the top of my head。 I'd assume， and I felt that I watched a miracle。

 to be honest with you。 I might be a little bit too much of a Kobe fanbo。

 I felt I cried for the last recorders of it because I felt like I was seeing God or something。

 It was like watching a miracle。 It was watching somebody who had gotten out of his own way And he was like。

 you know， I'll dig deeper for my fans and people all over the world who love me and what it would mean to them to just fucking going in for 60。

 And when I watched him crack 40， I couldn't believe it。 And when he cracked 50。

 I was just I was crying eyes out。 And when I saw him crack 60 in that moment to me how I experienced it was as though I knew there was something that he was tapping into that was helping him。

 He wasn't the one doing it anymore。 There was something that was helping him。

 He got out of his own way。 when I saw that last point drop and it was 60。 Like just why was it 60。

 Why not 59。 Do you know what I'm saying there， why。

60 and it was one of the most touching things I ever saw in my life since I saw that game。

 I feel like a changed person to be honest， I have more faith than ever than I felt to my life to get out of my own goddamn way and to share at dev expansive energy and what could be done when you watch an injury riddled 37 year old man to be fair they kept passing the ball the whole time but look he even wins I mean I mean that is a factor。

 but even I mean Sopppin think that he even was having such a shit game at the start。

 why is he having a shit game at the start， why can't he even get a basket at the start。

It's the same thing that you're dealing with down here。 It's about him。

 He's being judged on his last game， but he needs to get into the flow of it。

 He got a couple defensive stops， starts getting into the flow and feeding from that energy。

 He knows that from years in the game。 And what was amazing was like the fact that I think he was they were down by something like 19 points。

 And I think he went on like a 172 run or something to end the game， One dude。

 and they weren't even going easy on him。 I mean， how can that happen。

 How does that even fucking happen， right， What's going on。

 And so it's about getting out of your own weight。 what are some things that Kobe might have done。

 Kobe probably feels that pressure on him。 And then he says just stick with it。

 He feels the pressure， He says stick with it， Just keep going。

 I'll get into the flow when eventually， Just stick with it。 gets a couple defensive stops。

 feels a little bit good。 But here's the key。 He kept going。 If you jerk off。 you feel like。

You're going to come a bit。You let off？You jerk off a bit more， you feel you're going to come。

 some guys are going to want to try this later， let off。So you've got to keep going。😡。

And the energy will come to you when you get out your own way。

 Kobe knows he's got to get out of his own way， but even though he knows that even at 37 years old two decades in the NBA。

 he still struggles at the start so your struggle here is human it's a human experience but what we've got to do is we've got to get you to a point where you know exactly how to get out of it so that when you're in that club later and you feel small and you feel defensive and you feel rejected and you feel judged。

😡，You can get out your own way。 So one of it is just the mental understanding to get out of your own way。

 But others of it is physical actions。 It's not just like you're you're a fucking monk now。

 I'm not in my own way done。 I can't do that。 I certainly cannot do that。

 So we need to also get you taking physical action。😡。

What could we do in physical action to get you getting out of your own way？😡。

One are the most we did some yelling？Show me a bit of yell for a second。

Try forcing it and we'll see the differences， try forcing it。That's pretty good。

Ju again they liked it， a little more。でもっ。はい。👏Jump。是。And as you jump， lose self consciousness。

 lose any consciousness of how it looks。Right。How would you， like， like。

 is it a tense jump or can you loosen it， Can you loosen it， Can you get loose。

And is it loose or Are you doing loose or what loose would look like。

 What do you feel you're doing right now， loose or what loose would look like。IBecause I feel it。

 too。 Look， if some guy in front of a 7， I was like， jump loose。 I know what my reaction is。 I。

 why do you think I teach this， This is the biggest thing that I struggle with。

 This is my major struggle of my life。So that's why I speak about it with passion and conviction。😡。

So you've got to ask yourself， it's like， if you're going to get loose， even me if you're like。

 jump loose， I'm like， I'm kind of like， what would loose look like。Right？

What would letting go look like？What would it， What would it look like， right？

 So I'm still in my own way， Do you guys remember， do you guys do the exercise today with the where you have to like dance in the middle of the circle and go crazy。

 That's my hardest exercise to me， That's the one where some weekends I do it。

 And I just do the funniest shit。 everyone's laughing。 Other times， I'm like。😊，Okay。

 your hardest one， too。 So now what we do is we have is is we stick with it。 So if I go。

 I don't wantan to blow my voice out。 But if I'm like， ape， and I stop。So as I go like that。

 I I actually feel myself， I feel myself self talk receding。As I get in flow。

 I feel self image and self talk recede like the Om thing， I feel it recede。😡，Now with permission。

 if everybody here starts jumping， it's easier， right， but if we do it on our own， it's harder。😡，Now。

 think about consider the fact that crowds instinctively clap when people give expansive energy and let go。

 stop and consider that。😡，Okay， that's crazy， right？ Now。

 you know the video that I'm going to be showing later as we establish。And you know it。 okay。

 I know you did。 I know you did。 Okay， I made up this whole thing。 So， okay， so basically。

 you know that。 Now， the thing is， you know it。 And so， but when you see me out there。

 it's like I'm going boom， boom， boom， boom， boom， boom， boom like that。

 And I'm actually receding as the night is going on。 So， so your mind。

 you want to be conditioned to get into flow。 So part of it is mental understandings。

 But part of it is physical， actual， like actual physical actions that you're doing。 So。

One of them is just。Kicking this fucking demon out of you， man， you know。

 just kick the fucking thing out。 get the fuck out， Get out， Get out。😡，Okay， I like。Okay。

 just let that shit out， okay， and then you can give some jumpbing， okay。

 just jump it and let it out and think fucking less and then try just fucking scream me at the crowd Just scream out and I won't do it to my voice job。

 I want you to do it。😡，Fucking in， fuck yeah， bam， okayy？He's trying。 Okay， Okay， I have to Okay。

 so great。 So now we found another pathway。 I， we can force it。

 Who said like that you can't initially force it。 I certainly do。I certainly do。 and by the way。

 have you guys ever noticed that a lot of like very well this kind of a weird point。

 But have you ever noticed a lot of like higher profile pickup artists just quit。

 you ever seen this It's actually true。 it is actually true。

 my belief is a major reason why they can't take it because I had to did deeper to get to this point either that of the Julian thing scared them off。

 But so I literally I had to because I went through phases where when that started happening is everyone started getting cameras and I started getting more well known。

 I didn't want to go out anymore。 was like I can't deal with I go out people looking at me expecting these to me。

 I can't deal with it。 So I mean， so see how I put more pressure on you here。

 I felt that pressure too， And the only way out So I had to make a choice。

 I to go do I want to sick with game and just take the judgment or do I want to like just quit game but know just be here like from my office just releasing like little articles about game and still be the expert of something at one point I did And I had to make a choice。

 And you know what the choice I made myself I you know what dude F it。 Can you guys say that with me。

😡，Fuck it， I made that choice。 Sa it again。 it。 Stay with us。 F。 Okay。

 And so I like you do you like fuck it。 So I say fuck it。 And and what I did was I said。

 I'm gonna make it less about me。 and I'm just gonna make it about just trying to share some good infield and just share some good shit with people that watch my stuff。

 I literally just made that choice。 And however， it looks is how it looks。

 but I'm just gonna share as best I can。 Now， do I， do I come in and out of that mode。

 of course I do a human being。 So， but I try to be more in that mode。 So it's okay to feel stress。

 and's okay to feel tension and it's okay to initially force it。 most public speaking gigs that I do。

 The first 20 minutes are done by force。😡，Okay， because you're not going to be like。

 just get out of your own way。 All right， speech begin， everyone。 Here I am。 the waves of。Cobeiness。

 like look that book power versus force。 I was thinking like force is bad。 Yeah， that's really good。

 but share that thought。 So it was just a question。 share it， just share the thought that you。

 Just share the question。 I was just saying like the book power versus force that he talks about。

 I was， I thought I haven't actually read it， but。I thinking I had the impression that force was bad Yes。

 you're trying not to force what you're doing is you're going。 Okay， so I don't want to force it。

 but the thing is rather forces the initial inertia。

 think of it almost like that's the propeller that gets you off the ground。

 And now you can just fucking cruise around。 It's not always bad。 No， certainly not。

 we're here on this earth。 we have the ability to force things。

 just doesn't mean we have to do it all the time。 So most people are very mind dominated and they have a lot of inner dialogue I'm not trying to teach anybody to become enlightened。

 I'm certainly not have a very active inner dialogue。

 But is inner dialogue the main thing running you and you're hooked in it or can you use that inner dialogue to kind figure something out and then get present and back into the flow So what we do is right now we force it。

 So show me just examples just want to make one the crowd into the crowd。 I study also martial arts。

 And so one thing I've learned is that when you're forcing it。 you're doing it wrong。 Okay。

 so this case This is。😡，do a different way。 So check it out。

 So what we'll do is we're going to force it。 Okay， so just， try forcing， get loose。

 get out of your head。Okay， looser， get loose see and when he did it， did you see his eyes。

 what happened to his eyes as soon as he did it？His eyes come out a little bit。

 look look at his eyes now， okay， you can actually， you can see it。

And then we could even try yelling at some point you guys want to yell？You should just try it。

He went back in his head。 Do you see it， You see what he did。

 Okay I'm teaching you to learn how to do the wave。 So what you're doing how to ride the wave。 Okay。

 so it's like being on a surfboard， you paddled yourself on。 So if this was a surf lesson。

 it's like you paddled himself on and then he went for a second。 then he fell off。 Oh shit catch it。

😡，But here was what was funny。 You were on it。 You were actually on it。 You're like， you're good。

 and then you're like， I think I'm not good， bam， and then you fell off。So。

And the funny thing is too， ironically。😡，Taking off the shirt initially。

 it actually provides kind of like an initial momentum to the not giving a fuck。

 But then now that it's all kind whatever， right So you see no， but you see how this all works。

 right， so。This is why when I go out， I start just doing quick opens and just stopping caring。

 And it's okay to look better to look dumb。 And then I want。

 and then I start to get out of my head into flow。 So what I do is I accept。Where I'm at。 So can we。

 can we completely accept that you're trapped in your head right now in a threatened selfjudged state or something like that。

 maybe not as much as before， but something like that。 Okay， so just I accept it。 F it。 F it。

 I accept it。 F this shit。 F it。 F it。 I'm a human being， I'm not fucking perfect。

 I'm here I'm I'm on this earth to learn lessons。 I'm on this earth to figure shit out。

 if I already figure out everything， I'd be God right now， I'm obviously fucking human， I'm here。

 I'm learning。 F it。 F it right， everybody just learn Okay so from there we say process。

 So in pickup， we would do opens right， we just start opening to get out of our head。 ideally。

 some nasty rejections。 nasty。 And you're like， oh God， And then you go F it。

 So we just get like that。 Now what we want to do is we keep the process going until we can't even think you want to be almost the point then let's incorporate yelling throughout it。

 You don't have to do it at a certain time because if we do a certain time。 then what happens。😡。

Get in the flow。 Yeah get in the flow。 then you're like， here's my unstifled yell everyone。

 here here it comes the unstifled yell。 and then you can't do it。

 So just maybe even throughout as you feel as you feel yourself peeking into flow state。

 then you can actually kind of you know， you see what I'm saying， So you want to peek。

 And you And by the way， if it helps。 you can even walk around the crowd a little bit。

 Try not to dumb over the cameras。 But basically you could you could walk around the crowd a bit。

 whatever it takes you， sometimes you need to move around， sometimes one environment。

 the energy gets so fucking stagnant。 You guys ever feel that way。

 like you're stuck in this one little fucking， you're stuck in this one little fucking area right here and it gets stagnant。

 you need to move around if it's relevant。 Yes，😡，Yeah， yeah， nice。 do you see， so again。

 what are some other tools moving around， getting out of that stagnant fucking energy。😡，Okay。Good。

Good。Good。Good， out to s an energy。要吃我。点们。S mar are the film。Oh。

Incorporate a few yells here and there， just when you feel it， just try yell and say， yeah。

 see that's more open。😡，He's opening。Okay。Where do you go？😀Yeah。😊，I。Holy shit！

They't just fucking yelling if you're there。Yeah。That's good。Feal the glory。Good。

 and then as you're flowing， give some yells here there so you can feel the feeling of unciifledness because the voice is a great indication。

 The voice is a great indication because it shows the level of to which you're unsciifled。Yeah！

Keep it moving， keep the energy moving， so now you're in the energy， keep it。Keep。Keep it moving。

 so once you're in it， don't just quit while your head feet off of it。

 how could it get any better than this？Bown。Yeah。黄の。Feed off the bit， fuck this shit。Yeah， come on。

 beat off that shit。Yes。Beat offense。That shit。Fucking a。Yes。Give him the yell。はける。哎哎。

哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎哎。😊，哎哎哎哎。Share your thoughts。Yeah， anything。不是。Wideite it。When you're there， hold it。

 just stay in it， stay with this， hey！Stay with it。 Sha。 Keep the energy moving。

 Otherwise it goes cycled。 It's stagnating。 now。 see it。 Look， see that。

How many of you guys you dot approach。 It starts to go good and amazing what happens。

 Great feedback from the girls。 In this case， the crowd。

 and then the energy stagnateates because it happens that went so good。 You're like， I'm the shit。

 I have become the shit， the actual shit。 I am shit。

 right and no habit then you stop So So ask yourself。

 not how can I get more just how could it get any better。 So you want to keep the energy moving。

 So don't just stop， Keep the energy moving， Keep walking。 See， I can let them off the hook。 No。

 right， Keep moving。😊，This is like， you know， your next approach after a good one。Okay。

 so keep it moving。Bring it back。Okay。😊，It pretty sake he's keeping his energy moving now and he's in his process Okay。

 he's in his process because he's got to get out of his own way。

 More movements means he can get out of his own way。 Try a few yells here there。 See。

 he' lost his sum but retain some， keep moving， allow it And when it sounds bad。

 except that it went bad。 Yeah， It looked bad。 it sounded kind of shitty。 Fuck it。

 So that's another key。 Fuck it。 Can you say that say fuck it。😡，Just try say I'm at where I'm at。

 okay， he definitely deserves this， just say， just say I'm at where I'm at。Say I'm that where I'm at。

 you can keep it with you， you can even pour on your head， yeah， I。I'm out where I'm fucking at。

And am going to keep doing it， And am going to keep doing it until somebody fucking crashs。

 I don't give him a fuck。 I don't give him a fuck。😡，Fuck this， fuck this。 I'm not where I'm not。

 F this。 Okay， fuck this shit What your。I'm at where I'm at。You just accepted it， accept it， say。

 I'm in resistance， say it， I'm in resistance， I'm in fucking resistance。

All you fuckckerers have bit in resistance， Well now I'm in resistance。We've all felt resistance。

 fucking it， we've all pitted resistance， we've all been there。We've all done that。

 we've all felt resistance， we've all felt small， we've all felt judge。

 we've all felt like we can't do it， like people think we look shitty， we've all felt retorardted。

 we've all felt right over our head， everybody's felt this shit。え。呃。Good， to be， he's open a bit。

 but he's still forcing force okay， mental pathways， physical pathways。

 you've got to find your way out， it's amazed， find your way out of the fucking cave。

 youve got to find the cave， how do we find out movement， acceptance， movement and more acceptance。

 more movement， more acceptance， at more energy movement， don't let it stagnate， F yes， fuck yes。

 fuck yes。😡，More movement。And then just shoot some fucking silliness out。Ma'am。More movement， good。

Could we got this shit？We got it。Epic， he's moving。

 He's doing things to distract himself from being in his head。 This is actually hard what he's doing。

 That's good。 He's instinctively seeing it。 He instinctively knows how to get out of his head。

 We all do as humans。 We know how。 Yes， that's great。 H that。 That's great。 Mo it。え？へえ？へえ？

Okay this whole row up here right now， front two rows up here right now。

 frontron three rows up here right now， you hop up here， you guys wake the fuck up， don't drop them。

 you'll kill them， wake， be focused up we go， scream it， scream。3reous。Scream it。Scream。

 if you're safe。Scamish。That this way。Sream it， scream it。はは。ああ。

Now scream it loud as you fucking Ken right now， scream。Scream it。いて？3 minutes。You get up。Yes。あ。Yeah。

Hold that energy， beat off it。Feat off it， good， give the hand right now， give a hand。Just allow it。

 allow it。It's okay to allow it。Allow it to be， Allow it to be there。

 We don't question the energy when it's there。 when you're there， you don't question it。

 Do you guys ever question it when you get in that zone， You fucking shake yourself out of it。

 You just let it be there， the art of allowing， Let it be there。😡，Let your perception be enhanced。

Let perception be enhanced， input is enhanced。You're slow and yet quick at the same time。

 your spot right there， you' spot right in that fucking sweet line。😡，8 eight。あ。Yeah。あ。

allowow it to be there。Yeah。Yeah。Yeah。s nice。そ。allow it， you just allow it， it's all you got to do。

laugh。来T me的。Do you guys remember the sound from earlier？Look at this， get up here。あい。ああ。Okay。

 now sound for。Do。So。好。Now the yell。Yeah。Yeah。Yeah。Allow to be， allowed to be there。

 allowed to be there。哦。Yeah。Let it be there for a moment。Everything's perfect as it is。

It's no need to change anything。Oh。Okay。嗯。Allow it to be there， everything is perfect as it is。

You're in a collaborative frame。Everyone is on your team。You only have value to give。

The opening is there， the weight is off you。When the weight is off you， energy expands。

Watch all together。On。Yeah。Acceptance， everything is as it is。Everything as perfect as it is。

We're all friends here， we love each other。All this earth。And from that platform， we can expand。Oh。

Wash。My voice is given out a little bit left。Would I walk on stage？It wass up。

 it's Owen from Real Social Dnas。You've all heard that zillion fucking times， right？

What's the energy I'm tapping there？Acceptance， expansion。

Where's most people in society tapping approval and contraction？Accept， expand， accept。

 expand in resistance， accept。Motion， move。All that shit。

 like contraction and approval seeking goes away。You accept， you expand， lead us。Yeah。Yeah。Sream it。

 scream it now。あ。How do you feel now。Howdy feel。Would you be ready to game right now？

Can you guys get a handle amazing Yeah， that's the best I my life that's amazing。That's amazing。

Allow it to be there。Look in his eyes， Allow it to be there。 We allow it。

 We have to allow that energy to be there。 What is there。Allow it。Oh。あ。Yeah。Yeah。Yeah。Yeah。Together。

对。Yeah。あ。Now， why do we do this， okay？It could be a big practical joke for my own entertainment。

 but here's why we do it。 Okay， you walk down the street in Manhattan， right。

 you got billboards everywhere， different music influences， media influences。

 constantly making you say to yourself， how do I stack up？This conditioning is death。

It is making you contracted and approval seekingee it is a part of you that is there to help you because the truth is I don't think it would be the best idea to walk down the street going oh like that although it could be funny so there's a reason so there is a reason why that part of us exists our mental dialogue why that should exist it helps us we all wouldn't be here this building wouldn't be here without that mental dialogue。

 the question is that part that's meant to help you。

 is it becoming too dominant is it claiming too much from other energies in you。😡，Honest question。

 honest question， do you guys feel from the work that we're doing here that if you were to go out like up to a girl right now。

 say a 10， how would you feel？😡，Right。So this is why， you know， you can know all the techniques。

 but you've got to move the fucking energy。 And this is why in a lot of my videos。

 I emphasize I got in there。 I'm a little bit zoned out。 I'm in my head。 I get out。 I start moving。

 I do a few approaches。 I start to fucking and wake up。 lo and behold。 do a few more approaches。

 start to wake up more。 make out the couple girls。 So then what happens is that you get a bit of good attention。

 But then maybe it goes away。 and then you try you try like I got to make out good and then it stops。

 then you have to make a choice。 am I gonna to keep going。

 then you get your first really good one and then what does everybody want to do when the first interaction happens。

 they always want to go home out a high note。 Who heres ever felt that way。's all the hands up。

 Why because the fucking energy， it feels good and you're afraid to lose it。 you have to accept it。

 You have to allow it to be there。 Let that energy be there， I'm in the zone right now。

 The mind is quiet。 guess what guys you're in your own intent。

 when you're craving for that voice to come back。 it's because you feel like you died。😡，You're like。

 where the voice go， That voice was never you。 It can go。 Allow that presence to be there， accept it。

 It's the art of allowing。 It's good。 This is awesome。 It's going up。

 I accept what else awesome can happen。😊，Holy shit， holy fucking shit。

 how many of you guys had a great night out and you just accepted being there probably because you got forced into it so much oftentimes after a night of massive rejection for the first couple hours and you're so deep in it。

 but it's that one night that you kept going in talking to people and it fucking cracks and you had your best last hour who has ever experienced that？

 It's a common experience So we do this to replicate it So I play the role the social pressure and just start fucking with you just anything I can think of it fuck your head up because and I do it。

 do you want to know why because when I hear it my role as a healer because I can consider myself as a healer I go。

 there's a weight in there， there's a fucking wait。

 I had the other guy who I did free tour where is he。😡，Where's the at。 Does he hear。 Oh Dera， No。

 do you guys remember him from free tours。 stand up on the chair。 Okay， So it was the same with you。

 As soon as I feel that little tiny bit of weight。 my brain is like， oh shit。

 he's got the weight on him。 get the devil out。 And I'm just like。

 go And so that's how my brain goes。 And but I feel it in myself too。 I'm like， shake that shit out。

 F this shit。 I don't like this。 And so I want to shake it out。

 And I really thrive and live for that exhilarating you see a smile。

 that exhilarating fucking feeling。 the big eyes， the big smile， that exhilarating fucking feeling。

 I live for that。 I feed off that its expansive energy。 But what we're doing here is dangerous work。

 because it's hard to keep people as a fucking hamsters or rats in the cage when people are awake like this。

 And yet from this space。 you're not out to cause trouble。 You're out to give。

 And that's what people don't realize。 But you're giving on a positive agenda。

 maybe not just some corporation's agenda or some government's agenda。

 And that's why people need to be woken up。 And we have to shake ourselves out of it。

 And that's why when people see this from that。Consciousness that they're in。

 they're like that shits stupid。 Ha， look at those idiots screaming unlike me typing an insult into a keyboard on the Internet。

 I'm doing the better shit。 I'm doing the better activity here and I'm having to type this in to preserve my reality that my stifled。

 contracted approval seeking painbody fueled state is legitimate。

 So fuck these fucking guys and fuck the little gingerman and fuck it all。

 yun y y and they'll continue to sit in that state， very fuck him is what I say to。

 they'll continue to stay in that state they'll continue to stay in it because when you're in it。

 how hard is it to get out。😡，When you're in that state， how hard is it to get out。

 it's fucking hard to get out and how real does it feel。

 no idea You didn't even know you're in it right， How real does that shit feel， It feels so real。

 and that's why countries go to war against each other。 They're like kill them all。

 And a little group of guys like this is nothing。 There's fucking millions of them And they start shooting each other。

 You see that shit can't even see it because in that mode what I'm pushing on you there the feeling and I felt my whole life that' I'm so is strike back fuck these guys shit defend。

 defend defend and really it's no， it's a fucking virus on all human beings Okay Are there elements in human beings。

 Thats competitive。 Yes， it's called healthy competitive。

 It's good to have a healthy competition but but again， that could go too far。

 That's where massacres race them all as bullsh happens。

 You guys see that So what we do as humans we've got to shake out of that。

 Is it healthy that a grown man can' approach a nice girl you want to talk to What does that mean that a guy can't even walk up and talk to a girl and is paralyzed by。

😡，What does that mean， What canary in a Min is that there for？Fuck that fuck。Okay， but yet。

 while that shit is fucked up， that is where we're at in our consciousness。

 So we accept it and don't resist it。😡，Everything is fine as it is。

Even though the world might be like that or we might be like that。

 that's just where we're at as humans and as individuals right now， It's okay。

 Everything as fine as it is， It's just evolving。 It's just the next step in evolution。

 It's going in the right direction again。😡，아。Yeah。We are here to embody the change that we wish to see It doesn't matter what other people are doing。

 what their opinions are or any of that fucking noise， it's about us as individuals and our change。

 everything is right as it is， the things in our lives that seem fucked up are there for us to process。

 everything is in process， everything is right and good as it is。😡，아。Louder。Presence。

Accept the presence again。아。Yeah。Everything is as it should be。

 your journey is unfolding exactly as it should， you must continue to expand and follow that natural impulse that you feel when you're present。

 not that frenetic scattered mind。😡，But that natural impulse， when you're out of your own way。

 get centered to it now。그。Oh。Yeah。Deep breath。Think of anything that could be wrong now。

 breathe it deep into yourself and hold it for three seconds。Release it out， let it go。

Anything that could be wrong outside of yourself。That you can't control。

 but as evolving as it should， breathe it in now， hold it deep。Let it go。

We're going to do two more of the ohms， we're going to fucking screaming and go crazy。

 and then we're going to go into infield。hoome。어。Yeah。Yeah。Yeah。Be sound， allow the mind， allow it。

You don't have to do anything。Let the peace heal you。That infuse you the energy。Preathe deep。Om。Yeah。

🎼，嗯系。Shake your body a bit。Shake it a bit more。Coun of through， you're going to scream。

We're going to do two more screams， first one， one， two， three。It's like yang and yang。

 that's the explosion， let the energy come back。We do this to teach you energy control a little bit out there。

 right， it's a little bit out there。That's cool。 Most people can't wrap their heads around a shit like this。

How are you feeling right now？미려。I'm trying to give you a visceral experience of when you're out there and you got to fucking crush it。

 how to handle your energy。 He had what kind of experience， a transformational experience。😡，Yeah。

Ready for the final stream。He's gonna to lead the last scream。 I want to see jumping。

 Don't hurt each other。 I want to see jumping， go fucking crazy。 Try to hurt the equipment either。

 Juing crazy。 You're gonna fucking lead the shit。 Show us。😡，1。Two， three。Yeah。ああ。ああ？

What do you want to change， what do you want to remember from today and change going forward？如有意味。

What do you want to remember？From today， it's more to do with energy。Then watch it。

A lot of times share I hear you come on baby it's more more to what I learned today was。

A lot of times it's more to do the problem。 If there's a problem。 It's more to do with the energy。

It's more to do with the energy than the logic。What you want？Good answer。

What do you want to keep with you after this， when you feel yourself retreat？

What are some of the steps go practical steps， You feel the energy retreat first step。

 and also though， mentally， what do we do， except take we take notes。 be aware of it， awareness。 Yes。

 then awareness， then accept it， completele acceptance。 So what's the first one。AwareSecond one。

 take action， third one， get out of your head through what？You can try and force it。

 you can try to force it through what action through action， as we get out of our head。

 what are we prone to do？more to be more insightled。

 But then when it starts to go too good and we're like， we're so cool。

 what happens get involved with yourself and fall out of it or to go home early because we got to win and then want to go ride that feeling。

 It's okay to lose the feeling for a bit。And then we go fucking crush it。

 yell crush it to the crowd right now， crush it， yell crush it back。Yall crush it， crush it。

 yell crush it back。ケ。完じ。Good shit， give my hand guys， thank you very much。Great work。Excellent work。

Coly shit， Okay， sure， go for it。Thank you， thank you， amazing， thank you I the thank you bro。

 good shit。So。That is why， okay， look， that's， that's the most controversial element of the seminar。

 It's also the part that hits people the hardest and that it has the highest degree of backlash because when you see it。

 you're like， fuck this， fuck this， fuck this， because the weight。😡，It bears down so hard。

 One of the reasons why， Josh， I wanted to leave you lingering in that for a while。

 which as a seminar leaders fighting， by the way， because in theory。

 I'll probably fuck that up one day and someone got right out like fuck this guy， you know。😡，What者。

I picked the right person， I try to intuitively look for people that I recognize what I've dealt with inden because that is the single biggest thing that I deal with more than anything else in my entire game I don't want to say an empath because it sounds very self involvedvold。

 I'm a very empathetic person I really feel things and for years I could feel myself just constantly。

😡，Giving way too much of a fuck。You know， and I just feel it so fucking deep。 And it， I mean。

 it's scary to think that that really stole。Two decades of my life。

There's two decades of like you can go imagine right now you just found out you've got to go to jail。

How pissy be， right？不。There's also a jail in your own fucking mind。😡，And I did my time， man， okay？So。

 you know， and we all do our time occasionally when we retreat， you know， I mean。

 I teach this because it's the single thing that I struggle with the most。😡，It really is。

And I go back into it sometimes。 Do you guys know my buddy， Michael Sin？

He tried to do a little interview with me one time， and literally， I just fell back in it。

 It was the weirdest thing。And I started sweating almost as much as I'm sweating now。

With my own buddy interviewing me， it was weird。And I got to see that on table what that looks like。

I was like， what happened， I just shut down， and I'm sure it'll happen to me again。

 but the cool side is because I'm passionate about it， for that reason。

 I can work on it in my own programs。And I can share it with other people。

 So one of the reasons I stuck in games so long， it wasn't like， okay。

 I could like fuckle these girls like， it's never enough pussy， but you know right， right。

 It's never enough but like。😡，You know， I mean everybody loves sex it's wired into us， of course。

 of course we do， but it's like I kept finding it so rewarding to go out and get unstifled and go through that process that I loved of feeling the weight bearing down on me and what I found was I could identify it more I was like when I go out it magnifies this weird heaviness that I feel And then on good nights I break out of it and I was like。

 how hows this happening And if you just keep getting used to doing that。

 you'll crush it with girls so hard and now is this everything。No， of course。

 there's a lot of technique and a million different little elements。To success with women。

 we're going to go into some video now， but it's a core epiphany around which a lot of technique rests upon that tapestry。

 And when you have that， you have a lot more room for error。 Comversely， when you don't have it。

 you need a lot more technique。And then when you need a lot more technique， you know what you do。

 your brain goes， I need more technique。I need a video I haven't seen yet。

 I know if I fucking control if you from Philadelphia， you'll show a video I haven't seen。

And then don'll get what I need then I'm like get up and yell and you're like I don't already know how to yell right that's what I' feel。

 And you know of course， yeah， watch more vis， of course， you know right newvids。

 it's very reasonable absolutely you're totally in the right and I'm totally in the wrong in a lot of ways okays like I know that but I can also like instinctively I'm like this man doesn't need another video you see what I'm saying right so' and that's where we've got to get the energy movie and now watchvid and then you'll see it from a different lights and in different context and see the energy that I'm conveying and then when you're watching me walk up to these girls and I'm just like yo。

 it's up the expansive energy is coming out， I'm not even doing that much now you have a feel for it and this is the epiphany that I'm the most passionate about because it's so relevant and pervasive in the equality of your life。

 the actual enjoyment and quality to where you could be like Justin Bieber you know what Justin Bieber said recently he had to cancel a meetup。

With his fans。 he had this tour。 he was doing meeting up with his fans。

 Eddie he said it spiritually drains me to do these meetups。 I'm exhausted。 It's killing me。

 I thought to myself， poor dude。Just goes around。Sharing his music。

With people with 11 year old girls with people and you know， and what a great life， right。

 what a great life。But he's had a lot of people attack him。

 and he hasn't necessarily had the guidance of how to think about it and without guidance。

I don't know you it's tricky right so that's why and unfortunately society doesn't say get some guidance on it。

 it says well maybe make another big album， it maybe temporarily it works just like you know temporarily do a good approach。

 you know it works， right？But I see some guys they fuck so many girls and they're on this roller coach like I fucked a girl。

 I hate myself， I fucked a girl， I hate myself because it gets a temporary fix so we want to learn how to fix the problem from the inside out but then from there。

 don't let anyone tell you not to go get laid or to crush it now from that point from that foundation we can go crush it just like you're gonna watch me do here because I'm not just sitting up here like yeah。

 you're about to watch me go on an epic rampage through the city of San Francisco。

 unlike anything which the world has ever seen。😡，Okay so I'm not just sitting and I'm like okay oh I feel great。

 go to bed， I like okay I'm like， no， crush it okay and then I go crush it so that's the space that's coming from and we do it here in a group setting because it's very rare that we can have a group get together like this so in the group energy that's the cool part of being here live okay that's why well you know if we're gonna come live otherwise you watch shit on right so if we're gonna come live fuck it we'll do it as a group and we'll use our group together like I can't experience something like that。

At home on my own， and I'm the teacher。 Maybe I could date like a lot of girls and be like， okay。

 girls， come on it，My may be my next product。 but like watch this。Yeah， it's probably problem。

Really getting into this idea a lot。 So the main point being is that there's the energy。

 that's a platform。 We do something little wacky or weird。 And look。

 if there's a part of your mind that says， well， light， there is competition in life。

 look there's healthy competition， There's healthy mind， you know。

 heavy mind stuff where you got to think。All that suck fine， but is it healthy or is it running you。

 and is it running you in a way that feels good or is it running you in the fucking ground。

 So I want to get you the point where you can feel presence and you can have expansive energy And when you feel it。

 you accept it and expand it。😡，Become aware， accept the resistance。

You probably wake up most mornings feeling like that。sorry， be aware of it。 then accept it。

 start moving， taking action， force it， Let the wind come。Feel good。

 but you'll probably fall back because you're like， it's working。 and then you'll fall back。

 Get back on your feet， move aware， accept no resistance to it。 Start moving， force it a bit。

 get into the zone and allow it to be there。Allow your mind to be at peace。

 Allow yourself to be there。You guys ready to watch them infield's it。

