# 10、泰勒 《热座》：02.-福利(非核心课没翻译)：02.-Webinar-with-Sam,-Luke-and-Madison网络研讨会，山姆，卢克，麦迪逊：Webinar with Sam, Luke and Madison【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。I kind of want to start on the topic of pulling， pulling。

 pulling good old pulling because that's what my stomachmit speech is gonna be about。

 Now are you talking about pulling off yourself or pulling。

 generally just pulling the girl pulling yourself pulling off pulling on yourself。

 which is different than pulling off yourself pulling on yourself。

 So I want to talk a little about pulling。 So my sumit speech is gonna be about is gonna instinct。

 That's I' to talk about a little bit So I want to think talk about generally pulling how I view pulling talk about your thoughts about pulling and then we'll talk about some general check marks。

 your mind you're about to do a poll。's do that So for me my games of funny because I don't really believe old school method of there's attraction there's comfort and then seduction。

 I don't really try to go for attraction。 I just typically try to plan the from the beginning。

 Thats what I like hello's like oh hi back。😊，Okay， let me start planning this pull in my mind。

 I'm looking like actually it's a golf analogy I got for this。

 the golf analogy I have is playing for the green。You know what that means playing Yeah。

 of course you know I think I know what playing for the green。

 So it's like or playing for the beaver， playing for the green basically means you're playing golf and you're hitting the ball and you're not just trying to hit it as hard as you can or whack it like anywhere in the direction You're actually trying to make it land in that little circular part of the hole is like the grass area So I'm always trying to play for the green I'm always trying to like set up for the second I'm saying hello or second this interaction is going well。

 I'm trying to plan it so that it's eventually leading towards a quote。

 I don't want to ever waste my my night。😊，Spending time on an interaction that just looks good or just feels good I always want to say what are my options with somebody who are my options that that I have here that can walk out the front door with what are my best options so either the girls that are like very friendly the girls that aren't doing anything later the girls that have some like don't have plans later the girls that have plans and are cool with me coming along etc cea。

 etc cetera， etc cetera So I always want to keep that in mind the other thing is。You know。

 I think that there's three ways to kind of pull。 I was talking this our marketing guy before Miil。

 There's three ways to kind of pull。 The first way is option which is the most common is you go with the girls wherever they're going。

 So that's you just go with them to whatever plans they have whatever at the party， whatever food。

 just hang along with them and then go with them。 The second one is they go with you。

 So you bring the whole group along with you to just kind like go and have fun and have a good time。

 know， you hey everybody let's go for food。 everybody， let's go for b bla's for this，'s go for that。

 you invite them along to go with you。 And the last one is of like where you try to isolate your you're like。

 okay， leave your friends， your friends come me， let's do this tell them you'll be back。

 So that's the three ways。 But then's kind this fourth mysterious way I guess we call the X。

 The fourth mysterious way is just whatever random bull happen It some sort of combination cluster fuck of all the above and something else like have thought So kind of like the four ways to pull。

 you go with them。They go with you， you isolate your girl。

 She goes you or some other random combination of stuff。

 So that's kind of how I generally kind of think of the polls。 Of course， the good old fashion。

 I always say， seating。Bleeding， defeating what's impeding， so seating the girl， having plans。

 what can you do later， telling her about it， talking about it。

 making interesting vivid stories really really creative to her or really realistic to her。Leading。

 which is。Everybody else knows what leading is， Le for self-explanatory if you don't know what leading is leading is just like taking your hand and literally just go walking in in front of her。

 taking your hand and making the decision for， taking her hand and saying we should do this and then defeating what's competing is all those guys that show up and try to like take her off through at the end of the night and of course the friends that try to like drag her off and like Jessica's coming with us or' girlfriend I mean you could always handle that by being could always handle that by befing the friends。

 of course。Or just like trying to isolate or whatever。

 but just it happens sometimes you always can't always avoid that。嗯。Okay。

 so you have any thoughts on pulling， pulling， yeah pulling？嗯。I'm going to say one thing I'm pulling。

One thing real quick。You got to know what you want。

 So a lot of guys will go up there and they'll get there and they'll get close。

 and it's about to happen。 The pool is about to happen。 You're about to get。

 You've been in games so fucking long， and it's about to happen。And you start to get nervous。

And you start to get more nervous and more nervous and more nervous， and you can barely fuck it up。

So's not good。 Now， the thing with that is。You need to be so comfortable with pulling that in sometimes what I've done。

 I've not even known I'm pulling。 I'm just doing the routine。 I'm just like， yeah。

 I'm going to an after part。 I'm seating in between。 I'm like， yo， guess who's here。

 So my little procedure is really， really simple。 I like to as shake it is。 I like to keep it really。

 really simple。 Step1。 Okay， extract her from the venue。 Now， where are we gonna go。

What are we going to do， what are the problems are they going to come up？

Because how many problems come up， there's girls， there's she's got work tomorrow，'s got you know。

 she's got her dog in the car or she's got some ridiculous thing and youve got to make sure that you can handle those situations because even when you extract a girl from a nightclub。

 it's like，That's cool。 That doesn't mean you're go to fuck her at the end of the night so what are the things that are going to come up that are going happy you and I try to cover all my boundaries with them I'm like。

 okay， so if the friends are there， I have to make sure that we're cool with the friends。

 I'm cool with the friends。If she has work tomorrow see what I can handle it。

 if she's got a job that she's got to go to， maybe I can just drive her back。 I used to do that。

 I'm like okay can I'll drive you back home So I find a solution for that problem。 She's like。

 oh no I've got nothing to do tomorrow。 Oh yo create some wizard story or a story that's just so fascinating that she has to come。

 one of the stories I said was like I got two pet shotss at home。

 So I created like fun things for her to want to do So that would too shark。 Yeah。

 that was my little pulling。 look we start off with the topic of pulling just normal pulling。😊，Set。

 yeah， yeah， what's your thoughts I'm pulling yourself off in the bathroom。Yeah， no。

 I mean pulling I think every time I go into nightclub。

 that's the whole that's the whole thing that's on my mind。 I'm never thinking how do I open。

 I'm never thinking how do I progress A to Z exactly I always think every time I go anywhere。

 I'm purely thinking I'm reverse engineer what are the things necessary in order to get her from wherever we are at back to my place。

 I take it a little bit further too and I go that how am I gonna to get her from my living room to my bedroom then how am I gonna get her from outside the door into the door and it's always this I don't like to use justifications。

 I would rather just use the investment of the interaction to then maneuver the interaction that way。

 but every step along the way is seed with the justification if necessary。

 there's always a laptop in my bedroom for YouTube videos that I can take her there And if I'm confident with knowing that I can get her from the living room into my bedroom that I'm gonna be super confident knowing I can pull her out of the nightclub to either the lobby or to some restaurant or whatnot。

 The key to having confidence in one step and game is knowing what you're about to do after that step。

Because if you know what you're going to do after you pull。

 then pulling isn't really that big of a deal either。 I mean。

 so we have a question how do you take her back to your crack den in the ghetto I mean you have a great justification there So I would just use that。

You guys talk about day game。 Yeah Yeah， also day game。 Yeah。

 he did a bunch of day game right when you were learning。 Yeah。

 I did because I 40 hours a day Yeah like yeah，14 days a week I used to do like day game and the night game。

 So day game every night game every And that's how I got better。 Well， for me。

 that's how I got better because like total immersion like basically Vegas immersion put yourself in there so much like shit so。

😊，From there day day game is pretty fun， it's like in the day you get a tan。

 you don't look like a fucking zombie ghost vampire。

And I used to do it in completely different spots。 So one day I'd do it at the train station one day。

😊，I would do it in the Darling Harbour in Sydney some days I'd do it on the beach in the supermarket。

 I just make my time where I'd just do it in different places so I became comfortable so I could approach women just。

😊，Any situation， any time， anywhere， and the more and more I did that。You know。

 the more and more I got more success because I found that day game correlated so much better to night game。

 So I think with so much day game， my night game would just be， you know。

 within the club because I't have done it in the day。 It's even more awkward in the day a little bit。

😊，Yet， it's not。 And going overnight， is's just。I found it easier for me because I'd done so much day game。

I used to live in a farm。Eric says he lived a fire， lived on a dairy farm。

The cows aren't good for calibration。 I'll take a day game。s question here too。

 Did you pull in the day， I pulled in the daytime a few times。 It was a little weird。 I mean， listen。

😊，I actually talking about this book with Owen， I was like， you know。

 I think it's not good to make out with girls in the day because after you make out with them in the day。

 sometimes they like they don't want to see you after because they feel jealous and guilty， right？

But are they feel judged， actually？You know， the truth is there is somebody out there who probably does do that。

 There's somebody out there who's probably mastered。

 mastered making out with girls in the day and has consistency in it or has results for day twos。

 I used to do it then I realized oh my day two is like my day three would be like flake because I made out with them in the public in the mall and they feel like they would be judged and like such so I stopped doing that but generally my day game it's a few quick pointers。

One， the first thing I'm going to do is she's in the day。

 she's probably go somewhere so I'm going to walk with her， I never try to really stop them。

 I might stop immediately for like the hello of the handshake。

 I'm going to try to walk with because it's date like she might be going to the bank or going to a doctor's appointment you don't know what's happening so I'm going to walk with her。

Number two is I want to ask her， hey， what are you up to right now？And I say that exact phrase， Hey。

 what do you go to right now， If I ask her， hey， what do you go to right now， likely she's gonna say。

 I'm doing this， or I'm going shopping。 So it gives me a logistical understanding of how much time that I have if I have like 30 seconds to talk to her。

 or she's waiting for a bus and it's coming or if I have like five minutes to walk with her somewhere。

 And then the third one is。I'm probably gonna ask her like we give a shit。

 Freddie probably gonna ask her like its a way like。

 are you madly love with somebody right now that way I can kind of figure out like I don't need here to be like 100 cent single。

 but It you to not be emotionally committed to like another guy。

 So those kind of things help me figure out like am I working with。

 How I how can I move this forward。 what what my plan of attack。

 What is my strategy gonna be here and I just find generally if I do those things， walk with hey。

 what are you up to do right now， I can kind of use those as a way to like move things forward and make something happen。

 I see a lot of guys just do approach like just approach spa approach the day。

 Like I just want to go for the in。 whole the same for the poll and meet the same thing for the poll at night。

 My whole thing is I just want to go for an instant day。 I don't care about the number。

 I' get a number if I can't get in basically's I put my day game。😊，Y， put your day in your day game。

 day game is fun。 I think day game isn't something you should go do。

 It's there something you should do what you're living your life。 If you go out to like do day game。

 you're also going out to like go hit on like less quantity and less attractive girls is how it is if you happen to see a really pretty girl walking past you in the daytime That's one thing。

 but to go out and just randomly go day game at some at union， I mean where the big day game areas。

 Union Square in New York fail nothing but ugly wes like like just these like potheads who are like probably half homeless I mean。

s or like you're hitting on girls that immediately trying to go to their work or trying to do something。

 if you're bumping into a girl in your daily life， that's one thing。 that's awesome。

 but to just go out for four hours to a day game spot that's just not very productive。

 I mean there's the reason why night game is so good is there's so many girls around all the time。

 How do you unlock girls in the club on the dance floor effectively you put in the cheat code。

 I mean， ideal ideally dance floor ideally dance floors。

I mean ideally you're not opening on the dance floor because even if you can do it really。

 really well like I have these four specific moves I use that always just kind of work because I used to do it a lot even if you can do it effectively it's just not it's not gonna to create as much leverage in the interaction you're not gonna to create very much investment theres there's no real point right So instead ideally you open the girls on the at the bar and then you take them to the dance floor to isolate them away from their girlfriends then you bring them back to some other side of the bar that way you're using the dance floor as like a three to five minute way to basically just。

Get the obstacles away and to create a little bit more fun and a better vibe in the interaction。Yeah。

 that's the thing。 Try find someone， Try finding someone on the dance floor。 It super hard。

 That's why you do it。 You take that girl。The girlfriends can't find her。Isolation。Giving for it。

Yeah， I like the Nikke versus day question here the guy says he' doing a lot of。Day game practice。

 How do you transition into night game。 like just old statement。

 Just statement is night game and day game were exactly the same except for the sun is I like that little phrase there。

 So the thing with night game is that night game which allows you to like hit so many girls and it's getting to like more of a flow state because you're just like hitting。

 hitting， hitting， hitting Its action and so much action like overwhelms your mind。😊。

That's just cool about the night in the daytime， you don't have that opportunity because people are just like walking around。

 it's like old man， old lady dog， then it's a cute girl。

 maybe right So in the daytime like as Luke was saying just kind of go around and。Have an activity。

 have something that you're doing and you sprinkle day game in long as you're doing that so you're gonna to go buy shoes。

 you're gonna go hang out a friend， they're gonna go for a coffee， you're gonna to go into acade。

 whatever you're gonna do right you're doing that stuff that you enjoy doing it makes you feel good。

 keeps you in a good vibe and then you do the day game as you're going out doing that you kind of sprinkle that day game in and also。

Its not know daytime is better than nighttime。 I actually met the most of the stunning girls I've met like dated like models and stuff。

 I met them the day。 but it's that nighttime has it's more target rich， prospect rich。

 more prospect and practice rich so you can go out and do more approaches in the night and kind sharpening your skill faster than doing approaching the day hanging around your do another else is in your or whatever So that's the idea of day game and night game。

 I thinkre pretty much generally the same just day game tone down the aggressiveness and assertiveness youre not trying to over overpower the music overpower like all this other stimulation is' happening。

 if you want to have a general conversation with the day game pretty because it's no alcohol really's sad part It depends how you want to there's a flaking。

 I think the flaking question is really good because it of ties in a lot of you guys have the flaking question is really solid because。

It's like your fl should be almost zero right So a flake's on a number clothes。

 You should be handing your phone over to the girl and then having her put in her number and then text you out on the spot and you'll never have a flake ever from a girl right sometimes it's better to actually punch in her phone number。

 but you'll never have a risk of a flake if you do that the best way to not have the best way to have basically set follow through and not have any flakes throughout the interaction even after the first interaction is you get as much buy in and skin in the game as possible from the girl the more skin in the game that she puts in the more buy in that she gets the more investment she has the more likely she is to actually follow through in the things she said one cool thing you can do is actually pretend like you guys didn't have phones and you guys were just meeting each other like it was several like it was 10 years ago maybe longer than that now where people't really have phones。

 they just were accountable they just held each other to an accountable standard basically and showed up at a certain place and time。

 So if you can basically get the phone number of a girl and in such a way where you actually make all of the details known and set so that she。

just shows up at the place at the time that you guys are thinking of。

 meaning you set up the logistics of the actual event and the time and place who， what。

 why and where that she now has all this buy in so that she's likely to do that actually and likely to go on that date rather than actually flake on you。

You know it' it's a good question here。 I like this。 This is That's a good answer by the way。

 really dope question I just saw。 would you recommend gaming in different cities not because it's or easier。

 but to get more volume and practice than in your own backyard So I'll question we all travel a lot。

 So think it's a question When I used to play professional golf。

There there's two types of professional golf and professional professional the DHV。

 so there was two types of players。 there was a player that was really good at his home course。

 the course used to play at all the time and then there was guys that could play anywhere in the world and shoot the exact same score。

 you put those two people together in un locations and the guy that had a lot of experience traveling and playing different courses would absolutely dominate the other guy like completely right So I take that to game。

 So if you're traveling around different places， different environments you're giving some stimulus to yourself from different places like I know you've been Canada。

 probably different Americas different Australia， different where Lu's originally from and we know every place since we've been traveling so much together。

 every place like Atlanta that we went to was different to Houston。😊，Houston was different to Miami。

 Miami's different LA all of those places are different to Australia。

 all of those places are different to fucking Romania。

 which I was with Julian right So the more and more you travel more and more you get used to cultural differences and and actually realizing that some girls in different places like Dai right you can't obviously escalate like you can in America because you get thrown in jail so you have to have calibration。

 so if you touch a girl's hand in Dubai or hold a hand。

 you get thrown in jail So you've got to by learning all those different nuances in different countries。

You get an overall biggest like perspective and you can go to new places and find。You know。

 use all your skills rather than just staying the one place， one place， one place， one place。

 one place。 I like traveling too because。Not because it's awesome because it is if you haven't travel。

 I recommend you fucking do that because it's one of the best ways to get out of your comfort zone and expand your personality like traveling just allows you to be。

To realize that your little world of what you think the world is in your city。

 Bumf town as Luke would say is not as cool or as important and all the people that you think are cool are not that cool and all the concerns you have are really not that big concerns this are health or family right I like to go and travel and game in other cities when I do that I go for at least a week I try to I mean weekend's cool I like to go for a week I go for this one express purpose iss one exact reason one reason I like to go。

Is because when you go for a week， you get to under damn sandwich。 the fucks up with your hair。

 That was crazy。 When you go for a week， you get to see like。😊，How people are in every city。

 And I find people do act a little bit differently。 So if I'm in Vegas。

 a little bit differently calibrated than LA。I'm in LA。

 I'm a little bit differently calibrated than New York。 All the cities that I've been to。

 I noticed theres like people have the people that are kind of similar conjugate together in certain areas。

 So if I can kind of figure out what the blueprint is for those people。

 I get better calibration I understand the different angles of personalities。

 I get a bigger idea of the whole pie people with personal。

 So then when I go out and I do meet a girl in my hometown。

 I'm like oh I've seen this kind of personality before。

 I like a reference for that kind of personality that I before because I've I've other cities。

 I've met the quiet girl from the Midwes and I've met the crazy girl from or the crazy girl from Vegas who think she isn't shes aspiring to whatever all the kind of stuff。

 So I just like to go different cities and meet people and get a better understanding of how people are I got a question for you guys if there's one book that's changed your life What would that be one book that's changed your life。

 a couple of books that really have made a big impact from Mars women are from Venus look what's your books the favorite book that。

my life is called busting Vegas。 it's about busing in Vegas。

 It's about It's about a MIT Blackjack team， a college blackjack team that basically went to Vegas and took Vegas for millions and by basically doing team blackjack card counting that changed my life because it was one of the motivators that got me to move to Vegas not because I like blackjack or gambling at all but because it helped push me to go to Vegas which answers one of the questions there when you said LA or Vegas L is horrible it's one of the worst cities in the world and Vegas is the best city in the world So it's very easy LA you have to drive 35 minutes to get to Eddie girl whatsoever Vegas。

 you can go four minutes and go to Eddie girl logistics in Vegas are perfect。

 there's pretty girls in Vegas that answers that books's your favorite game books are I't even ones are books first one is iron by Robert'pe book It's about male development say that males in this day and age don' write a passage。

Like go through like traumatic experiences like before like back in the day if you were a young warrior。

 they throw you out for three days， no food into the wilderness and you had to like sleep in the cold and hunt to survive so that's kind of shit it's like I write a passage book pretty dealt。

And I would say fire in the belly。And King War Re lover， I cant remember the office of those books。

 those are all really， really dope books。 if you're getting to pick up self-development。 Of course。

 David data weigh the Super bands of classic， I actually started reading that one again like a month ago because that's some drama with my girlfriend and I was like oh shit。

 this is crazy。 I remember all this stuff from before。

 But I don' remember how awesome it was like just reading it a year or two later。

 like kind of like opened my eyes it's a new way of understanding the knowledge。

 say the time of the book again， which one all for I John by Robert Blyigh。King War， magician lover。

 fire in the belly and weird a superior man。 Okay boom the biggest book that changed my life was the lower of attraction by Jerry Nesta Hicks。

 similar to the secret。 But but very much more in depth。 And then from there。

 you've got like the vortex and you've got all these other things。 But that book changed my life。

 but。😊，Probably Carnegie's book， How to Win friendsendzy influenceflu People major major Impact on me。

 that one that one's crazy book， and it's a crazy book because you can keep reading it， reading it。

 reading and you forget so much shit out of it like he spent so long developing that book。😊。

That you know， the new edition is crazy。 The more new edition is crazy。

 and that book is is if you haven't checked it out， definitely checked that out。 it's a very。

 very good book。 And then other books that changed my life is like cosmoss by Carl Sagan。

 So that's a really， really cool book。 because I'm into astronomy。

 I don't believe Vegas Jo here don't that Vegas is going out of water I think I don't think that's going to happen。

 But for the guys for the guys three sometimes this because Miami I'm gonna to be Miami this week I have to be staying in a hostel not have to be staying get to stay in a hostel there's gonna be girls right there with you all of the time。

 it's a very social area So that I mean hostels are they're super， super social。 So it's very。

 very easy to meet people。 especially to bring girls back to the hostel what you lack in logistics at the actual hostel you gain in terms of good you gain in terms of。

😊，we social ease basically right the game at Airpo while waiting for connection Oh I always that's Yeahs I like the game with the arrivals that way you know these girls just got there they and know nobody they knew in the city they fresh off the boat so you could pick up with the arrivals like hey you got plans I guess you don't because you just got here you knew ride。

I actually did it like twice once I hope you said it just like that going for ride where you going these parts。

 you ain't got no friends， you know， today you learn today I did that day game Yeah that was a lot of fun that was a lot of fun Fred。

Doing Vegas immersion is probably one of the only ways to become an intern in Vegas immmersion。

 so yes， it's a very good way， sign up， let's go hang out， it would be fun。No。

 I love Vegas merger so good。College and social circle game College and social circle game guys。

 what do you think， Okay， because it's college， I can go college but social circle。

Constantly doing that， I don't think。for me， because we travel， I don't ever message my friends ever。

 I don't message them。 I always call them because that's one step。 I always do faceacetime。

 always stay them connected so I can stay connected。 But back in the day。

 I wish I had Luke's advice that he has online because that would have helped me。

 but basically I tried to get M out as much as possible。

 So I used to send out a group text message and get them to as many places as I can。

 just like I'd be like the place good ivy I'd send like10 messages and I'd get like 20 people。

30 people to come。 And I got to see those 2030 people。

 So I always just used to try staying contact as much as possible。 But now I got the call。

 I just call them all the time。 just so I mean connection with them。 So Luke， this is your forte。

 I that's stick to the college game because I mean。

 social circle game it's a big topic right basically to start with both like basic social circle game and college game。

 Just start people collecting。 Just start collecting everybody you meet basically your goals should be when you're doing social circle game and when you're first getting started in social circle game。

Is that I'd go gay for you honeyney5， Wow， that's cute。

flatlatered these people collecting so when you start people collecting。

 you basically want to make your cold approach， not a waste of time So every girl you cold approach that you don't necessarily have that if you have success with your cold approach girl。

 then go for it， but if you don't then still get the number close。

 still justify it and and then build them into your social circle categorize them in different parts of your life so that you actually have these different people so you have girls that you could potentially。

Nothing but 100 month。You basically have these different these different categories of people。

 you have restaurant owners， you have other girls， you can talk to friends。

 things like that and that way now you have this perfect these categories in these buckets every time you meet people you can put them into and then build on it from there did you game it all when you're in college the semester you were there before I dropped out I gained the honeys I didn't game my knowledge I was like in college actually university calling in Canada and I did a lot of game and there's a fine balance right there's a fine balance between shitting where you eat and being cool it's like a gray area you could overgame your classmates and become the creepy guy in campus that just like like hardcore what's your name career you know how to party like every girl like be like that guy like the RSD over like over the edge guy you wantna be that guy in your campus it's better for you just be cool and social and not try to like close every girl you say hello to you in college。

Their reputation of just like just being that guy is just like an idiot。 you know。

 So what you want to do is eventually just kind of like。Get these girls to hang out with you。

 maybe one on one and then try to move things forward， try to escalate things。

 So three ways to escalate things。 you escalate things verbally logistically or physically。

 those are three ways to escalate things and you want to do that when you're with the girl eventually one on one situation。

 Not always like in the first time you meet her really just slow playing social circle game college games about slow playing not like going for the home run the the first meet like taking your time maybe doing it second time or whatever like that。

 college game like work like gaming at work Yeah the thing don't you a of golf though No no no Yeah。

 I did have how did you game at work basically you know direct game at all at all because that can get you fired instantly know。

 mean especially if you hit on your boss or something shit like that。

But I used to try and get a couple of girls I used to work with。

I was around them so much that I just show it wasn't like a pickup。

 It was just showing that I'm a cool guy。 You know， and I mean， just being funny。

 And that's what I'd do。 Id just like tell jokes the whole day because that would' make them have a great day with me。

 So the first time I meet him a whole day of jokes and the next day just jokes clowning around having fun。

 And so their thoughts with me is this guy's so much fun Yet I I would drop hints of like sexuality in their sexual say induendos And I would bring up topics like。

 what's your favorite sex position。 So it'd still be man to woman rather than that friend friend wipe。

😊，So that's what what I did with work， and then I did have sex with a few customers in the back。

Kind of remember once I had sex with the janitor， happened was。Fuck， I want to tell this story。

 F that next question。 Sam， How do you see the data work。

 How do you see the data work So follow up to what you were saying， Okay， if you're。

 you're directly working with them， it's， it's very。😊，It's。I always did it。

 lets just straight after work。 We'd finished straight after。 Let's go out here。

 and I'd invite them out to nightclubs a little bit。

 So I'd do one social event outside of work because you can get locked in the frame of just work friends。

 And that's what I found with a couple of girls， I was locked in work friends there。

 just work friends。 So when I did something outside。

 It's like a nightclub when you meet a girl at a nightclub when you meet her outside in normal society in in the streets。

 it doesn't feel real。 same with work it's just somewhere you go to。

 So I used to do social things with them。 And how I would say it would be like yo。

 I've got a hook up in a nightclub or I've got a cool party Sha come I should bring your girlfriend。

 And I' make it not just a dates to say I just bring lots of friends there。

 So that it's not as comfortable And two or three times down the road I' like'all come out here。

 let's grab some dinner after work。 as's that。 And it slowly gets there。

 instead of just being a hard thing。 other than that， you can get like you can get。😊，You know。

 the girl can be feel really weird about you。 And you have to meet it the next day。 You know， I mean。

 I'll see the next day。 So you have a janitor Fox story Madison。

 There's like full questions about it。 saw this。 shes like a young， shes like 2122 janitor。

's like her family had like a janitor business。 So she would like come up there and sweep and mop around。

 And I just kind I do what's called shortet method。 It's a old school techniques。

 So every time you see her just very little。 Hey little interaction15 seconds bounce。

 See her again like make a funny joke， bounce。 You'd ever ask for anything。 give value。

 give value give value shortet method。 Google that。 You can buy that anywhere。

 So I do shortet method eventually she I got a number。

 and I text her and we text like we flirt during the day。

 And then I go continue seeing her after about two weeks or so or three weeks。

 I think would eventually happens。 I knew she would come back she works there it's not in a club where you flirt with a girl。

 She's just gone。 I flirt with her。 I know she's gonna come back。 I played it really cool。

 really casual。😊，And eventually she's like， oh， come downstairs， whatever， whatever。

 I made plans to see her after the office and I went to like a little janitor room and she had like like candles up and like laid down her like little janitor mattress like little sheets thing and yeah。

 anyways， I fool around after I just felt so weird I just bounced out。

 didn I didn't go all the way with her I just was like this is so confused what's the story that Where was she a janitor of。

What was like a call center， it was like a call center。

 Oh and you customer service I worked I worked in customer service the call center。对不。

If you so fresh D， you got your cat pregnant， you should go seek therapy because that sounds kind of creepy。

Well， that's a really creep question。Yeah， see a lot of how do you hook with sleep Can I said I was too if there's bad audio video quality。

 just restart it because most of people can hear it just fine。 Yeah， How do you fuck your professor。

 Great rack。Hi， okay， let's do this。 This is a good applicable question。

 How do you turn a shitty night around if you are drain your energy well out。

 How do you turn it around so that you can start having fun。 Sil， Sil， good question。😊。

It's better than the cat sex question。 Oh think Sam me， how do you turn for starters。

 I know the first two hours。 I know the first three hours。Don't count at all。

Audio video getting worse for me too。Literally， the first two hourss don't care。 I go out， go go out。

And you're for do it for a week。 go out。 this is what I do for a week。

 And your objective is to not pull girls just to talk to everyone， make friends。

 make friends for a week and see if that's more draining。😊。

And because I feel like you're trying to hit on every single fucking girl。

 you'd probably be doing you know5060 approaches， which is fine， but let's mix something up。

 if you're getting so exhausted from that， let's mix up。

 let's change your intent to be like okay let's just be friends with people you know make some friends。

 you know it guys girls mix it up because when I mixing it up you're gonna get more enthusiasm back for it I see guys that they just like diminish it。

 they hate it and they leave after six months iss because they're not keeping it fun。

 you know I mean things can get repetition and boring。 that's why people like three year。

 seven year with girls or one year one a half year itches with work， keep it interesting。

 make it different you know I mean remember how I go over my insecurity of being short。

 two weeks straight， I just approach fucking any girl over six foot2。Keep it interesting。

 You know what I mean， for that， it kept me exciting in game instead of like losing my energy。

 even approaching and I like asked the same thing over and over again。 No it exciting。

 I just wanted to see what I can do， what I could push myself to do。 So with that。

 I just made up little games for myself。 So， you know， not with anyone else， get wings。 obviously。

 that's always fun。 if we through go out。 It's fucking hilarious night。 if you don't have wings。

 But create little games for yourself。 You know， keep it fun。

 then being so serious because I feel like your energy would be lost because you take it way too seriously。

 it's supposed to be fun。😊，Yeah。ま Madison。Yeah， I feel like I'm the least like the worst qualified person to talk about having fun in the club out of all the RSD instructors because me having fun just like this。

 It's like chilling。Like， I'm good if I'm just chilling， you know， everybody's like， yeah。

 like party， party self amusement。 I'm like， I'm just good chilling， you know。

 hanging out by the bar or whatever。 So what I try to do is I try to find things that push my own buttons。

 things that make me laugh or just enjoy myself， which is gonna be different than like for every single person。

😊，If you're more introverted right， you might take you just like being a little crazy out of your comfort zone initially。

 but then you're gonna kind slide off into a zone where your self- auseement is gonna be more chilled out。

 more normal every day so that's how mine is mine is just like going to the bar if I have a cigar it's kind of cool to just that around use myself with the cigar talk in an accent。

 pretend I'm from somewhere else， like that know stuff like that that's how I self abuseuse myself how I have fun I like stand example too go out for a week I allowed to pull just talk to every girl the hot girl ugly girls the girls that are fun the girls that aren't cool。

 just make yourself laugh， find something funny every single interaction and also do not judge yourself。

 don't judge yourself no judgment fatigue and then as no mention persona fatigue。

 trying to feel like you have to are not trying to feel feeling like you have to put out a persona to people that they accept you and they hit look cool or impress them those things wear you out make you not have a good time and as Todd would say it's called the gay。

Not the work， so yeah， no work。s also torrk。 The tork is's pretty cool。 That'。

 that's the sapphire or rhino later。 It's work。 Yeah， so I mean， I think， I think how to not be like。

 how to not be drained。 And for me how how I feel not to be drained， how I give energy to myself。

 And I basically allow myself to not look at it is I basically allow myself to， to not look at it。

 like it's like it's work like it's a。😊，Like， it's something I'm doing it to not get any sort of results。

 right， So the more quantity that I can put into my night。

 the less in my head I'm going to be the the less drained I'm gonna to feel right。

 sometimes that's actually putting myself in my head thinking analytical about it to get the results。

 what I hate the most is going out。 And even nights where I I seemingly have fun。

 if I'm just going out， and I'm just kind of just existing out there， gaming a little bit。

 but not not really getting results。 then that's when I get drained， and that's when I lose energy。

 But when I take interactions， I shove so much quantity of approaches。

 so many quantity of interactions， so many quantity of good attraction， buying temperature spikes。

 then I get energy。 where you end up losing your energy is when you is the gaps in between talking to girls。

 not actually talking to a girl。 You're going find that if you keep your frequency。

 extremely high of how many sets your opening， that you end up just keeping the energy alive the whole time anyway。

 because the adrenaline of talking to the girl gives you the energy escalation in general。

 what do you So。A model I've got of escalation。 I think I mentioned before I got her from Todd This looks funny here。

 There's three ways to escalate。 I mentioned this before you can logistically escalate like moving things around。

 moving her around， going to the bar， getting a drink。 let's go here。

 let's do this let's find your friends's find my friends logistically escalate physically escalating is touching her So my things I'll always do is always sit down on the side I'll do that creep in the background。

 physically escalation， I don't mean this like the hand of the lower back like that I mean like taking your hand going sitting down beside around a bench hangy my feet are tired sit down for a having her run her fingers through your hair。

 See my shoulders are really sorry massage and give one really quickly taking her putting her arm around you and walking out。

 I do that a lot walking around like this。 I do that。

 that's physically escalating me So I'm always moving things forward not like a friendly way physically but hey there's a little bit more than just friends here then verbally escalating is like where you statements of intent which is flirting with her you and me would not get along because's like old school statements of the intent can be like look。

you accept this fuck give have the Beyonce booty， something about you， I don't know what it is。

 but kind of like it， et cetera， et cetera， et cetera。 that's verbally escalating things。

 So escalating those three ways and it will happen with the girls that like you It will go down。

I it exam escalation， your thoughts escalation。 I always find that's something deeper than that。

 You could， you can learn all the tactics。 you learn everything， but it's something deeper than that。

 I always find that with these guys， it's like。😊，They just don't feel comfortable with themselves。

 you know， they can see they got that， they got the gas on。When they try to do escalation， anything。

 and then theyve got a break on。 So it's his hesitancy。 It's like。

 they try to be and it just feels awkward。 So I always find like even like playing sports。

 we had this one guy in school。 And he was super tall。 He's like 6。5。 But he， we call him lanky。

 right， because he's like fucking uncoordinated And it's awkward to play sports with him because he's like so awkward。

 and you feel。Weird around him。 you're like， just be normal because he used to fall over and she' like that。

 nothing wrong with him。 He just he， he couldn't control his body。So。

 and I always find like with these guys， it's like they just， they feel awkward doing it。

 they feel like it's sleazy。 They feel like， you know， I shouldn't be doing this。 And as I said。

 there's that they want to do it， but they don't want to do it， but they want to do it。

 but they don't want to And then when they get like I'm gonna to do it。

 they've still got that thing in the back of their minds like I shouldn't be doing this。

 And the girl can feel that。 So I find it' their vibe。

 it's anyone's vibe that has problem with calibration or physical escalating。 it's their vibe。

 And instead of being a man and being like， yep， this is what I want to do。You know。

 in order to become man to woman， the best way is physically escalating verbally， you know。

 physically or logistically。 So I think a lot of proge's problems。

That it's they can't physically escalate。 They don't want to touch the girl。 They do。

But they're scared to。 Okay， so you've got to really get that deep and implement that out of yourself that you're scared to actually touch girls and just。

 you know。😰，Approach more， do more handshakes。 Be comfortable with girls。

 You're not comfortable with girls。 any more。 You got to be comfortable comfortable by going out more by doing different shit。

 I always say， just test things， just test as much as you possible。 Okay， for instance。

 like I I got do physicality。 I'm not very good at it。 Let's just try。 you know， normal handshake。

 Okay， what was， what was she reacting。 Was she good， Was it bad。 Okay， allright。

 let's try something else。 Let's try。 Let's try。 Let's try。 Let's try。So。

You know it's always about trying things because I found a lot of people are like。

 I don't know what to do， I've tried everything， I'm like， okay， you've done this。And this， and okay。

 you've tried three things。 That's cool。 There's a million things you can do it。

 So you've tried three out of a million， never tried everything。

 So just try as much as possible and see the reactions of girls， not becoming reactive。

 but just observing them， seeing what happens， seeing if they're uncomfortable if they're comfortable with it。

 Who knows。 So that that'd be my 2 cents on it。😊，Lookooky boy。

 yeah I think escalation is one of the most overused things in all game。 I think escalation。

 I think people are escalating purely to build attraction。 I think it's kind of silly。

 I think it's what resisted me to lot of pickup concepts for a long time as I would see these guys go out there and they would use escalation as their attraction builder。

 which is it's just fake。 It's just false。 It's not real。 when you use attraction purely to build it。

 It's really just kind of a litmus test for where you are in the interaction and then to lead it a certain way。

 The way I like do escalation is I like to basically respond to investment of the girl gives me with escalation。

 you respond to what the girl gives you with escalation。

 you're basically rewarding in any skin in the game that she's putting in with physical touch I do it kind of rapidly。

 And then what that ends up doing is it ends up causing her just keep investing over and over again。

 and then all the physical ecalation I do is tied and anchored to sort of foundation。

 It's not just it's not just random。 It's not just random touch。

 It's touch anchored to positive interaction that we have together。

So it's really cool when I add to that when I do physical like or escalating escalating。

 I should do it as a way to reward the girl。 some I'm been thinking about lately like reward her and a celebration It's a celebration between me and the girl like we're having an awesome time let's celebrate this moment with a kiss You know what I mean it's like it's like for her I'm doing the escalation for before back in the day and on boot camp I do you see a lot of guys who come to do physical escalation as a way it's like spark attraction to the like look at her I'm doing the spin handshake to get her attracted but my understanding of now as I progress is let's do the spin handshake。

As I'm giving her a present。 Im giving her a good vibe， giving her a good emotions。

 I'm doing it for her。 might be doing for me anymore。 So they can tell it when I do it they're like。

 yeah， they love it because there's no downside of her。What Francis， I guess there's two Franciss。

 But the one Francis was in Vegas immersion。 That's exciting to have you here。

 let answer this question real quick， how is Vegas game different than regular game because it keeps coming up here。

 I mean Vegas game is different than regular game that there's more girls in Vegas。 I mean。

 period right the game that I use in Vegas helps me in every other city because Vegas is it's a lot of higher energy So when you game in Vegas。

 you do have to be a little bit higher energy， But then when you go back to somewhere else。

 even if you just spend a few days in Vegas partying or if you spend time at Vegas immersion。

 if you then go back to doing whatever you're doing。

 it's like a weight vest of energy is taken off of you a little bit。

 And then you can you're a lot more calibrated after it basically， if you are going to Vegas to game。

 make sure you game when you're ready for the claw。 Yeah I recommend almost never doing that。

 unless you're actually unless you're somewhat in the like mid inet。

 then I think it's a good idea to do it。 How to say chill and not lose focus。 What do you guys think。

😊，Z you。Qig。How do you state show？Madison。Yeah， I say are you demoing being show I'm demoing show I just don't judge anybody and I don't judge myself so a lot of times we do do an approach and it'll go bad and you'll thank yourself。

Maybe you tell me if this is wrong。 if I'm wrong， you guys let me know。

 you're doing an approach and you think to yourself， wow。

 this is really shitty and this person is so mean。 and you judge them for how they reacted。

 I don't judge any girl that blowaths me off or any girl rejects me。

 I don't take it personally at all。 I'm just like okay。

 she's having a bad day something she's going on。 She's going through。

 I don't know what she's going through。 So I'm not gonna take it personal。 never。

 never never judge the girl。 And so that way， I never get a bad mood because I just realize everybody is trying to do the best they can。

 even that homeless dude that's on the street。 Well， he's doing a shitty version of it perhaps。

 but you don't know what kind of mental problems he has he's trying to do the best can。

 You don't know what having him in his life。 So was like she's trying to do best they can whatever everybody just like that way。

 nothing kind of affects me emotionally I like no extreme happiness and extreme lows throughout the night。

 I'm kind generally a good vibe all the way all the way through。

 that's like saying chill how to be chills。 be Australian。be， you practical tips。 Be。 Yeah， no。

 a couple of things。 go go back to nature。😊，Its biggest team that I got from one of the guys is like yo you got to go back to your roots。

 Go to go back to generalize， just cutting off your phone， go go to a beach。

 go to a nature forest and I was like what the fuck am I gonna do that I's not gonna do anything like you know like literally really go walk in a jungle Yeah did it for a couple of weeks and was like wow。

 you fully just relax and you can take all the stress away because I feel like a lot of the time people arent relax and chill is's just because they got a lot of stress。

 a lot of anxiety and if I asked you right now， you guys that are all on this。

 all of you When was the last time that you。Did not have your phone for a day。

 You'd put your phone away and did not have it。When was the last time？It's probably been a while。

 It's probably been a while。 I know for me， what I used to do is used to throw my phone away and be like。

 yep， no one is no one's contacting me today， gonna remove all the stresses because I have a good day by myself or a good day with a friend。

😊，So never， look， never， never when I was 1 two weeks ago， not a while， long time ago。 see。

 we' always got stimulus to us。 So that stimulus is is。

It's basically cortisol being thrown at you cortisol cortisol。

 and I know it O does a lot of spas and saunas and cold plunges to get rid of the cortisol。

And that's fine。 Like I didn't do that when I was back home。 so what I used to do was just relax。

 just go， you know， I've got a hammock in my backyard， just relaxing the hammock。

 I used to the beachs I used to like especially because I'm all it's just beach you just go to beach just have fun of beach the beach How do you overcome the fear of being judged by your social circle。

 I overcome that fear because that's the only reason I'm building the social circle in the first place is to reap the benefits of it。

 I'm putting all this time into making all these friends and building the social circle。

 the point of it is to have the point of it is to be able to take some rewards from it in order to better life in somehow。

 So the entire time I'm building the social circle。

 I'm not I'm meeting these cool guys I' mean these attractive women entire time I'm just doing it for the sake of that then there's no real benefit in it。

 However， if the whole time to basically tailoring everything I'm doing to at some point。

 I'm willing to burn the entire social circle to the ground in order to actually get the girl that I want or get some specific。

😊，I it's pretty only go in it right， but get the result out of it。

 I've almost burned several social circles to the ground by doing that。

 but I didn't really care because at the end of the day that's really the reason。

What do you guys think burning social circles to the ground or risking the？Riskkin the social like。

 you hit that， you hit the the nail on the head。 It's like， yo， if you can't be yourself。

 then what are your friends， you know， they， they like you because you're you And if they don't。

 Well， they don't like you cause you're you。 You know， what I mean， it's like。

 it's like when you get a girlfriend and something like that。 if you're not yourself all the time。

 then she only likes the the illusion of you， You know， or this facade you're putting out。

 So you're exactly right， you just got to be yourself And if they don't like it。They don't like it。

 You know what I mean， going on to the next people that will like it。 like you for being you。

Do you have any advice on the question matter I think you guys answered okay， the next question。

 how do you stop being needy？And Sam Benji wants to you to know that you hit his nail on his head。

awkward， so how do you stop being needy， Madison， what do you think？

I hear lots of nails in the heads。You， I to be so fucking and meaty。 Yeah， you could be。

 you could stop being needy by building actual abundance in your life。

 The abundance isn't a fancy word that was invented by RC to sell you more products。

 It's a real thing。 This is how you build abundance。 Just three ways to it。 approachach girls。😊。

Build your happy ecosystem and screen girls that's how you stop being any。

 you got to always approach to have that those sales going in your funnel like that trickle of leads for girls going in the funnel that narrows down。

Building your life is doing things that actually make you happy。

 if you don't know what makes you happy， then you can't be happy。

 Like figure out what makes you happy。 like sit down and ask yourself what do I really want to accomplish in this year。

 What makes me happy。 What do I accomplish in five years and going out and doing those things in your life meeting going through those places visiting those locations having those events doing those activities。

 whatever is that makes you happy like do those things you have to do those things So that way if a girl flakes on you like have some other cool shit I'm actually doing So I'm not trying to not be eating。

 I'm just have a cool shit that I'm doing that makes me happy So you have those good from somewhere beside from the girl And then the last thing is just screaming once you have good emotions。

 you good things going on your life you can eventually say hey this girl is being ridiculous。

 I don't want in my life hey girl sorry your shith your ass to occur。

 whatever it is and then you can choose the girls you want to hang out with So therefore you're choosing the girls you want hang out with because you have an abundance of girls because you're load of approaches and。

Ma yourself happy and the combination of making yourself happy。In that whole mix。

 keeps it all together。That's how you don't be needy， son， Sam， I probably be like it it's again。

 a deeper concept。 It's within you to like what deeper in you。 It's what the fuck why are you need。

 Come on tell me why the fuck you need， why whatever's going on inside you， What is it。

 I it because you don't want to be alone for the rest of your life。

 I it because your dad and mom split up when you are young and you don't want that thing and you just want to find a girl and or is it。

 is it more deeper than that， Is it more like you don't want to be a failure in life， You know。

 you got to like hit home hard on those truths and be like。What is it， you know。

 because a lot of people， I can tell you a lot of people。

 it's because they don't want to be alone for the rest of their life。

 So they they want this one girl。 I just want it。 I just want this one fucking girl。

 And when they want that， it's like， well。You know， anything they do that， you know。

 she might give you a bit of negative response and you fire up and anything going on your head like I don't want to be alone。

 I don't want to alone。 F， It's not working。 F fuck fuck， you know， you need to fix that。

 And you know， the way you can fix it is by saying one question， it's like。

It's it's basically like what's so bad about that。 you know， tell me what is so bad about that。

 you know， being alone， what's so bad about that。 you know， it's a lot of good things。

 Ands so reframing your mind to be like， even if that happens what's so bad about that because even by you saying oh。

 I'm gonna end up alone I'm gonna end up alone one of the things in law of attraction is like what if you think about what you concentrate and you're gonna become aware of and you' gonna actually draw that into your reality。

 So if you constantly like， oh， I'm gonna end up alone shits。

 don't worry I'm gonna be a failure and you seen these people。

 these people's lives aren't what you guys want to emulate。 you know what I mean。

 so you can ever see that it's like I remember one time I was I was。

 I just got a new car and they had run flat tires。And run flat tires don't go down。 and I was like。

 oh， I want to check this tire， I want to check it out。You know， I don't want to get a flat tire。

 but it'd be cool。 And one of what would happen。 You know， two hours later， I was driving。

 I got a nail in in the fucking tire and it got a flat。

 And I got to see what the run flat fucking tire that was two hours I created that you know by you saying something like that。

 I might not be fucking two hours。 But the more and more you're telling yourself I'm gonna be a failure I'm gonna be I hate life。

 I'm going be alone， the more and more that outcomes probably going to happen rather than not happen。

 So you know your responses。 know， I'm being needy。 You got to find the cause of why you are needy。

 got to find it， as I said， what's the actual cause of it and and start to reframe yourself with like I'm needy because I don't want to be alone。

 what's so bad about that， you know that doesn't happen。 Look at all the people。

 And you start looking at couples are together and old couples And you're like， you know。

 these people have found people。 I can do that too and start to be start saying what you want rather than not what you don't want so not saying I'm going end up alone saying。

 it doesn't matter。It is not happening right now。 I will find someone in the future saying what you want。

 I will find someone I want。 I will。 It's expressing what you want rather than not what you don't want Okay so express what you want theres course about solo game versus going out with friends I much prefer solo game my goal is to make friends at the venues while I'm there and then have those friends be club friends。

 have those friends know basically in venue friends if you're going out to two clubs with girls all of the time the problem with going out with friends all the time is that you're gonna just rely on them in between sets right you saw that too right。

That was pretty funny。The thing about going out with friends or going with wings is you just end up a relying on them they' unless they're really。

 really solid and solid in terms of like them going and finding their own girls throughout the night。

 if you finallyre just going back to your friends or back to the group of people you went to the club with。

 then you're just wasting your time Solo games is kind of really the only way to improve aggressively。

We just think。Y， what's the one thing you don't want to fucking do， go out solar。

That means go out solo， learn how to do that。 Everyone fucking hates it。 Yeah， we ask people。

 It's like who who goes out solo。 and like a point of a percent do one person。 it's like。

 why don't you guys like， oh， it's scary。 I don't want to do。 There's no friends。 Well。

 if it scares you， There's something you should be doing whatever that's my thing。

 whatever scares you。 I should be doing that because it scares me。

 I don't like to have fears in life。Buy temperature。 How do you spike buying temperature。

 How do you increase this buying temperature？ Alright。

 So you guys who don't know buying temperature is just like how down to DtF is the girl。

 How down is she， how receptive is she。 How do you increase it right？

 So there's some default techniques you can do。 And then I'll explain the kind of the overarching like concept whatever。

 So the basic level techniques you can do or spiking。

 which is like you can use a teasing compliment Sp， Its like， hey， you know， I like this。

 I like you use so far， Itre kind of cute。for a girl， you know， you're pretty smart for a Stephanie。

 like this like little teasing compliments， right， You can use those spike buying temperature。

 You can also do physical stuff to spike buying temperature。 just like teasing your poking your。

 putting your head in padding on the head， putting her headlocks， scuffing up a little bit right。

 brushing her away a little bit those spike buying temperature。

 but also compliments spike buying temperature as well。 Any kind of。😊，Just moving things forward。

 like I said that those ways before physically verbally eing those four ways of escalating a set those can spike buying temperature now what happens is you get these guys who are beginners are intermediates and they just like spike Sp that's the thing game And girls was like whoa。

 who are you pick weird you watch the TV show peace you don't want to be that guy。

 that's pretty good to an extent that's pretty good to an extent。

 But then saying sounded like you were talking about a girl dude dude like you're really cute for a girl。

 sounds you're cute for a girl you're exactly how to that was pretty easy you my father。

Are you my fatherest father， Listen， if I minute on camera， I gotta pay child support。

 You all know that we don't pretty no child support。 All right。

 you notice temperature or anything else about temperature。

 that you derail gonna go the So the last thing I'll say is the overall principle is like notice how the girls feeling。

 if she's goes from like excited like like just like going over over the top。

 recognize what facial expression is notice from general 5。

 be receptive to people don just like game game is not something you do to people。

 something you share with people。 All right understand it not something you do to people。

 something you share with。 So if you're just doing the spik your buying temperature and she's stop doing share it with her。

 notice how she's feeling she's receptive to what she still wants more。

 or she's like a little freaked out and tone it down have normal chill conversation。

 buying temperature spikes or any kind of emotional spike is like it's like recipe。

 It's like the spice on the recipe。😊，Our food， the spice on the food It's not the whole fucking。

 It's not the whole steak and eggs。 Just the spice。 It the a one sauce。 the a1 sauce， a1 sauce， baby。

 I never knew what A one sauce was。 It's like barbecue sauce here in North America。 I love it。 Yeah。

 it's great。呃。Buying temperature。Basically， I find that。For me， when you're fun with the girls。

 when they're laughing， laughing is the greatest for me for my game。 when I get the girls laughing。

 they're buying temperature skyrockets because， I'm5 foot3， I got be a fucking comedian。

 Otherwise they can't even see me。 So when I'm that。

 that's that's one of the ways that can get their attention。

 And one of the ways that can get them the focus on。

 One of the ways that when they really engage with me they find out they the positive emotions。

 And know buying temperature me is all about the positive emotions that they're feeling because they they'll go with you。

 then they'll go to the cab with you。 they'll go to your place。 they'll So that's what I。 boy。

 you're you're a master'。 Yeah， I mean anything that you do to break orport sparks attraction。

 which then increase the buying temperature。 You can actually be somebody who just gets laid off of buying temperature alone。

 And then it's called flash game。 flash game is basically when you just use the break and poor stacking。

 which means you tease Give a second to breathe teas again teas again。

 you don't really elicit very much qualification investment。 You just basically。😊。

increase so much buying temperature that the girl has so much fun around you。

 you're acting so obnoxious and crazy in a borderline even uncalibrated way that she ends up having so much fun with you that you end up getting laid just off of the buying temperature I like to do that to get myself because it not really to get myself in state but to keep myself in state throughout the night I'll do huge buying temperature states or huge buying temperature sets because they will keep kind of me going throughout the entire night basically。

Cool， so I guess we're gonna wrap it up。 We want to thank everybody that joined us。 Thank you guys。

 we appreciate it very much for coming to be here this today。

 We're gonna launching into some Miami World Smit。 if you guys haven't been to Miami World Summit reckon we can check that out if you're a boot camp alumni you can come to Miami World Smit for free usually$1000 to come for free it's a week long event you can also come to the Vegas summit which is really dope which is a week long event some of my best experiences in life that I've had during the process of learning game and been at summit with guys that I've formed really really close relationships with like friendly comrades brothers and arms and then I've also we've been to be friends where I've able to travel the world and hang out with that's really cool So thank you for joining the bonus for hot seat at home this is Madison Luke and Sam if you haven't yet joined Madison's YouTube R Madisonm on YouTube R Luke on YouTube R Sam even on Schat R he's heavy with the Snapchat。

only R instructor。That's 247 on Snchat， thank you lookss on Snapchat。So you I have nice eyes。

' that's sweet all right， guys， cheer sweet and see you around。🎼，🎼。

