# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：09第九周 任务7：09. Week 9 - Mission 7【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Welcome to Miss 6， and we're just kicking it in my backyard right now。

 getting very excited to take your success with women to another level and today。

 I'm going throw a curveball at you because your mission this week is gonna be about building persistence as far as approaching girls attracting them and when you have them attracted。

 sticking with them so that they can see that you're the type of guy who is genuinely a leader genuinely interested in them and knows how to be persistent with them in a way where they feel completely comfortable where you have massive empathy to what she's experiencing so that she's never uncomfortable and who knows how to lead her from attraction all the way to hooking up with you and getting to meet an incredible guy who gives her an incredible experience。

 Now， this is very， very key because if you look at what we've been teaching you up until now。

 we have taught you how to speak with leadership how to speak with。Motion。

 how to give stories about things that happened， because that just happened。

 how to ask questions what happened here， how to free associate about tanks， ducks， airplanes， boats。

Koala bears。How to be polite and speak in a way where you're not relying on any type of game or any crutch。

 just speaking。 And at this point， if you haven't figured it out。

 you know how to talk indefinitely to a woman， you have massive confidence with any woman who you could ever walk up to becausey you know how to walk up to it engage in a way that she's absolutely gonna love but now what it comes down to is what the heck are you gonna do with the attraction that you're getting And this week we gonna to focus on that which is the idea of persistence。

 Now this is huge on boot camp because all see students who have a girl more than sufficiently attracted to the point that in my case。

 if I saw a girl that attracted。 I would be on there like a pit bull with a stake like like not let him go and the stake of course。

 said I go， which case I would absolutely go if the stake will uncomfortable。

 I would absolutely get out of there out of absolute respect for what women experience。

 but assuming that that girls not doing that and she's enjoying herself。 Goddn。

 I would be staying in there and get the job done for me。

answersw that that woman could have a wonderful Whitwin experience with you Now。

 here's the key as far as persistence。 What does persistence demonstrate to a woman？ First of all。

 the reason that you have to be persistent with women is because you don't want to treat her with disrespect or to treat her as quote unquote a slut。

 I think that women should absolutely be respected。

 women should never be judged or treat as sluty and what women deal with in their daytoday lives is a bunch of guys constantly judging them as being promiscuous as being a slut because men are trying to lower women's social value by basically judging them for enjoying meeting a guy Now。

 let me give a little bit of background on this I first started to realize this when I was maybe 23 and I sitting there in Mel's diner back when I used to live at Project Hollywood Old school pickup communities is what a lot of themes are in this Ha the home and I'm sitting there and I see this guy talking to a girl。

She's laughing and she's smiling， she's loving every minute of it。 He says can I grab your number。

 She's like， okay， smiling just trading numbers， right， He grabs your number he leaves。

 The first thing that girl does。 I remember seeing it is she looks around like this and then she just goes and then keeps seat now。

I've seen as clearest day that this girl loved every minute talking that guy and I think to myself。

 why would that girl be making that motion of puking after the guy left。

 she's doing that to signal to surrounding males， don't judge me for being promiscuous ors frankly distracting females and I have very high standards of men so you should feel very validated if you get me do you follow that part？

What do girls deal with the men， Many girls， you can go ask this。

 This is actually an interesting topic conversation You could say。

 have you ever had a situation where you had a boyfriend who's kind of insecure and maybe you told him about a hookup that you did or maybe how many guys you've been with and he came down on you called you a slut called you a whore。

 made you feel bad about it。And isn't that kind of funny how you probably turn down like 50 or 100 men a day and yet you're being called a slut for sleeping with like six guys when you're maybe like 21 or something like that？

Ever had that experience， you know， don't give the number because they might have slept with the more。

 but you see the idea here right， and women are always dealing with this。 So for that reason。

Men very much we have to be at the cause and women typically are at the effect okay and so we have to find ways to lead that girl from open and attraction all the way to winding up in bed with her in a way where she doesn't have to like do all these things to make it happen because she will feel oftentimes and I can't speak for all women but many women will report that they feel very judged for the fact that they're proactively trying to get a guy。

 makes them feel desperate， it makes them feel skinnkky and makes them feel judged and so us as men。

 our job is to help girls have incredible experiences by actually being persistent seeing what women are experiencing always taking the time to feel out and empathize what women are going through and calibrating to it Now。

 what are some signs that you can look at to see if the women is appreciating your persistence or if that persistence is actually awkward and making her feel uncomfortable because it's important to understand this。

Frankly， because when you know that she's actually appreciating it， you feel good about it。

 when you feel good about it， you'll be wittier and fudier and more confident and you'll want to be persistent right So you want to know how she's feeling about it。

 What you look for my experience， first of all is in the pupils。 When you look at her。

 does she make a really prolonged eye contact with you back。

 Does she have what I like to call the anime eyes， almost like from Japanese animations when the eyes are big and there's kind of a light in her eyes you know。

 some guys get confused're like how many millimeters is the anime eye， What am I looking for。

 Look dude。Get some fucking emotional acuity here through your approaches and learn what attraction looks like in a woman's eyes。

 you've been approaching to this point for over a month and a half ining the tons of people。

 you know this by now this is why we join the tribe and we do this together because we're doing this together and laying it out So this point I know that you're feeling this okay look for those anime eyes even do things like hold her hand for a sec and squeeze does she squeeze back let go for a minute。

 does she kind of hold her hands there or does she immediately kind pull back if you kind tapper does she tap back if you move a little bit。

 does she want to come with you a little bit or does she kind just take the first opportunity and bounce now the most obvious indicator is also in my opinion。

 passive indicators of interest where literally like if you just stop everything on some level。

 you'll see her kind of contemplating how to keep it going or pushing a conversation like funny enough in a pickup if you actually stop talking and the girls's like so what do you do her very typically very unrefined version of girl game because she has now。

😡，pressure， when you see that， that's even epic， but don't count on that。 Okay， now。

 when you're seeing these different things。Okay and again， don't count on any specific one。

 but just be aware of them as a whole。 now what you can do is you can be very， very persistent。

 So what we're gonna be looking for here this week is when you try this mission of persistence。

 we're gonna be looking for guys who are saying you know what those same interactions that I was talking a lot and getting a lot of and getting a lot of interactivity going a lot of indicators of interest now all of a sudden I'm sticking in there why is it though that most guys struggle with this area massively in my opinion。

 here's what it is I think that it happens that a girl validates you okay she makes you feel validated and you get these different indicators of interest from her and then what happens is you feel so good that you kind of don't want to stay in there because you're afraid that you'll creep her out a little bit and if you walk away right now。

 you'll feel so good that。Who cares， right， You're just walking away feeling fucking great。

But if you stay in there a little too long。 she starts to get uncomfortable。

 you walk away feeling like a creep。 And then sometimes you carry that creepy energy into the next interaction。

 So very key in the skill set of being persistent is if you stay in there a little too long and you had an interaction that went well and then it went bad。

 You dust yourself off。 You stay vulnerable。 you stay open， you stay fresh。

 You're happy for the fact that at least you pushed the envelope a little bit with your own personal limits。

 Okay， you actually pushed yourself a little bit past your comfort zone。

 Be proud of yourself for that。 say that approach is 10 out of10 who the fuck would out of the balls to do that。

 that was amazing because I tried because I did it because I took action because most guys would never consider the shit。

 Okay and you did， so be proud of yourself Du it off， we all have to go through it。

 take it as a learning experience as a reference experience as an additional kind of。

hing that you've been through to add to your inner calibration。

 inner sense of things and quickly move on to the next one with a smile on your face feeling amazing。

 Okay， so don't get beaten down if you could have had maybe a because probably what you experienced like。

 you had a solid number。😊，And she probably would have called you back。

 but you stayed in a little too long。 And now you creeped her out a little bit， right。

 But as long as you don't creep out to the point that it's like super creepy or anything like that。

 she's just like asked a guy that stayed here a little too long。 not know pass a line of uncoolness。

 but you just stayed a little too long。 maybe she's not asking to call you back the next day if you call her return a text。

 But at least you tried。 And as long as you kind of， push it only to that point， just be happy。

 move on to the next one and keep learning now。I want to really emphasize the pride that you should have in yourself in this because most guys will never cross that line。

 They won't push themselves past that line。 All right。

 so your mission this week is to master persistence and to take all this attraction that we've been learning how to build over the past weeks and parlay that into much longer interactions。

 So here's a few things that I want you to try。 First of all， in some of your interactions。

 When you feel that it's scaling out。 I want you to create a vacuum。 Okay， that's the first part。

 A vacuum。 So literally just sit there expectantly and look at her。 And rather than saying oh， well。

 nice meeting you， let me get your number。 Just sit there and go。And then she goes， what， go？

Like that， right It's like boom， right， and don't even break the tension laughing all you can if you want if。

 if it's， if it's in a cool way。 But leave that vacuum there。

 That's a really nice one because what it can do is it can shift her from always being at the effect to her realizing that she has a contributed。

 So it can shift her from receptivity to being contributed， right， from receptive to contributed。

 which is nice。 Try the vacuum。😊，Another one is I want you to try introducing her to your friends in the environment and what that means that you can actually start introducing her to different people who you're with or to other people that are around and start linking them together and that will also buy you a lot more time they call that building a hub sometimes I want you to try that okay introduce her to a bunch of people Another one is I want you to come about crazy game plans about places that you're gonna to lead to So like you know what we're gonna go drink this we're gonna go explore that。

We're gonna go try this and continually seed reasons that at some point she could either go back to your house or somewhere in isolation with you but stick in there。

 Now lastly， and this is the major part of the mission。

 I want you to absolutely focus on finding ways to stay in like you had a gun to your fucking head okay if you had a gun of your head and you had to stay in there and you had to find some way to stay in there with that girl what would you do completely block out losing validation this week okay I want you to have sets interactions as they say sets as they say interactions I want you're good to have these interactions that would have been incredible I want to hear stories where the girl is so attracted to you and you say in a little too long and she was like and you erected but what you get you got internal calibration and what's so crazy about this is that when some of them do blow out and you're like oh God this sucks you stop carrying so much you kind of bottom out。

 you hit rock bottom， stop car so much and paradoxly a lot of these girls wind up staying longer with you anyway okay so I want you to focus on that this week stick in there。

Shift your mentality with a gunture egg mentality that you're going to stay in。

You're going to create vacuums to get her contributive or you're going to continually lead her。

 show to different friends and see different reasons to go with her。

 no phone numbers this week okay no numbers under any circumstances until you've got her at least back into isolation somewhere in a different venue okay at least you got her over to a Starbucks what's your house or her house to a strange private environment in public。

 wherever it is， the gun is to your head this will happen。

 it will happen in a way that's win win in a way that takes complete awareness of how she's feeling about it。

 not in a way that's fucking you shouldn't be doing but in a cool way， you're gonna do this。

 you're gonna make it happen， you're gonna master persistence this week at your mission starts。No。

あほら。