# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：12第十二周 任务10：12. Week 12 - Mission 10【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

It's Owen， we're back with a mission that is going to pull everything together for you and something that really finalizes your journey on this series of missions for the Hose at home。

And what is that？It is getting your shit together on every level so that whenever you have traction。

 you have the highest chance possible to convert that into bringing the girl home。 Now。

 what do I mean by that We're going to break this down from。😡。

Within the day or night of meeting the girl itself， where you'll take her within the day。

How you will get her home。And how you will get a day two via social media okay。

 and this means literally getting your shit together on every level， so let's get started all right。

 first up， it's your day out， it's your night out you walk up to the girl and you get traction where are you going to take her。

First of all， maybe you're going to take her to meet up with some other friends。

 maybe have some cool friends that you can take her to in my case。

 I have some cool restaurants where I know the staff and they're going to treat me like a fucking king。

I also have a places that I'll take girls to like cryo where they freeze you in liquid nitrogen funny you have to lower you know your inflammation so you can actually Google cryo。

 you can actually get a girl's clothes off by doing that。

 there was a point where I took so many different girls to cryo that the staff in there would start giggling andtriguking going he got another one he got another one whenever I bring a girl and it probably look like I was meeting off Tider but literally I would just go out in the daytime to at tonic bar me girlss there and say hey you know there's this place where you can get frozen liquid nitrogen。

 you want to go and they'd say yes， and I bring them to cryo Then I had this other restaurant for salads that I bring the girl to with these cool little shots and I'd bring her there and those people would treat me so well from there I have a way to move her home I would ask you something what do you have to bring the girls to in the daytime do you have cool friends that you can go introduce her to maybe you got a friends's house you bring her to maybe you have restaurants where you're wellknow。

 maybe have some cool places that you genuinely love going to that are low commitmentment from the girl。

Easy to walk away from so she feels like she could leave it anytime that's really key at any point she can leave and that are just so smooth for you to bring her to that it's just like going down a warm grease slide all the way back to your bedroom and from there this is critical。

What do you have back in your house to bring her to I would challenge you to get something like a ball pit where the girl can just jump in a ball pit like literally plastic balls。

 a hookah。 I personally don't like to smell hookah。

 but girls love stuff like that alcohol because maybe the girl wants to have a few drinks back at the house or you know anything from a pool table to a pool itself to a music collection to videos to a light show to really I mean really just imagine you said to a girl experiment let's go back let's go back to a fun land with ball pits。

 hookahs booze and a trampoline。 What girl would say no to that it's preposterous and sounds anything that's her be like a silly little girl where she doesn't have to take responsibility is fantastic and what it does is it takes sex out of the equation and it allows her to go back to this fun magical land My buddy Jeff you're in San Francisco he says we're gonna play basketball and he just has Nf hoops in his room So I'd like you to really think about where you're bringing to the girl within the game itself but also where you're bringing your。

To get her back your house now last off， and this is key man。

 it's your social media the girl that needs to see specific things in your social media to show that you're not going to cut her head off。

Put it on a pike on your front long for all to see。But that you're a cool guy with。

 what do you need friends， happy experiences， other women around you？

Something that shows maybe some sign of status， something that shows a sign of trust。

 so I'd ask you to add those five things into your social media。

 and in addition that you might even want to actually kind of artificially pump up your friends or people following you just by getting people that are out to check out what you're doing when a girl sees this automatically she knows that you can be trusted that you're fun that you have status and everything that she needs to see。

In addition to that， you might even try things like Snapchat。

Snapchat is a tool where in social media ass will change， you know watches it in the future。

Snapchat is a tool。Where you can actually gain all the different girls in your phone because you do fun cool things just like you do in real life but over your phone and they can watch it from their home now from there。

 what it asks you to do is make sure they have condoms make sure that you have the right clothing for where you're going okay get ready to go out and to pull。

Get into a lifestyle that could get you to meet women So for example。

 where a places that you could go in the day that you're just more likely to meet women。

 places that you enjoy where you're just likely to meet them where are some places that you can go at night that are close to your house now look if your house is far away from place you can go at night eventually try to move somewhere like that or even to a city that has that but if you don't have it right now where are you parking your car where are the logistics going count now？

Really， this is the point that I want to make to you， Okay。

 and this is really key to understand many guys that have the most success。

 they don't get the most attraction。They just open the most and they have the best logistics and they're persistent。

 so what you're going to do with this mission is this is the ultimate week that you're going to get your shit together because I'm going to ask you this。

Have you by any chance of me getting traction from a lot of these girls？And not converted on it。Well。

 the reason why is because the secret to success with women is opening a lot。And closing lots。

You got to open and generate opportunities， but you've also got to have great logistics to grease the wheel all the way home from there I want you to focus on what's called seating the pole seating the pole means saying。

What are your plans after？Who do you live with？Where are you going。

 what's going on at establishing the dynamics， what city does she live in。

 what would be involved in you getting her into isolation？This is this week's challenge。

It is getting your shit together and really the challenge itself as a thought experiment。

 I could ask you to say， what if you had to get laid as much as you could？

But without ever getting any attraction at all， that's your thought experiment this week。

 what if you had your shit together so much， you had your social media together so much your logistics together so much and the grief slide。

 which with you take the girl home together so much that even if you didn't have attraction girls just wind up back in your bedroom and they'd have sex you out of boredom I challenge you to get about half the girls so you hook up with to hook up with you what they're not even into you but just out of boredom that's something you can be proud about look in marketing they say that if you don't have a healthy refund rate your marketing is not good enough or a certain level I'm proud when a guy shows up at one of my programs and you're like what are you doing here is like I don't even know I just click buttons and I got here because that means the marketings good if you never had any refund ever。

 that means that your marketing sex and only people desperately that need it are gonna be there I want you to have girls that are showing up back at your crib because it was just such a smooth and natural thing。

That is this week's mission， absolutely getting your shit together in every way possible so that this week。

And forever onwards， everything that we worked on together in these missions wind up converting at the highest level possible。

Don't be a guy with perfect game， be a guy with perfect logistics。

 a perfect game plan and who has a shit together in every way possible what this is going to result in is a massive increase in your options。

Your dating life， your success and happiness。I hope that you've enjoyed these missions there's more to come in this Ha at home。

 but now you have a great game plan and you know what to do Thank you for being a part of this with me。

 sharing this with our tribe there's much more to come and I'll see you soon your mission of using everything that we learn to gain attraction and finally getting your shit together and converting those to the highest level starts。

Now。Like am I going out and getting all this attraction and then I don't even have a place to pull them to。

 Am I going out and getting all this attraction， and I don't even know。

 you know what's going to happen with the different group dynamics that are occurring in the different environments。

😡，You see I saying here， right， it's like， like you got to actually。

No what the fuck you're doing right Like you got to be saying to yourself。

 what clothing am I wearing that attracts the certain type of niche women that I want to track。

 You're gonna still get girls outside that niche because game is game But you know where am I going to the clubs where the girls that I want are What areas of the clubs are they on the move Are they at tables What are the table dynamics。

 What are the movement dynamics What kind of groups are they with what friends do I have that I can introduce them to am I solo if I'm solo could I make friends there and introduce some to different friends there you gotta think what am I doing and then you got to act on that Okay and and like if you're going for a certain type of girl。

 how do you become like that dude on all levels， just quit a lot of thought into it as opposed to just going out and just like hitting it up and just like still go keep doing that。

 Don't like quit game for six months like well I think it through like while I think all this through。

 keep gaming but just think through the larger the larger macro level to it of like like what do you have back at your house or you what you could bring the girls to What do you have waiting at the house。

😡，Yeah。🎼Yeah。My like。🎼They age easier like， let's go work out by hire。Okay。

 so you have weights at your house， that's kind of cool。It's like。🎼There's no no， and that happens。

 look， there's many times where you just make out of the girl and you're just like come on this go and they say。

 okay， but a lot of the time the highest quality girls aren't just likeall's go fuck a lot of them you're like。

 likey I have this back of the house have that back of the house have this this little party and they're like okay。

 I'll come for that And then later maybe out of sex you might even need to go out with them a couple times Oh God forbid right You to go out there three times So it's basically like you gotta be thinking what what do you have at home。

 Where are you going， What clubs are you going to everything like you know what's my persona。

 who am I trying to meet， which girls am I trying to meet all those different specifics and really everything that I'm saying here in case you guys haven't free this out applies to life in general。

 Don't just sit there。Right you' got to show them。You know， it's it's called engagement to me。

 it's a spiritual concept。 actually， like my decision to be proactive and think things true means it's a confirmation that I am alive。

 I've always been very turned off by the spiritual idea of sitting in a cave and meditating It's like it's like a renunciation of life itself。

 you are here to learn lessons， you're here to be alive and to be engaged So you can say to yourself。

 oh， like it's just meeting women， Well， if you're here in life and you need to learn to meet women。

 then do it。You see that that's actually saying God put me here to learn these fucking lessons。

 so I'm gonna do it， I'm not just gonna sit there and just wish it's gonna happen I'm gonna do it。

 You know， if I'm going to run a business， I'm gonna fucking do it， I'm going figure it out who am I。

 what what is my business， Who am my class， What am I trying to do How can I show them what they need to see in order to be attracted to come to my program All that kind of stuff So you want to be thinking of it to the effect of。

😡，You know， what do I need to do？To get on the same page as them so sex couldnt occur。

 Does that make sense？Okay again， like I said， everything from persona swag knowing what kind of girls you want and by the way。

 you don't need to get stuck on it right it's not like if you didn't wear your swag。

 you can't approach that day or you know if you're at a club without your type of girl you can't approach that's stupid you can be adaptable but I'm just saying that like in general when you're going out like I know when I go to certain cities what kind of bars I want to go to。

I can go to all them， but I know what I'm doing， I know where I'm bringing them。

Like all that kind of stuff， and the more that you know。Really。

 it feeds off of itself because by taking the time to think about it on your own。

 that makes you into a thinker and the more of a thinker that you are。

 the more stuff that you figure out， and then it goes into upward spiral。

 you start getting more complex problems and taking as you start moving through more complex problems。

 your confidence builds， your decision making muscle increases and then confidence just shoots up and up。

So that's what you want to keep doing so for me， like even with game or in business or in any other area that I'm trying to figure out even public speaking。

 whatever other areas I focus on， I want to knock down these challenges， figure them out。

 and then I want to get more complex challenges and more complex challenges and that keeps you alert as you get older and older。

Okay， so really just what we tried to focus on tonight again was trusting in yourself to figure out solutions。

 you go， you open， you give yourself props just for the fact that you did open。Because Lisa did it。

 and then you ask yourself， what would I have done different。

 and then you just keep doing that until you find solutions to every little area。

You keep doing that in your whole life。That makes sense。Okay， all right。

