# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：16第十六周 全实战-新：Hot Seat Full Infield - New【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，Ay it up， It's on for real social dynamics and welcome to a major infield video release for the Hase de home program and what I'm gonna to do before we crack into this is give you a quick introduction to how to think about this video how to learn from it。

 even little details of why I put into it what I put into it and things that I want you to think about going forward so first of all。

 I need you to understand that a video like this is not really meant to be seen by the average person with the average person's type of priorities。

 their types of beliefs， just their kind of way about going through life and the reason why is because。

Anytime that you show somebody something that。Really proves to them beyond a shadow of a doubt that their victim excuses and their reasons for why they're not succeeding are wrong and why frankly their shitty life is their choice。

It can fry their brain。 It can actually fuck you up in a profound way。

 because at least when you're saying it's not my fault。 And， you know， I could， you know。

 there's nothing I could have done about this。 And someone else's fault， you can soothe yourself。

 It's a very soothing to feel that way。 But when you're gonna be shown beyond a shadow of a doubt that you can just go crush it。

😡，And that it's really just your decision whether or not you want to take action on that that can be a little bit much for people to handle。

 So Hose videos are videos that are very intense by nature and really just show an absolute romp of how success is actually done。

 So what you'll see here is a video of me in San Francisco and San Francisco's a city where you know pros and cons for pickup the girls rarely ever dull there。

 It's a very feminist city you know they tend to be kind of smart they can be kind of like hipsters or whatever but it's a great place to shoot a video because you can shoot outside in the streets a lot。

 and I find the videos that are shot in the streets。

 you can really hear what's being said and you can see the video in full color。

 So it's a really great way to do it so you're gonna see here a video of a night out that shot in the street and what you're gonna to see here is me ks Bo camp and you're gonna to see me poll or at least extract multiple girls throughout the night I'm going continue to just sort of you know pull the girls out and then run back to。

Bot camp because these people are paying me a lot of money in order to do a live coaching with me so I can't just run away with the girl。

 but what you'll see is that I know take the girl off kind of you know'm in a good position with her in isolation I've taken her away from the club or the area and then I run back to boot camp。

 Then what you're gonna see is actually all three students pulling one of them we show exactly how he pulls and then the other two were're pulling while I was getting him to pull so you don't really see them but you'll kind of they're gone and really this video is showing know not everything that happens at because of course the students are continually being coach all night but it's a great night know you've got everybody leaving with a girl you've got me pulling throughout the night So it's pretty fast。

're all over the city。 I mean my feet were you know sore just like running through the streets like this it was kind of crazy but know we did it So get ready to learn from that Now the way that I designed this。

 there's a couple different things that I put into this video for you。Okay。

 so try to follow me here this sort of like a detailed concept。With the videos that I put online。

To me， I the ones that I put on say social media， to me， that's infotainment。

 It's meant to be something that's profoundly transformative and entertaining。 Okay。

 so if you've ever seen a free video for me， I hope that you're really entertained。

 I hope it's really eye opening。 and I truly put everything that I have into those。

 But with a video in some kind of premium content。To me。

 that's for this very tiny segment of people that really want to change the majority of people that like to watch a transformational video。

 they like the idea of transformation。 like， you know， increased my sense of consciousness。

 And you know， it showed me how it showed me the secret behind the matrix。 Okay。

 that's the most people。 so for example， like when I walked down the street。

 people come up to me throughout the day and thank me， And I say。

 what did you learn they say you know， you taught me what's behind the matrix， I'm like， oh cool。

 there's girls over there， Let's go talk to them and they're like， they don't want to do it。You know。

 which is cool。 I I'm appreciative that they wash my stuff， super appreciative。 But for most people。

 what they're looking for is comfort， not necessarily results。 If you're watching this video。

 you're somebody who's looking for results。 Okay， you want to massively change your life。

 And for that reason。😊，For me as a teacher， I only like to truly teach on this level for people who are serious about transformation。

 Like if I even go to business networking events or， you know。

 if I'm out on the street and people ask about what I do， I typically won't even answer。

 I don't carry business cards on me。 I don't want to network with most people。

 I don't want to even get into the real deal with most people because they don't want to know。

 They're sitting there looking to criticize or judge or find excuses why they don't need to learn。

 know if I've been on an airplane and someone ask like what I do。

 typically they'll sit there befuddled for like the rest of the flight， like why you even to do that。

 can't love conquer all， I don't understand， know like these are kinds of reactions that I get。

 So I love to give comfort to large numbers of people on social media。

 But when somebody actually comes to me and does a premium program to me。

 that's a kind of barrier of entry that means that they're serious。 So if you're watching this video。

 you're serious Now I've never put out a hot seat video before。In a video format。

 it's always been live。 And the reason why is because in my mind， I want to feel out the audience。

 I want to see。Who are you， Who are these different people What are they here for and what I wait for as a teacher I've been teaching for over a decade and a half at the point of this video and I'm hope to be teaching many more decades。

 What I'm looking for is I get an intuition。 I get a feeling and that feeling says to me this is what this person needs。

 It's typically what the person doesn't want to hear It's typically pushing the person out of their comfort zone and it's an intuition that you get as a teacher with this video what we did was we created a tribe。

 we did a little bit differently。 I'd never done on video before。 A lot of people asked me。

 could we see this kind of content in a video format。

 and I didn't want to do it because I can't feel what the audience wants In this case。

 we created a tribe You know we have our Facebook group。😡。

We have our text message thread that we do together and every day I'm reading this and I'm feeling what the audience needs。

 what you're about to watch was me feeling what you as the audience needed through our group and a presentation that I custom created for the types of problems that I see and what I'm teaching。

 I want you to understand that I'm hitting you on multiple levels。

 There's a level that you'd see on the surface。 maybe when you watch this video the first time。

 watch this video in a year， you'll get something entirely different out of it。 Watch it in 10 years。

 you'll get something entirely different out of it。

 What I'm doing is I'm really trying to not I'm gonna say hypnotize you。

 but not like hypnot like a classic hypnosis， but。😡，I'm trying to pull you into an energy。

 So what I'm doing is I'm showing infield footage with a certain energy and we custom created this infield footage for the challenges that I saw in our tribe。

 and then I'm presenting in a sort of tone and mental frequency that's really meant to cut through the bullshit of what you're thinking like a knife through warm butter and really provoke change。

 So what you're meant to feel the end of this video is what I need you to feel。

 and its not like in this video， it's not necessarily how I act in real life in real life it's not necessarily even me doing the type of game that I would do if I'm by myself and not on a boot camp because in a boot camp。

 I'm trying to show rapid fire quick demonstrations and then get back in coach It like demonstrate coach demonstrate coach get the guy doing it give feedback get the guy doing give feedback。

 demonstrate coach and it's like this kind of weird sequence where you're in this logical coaching headspace。

 and then you go fun it's really hard actually you'll observe in this video I'm like I'm switching from this fun mode of chatting that into like logical of coaching and then fun of chatting logical。

It's a challenge to do that as a teacher。It's kind of easy to be logical for the whole day or fun the whole day。

 It's hard to switch back and forth。 It's like to kind of build out in your brain。

 So you'll see me doing that。 And in this video and there's more videos to come， by the way。

 But in this particular video， there's certain elements that I'm really trying to cut through。

 And in this video， it's really about taking massive action， okay it's。😊。

This video is less about what you're doing。Okay， like what two do？

And it's more about what to fucking stop doing， because most people， unfortunately。😡。

They're just doing too much bullshit and they're thinking too much bullshit and they've gotta stop。

 So ideally， when you watch this， it's almost like watching a movie and you're gonna come out of this fucking flying and this was custom created with me really looking at what the tribe needed Now if you're seeing this video without being part of the tribe。

 I would urge you to join the hot seat to home tribe。

 just ask anybody that's in it about the value they get of interacting with me personally and interacting with each other personally。

 it's amazing to be in a group watching this， not just kind like watching a video of it because frankly。

 when you're just watching the video it， you're just hoarding information and unless this video produces a real change these couple hours is a failure for you。

 this video is meant to be a massive catalyst for change but it's really best applied as a catalyst within the tribe and a supportive environment for me interacting for other people to be interacting with you So if you're seeing this and you're not in the tribe。

 come join the tribe now if you're watching this hot seat to home video。

 I would also suggest you to come and attend a live hot seat and I'll。Why first of all。

 we show different hidden camera footage so you know now that this video will be released。

 I'll be showing different footage at the hot seat。

 maybe occasionally I'll show this but you know for the vast most part。

 I'll be showing different footage and also even with the interactive exercises they're always evolving and changing So I think there's definitely advantages to the hotse at home and watching this from home because of the repetition and because you're part of a tribe but I also there's something incredibly powerful about me meeting you in person。

 asking me questions in person and me feeling you out and creating a custom presentation for you then in there and also doing custom exercises right then in there and really having this huge group of people doing the interactive exercise that we do at a live event and going nuts So really the hot seat to home and a hot seat live are best one done together but there's also unique advantages to both So each one kind of has its own unique advantages whether you're watching this hot seat to home video or watching it live Now also if you like the type of coaching that you see in this video it's a great kind of eyeopening video for you to watch if you ever want to do a boot camp with real social dynamics。

And this video here focuses a lot on the kind of coaching that I'm doing on the first night and me demoing。

 but you'll see me doing some of the coaching towards the end and a boot camp with real social dynamics has loads of that type of coaching。

 and we also custom tailor the program So I think that you get a lot of value out of doing a bootc with us if you think that when you see this video that youd benefit from that type of experience。

 anyway， this is a video that I put a lot of time into like I said。

 I've been watching the feedback from the tribe。 And I took multiple cracks of this video as far as like creating the infield for it and then also creating the presentation for it and making something that really addresses many of the stick points in the group。

 the next video will have even more in it。 This is actually just the first taste of it。

 and there's actually a lot more infield to come you will definitely have your expectations exceeded if you're into the way that I teach if you're not the way I teach I don't know what you're doing watching this。

 but if you like what I teach this is really gonna blow you away。 And like I said at the end of this。

 your mind the way that I've。I'm acting differently than I even naturally act when I'm coaching because I'm coaching the way that I'm coaching。

 And the way that I'm doing the demos is really meant to pull the bootcam students up。

 And this really is meant to resthink your mind。 So while you're gonna to see step by step while you're gonna see exactly what to do really what this was more about is it something to watch maybe right before you go out and go and crush it。

 And like I said， this is a video not for people that just want to be soothed or told truthce about what they wish the world was。

 this is a video for people that want to really produce change if you're in that and 100% of people think they want to produce change around 1% of people maybe less actually want to produce change。

 So this is kind of thing that even if you put this online。

 people with their brains just fucking fry because they're like wow。

 you can actually take action like that So if you're watching this。

 you're already taking on the identity of an action taker also want to thank you for motivating me to create this。

 The major reason why I do what I do in real social dynamics is to motivate myself to be at my best and this is something that I think will produce real change for people。

 So lay back and watch it。And also， as I mentioned the video。

 the real power of this video is in conjunction with the interactive exercise segments。

 also being within the tribe or attending live， I'd love to see you there。Enjoy the vi。🎼Peace。

Remember earlier the second what we said？Oh， it was rough。By reflex， not even like。

I'm even trying to coach you just like my little refx， I'm like， no， not。

Fuck you're talking about shit and rough。It's part a fucking process。 We're in a romp here， right。

 We're about to do three full nices。 First couple， like the first hour or two I opens。

 That's just part of the process。 Like what that's doing， it's like baking a cake。

 So guys are saying to me， oh， my first few sets are rough。 What does that even mean。😡。

What does that even mean the set was rough That is that doesn't compute。

 That's not that makes no sense because what you're doing is you're。

 you're trying to say that every set in talking is a unit。Right， like this unit was rough。

You've got to view it as a larger process of a whole night or a weekend or a week or a month or a year within the context of a lifetime is one weird interaction bad。

😡，It's just part of a process。 So I'm saying is it's like baking a cake。

 So what you're doing is you're actually numbing yourself to rejection。

 So you're showing yourself the rejection doesn't even fucking matter。 The problem is do stop。

 do do like fucking one approach a week。 and then it goes rough。 That's rough。😡，That shit's rough。

 if you're gonna stop。 if you're gonna stop。 it's rough。 That's like saying a business。

 like if you're building a business。 And then like， you know， your first month， you lost money。

 even though every business probably losing money in the first month and then you just stopped。

 you're like business is rough No it's not building a business as the bomb。 You make tons of cash。

 You make your own hours。 You can work any 20 hours a day you want like me。

 So So you guys see the point right， It's basically like it's part of the process。

 Like I don't even fucking flinch at those first interactions。 whether they go good or bad。

 I don't even care if I got laid， I would even flin at that either in the same way that I don't really care if I get a rejection。

 I also don't care that I got laid。 That's important to realize that。😡。

Because the purpose of it is the process itself。I don't care if I got rejected on flinch of that。

 It's just part of the process。 Everything's the process。 Okay， got laid cool。

 It's just leading up to the fucking next palm shit。 It's not even like that's the end。

 There is no end。 It's all continuetium。 Here's the first lesson I want to give you。 Okay。

 feel my heart right right now， Put your hand on my heart。Okay， okay， now stuck my cock。 Okay。

 put your hand on my heart。 Watch him me go do some opens。 I'll show you。

 you' gonna see fucking ice in my veins。 Let's see if we can hit on the streetca street's perfectcause then it's like on the way of the club。

you like it， yeah， yeah， I know， I know， I know， I know。on the street。SaThat's my first set， right。

 So a guy comes in and cockwalks to me when I made out of the girl because he's a little bitch。

 Now that shit again， that's not like， what's my reaction to that。It's zero reaction whatsoever。

 It's just， it's just as a warmup。 So I don't even care。 That's just my， my first set is a warm up。

 Just walk up and start making all girl because that girl was horny。

 I can see in her pupils that she's horny。 So my as little is to make out。

 But I don't really that interested in chatting with her because she's just not what I'm looking to chat with for a long time。

 I can make out。 And then I just keep going the next set。

 Next set is slim little Eastern European girl whatever she is。 You touched my tonight。

And you touch my vagina， you touch my vagina， I'm just kidding， but we're friends but we're friends。

 so I don't count， I get to pass even as a feminist。I get it pass because why。

 because we're best friends。Now， this girl has just S there complaining that a guy was being uncool for like trying to kiss her and for trying to touch her。

 And so I'm like， you know， and she's and she's like， you know， like this's like a feminist city。

 San Francisco。 And yeah， there's not a lot of tons of hot girls in San Francisco。

 are you guys aware of that。 I don't if you guys know about that。 So like this girl for San Franran。

 that's like about you're hidden into top of the pyramid to to an extent。

 but I have fun with everybody anyway。 So the point is。

 it's like the irony of what you just saw there。 Do you see the irony of that。 She's like。

 oh these guys are touching me。 So a lot of guys hear that。 And they're like， oh。

 that means this girl doesn't want a guy to come and you know， coming her that way。 No。

 she just wants the right guy to do it。 And that's why I'm showing with that a little bit of irony there。

I don't smoke， I don't drink， I don't get high。I don't even need bad food。

I that a snort I heard a snort that was like little piggy no。

 that was like fucking out I love you a piggy kind of snort kiss me piggy all do you 36？Good for you。

 How do you， Kyle do you think I am 22， yeah。Now see， that's great， too。 Yeah， That's presnapchat。

 but it's a good point。 Now， that's great with the 22。 a great thing。 I like。

 just like a soistic thing， but always just do what you think is fun。

 I love asking girls where they're from and their age。

 because what starts to happen is when you do game for like half a decade you can predict women's age and you can predict where they're from with accuracy。

 And so can be like， you're from like like our swamp in the corner of Wisconsin and they're like。😊。

I can't。 I can't quite do it like that。 but it's kind of fun。

 Or I can identify their age like bam like that。 You can usually tell by the crow's feet as a side note。

 A great lesson， too， is that when you see girls how they age。

 it makes you realize not to drink and not to eat bad of food because he's beautiful。

 stunning women with these incredible asset of their incredible looks。

 They take this amazing asset and they flush it down the toilet。 It's quite sad。

 right like us as men will eat healthy food and go to the gym with very minimal payoff。

 I mean just like， you know' live a little longer， has some extra energy is quite healthy， a girl。

 if she actually just goes to the gym a typical woman， Even if she's not that pretty。

 If she just stay slim， goes to the gym， Let's say she doesn't even have an ass and she just has a bit of squats。

 just hits up a bit of squats。 she gets a bit of an ass。 gets a really nice and lean。

 maybe gets a boob job， some hair extensions。And a little bit of makeup and a nice dress。

 That girl just became a 9。 That girl for just getting slim， a boob job， hair extensions。

 a bit of an ass and a dress can take half my shit。Think about it。😡。

You all know you you're all looking for a girl to take out your shit。 you're like， okay。

 I'm not saying in divorce， but like as a marriage， right。

 how many of you guys if you just had a beautiful like okay。

 save out a girl with like any girl who's slim。 Her face is gonna be okay。

 And then she has just has nice luscious hair。 she can do hair extensions。

 nice cities from a boo job。 a little bit of squats and really well dressed and now she cant even go to an Instagram channel get like you know 100 people on Instagram and now you can show all your friends。

 your coolas fucking chick And now all that work that you did。

 she's living at your house and living your lifestyle。

 A become a raving lunatic like block it out no on a higher level that is bad。

 but block it out your reality， push out the noise。 get the energy。 Find the solution。 Power through。

 be a warrior b or it's just like and you can get the same payoff。

 And yet the same things that many of us would do as a hobby。 a lot of girls can't even to do that。

 It blows my mind。 And instead that get wasted。They get high， they eat shitty food。

 and they take that asset， and they flush it down the toilet。 The thing is。

 It's easy to criticize that。 But here's the truth。 If you're one of those girls。

 probably a lot of your friends are doing that。 You don't know any better。 Everything that you know。

 you learn from experience， learn from bad experiences。

There's probably people who live in harder countries in here。

Who've been through a lot of shit that look at us as soft ass Motherfuckers？As clowns。

 so never look down on people， but always when you see it。

 have appreciation for the pain that you've been through。

 because that pain provided lessons that you have a better context and gratitude。

See you raise sweat great。That's cute。 Let's see we got it。 We do have it。 ugly tonight dude， look。

 okay， look， I love you freaking hot chicks like no， no， no， no， no， I like this。 I'm ugly tonight。

 Okay， how tall are you。Okay， okay， look at this slim blonde Swedish girl saying I'm not hot tonight and Norwegian now ask this。

 am I hot tonight？So I'm hot， I'm a balding ginger 36 year old， you're a 22 year old Swedish girl。

 yet you're not hot or no Norwegian girl， Norwegian girl， oh。I'll see you。Can I borrow her？好嗯。

Gotta go I love that you dish your friends for me， by the way。

 all that stuff that I talk to you as my crazy rant about block out the unnecessaryary Is what I did there that hard。

😊，What was I what I even do， What I even fucking do， What did I even do， What I do， Yeah。

 I just fucking all that I did was block out all this bullshit that guys are focused on。

 and just went in there and chatted And then the stuff that you learned the transformational core principles for associate You know。

 just say what's on my mind。 Don't really care。 Don't care about social pressure。

 collaborative frame kid in her head， clear intent what I want， Pim hit。 That's all that is。

 Do you guys see how it works。😡，There's not some big。

 There's not some big secret that I haven't like revealed of how I'm doing that。

 Everything that that I did to do that， you were taught in the exercises。

 That's all that I did there。 On boot camp， you're paid not to get laid。 That's。

 that's your your mantra as a boot camp teacher。 If you teach boot camp。

 you get paid not to get laid。 So like my body's like。Please。Reproduce with her and I'm like， no。

There's students back there。 So you had to walk the girl back。 You march her back。 and then you go。

 good night。That。Have a good night's。Yeah。Good nights out here， when I'm doing my warmos。

 I don't give a fuck。Okay， no fuck given because it's all part of the process。

 Do you notice the trance I'm into， I'm like a rapper。 I'm like a rapper。 right？

 It's a mental trance。 Yeah， I'm just like no fuck given。 No fuck given。 It's like a trance。

 And I'm always rebrainwashing myself on the trance。😡，It's like a repetitive rebrainwashing。

 B it out。 B it out because the shit doesn't come naturally to me。 I'm kind of dumb。

 So I just keep pumping myself with it again and again。 That's why I teach too。 So when I teach。

 I'm like， you not to listen to me。 You dont， that I shit get to you。 That's stupid。

 but really who am I talking to myself。 That's what I'm so amped up on it， right， I'm like， I'm like。

 I care too much。 I waste my thoughts。 I'm always letting shit get to me。 I'm like， no， no。

 dont fuck give it。 Pi， pivot， pivot。 And I'm doing that to rebrainwash myself。

 So what's the best way to learn a lot time。 T。 teach your friends a shit。 Come back from Osie。

 teach your friends a shit。 Okay， no fuck give it。 because it's all part of the process。

 So we're bake you to cake。😡，Okay， we're baking a cake here and even though they say boot camp。

 you get paid not to get laid out to bring her back， do I care？I guys couldn't even handle that。

 I do that for a living， why don't I care？Because I know I'm baking a fucking cake as part of the process is better。

 it's better， so I'm not even thinking about that。 It doesn't even matter which one you throw back this better。

 you're just baking a cake。Okay， that's it Ba a cake， don't worry about all this like oh who like me。

 who didn't like me， are you got your mind who cares are just the person baking a cake like this like this doesn't taste like chocolate。

 It doesn't taste like chocolate。They're not even thinking that they're just baking a cake， Okay。

 so get immersed in the process Okay， that's how I view that's why I don't care。

 that's why Ill just go up。Can just。Because it's just the process， I don't have this。

Internal monologue of like this is who I am。 This is what I'm trying to be in my life。

 like what does it mean that she didn't like me And then she did does that mean I'm great。

 I'm great now， I'm a good person now， No， she does like No a bad person。

 Nobody likes me pulling it at me I'm not even thinking that My brains not even going there。

 I'm just like， oh， how do you mean girls。 well， first thing you got to do is numb yourself to rejection because if you're caring about rejection。

 then you're gonna suck。 okay， go approach some girls， go talk some girls。

 see how goes if it goes good， great， pull your like fucking second set。

 like I was basically prim to do there。 Co， if not cool first set， make out second set。Pull right。

 the third set she's with a fucking dude， I got reded fucking straight yanker off。

 so that went pretty well other nights I go out。Bad， bad， bad， bad， bad， bad， bad， bad， bad， bad。

 bad， bad， bad， bad， because I'm just not in the mood。 I'm not talkative。

 Maybe I'm feeling kind of weird or off that day。 Maybe I don't really wantan to be there。

 I'm just going out whatever it is， right， So who cares， Would I care。

 I'd be telling you the same shit， I'm waiting to show you guys my heart right， Remember that。

But now there's nothing really that interesting to show you because it's going well。

 but let's get some bad ones， let me do some bad ones then you can feel my heart rate and you'll see the same thing like if it's going good。

 if it's going bad， it's just gonna be the same fucking thing okay？Oh okay， over So Okay。

 hands on heart。 Okay， so viciously rejected kind of hand on heart。😊，Had to the heart。

What do you see？Okay， same shit where I'm baking a fucking cake Hey， where are you going， now。

 why are you doing this to me Why are you doing， Hey， come hug， hug hug like this。

 I'm pretty sure we're gonna get married eventually Oh yeah why are you doing this to me。

Why are you doing this to me I say？me。 do you bring this sunfish do you bring this sunfish right here。

 Look at this， you see that guy trying to get status on me by touching my beard。

But what's could to happen to him？It's because he'st scarcity。He cares lure， fucking fish lure。

 I just love you。Why won't you let me love you I love you Okay number so I'll text you。

The name you marry you， I will marry you。I love you。 You're sexy， Look at your body。

 I would have sexy you like 80 timesns a day， but we should be friends first， All right。

 I have to go Okay wait， wait， wait， picture picture one second that way you can you can remember me you look dumb and not cool。

Okay my dear， what's your name again？All right，'s your On all right， On I'm I'm good luck have fun。

 right， Okay， good night。😊，Now， here's what' funny。 He's like， good looks good。 and your needs met。

 I'm the gentleman。 Yeah， you're the gentleman who's not gonna get his knees met。

 So it doesn't matter what you say。 You can say that。 But unless what you're saying is fun。

 all the girl cares about is that she's having fun。 She doesn't care about your little bullshit。

 like deflections。 She cares about fun。Just for review， everybody in here， okay， breakdown。

 what am I doing here？The guys we're completely submissive。

 Every person deserves to be respect and whatnot， but everybody in life makes their choices right so he made a choice to become the person who he is。

 so he's got to live the life that he lives。 He's not gonna have sex to that girl。

 So he may wish it Now it's funny I talked about this in seminar today where I basically said people like when you don't know game your fucking reality will come crushing down Like for me。

 how much importance do I place on that interaction right there。😡，How much， what do you think？

Like how much importance is that Like0。001%。 I mean， it said number， I guess， right。

 But in that guy's reality， what might he be feeling right now， What chemicals are in his body。

 anger anger， confusion， sadness Like all this right Like Why is this happening。

 I've been with this girl for so long where we have a connection where soulmates。

 Why is this fucking fucking ginger guy coming in。 there's more emotions here than in her little group。

 So now she wants in the emotions。 So now she gets a chance in here。

 that girls trying to drag her off。 And she's like， I need to give you something， you know。

 because she's actually wanted to be in touch again。 So meanwhile。

 that dudes sitting there going Why the fuck is fucking idiot writing in here there's a bald little midget writing in here。

 fucking getting my girl， my girl， because I don't care about that one particular interaction。

 How do I act。😡，How am I acting？I'm having fun， I'm loose right I'm in an upward loop because I don't care that I act fucking and however fuck I want and then because I act however I want what happens to her。

She's getting attracted and then because she's getting attracted， what does that fuel meac more like？

However the fuck I want， because I have that number。

 how does that influence me to act on the next interaction？

How positively right so you see it's the upward spiral versus the downward spiral so the caliber of your game。

 your pickup skill set is essentially at what point do you does that upward spiral cease because you're like holy shit。

 this is the one that like I really want and it is a big deal and then when it is a big deal what happens？

Sometimes you rise the occasion and that could happen。 you just do the best game of your life。 Yeah。

 right that could happen occasionally What typically happens is that you wind up shutting down and then it actually it takes you out of momentum。

 So the art and science of game is actually getting in a place both in your regular life but also in the field and the actions that you're taking the field regular life inner game。

 day to day behavior， regular lifestyle and the behavior that we're doing out here。

 which frankly you can just do any time you just make yourself do it。

 you take that momentum and then you。The caliber of your game will come down to you at what level does the girls start to intimidate you at what level do you start to get shut down At what level do you start to give a fuck at what level does that spiral of abundance。

 slow down Okay， so I've got her number Now we're baking a cake。

 right It's the process of our weekend。 What are we doing。 Maybe we go in here。

 maybe we find better in here。 Maybe she wantss up being the prettiest all weekend。 but probably not。

 So you see how we're baking the cake here。 We're breaking that downward death spiral of scarcity that most guys are stuck in where everything's a big deal they're getting their fucking guttri out。

 And instead we're coming back and we're building an upward spiral。

 This is an area that's really personal to me。 It's an area that I've struggled with and it' caused me a lot of grief if I'm gonna be honest with you。

 But in that grief。 Ive look for solutions that really help me And what's kind of cool is that when you figure this out。

 there's a lot of deeper principles of life that start to make sense， too。

 So that whole thing of getting into an upward spiral of abundance。

 It's about really creating systems in the same way that when you create a business or。

healthWhat I'm trying to teachse you is a healthy ecosystem of dating for a man who's single。So。

If you're a single man， you can do what that guy the long hair did。

 cl on to one girl get way overly invested and watch it all come shattering down when someone else comes along。

 or you can let go of it， let her be herself， Let her do what she wants and don't get all hung up on her and make this weird Disney narrative out of it。

 creeping her out that she doesn't want And you can just go meet a lot of people And what happens。

 It's an upward spiral。 Try to， can somebody here explain to me the upward spiral that I was trying to describe what one challenge。

 Who here could explain it in like105 seconds。What was the upward spiral that I was describing？

I meet women。I do a lot of opens。Fre those opens， I get positive emotions because I'm in social state。

From those opens that go well， I feel more abundant because I feel more abundant。

 I'm more likely to be unapologetic and in the moment and unstifled。In my communication。

Because of that。More girls like me。Because what more girls like me。

 I'm more indifferent with each interaction。Because I'm more indifferent with each interaction。

 more girls like me。 because more girls like me， I'm more inclined to open more。

 because I'm more inclined to open more conversations and I in that state， more girls like me。😡，U。

So what you're doing is you're building a beautiful system for your day in life。

 I never said you had to do this the the day you die。

 You just do it till you've got a great girl to I have kids with。 Let me tell you the other thing。

 too， by the way。😊，Me and my baby mama， willll be kicking it。

 maybe just on the couch or maybe like in bed somewhere。 Like literally we we're just we're friends。

 You know what I mean we're friends。 We we have a mutual understanding of our children。

 And our kids are two baby boys，5 and 6 now， We come into the room。

 And they just start jumping on the bed and cuddling and joking and playing games and fighting each other in a funny way。

 and it' so fucking cute。😡，You know， it's so fucking cute。 So I want everybody like， like。

 I value that more than anything。 So I want for everybody to have the chance to have those moments。

 But do you want to know how I met the mom of my kids。😡，I pimpt it。 We go in。

 maybe the set blows out， maybe a doesn't， some blow out， some do not。Who cares？

 We just find out we quickly go to the next set。 If anything I shouldn't be here talking with you guys。

 What should I be doing right now？ Yeah， because what am I doing here。

 even talking with you guys right now， I'm losing my spiral， not to say you need to be paranoid like。

 oh， I'm I'm gonna losing momentum every second。 like live your life like that don't But you just see the point right。

 the smartest thing I could do。 We just And I'm about to walk in my next interaction。

 What I actually do on boot camp。 because as I've gotten older。

 I sometimes get momentum a little too fast， I try to break down my sets in between to slow down my from getting momentum because if the students see me go boom boom boom boom boom too quick。

 they miss the nuances of the process。 So I'll slow down and I'm kind of debrief them for a bit。

 kind of fall a little bit more logical and then I go in。 But you yourself keep interacting。 Now。

 here's another key， though。 Some guys， what they do is they put so much faith in social momentum。

 and so much pressure on themselves that it makes some tense。Anybody ever done that we like。

 you're so trying to get a momentum。 It gets you tense。You don't want to do that either。

 You just want to acknowledge that you're getting social and go at a nice， steady pace。

 You want to be honest with yourself when you're getting too deep in your head。

And when you see that you're getting too deep in your head。Keep going。

 If you're having a great conversation with your buddies。

 you don't need to jump into another interaction。If you're enjoying taking a moment to yourself。

 you don't need to jump into another interaction。 If you guys see me out tonight。

 you might see me just chilled in the corner for a minute， introverted。 That's okay。

 But is that a real break or is that a excuse break。

 It's like you ever been hiking on a long hiking trip。And you take a much needed to break。

 and that refreshes you to go to the next。To go to the next hike to keep hiking。😊。

But what happens if you take too long of a break when you're hiking。

 Are you fooling yourself and getting more tight in your muscles or you' recovering。

Who has ever done that where you take too long of a break while you're hiking。

 And then it's actually too hard to get back up。 So in same way with success with women。

 don't fool yourself。 Take a break when you want， if it's a refreshing break， it's your prerogative。

 You have dominion over yourself。 There's no pressure， but also be honest with yourself。

 is it' helping me to build or am I going down。 If you're honest with yourself about it very honest and very aware of how you are。

 you'll get better and better going out， you'll get into these upward spirals all the time。 Now。

 let's watch me go immediately into the next interaction。これ。🎼然就。Like this。That was intense， dude。

 where do you come from？How you each are you？I'm just kidding I'm just kidding I know he' kid my weren't you guys talking to him a second ago right No you fucking no。

 no， no， no， you dish this guy， like zero。Okay， don't let him see that。 Okay jealousm。蛋儿。

You remember we said it's like baking a cake？The girl， the tall blonde down there。

 was a beautiful girl， but some people might say that that one's more beautiful。

 Then some people might say that one's more beautiful。 Now。

 it's not gonna go up and up and up like that， right， It's like， you know， it' it can go down too。

 You know， you might see me making out the little piggy in a minute， or one of you or something。

 But you see my point， right， You guys got a little stubble。 You got nice lips， you know， but。😊，I it。

 So I just clowned。 It's like my brain's in such a loopy mode。 So， and then you can also see how。

 hey。😊，Tedies。That's tity。Tiddy， okay， good night。 So， okay， so basically， so okay， so you see， okay。

 so the bottom line is。やめてち。so watching about piano。Citity。Oh that kind of hurt。

 I love you guys Nice to meet you today man Payal。you guys are wearing so much leather We're pimp。

 guys Now we're fucking pimp。 listen to me。 just say even if we can't all go home and have sex night if you could just say one thing thatd be good enough for me。

 Just say you're pimppin。Just say your mother fucking p now you're doing it。I'm fucking ping， dude。

That's trueHe's very cool。Just keep transferring don't care。

 fuck like girls like social proof like girls like socialproof。

 as long as you're clowning and having fun。 like， you know。

 if you were like really putting your heart out， like trying to get me or something。

 then then you're like， now I'll try to marry you That's different。

 You're just like one of those guys out having fun。 Now， okay， so do you guys see what's happening。

 I'm baking the cake or going into the upward spiral。😊，We're going into an upward spiral。

 How much do I care about that particular interaction， I don't give a fuck。 How much do I care。 Now。

 those girls are not quite attractive enough for me。 So what kind of things did I say to them。

 I'm like， hey， if we're not all good have sex tonight， Just say I'm a mother fucking pan。 Now。

 why am I saying that， What's my outcome there。😡，What do you think it is Think of it this way。Well。

 but it didn't blow me out right， that's' kind of funny。

 but it could be sometimes you're right because sometimes you're just kind of want to get out of there so you see some dumb shit。

Because I don't want to have sex with those two girls。

Why am I seeing this silly shit like I'm a pimp And you know。

 we're gonna all have sex and all this like shit this not even like make any fucking sense。

 I'm saying it just to have fun。 I'm saying it because it's funny。 So now my mood is gonna go up。

 So if I can't get laid out of it， at least I can have a fucking blast。

 So either way I'm gonna have fun， but its again， this is the power of self amusement versus reaction seeking。

 you remember I said to you earlier using balls in your chd method。 So you're like， hi。😡。

Blls in your court。Hi， Bas in New York court。 dos do this。 Like you're taller， slimmer。

 better looking like more traditionally good looking guy than I am。

 And yet you're struggling to get a set open Where mine are flying open。

 That's because I'm not allowing the， I'm not saying balls in New York court to the girl。

 gave me just hi。Whatant a fuck， you know， it's like I'm just enjoying myself， I'm in my intent。

 I'm completely free from outcome， but I'm in my intent and basically just moving forward so as I'm doing that。

What's happening is that I'm furthering up the upward spiral because I'm getting numbers。

 Maybe I get a rejection， but then I'm getting， I'm getting numb to rejection。

 which just makes it all even more upside because my brain's like shit。

 Does't matter if I get rejected。 Who cares。 It's all upside。

 or or I'm getting self amusement because I'm saying funny stuff。 to be fair to。

 you don't have to say something of ob nooxious to， right。 I mean。

 you could also just have a dance conversation。 You know， you could do whatever you want。

 There's no specific outcome that you have to get。 But if you see the general idea of what I'm saying here。

 which is just enjoy yourself have fun， get into the upward spiral。 How are you。😊。

Iden hug good who you。What's your name Oh and dance？Oh， 진짜。三分。Can I keep her？Can I keep her？ No， no。

 I can't。 I know I can't。 So again， what have I use here， Cl intent。

 like we talked about in the core principles， exercises that we did clear intent。I'm in your head。

 I'm speaking to her in that way。 I'm also coming from a collaborative frame。I'm free associating。

I'm leading。I'm assuming attraction。 I'm playful。 none of it's a big deal because none of it's a big deal She'll kissing me right off the bat All right around。

 just kissing different girls， playing with different girls。

 I don't really care that much what they look like。

 I don't really care that much where their personality is because it's about my momentum and my fun。

So as you're doing it， you're building momentum for better and better girls as the night goes on。

 you're also collecting tons of numbers and tons of opportunities and you just keep doing this again and again and again again。

God， I just came so I just。How do you guys all know each other。 Well， we all come from Italy。

 So we jump into the group。 How do you guys all know each other。 You got to deal the group。

 Guys are oblivious to the group。 Big mistake。 You're gonna get anniilated by the group。

 Those are her friends。 Re that situation or be an asshole and push them out。

 but you got to do something。 You can't just sit there thinking it's a nonfactor。

 You must' be aware of it。 That's like if you're fishing and you're trying to reel a fish。

 And then some shark comes in and starts pulling on his tail and then you're shocked that your line got broken。

 Okay You've got to be aware of the other factors that are occurringing dynamically。Italy， Prago。

 Italian Florncia，vo。That's the rest of it， I can't remember I was about to call another Are you guys noticing a trend that the girl was saying。

 give me your number？You got to call me， give me your number。

 you will continually having women asking you for your number when you hit in the sweet spot。

It's all about the sweet spot。 When you hit that sweet spot， Girl want to get in touch。 It's crazy。

 Sometimes girls have boyfriends and they and like they're getting the number。 And later。

 you find out they had a boyfriend。 They don't even know why they did it。

 It's just that when you hit that sweet spot， you'll tend to get it a lot。

 They don't know why They just know that the energy was right。 and they want to keep seeing you。

 It has money or status or looks or any of these things that guys think are affecting them。

 come up and edit these interactions。That's a good jagger。You like it， I like it too。It did。

 And thank you。 But the thing is， I buy all my jackets on Black Friday。

 You can get 70% off discounts。 So any of you guys cant got to get a nice jacket。😊，嗯。

You know where else you can get nice shit， Zara bro， H& M。Anytime I buy like a nice shit。

 I always see the same shit at fucking Zarara and I'm like damn it happens all the time。

 It's a slightly less quality version， but I'll tell you， man。

 all wear watches that cost $200 bucks and everybody thinks it's a $30，000 watch， why？

It's how you care yourself， bro，'s how you care yourself。That's it。 It's how you carry yourself。

 Go If you carry yourself the right wave。 You could be wearing like an $18 watch from the back of magazine covered in diamonds。

 Everyone will think it's real。 It's all how you carry yourself。 allow yourself Okay。

 so do you what do you is is a loaded question。 A better night would be on a a better question be on a good night or a bad night。

I have horrible nights sometimes。 So on a bad night， What do I do on a good night， What do I do。

 And that's how I got to be thinking。 So on a bad night， I'm probably like， oh my God。

 a girl writes me find me， it's all good to go right。 And I know who I am。

 And then I get all attached。 And then when she goes to pull away， I bit， I get nervous。

 and then she leaves on a good night， I'm just having fun。 If she goes to leave， I'm like fine， go。

 and she's like， now， I want to come。Or I go， come on， fight for me， girl， let's go， you know。

 either way。굿나 guys。I don't know how you did that。 I usually when I see something like that。

 the guys tight with the girls。 I just see this is thing like in R。

 people misinterpret RRC lot because they're like， oh， you don't teach like the thing to say。

 Like it's too vague。 It's like dude is the vibe。 Like we teach you how to free associate。

 I'm free asciating。 I'm flowing Cl of intent。 I've good intent。 freedom from outcome。

 What does the girl feel for me。 I'm clear what I want。 I've got no outcome at all towards it。

 I'm congruent。 I've got a high entitlement to it。 And I'm self amused。 I mean， it's just a shit。

 we're teaching。 It's a shit that we fucking teach。 But a lot of people。

 they struggle to understand that。 They're like， now。

 just teach me a thing because they're not in a fun vibe。 So again。

 like we're teaching you is like presence Off value。 I'm not trying to take anything from her。

 I'm not， There's no downside。Did she see any downside from a guy like me。

 See you're asking the question， They see you talking to other girls。 Oh aren't they mad。

 You're removing downside with that。 It doesn't mean that you have to。

 Most girls I meet don't see me talking to other girls。 I mean。

 some do some don't I don't think they they even think about it that much。 Do you see the point。

 You're removing the downside。 Oh， he's fun。 They， they don't have to worry that I'm gonna fucking show off on them。

 Do you think the girls's biggest problem is like， oh， the guys just like all fun and stuff。

 You think that's her fucking biggest problem。 What's the girls's biggest problem。

 Most fucking do theyre with。😡，They're tooing They're clingy as fuck。

 they're continually afraid that the guy is gonna wind up like fucking getting all psycho stalkr。

 How many dudes are pulling the shit on the girls getting all crazy stalker all this kind of stuff。

 Yeah， so what they're seeing for me it's just upside right It's like if you went to like the coolest store ever they got the bomb fucking merchandise。

 But there's no like creepy as sales and hassling you You want to go there and check it out and have fun know like the Apple store at the Apple store。

 you can sit there， I don't know if it's always gonna be like this or how it always is but you can sit there you could fuck around on their fucking internet。

 you could probably pay your fucking bills。 I've gone to the Apple store I'm in the middle of shooting videos pull out the card。

 start looking into the video footage just to see what I've got。

 It's just pure fun right you can go in it's just an offering of value at the Apple store。

 you know that you can go in there and enjoy yourself now is there a bunch of other customers in the Apple store。

 Are you mad about that。😡，Why not， because you care about your experience in getting the goods that you want。

Now later， you know， if you took home your Mac and it was your Mac and then all of a sudden Ne mother fuckers came start using it。

 you might get mad。That's more like a relationship if you're in a deep proper relationship and then you're fucking all these girls。

 she's like， whoa， whoa， you're my Mac now like what are you doing right， you're my fucking Mac。

 but initially it's like。So that's an interesting a committed relationship versus the girl just shopping。

 she just see oh popular guy。 And if she's cocky， she's like I get him， I'm fucking hot。

 look at me look at my ts。 I get that guy。 if she's hot。

 she's not intimidated but again you remove the downside。

 Now what if you go to a computer store what if like Microsoft made a store and then you go in there as soon as you walk in the door they're like hey they do it's called the Microsoft store's super creepy is it they just ripped the Apple store Yeah and they're just trying to attack and sell and then it's just like hard closing and shit you can't even enjoy yourself and relax。

 I don't want to dispar of Microsoft into it but you see my point it's like you take away the downside。

 See these guys that are like like Michael Bolden， we should start calling guys go Michael Bolden right when guys go Michael Bolden。

 they're giving downside see Michael video Michael Bolden is exciting if you are already like in love the guy if you brought on the Mac then the girl wants Michael Bolden but when they're just out here。

You don't need to be Michael fucking Bolden， You know what I'm saying。

 but guys are trying to be Michael Bolden。 Do you want to know why guys like Michael Bolden more than Pimppin。

😡，Because it's easier to be Michael Bden than a pimp。

chaHe's this old school romance singer who' would be like， I love you， it's look， learning。

 state control， approaching strangers， self amusement。

 being entitled and taking massive action is harder than just picking one girl and being like。

 I would do anything for you。I would do whatever you want， flowers， you know。

 princess dresses or like whatever that fuck these guys are doing。Okay。

I clearly am a little disconnected from that now。Yeah。So that's okay in a relationship。

 many girls who I date would be like， yeah own， maybe I'd like some fucking flowers in a princess dress instead of hearing more about how you're a pimp。

 but that's within a relationship， but guys are going there too early and they think it's gonna work and help them and they see this and they resist it because they think that they're cl to a higher ideal。

 but really if they were good at this they would like this you know。

 you don't see some famous like Aless guy like Leo diCaprio decry that women like like high value dudes。

He's not like， you know， sometimes I just feel like。Girls。They like these high value dudes。

And I just want to be like， Michael Bman。 Its the dark row of the game， bro。

 I don't know if I can see all the shit。 No， Leo di Cabri like dark which Victoria secret moto on the circus do I want。

 And then he's just like， oh， have that one，ip And then he's like And that's all he's thinkings there's no deeper thoughts going on than that。

 like the good old days， He's not thinking this shit。 He's just enjoying his life。 So。

 And then if he wants a girlfriend， I it hard for him to pick one I you think Derek Jeter Google this guy's dating history or Leo diCaprio Google this guy's dating history。

 Like people go and be like， you know， in the end of your life， though， you're gonna be all alone。

 how does Leo diCaprio， Derek Jeter dating like famous models block them from eventually picking one and getting married。

Do you you think， yeah， he did， he now has， he chose a 24 year old hottest girl on the planet to be his fiancee。

Did that block him， did the fact that he banged Adrian Ama or Jessica Simpson block him from getting married to this amazing girl？

So that's the thing is that it's always easy to shift from Piimpin to Michael Bolden。

 but it's hard to shift from Michael Bolden to a pimp。 So you all just keep that in mind。

 but sometimes there is that time that every pimp has to become Michael Bolden。

 and when the time is right， you could do that。But what's funny is when you see you doing it is it really that hard to do what I'm doing like okay。

 I'm taller from Orty or whatever right， but is it am I actually doing anything people couldn't do。

 It's more like what people wouldn't attempt hard to you know what though you guys can do it。

 But see I talk about this in these videos called truth about success I call wood versus could There's a lot of things you could do Should the you guys saw me tonight。

 you could do it But the question is would you would you do it And the question is how would you make yourself do entitlement congruence self amusement clarity of intent。

freedom from outcome and you can see how these are basically being applied it's just this wall of good energy and no downsides and because I know that that's what I'm doing and then I'm just free associating。

 I know that the response will have to be positive or at least that I'm gonna have fun。

So how do you balance clarity of intent and freedom from well it's exactly what you see me doing I fucking hammer in there well yeah you do it but how you do I don't care I feel too good。

I feel too good and this is me on four hour sleep I might like I have almost like it's funny because I'm having so much fun。

 but I almost have like a slight undertone of crankiiness right now。

 literally because I'm on four hour sleep and I just came on fucking free tour。You know。

 where I just completely like fucking win， you know， full on。 I'll just go。 Yeah。

 just go I learn that from Kobe。 Kobe， these guys like Jordan Kobe， they get the fucking flu。

 They just go， You know， you just do it， don't be a little bitch。 fucking do it。

 How fun is what we just did。 It's crazy fun。 crazy， crazy Yeah， guys forget that about game。

 They think that the game is like it's this chore。 that's why they're not good at it。

 They're doing it the wrong way。 Well， if you're new it feels like steps。 Yeah， really slow process。

 You're like， hey what's。What do I say and yet， what did I really say to most of those girls didn't matter。

 but it's that wall of energy that we design that we build in so yeah。

So the girls the girls are what are they getting out of it。

 Why the energy talking to Why are you enjoying talking to me right yeah。

 the energy I'm a guy though and I'm here to learn from you you how much So it's like yeah it's like fun same reason why I'm popular fucking you like So you cultivate your energy in the right way。

 remember I'm a who low autism massively poor social skills growing up。

 So I had to figure even skills to this day。 I'm not really good at having general conversation It' kind of tough but it's for me because I'm like so what are you up to me about me about that And that's where I learned a lot like self amusment because a lot of general conversation to me is like I can't even get my fucking around don't even people do I want talk about nerd shit I'm  I'm a hard nerd So what I've learned to do is I take that nerd brain。

 and then I just self ause myself。 that's fun。 that's the enjoyment of it rather than depending on them which whatever。

And talk about， I mean， it could be cool， but could also not be。

Yeah because I'm introverted mostly so like for me， I enjoy good quality deep conversations。

 Yeah I'm like that too I'm actually interested in talking to that or people who I know well for me。

 exactly like like one of the reasons why I never do media is because if I'm not if I don't know someone I'm inherently uncomfortable around them people forget that I get social anxiety around people。

 I don't know I don't know their intentions I don't they're up to I find it overwhelming so like I actually get uncomfortable in situations where I don't know everybody I can just like my brain can just shut down like literally people say after all these years。

 Yeah， but it's not usual for me。 So that's why that's also I'm passionate about the pickup stuff is because。

It is a challenge for me。 All this has a challenge for me。 You and I can shut down。 So， you know。

 I look at like， I remember when like mystery went on Conan and O'bririen， for example。 And like。

 I think I don't think I could open my mouth。 This whole crowd of people。 I don't know。 This guy。

 I don't know like all that kind of stuff。 It'd be tough。

 But it was cool as like at least in in the pickup stuff。 You know。

 condition myself for this and for public speaking of crowds where I'm comfortable。

 because I understand the kind of energetic laws behind it。 Edm will make it work。

 which is what I'm teaching you。 I've made a high upside and the low downside。

 And then the girls are just all about it。So it takes an uncomfortable situation。

 Make it comfortable。 But that's what I'm passionate about。

 I want to show that to you guys this weekend。 That's the purpose is to hammer you guys on this。

 So you're getting it。 Okay， and that's why that's why I demo it's so hard to so you can see it and buy in。

 And then I want you to actually be doing it。 I can't say that word。

 I'm a white boy fuck fuck I can't talk like that。 I'm too lame。

 I'm too What's that No I'm a public speaker。 say nothing Police need love to I'll never forget you。

 What。 I。 Are gonna call me mother too。 This is a hard night for me。Hey， hey， get up here。

 what's your number？What is it text you number that's not even a message that's the like that's a text Im gonna to save your number and maybe I'll call you later I'm to text don't be nervous I'm going to call you I'm a notes that is my text message obviously if I'm sitting here talking to you I want your number。

415 I love these eyelashes that you got blows you up dudeon。He looked fucking in pin。

 and you got the dimples。 I just dimple rap her。ThisYeah。4。Where。

 where are you headed off to right now， You have to， I can't go with you。 I'm too shy。 no。

 no Can I text you。 Okay， don't let them see。 Don't let them see。 Okay， don't let them see。

 Don't let them see。Here I' text you It's5 What if I said， please like a get in again， head again。

 head a get in again， at a get in again。🎼How much how much you love me。 do love me You do love me。

Okay， you don't have to eat my face all that you have to do is to be okay with tiny penises。🎼佳姐。Well。

 it's not， it's like maybe that。You want to have a three simple of the guy that tiny beat is？Okay。

 okay， three sim was a man with the smallest venis in the club that ways it's not even a three s it's like it's like what's that really just a large venus really？

And your feet。Oh you're getting into this， you're fucking。🎼okay。

 so just quickly explaining that notice there's no downside right that girl is not someone I't want to date。

 So what I do is I make little stories to make myself loud so everybody I talk to I can have fun with and in fact。

 the girls who I'm not that into I can actually say these funny things that show that I don't really care about the outcome like kind of like getting into a groupve right so if I'm in that group where I can show that I don't care about the outcome with girls who I really don't care I can take that same indifferent energy into the girls that I do care about because I have I have a momentum with it at that point。

🎼like。🎼He I love you very much。 This been very you while you going。🎼likeで。た。たい。🎼我人。

I feel like I've never felt like such a pinch in my life now again， my brain as I'm doing this。

 it's tweaking。Into attack mode so now I'm seeing her awkward because she's way over there， right。

 super weird to pull her from way over there but。🎼我们。Oh， sorry， sorry， good to meet you。

What what's your name always？Owen is my namewen what's the downside for many of this？Okay， so again。

 think upside， downside， what are some downsides of wandering around？In either case。

 she's like kissing him right， what's the downside of you saying hi？I like the dress。

I like your dress。You can literally talk to anybody， that's something a lot of people don't realize。

🎼Anybody here you' want to talk to， that girl with that dude， this girl， this dude。

 nothing is stopping you from just talking to him。 Everybody has the right to talk to whoever they want。

 You know what I'm saying like， if I'm like。M。What's the downside， No downside， miss。Oh。

 I thank you're my friend， sorry。🎼Yeah。🎼Whatever she's got to go with that dude。 Oh。

 I got her my friend story。 Let her amounts。 right， Who fucking cares。

 You can you can get yourself into it。 You can talk yourself out of it。

 So I would say like could go in the set。 I feel like I'm running out of。

🎼What to say running out of So what you're doing is you in and then you're like。

 hey what's up and then you can't think of what to say right Do want that is any we come up with but one teach you a million ways to get around that but at the same time you're not in attack mode。

 what you're doing is you're thinking I'm saying is I'm saying not good enough're filtering it See what I'm thinking is like So because I'm not thinking the words are coming out that word attack mode some of our media exposure。

 I probably chose a bad phrase're like he teaches attack mode but what I meant to say I meant it within a sports context of going for it。

 Okay， so let's call it。Not even offense。 Let's call that。Like， like having some courage mode。🎼Okay。

 let's call it really， really wanting to me a nice girl mode。 Okay， so what I'm trying to say。

 look basketball teams that win， they get in attack mode。

 they're not in a reaction to what's going on they're dictating the environment。

 they're not in a reaction。 any you guys ever go to a venue and you feel like you're in this massive reaction。

 So again， we want to get into proactive mode。 So what he's doing is he's in reaction。

 He's getting overwhelmed。 what we want to get him setting the terms。

 if I'm like hey nice to meet you I'm doing that I got no shot with that girl because I'm just like I'm not I'm not fucking talking。

 I'm fucking dumy going on this approach right， you don't want that So again。

 in a lot of ways by alleviating the downside you actually will think of more what to say because you're still thinking there's a downside So even verbally you're thinking there's a downsides。

😡，🎼Not a downside。 So just say anything。 There's no downside。

 You can pick up a girl just saying the word mushrooms and get it again。 mushrooms， mushrooms。

 big mushrooms， little mushrooms， pink mushrooms。 you can do it。 mushrooms， mushrooms。😡。

Bake mushrooms， big mushrooms or small mushrooms。Little mushroom， mushroom medium mushroom。

 I like mushrooms and also by the way， peppers。Pes， and are you a green pepper fan or red pepper fan。

 That's not like good game。 See， this is where people confuse RSD。 because they see me doing that。

 And they're like， this guy， he runs a seminar saying to meet women by talking about mushrooms。 Ha。

 What a fucking idiot。 I should teach sha course。😡，That's not what we're doing。

 We're just trying to show an outrageous example that the words are not as important as you think。

 Unfortunately， that point is lost on some people that are too dense to look stupid。Yeah。

 okay and I'm doing that just to draw attention to the fact that you could say fucking anything here。

 let's hit the streets。Yeah。🎼Good， I like what you're thinking you're going Oh， there's two there。

 there' two there， right So again， your mind is now switching its orientation。

 So what I want to see is your mind actually switching its orientation。 Go it Okay。

 so like say you see5。Okay， you're almost there， but you're hoping that it won't work no no。

 you're hoping it won't work you are hoping that that girl would leave。You're hoping that Shi。

 because you don't know what you would do。 Sometimes what you got to do is plant yourself right there and take a harsh。

 like weird rejection， like just straight still in order to like stop being like， Bosh。

 I'll do it like here。Aio Mo， sorry， we have boyfriends。

 what does my brain get told once that happens？You're not good。HD， I don't think that at all。

I'm de something else harder than that， so my brain couldn't even go there Now what's it you know。

 my brain goes， I'm still okay。So there's no downside。 So I've just shown there's no downside。

 I could go back in there。 It didn't be even weirder。 And again， my brain goes there's no downside。

Please remember。あ디押。Okay， so now my brain goes， well， I'm still here。 I'm still alive。

 Nothing happened。 So you have to like， it's like they say only when you've lost everything or you're free to do anything。

 So you've got to like， sometimes you got to re remindmind your mind that it's okay to get a blowout。

All I knows is。Jean jacket， Okay， the same。 So allow yourself to get blown out。 Like。

 allow it to happen， Allow the awkwardness， Allow the fucking weirdness and then let your brain sure。

 try here。 But actually， like walk with them。 Like， don't just do like a slow one。 walk with them。😡。

Keeping aging Molly。Molly and her friend is。Sydney from Australia。Come on here。 so good。

 So what happened was you actually sort of wanted that girl to fucking come。

 You actually kind of wanted it。 But what happened was then you stopped wanting it。

 and then you started putting on a character or stick。 You're like， I am going in with Molly。

 that's not not you talk， That's not you， You don't talk to me like that？

 You're just talking or her like that？ Why don't you just talk to like a fucking human being instead of being like making up this fucking bullshit。

 You know just be like whatever I that how is this phone call going。 great， Yeah， Japanese， Yeah。

 couldnt she want，nie。😡，どれぐらい日本もしべるの？I know Kanihua and sushi。

Okay's that's the I I been to Japanese restaurants。 You guys see my reaction time on that。

 And that comes from being as I kind of probably a bad word for But when I call a attack mode。

 I'm finding reasons to do it rather than not。 Most guys you grow on in the phone walking in the other direction。

 they won't do it。 But when you act and you're sharing and you're coming from a collaborative frame and you're very natural。

 You're just chatting， it doesn't put their guard up。 And then you can walk with them。

 And then what you do is instead of finding reasons not your approach。

 How many reasons have there to not approach tons。 instead you find reasons to do it。

 and you wind up going on with。😊，That is the extent of it。

It is where now you're trying to meet up with some friends right now。 Where are they。

 I actually trying to get home。 I can't go home with you。 I'm too shy。 I'm a shy。

 She's trying to take me home guys。 kind of weird。That's kidding。uy， no， no， no， no。

 dudes don't care if they break off from their friends。 though。 You know。

 like girls like don't cause to。 don't be a s， they like freak out。 like Oh my Yeah。

 do don't even care。 Now how old are your Japanese So you could you could literally be like any fucking age。

 And I wouldn't even know。 okay， that's a good age。😡，That you're in your prime right now。

And how are you enjoying your prime？I arm， squeezeque that arm。

 You're holding my arm like my grandmother holds my dick。 Okay， S it more how my mom holds my di。

 sounds good。 ba。 Yeah， you enjoying it。 F gray。 What you mean。😊，That Bush。 Yeah， of course。

 here one second。You have to text。 Okay what's your number 41，5。 It's just a quick open。 I mean。

 and I can stay there， and I can keep chatting with her。 But the point is。

 I've got to run back to boot camp。 But what you could do in a situation like this。 Now。

 just because you're at her house。 It doesn't mean you all of a sudden start having sex。

 In a case like this， you would just chill， relax。 you know， don't just jump her。 You know。

 like I'm upstairs。 like that right。 you chill， you'd wait。

 you'd wait until she would want it or even here's a move。 be cool， don't even touch her。

 just kick it with her at her house。 Let her go to bed。 go back meet to other girls。

 I know like the energy in the room， just like slowly going to like。😊，Okay。

Have faith here and go meet to other girls because this is so quick。

 It's not that meaningful that she took me to her house。 but go meet to other girls。

 And now she trusts you and then me back up。 now she's already comfortable letting you in her house and you didn't get pushy instead of doing what I used to do when I'm younger or I'm like push。

 push， push And the girls's like who who who who like dude like I said we can kick it here。

 But like we're not gonna have sex。 And then now you burnt it out and the girl doesn't call you back。

 Who yearss gone back home， tried a little too hard for to get laid。

 and then she won't call you back after who earss had that。 All these hands go up to be fair。

 Who ears also had it where you brought a girl home， you didn't go for it。

 And the girl's like you're an idiot， I brought you my bed idiot。

 and then she also doesn't call you back。 So as a man it's pretty hard to know what to do right they want you to somehow read。

 it's like if she wants it tonight Does she wantna later。 How do you learn。😡，Field experiences。

 you gain calibration and awareness from all the ones that went good and bad。恥ずかね。For you。

Just jump right in the next set。I come out of there。 What do I do， Do I rest Next said。

 because momentum is money。It takes time to build a momentum。

 I know I'm going to say a high momentum， So I keep going。

And have you seen me like not open a single group of girls that walk by at this point。

I'm opening everythingn。Yeah， cool。 You guys just come from here。Where to。I can't go me， I'm too shy。

I idiot thanks touch it more Oh my God now I don't need to go on with anybody Oh my God。Boom。

 you seem like the excitable and hug like this， watch before you go。Tig like that then。Now。

 this is just me getting a momentum。 There's a million ways to go about success with women。

 You could also go in and chat calmly。 There's so many ways to do。 Don't get hung up on this one way。

 This is my mood of the evening。 Do you guys get that。It's just my mood of the evening。

I have other nights where， I'm quiet， and I kind of let them talk。

 I have other nights where I joke a lot。 other nights where I lead a lot。

 Other nights where I'm very physical。 Other nights where I don't lay a finger。 I go with my mood。

 What you should be noticing is the mood that I'm in。 And then I'm building momentum off that mood。

 I'm accepting where I'm at and working with it。 don't get hung up on the exact style。 This one here。

 Who owns her。 Who owns this one。 her Hey， Who owns you， Just kidding。 I like your dimple。😡，对。

 there go。It's going a piggyback Yeah，s do it Oh， you're going to piggyback me for real， okay？Ready。

 this could hurt her dude， this is the most woman， are you ready to get married？

I will pump 18 babies out of you if you tell me to right now。

 just like quick hi hi babe because I' no girls have walk by。

 I'm just opening as I'm seeing it because what I'm doing is I'm linking seag to open girl。

 This gets critical when the girl who's intimidatingly hot will go by at some point in your night。

 And you want to link it that you'll approach。 Otherwise。

 if you're always picking and choosing when that intimidatingly girl that shuts your brain down walks by。

 you're not an autopilot。 So that's why I do it。 What you up to。We're going to go inside in a second。

Invite me。Okay， right now we' in a second second。呵。😊，No， seriously， how do you guys know each other。

 friends and friends？Nice hey， that's cool and she's my we're beyond that now Oh tities tis on thets thes well y。

Nope， nope， oh， I'm our best friend now too。She toucheding my tities。对。It's very ideas。🎼Okay。

 that's kind。 Okay， he's fine。🎼对。Okay。Okay， so see what I'm doing there basically。Quick open。

 you know， get them gonna invite me in for two seconds and then keep the night moving So that's like。

 you know， because again， like why are we in this， right We're this for girls of a certain standard。

 But you can have fun with everybody。 You can socialize everybody。

 And then it's building you into that state We' like， oh， he's gonna do this。

 So what we're doing is we're just making a cake， right， The little decision that I make right now。

 I'm just seeing the upside。 Is there any downside of me just doing a fast open fuck no。

 But that leads the attack mode of why I did a quick poll right there。 The point being。

 So this girl here， she's on her phone， I could say， oh。

 she's on her phone don't open because' kind of weird for I can't open。Oh， it's very timinging。

 that wasn't my。S I never held this way you say that to every girl that you walk up to and give a hug I'm going back to Los Angeles this is a very nice job wait wait wait wait I have to go back to。

I I used to go back to Huntington sometimes where where in Huntton are you are you trying to kiss me because its all going to happen it wouldn't feel good at all No。

 it would feel weird， super uncomfortable and odd。Most definitelyite right there， it's like。

 did you see this， you see the way that I stopped it。

 that's a little bit of like P U A matching there， right。

 That's a little voodoo because you so much believe that they'll stop that they instinctively stop。

 It's an instincts。 So you've got to be able just walk。 stop。 You just know， stop。Stop， stop， stop。

 Hey， come。😡，Nice to meet you。 Come over here。 It's in your mind。 You're always on the gas。

 not the brake。 You're not like， will you stop because then no， now。

 you've got to do that within the context that if at any point like。

 I don't really get a lot of girls really feeling uncomfortable， But if it ever would happen。

 I know to do what back the fuck off。 any time that a girl's ever uncomfortable。

 I detect even 1 mm of discomfort， I'm backing off。 How old are you。😡，How old do I like your deltits？

You have like a slim physique with like strong people proud delta， but I don't work out ever。

Come this way。🎼Quick number， and then we keep it moving， right， I mean， we're boot camping。

 I can't spend a million years on her， but see what I'm saying here， right。

 So how hard what words did I really use on her。JustF all right。 So again。

 guys are always caught up in the words， but it's like when you put the gas down。

 you'll just say any shit and make it convincing。 But what you're doing is you're putting on the brakes。

 and I can see it in your eyes here， you have this like sad look。😡，And you like look look。

 you want to tickle， did you see what you do there， you're like yes， you're like。My dad。

 you're not just let go， let it go， let yourself laugh。🎼Let yourself Gary， Okay。

 just let yourself laugh。 And then it's like， let yourself game。 You see him saying， see the upside。

 let yourself game。 What's the worst dude， What's the worst thing gonna happen， Like。

 say I'm just like， I'm a retarded idiot retard。 Hey， I'm a retarded idiot retarded。😡。

Blesssure to meet you。I'm I have every known genetic defect in the book。 And by associating with me。

 even being near me， you just lost social status。 God understand So isn't that funny that even with like the most random thing to say that that girl has a positive reaction。

 She sends in the vibe。 The reason that we did the transformational core principles earlier today is to get you in that sweet spot。

 The problem is if we don't put an emphasis on those exercises。

 What winds up happening is you see this and you can't do it。 You're like。

 I said I said the retard line。 and it didn't work。 The retard lines not a line。

 You're succeeding in spite of that line。 It's not a good line at all。

 But because you're in the sweet spot that we learned in the exercises。

 That's why you guys came here and we put a focus on the exercises is because when you're in the sweet spot。

 anything can work。🎼Okay， go back to your friend。 Okay， so what's the fucking we' shit。

 I literally just said。I'm fucking retard and but so guys are like， what's the thing to say。

 why aren't you telling me the truth of what to say。

 what did I fucking say there I'm a retard with every possible thing wrong with me。

But why can I open a conversation like that？🎼Because I'm seeing only upside。

 I'm just the way that I'm speaking， she feels that I want to speak with her as opposed to me being like no。

 I don't really want to speak with her right So it's like I'm putting the gas down。

 just let it blow out， Okay puppies， ovens， cats， dogs， mushroom， mushrooms， peppers， pizza。

 restaurants， Okay and like could you literally just sit there doing that as a game。

 It's not the best form game。 It's a stupid form game。

 but the point is you can do it right So even as an exercise right here。😡，🎼What do we see。

 Just say that vegetable names。 I love fruit。It's amazing peppers and vegetables。

 even though it's not of fruit， good point。I don want be what about a tomato is a tomato fruit or vegetable？

Are you French， Where are you from Italy， Pugo？Butルト chvo。That's all I gotia。般了你料心。

Or are you guys all I had a funny experience with an Italian girl last time I was here Oh。

 we had to go， come over here look at this。So again， just walk up， do the little exercise again。

 and then see if we can move her in here， try to move her into the club area。あすがとう。

And I'll all that see the peppers a pieces of shit， do all that fucking in the shit。

 just start saying shit just as an exercise， key going， more， put the gas down， put the gas down。

Mushroom。Put the gas down。 Keep going， don't make it a logical contact。

 Just put the gas down everything you should go online right now。Then go two seconds back to club。

Look at the dogs。 Don't say words like help me。 Don't say words like help me out。 So you tried。 Now。

 let me break down to you why you can't get her to move。 could be just a random girl。

 can't get every girl do you want。 but there's other reasons possibly too。 for example。

 look what you did there。 I'm telling you to say shit and you're trying toify yourself。 You're like。

 oh， I'm gonna say this weird stuff。 But every fucking weird thing I'm gonna do this exercise。

 I've got to justify fire like I'm saying say these vegetable names and you're trying to lead into it。

 you're like well， I like hot dogs。 maybe over there。 hot You don't say that see the hot dogs。

're overthink this。 You're way over fucking thinking this。 just put the gas down。

 if you want to see hot dogs hot dogs。 that's all you got to do。 now again。

 it's an exercise doesn't mean that I want you to every girl and fucking slam vegetable。

 that's stupid。 It's an exercise。 try it again and we're gonna around 10 feet。

 just to show you to put the gas down。 I need you to put that gas down。 I love the you're like。

 I I literally want to have that expression。 look at the hot hot dogs。😡，I do， too。 I do， too。

 I hate Where Just back your friends or back to my mother's basement on boot camp。

 I'm trying to get a number of guys into this upstate。 I'm trying to pull them up。

 I'm pulling I'm pulling them up。 I'm making it look easy。

 but it's not necessarily as easy as it looks。 Okay because you're carrying your own momentum and the momentum of others。

 Great boot camp teachers could do that Now， I'm very jacked up on this night out。

 on a night out with my friends， I might be a lot more calm chill。

 but I'm trying to pull up a bunch of guys here。 So I've got to break their thinking patterns and scramble them and get them to have new thinking patterns。

 That's I'm doing to you guys here in this hot and you feel how long from open to the hot dog They take me。

That was too good How long it that really like what three seconds， two seconds， five seconds。

 whatever it was， right Okay， so now why am I able to do that because I'm pushing the gas down？

🎼Right， the gas is pushed down。 What you did was you went over there and you're like rationalized。

 rationalized， rationalized， rationalized， right， I'm just like， hot dog。 Okay。

 so the basic frame is like， I could say my friend is a hot dog。 And it's like。Wait。Hey， my friend。

 man， my friend is actually a hot dog。 Yeah， no， my friend is this is my buddy。

 He's literally a hot dog。 Yeah， hug this hug the hot dog。 you okay。So again， it's like。

🎼You know how does that even make any sense， And I got to be careful with teaching this because I'm not trying to encourage guys to run around saying stupid shit like this。

 Okay， like you know， like the RSD thing iss now guys running around。

 saying their friends or hot dogs iss to make a point It's to provide contrast to the social conditioning that people think like you've got to say this。

 You've got to say that you don't Let me ask you a question Do those girls have the right to say no。

Absolutely yeah， so why not give them that right， don't take it personally if they。

They're not into it， they have the right to not be into it here open。不是。poundund it。

Try walking with her。Hurry。Hurry。牛て。他我的人爷的钱。Okay， so yeah again。

 what's getting you is purely just the gas issue Hey How good I miss you What's your name Im sorry Oh？

Oh Thanks that's pretty sweet name this is my meet you guys nice to meet you properly after our little matrix it was a little bit an adventure What was my name。

Don't know it。We're not going to make out orange， no， we're not。That's in my mom's basement only。

Only in my mom space when we're going to do that。You got to get out of that。

 we're going to have fucking meatloaf。Weed and porn and X corn like out of a can。

I like the idea every night I eat you the corn and my mom。

What do you think of that idea Are you ready to elo That's not it's not your childhood fantasy like when you were a little girl you didn't imagine was like corn out of a can in a basement like piggyback like this like this watch no no。

 piggyback。Pigggyback， I didn't mean to watch this I can， I'm drunk。Whoa， her song is showing。

I'm taking your I'm taking your sister to my mother's basement How much approaching have you done in your life before tonight me Yeah lot how about you？

how are you Okay， how are you finding just like hammering it like this。

 How much have you done in your life。呃。600， 600 approaches。So already， when you're seeing here。

 you should be going into attack mode。 your brain should be going to。Open， right。

 So you see them walking Oh， making every fucking bullshit excuse， right， they're leaving。

 I don't have to open。 What's stopping you from freakricking running them down。

 You guys should already be thinking， fuck this fucking show to Owen， run them down。

 You shouldn't be running them down right now。 You should be running them down right now。

 You don't see that。 look what you did。 There's your stick point。 Run， See how he did it。

 run physically run， Not this fast walking， Why did I say that。

 Do you remember what I said earlier about being responsive at home most people are in this kind of sheet mode。

😡，Most people it's like feel like， well， she's， she's ahead now。

 That means I don't have to take another rejection。

 and it wouldn't be my fault because she's well ahead， really。 Well。

 if your entire family was about to get like thrown in a lava pit。What would you do， bro。

 You'd do a little jog， You'd do a little brisk jog and you'd go talk to her。

 So a lot of what success with women teaches is life skills about finding solutions to problems。

 I definitely had no ability as a problem solver。When I was younger compared to now。

 as a younger guy， my problem solving skills were a lot lower。

 but I love success with women because there's all these dynamic moving situations。

 and you have to find solutions a problem。 Watch what I do here afterwards and how I find a solution to a problem that they struggle with is kind of neat。

 And， and， and when you see me doing this， realize that I don't care if I meet these girls or not。

 It's the fun of solving the problem。😊，What did you do， You try to avoid and avoid avoid。

 you made every excuse why oh they're walking。 It's not my fault。 They're getting away。

 but yet they caught them。 It's irrational。 It's not that running after them is necessary。 It's not。

 right， It is absolutely not to turn after them。 I mean。

 you can get through life running after girls， But there's difference to doing exercises to expand yourself in this versus just a regular daily life on regular daily life。

 I'm not running down every girl I'm out of my friends or going about my life。

 But if you're here to expand yourself or push yourself Why not just actually run them down。

 I'm making the distinction between a night out of working on your skill set versus a regular night out in life。

 And while it could certainly certainly be argued that they should be one and the same。

 I do feel that on something like， I mean， tell me if you guys agree on a boot camp。

 you're there to be stretch right， So let's push it， You know， if I'm out with my buddies。

 we're gonna stretch ourselves， let's push it。 doesn't mean I need to the street know a regular night out But why not push it on a big night What's that。

 What city。I got a new bed from Massachusetts like fucking five bars。Got it。 Well。

 that's why we moved to big cities to practice game。 And then in small cities。

 we enjoy social circle game。 I used to live， I used to live in Kingston， Ontario， small， small city。

 probably  three or four bars。😊，I'd go to Toronto three hours up the street。

 and then I'd use those skills within social circle when I came back to school。

 see the same girls again and again， wouldn't say carefully， but I'd say not being an idiot。

You know what I mean， because the problem is， if you get in that mindset of， oh。

 I'm gonna to see them again after pussy foot， then you actually get more rejections than if you just went crazy。

 funnyny， know it's actually paradox。 if you're like， well， it's a small town， every approach counts。

 Ive got to be careful。 They'll all go bad。 So still pimp it。 But at the same time。

 you couldn't do a lot more social circle stuff。 See the same people again and again。They're in。

 yeah， so why aren't you in？Because they were there first。You had a head start on him。

I you had head start on？对呀。Do you know what your run looked like， It looked like this。

 you tried first you didn't do it， and you let him go， Then you did this fast walk and then run。

 right， got you gotta get an attack mold， push down the gas， Only see upside， No downside。

 S it in no arm the。Get the arm。You've got to cr the wave， the emotions are going up like that。

 you got to cr the wave， bang， move， okay， don't be like。So hey。Where are you going？

Who's Im thinking we could fuck later。 How do you think me and you fucking Okay， you don't what。

 that's what you did there See that when you， when you don't lead。

 you're treating the woman with disrespect and like a slut， you're saying。😡，Hey， fuck me。😡。

I know you're a woman。 Figure out a way to fuck me when you don't lead and you don't have a plan。

 that is wildly disrespectful to that woman。 That's ignorant。 Don't treat a woman like that。

 Have a plan when you're out of where you would lead to。😡，To show that girl respect。

 no different than if I came to you guys in a free tour and I'd love you to come to Hose。

 I don't know where the location is。 I don't know what I'm teaching。 I don't know what to expect。

 How do you feel about that。😡，He like， yo that was a cool free tour bro。

You're not coming to me or anything I could work with。 So it's just a matter of respect。

 Leading is a matter of respect。 You're treating You're treating her like a slut。

You're trying to make her be like， yeah， yeah， Where am I going。 Yeah， like that， right。

 Just be like， show something exciting。 put some excitement beyond it。 Crest the waves is up。

 Let go over here。 She already said she wants to eat。 Why shouldn't it be with you。😊。

Why wouldn't it be with you？Re go。Yeah， and then she could be like no， I't want to eat them cool。

Right， right on the cr the wave。 with the crest of the wave is right as a great emotion happens。

 Then you suggest something。 Women typically when meeting a man。

The man suggests something that escalates the situation， she goes within， sees how she feels。

 And if she likes how she feels， she says yes。 So if you put it in a very logical kind of downstate and you say you want to go somewhere。

 She goes within herself。 sees how she feels。 She says， no。

 If you joke and have some good energy and momentum beyond that energy。 and you say， let's go here。

 she'll go in within herself。 She likes the direction of the energy she's going。

 She's more inclined to say， yes， Spike the wave and then go in。 Now。

 look how I yell at these girls and find a solution。 Hey， how come you guys they want to you。

 my friends。Why didn't you want to eat my friends？What they do。No， what do they do bad？They're nice。

If Brad Pitt and Jared Letto came and said， " let's go eat dinner， what would you have said？

What to turn。Hey。Tell the truth。That's a lie too I work 100 hour weeks and you don't have the baggy eyes that I have。

 so you do not work 100 hour weeks。I sleep that little and you look way happier than me and way lower stress。

 I do not believe for one minute that you only work what I'm What happened here is I go spike spike spike So when I yell。

 I it a scary yell or a playful imitation of a yell It's a playful imitation of a yell to increase emotions。

 that allows me to move closer to them because I'm joking。 So as I approach them， they feel good。

 That's called being considerate。 That's called social calibration。 how you explain this。😡。

Okay helicopterter。Why am I doing a helicopter before I'm about to move them？

Uping the emotion before moving them。 It's very rudimentary what I'm doing here。 look。

 This is boot camp game。 It's very short interactions。 Spiky and showy。

 I'm doing it to show the students certain things， I'm doing it to make a point in my regular life。

 I might be a little smoother， More laid back。 other nights I could be crazier than this。

 It really is based on my mood in my choice。 It's up to me。

 but I'm just trying to show them what's possible， I'm trying to reveal social dynamics more than I'm trying to show a longer slower seduction here。

 Are you guys getting some good insights into social dynamics here。 Okay。

 how crazy is this boot camp， by the way。 I've been teaching boot camp since 2002。

 I'm fucking maniac。 Do you guys see why I love boot camp now。 I love boot camp。 It my biggest hobby。

 do you guys see why even though cell developments a $13 billion industry。 And I' gonna crush it。

 I'm like really just like to teach boot camp。 Can you guys see why Do you see how fun this shit is。

 It's my greatest passion。 I love teaching boot camp。 Look at it。

 Let's see Marina see that Marina pizza。 Marina pizza。Just walk to it for two seconds。

 Just walk for two seconds。 They say， yes， lower compliance。 It feels good The two seconds。

 They keep going。 It's like， hey， just get to my email list。 sending you few emails next thing。

 you know you're in hot seat。 It's just a low level compliance。 Keep moving。 This is okay。

 This right here。 I that Marina fucking pizza。 hello， H。You。

 Look at these two hungry girls right here。 We so hungry。

 They are about to buy me some pizza just today。You guys see that shit。

 So now I'm able to eat pizza with him。Find the solution。Me doing that。

 I don't care you would them or not。 It's just showing the students。

That there was a solution and to train them on that way of thinking。 you're an investment banker。

 I'm an entrepreneur。 So you probably you're an okay person。

 Yeah I do it I got on this entrepreneur topic because she said you were 100 hour weeks。

 But that's the only time you've heard me say that all night。 If you have a lot going on your life。

 You don't have to hide it。 but you'd only would bring it up if it makes sense。

 if somebodys gonna challenge me and say they were 100 hour weeks。 I'll talk about my 100 hours。

 But I'm never bring it up proactively。 It's very rare that would come up。

 It could go months before bringing that up investment bank give your number now and have to go one second。

 would like What am I seeing there upside upside upside upside， Why not try。 Why not try。

 Why not try So see you guys like you're going at that like you like go grab mean you a bite。

 I'm not like that It's just like fun。 And then let's go。Like that。

 because what the girl's doing is she's saying not， should I go or not。 She's saying。

 how do I feel What I say， let's go， She says， how do I feel， And she decides by how she feels。

 She's not deciding by， oh， he's tall and good looking。 right， Like I'm bald dude， my hairs gone。

 If she looks at my hair and she's thinking， I dont want to date a ball。

 I have a ballald little baby。 But if I'm making her out fun。 And then I say。

 let's go and lead what's going to happen。 Look what I'm doing。 I'm going good emotions。

 And then I'm saying， let's go。 That's not aggressive because it feels good。

 What I'm doing feels good。 What your guys are doing feels scary。Do you see the difference， Well。

 yeah， but I mean， I hear the difference because you go emotion up and then go。

 it's like if I said to you， let me。Do you want to go do a hike up a mountain right now？ Come on。

 man， hike up a mountain， me and you hike up a mountain。

 Or if like I bring these like devices that start like massaging your feet and massaging you and then like you breathe in this like happy oxygen that just like makes you feel so good。

 And I'm like， just float up the mountain with me。 We're gonna to float up the mountain。 You's like。

P， like that， right， So it's like it's paradoxical is long。 They have to feel really good。

 Youre only， you will only do that kind of thing if they're feeling amazing。

 You don't do it if they're not feeling amazing。 Don't do it。 You only。

 you only go for an escalation when they're gonna say yes， I don't escalate if they're not gonna say。

 yes。 Why would I do that。 Great pickup artist has incredible state control。😊。

RightThey they can control their own mood and then read the book of the Kabalian if you want to learn about that。

 the basic idea is that you control your own mood， you have a center point in your mind of good mood。

 and then you put that good mood onto them。 and then now they're feeling good and then you lead forward And now they're gonna to say I love that guy。

 You're a good guy， You're a fun guy。 You're a cool guy。 you know， as opposed to like。

 so could you want to go right And then your mood is dependent on them。In my mind。

 my night is going on either way， if they don't come with me to the pizza store， does it matter？

Not at all。Okay， there's no downside for you guys， there's a downside because it's like， hey。

 do you want to go and then they can already feel that if they say no to you that。

You're going to be disappointed right that it's a big deal to me it's not a big deal so they're like。

 let's go remember Mac store， PC store。On'm the Mac store， I'm like， here， come play on the internet。

 play on the internet。And then they're like， fuck going to buy this， I'm like， oh， I fuck buy it。

What you guys are doing is the PC store。You want to buy it。 You want to。 You see the difference。

 You can see how success is inevitable。 me is a guy who's not a good conversationalist。

 not naturally good at success of women。 What have I done here， I've removed my excuses。

 and I've made it inevitable。 I do this in every area of my life that I want to succeed。

 I just go 1000 X harder than the next guy， Are you seeing this。

 that you should be learning more than just about game here。

 You should be getting a lifestyle concept， I just going hard。

 Some people call that the 10 X principle。 Go 10 x harder than the next man。

It's not just like some exercise。 You're doing it for your own enjoyment， right。

 So somebody's acting not for their own enjoyment。 People can feel that a mile away。

I dig the sweater combo。I got to go Oh got to go Okay。

 do you want to come to the mission Oh you guys want to join us at the mission？Just think it over。

 we'll be there。开始。😊，So again， it's not creepy because。It's just me having fun， right。

 As soon as I'm not having fun， then as fucking creep me dude， people that care。 like。

 why are you going up to somebody like。😡，Fuck it not， for your own enjoyment or not， you know， right。

 So they feel that， right。 So for me， like， you're actually a more classically attractive guy than I am。

 And you have more hair。 But why is it that， What's the energy that they're getting off me， right。

 So it's not about。😡，It's not about impressing them。 It's not about living up to their standards。

 It's just about control your own state。 Put that onto them。Okay， but the thing is。

 don't have any breaks。Okay， like no breaks down。 All gas。 all gas。 right， Okay。

 when you guys see me in front of speech， I'm like， Hey， bo， like that right， It's all gas。

 There's no break on。 That's why I can speak in a captivating manner of people like my stuff。

 Are you， Hey， boom like that， right， I'm not coming to the audience like， is this good right。

 Like 1 ft on the gas，1 f on the brake。 It's all。Upside， upside， upside， upside。 Look。

 can you have the same vibe and energy without being like high energy energy。 No。

 it's not about copying my vibe or my energy。 My energy varies night tonight。 Every night。

 my energy is gonna be different。 No night is the same， never。It's not about， don't copy my energy。

 Now you're being me grosss copying somebody else。 Now， it's not about that。

 It's about the principles that are behind it。 If you're just trying to copy me。

 you're still just trying to get an agenda。The only thing to copy about me is I want to feel good。

 like how Owen feels good。 I want to be free， how On's free， whatever is your version。

 that's your version。 Maybe that's a chill version。😊，You see him s here？It doesn't like。

 it could be anything。 But if I did chill， I wouldn't be able to do that。 He， yeah， I can do that。

 chill。 I can do that。 not open my fucking mouth oftentimes， not even open my mouth。

 not even open my mouth。😡，I wouldt even open my fucking mouth， dude， I pull girls。

 not even opening my fucking mouth， not even one word。😡，Okay， tongue down her throat。

 not a fucking word out of my mouth。 Okay， you're going to see different vibe out of me every night。

 different vibe out of every hot sea clip。😡，So don't look at the surface。

 you got to dig deeper to the perfect seat。Yeah。You're amazing， you're beautiful。

 I'm ready to settle down。With him， Yeah， okay， Well， I are you Persian， No， I'm a Syrian。 As Syrian。

 I get it all the time。Have you heard of Assyrians before， Okay， good for you， you know。

 Canadian Okay， I've heard of Canadians before。You have， I love you so much right now。

Who are you here with， who are your friends here？My girlfriend is waiting in line and in the bathroom。

Story of our lives。 We grill the bath of。 I know I know taking large shits while hiding it from guys。

Guys don't believe in girls taking。 I now you see how cute we are， Are we cute。

 There is a couple How cute， How cute are we， I'm so sorry cute super cute， The beard loving it。

 dude， we're gonna have the best bearded daughter you've ever fucking seen。I already put it in。

So this will be small of my see。 getn What's name。Yes， you are awesome。 That is awesome。

 He says so authentic。 Okay， so look at the process orientation here。 So we worked our way in。

 we started with。😊，A girl who is maybe a little larger than we like。 Then we went to。

I can't even remember at this point， but， you know， different ones that were maybe not optimal。

 I wasn't expecting to see a pretty girl there。 And now I got a nice， beautiful girl in there。

And and we get that because we， we just see upside， see upside， see upside。

 And then it's a procession。 So do you remember when I said baking a cake。

Do you remember when I said baking a cake。 So how do we bake the cake there。

 We don't think I'm not going to do this one because of this。 I'm not going do because of that。

 What did we lose by just doing quick open， Nothing。

 But what happens is now you've got a girl buried into the deeper in there。 that most guys。

 How many guys are gonna walk in straight cold。 Like heaven talk to anyone in like a week。

 And then you just be like， like jump out of the shadows， right， So it's like you。

 you're continually putting your mind into that mode because in these tricky situations where your mind's gonna load you with excuses。

 You won't have an excuse and do it。 Whoa whoa whoa， What is that。Oh dad。Is this your girlfriend？No。

 oh， then how do you guys know each other。s a nice guy。 What's that， How do you guys know each other。

 We went to college together。 Oh， that's cool。 I just talking you to her。 So， yeah。

 So you can be just like shove and shit like that。 That's not cool， right。

I don't give a shit if you exist。 breathe， breathe， breathe。 Everybody breathe。 Okay， fuck yourself。

 don't I'm provoking him to blow himself out。 I'm getting him to act up。 So blow himself out。

 I'm also hyper aware of if he'll strike。 I'm not just something like， yeah like that， right， I'm。

 I'm saying it。 But and while I look loose， I'm very aware that I may have to like back up。

 the thing of fighting is like。For a guy to land a square hit to really damage you is harder than you think。

 Don't make the mistake of going getting your head kicked in， doing dumb shit like this。

 Okay if you've never been in fights or if you're getting in there with somebody who could really hurt you。

 get out。 But if you know that it's just some drunk guy and you're 100% sure that like let's say that that guy tries to hit me if I move a bit。

 look I don't think I could waited a fight against that guy， I'm a 36 year old man。

 I'm not out there kicking ass every day。 but。😡，I mean， if we're being real， right。

 like if I tell you like stand up。😀Like， don't， don't clock me。 But if I tell you to try to hit me。

 like， like， okay， just try。 Okay， like to land like for me， like， look， like。

 try it like stop me like， to land it， like for me to like。😡，You see， like you。

 I don't mean y'all get too real here。 but but you see them saying， okay。

 he did give me a hand there， okay。That'd be crazy video if I got knocked out。

Like to get like that guy， if he got a square hit on me， I could be dead， Okay。

 but I'm aware enough that even if he got a really good hit。Life is risk。

 so you have to assess what's good for you because I'm hesitant to show this because out of the thousands of people that might watch this。

 if one guy got hurt。😡，Was it right to show that？I don't know， because。

I don't want to train guys to be pussies and walk right in fear。But if one guy got hurt。

 I would regret it。 So I don'， I don't really know the answer。 The point is。

 you've got to know where your limit is。 I grew up in Canada。 There was a lot of scuffles。

 So I'm pretty inclined for that。 But if you're not， then take it easy。

 people make choices about the degree of risk to which they want to take。

 And you everybody has to make a choice that works for them in an educated way because even crossing the street。

 you can get hit。 So， and there's no right， like everyone wishes there's this perfect answer but there's not。

 So you just got to decide how you want live for me。😡，The way I am， certainly。

 if I think a guy's bond， I get out， if I think the guy's a poser。I'll play a little bit。

 but I'm aware， and I don't just fully turn my back on him if my friends will have my back， Got it。

Having our time with this？Okay， swing sure。 you had a bit of like you're like， Like， where's my line。

 Yeah， always go a little less in your line。 Okay， go a little less in your line。

 what's that Never in like 15 years。 Oh， no， in my 13th year。

 I got two different cheap shots put on me in one year is weird。Back in the head。

 both girls had approached me， and I just talked to them， and both guys did tell me。

 Both guys hit me as hard as I kept from behind。 I couldn't see。 I turned them。😡，What's up dude。

 And they got real scared。They got real scared。 but I， but I was actually terrified。 I was like one。

 I'm like， I can't even see one more hit。 And I'm， I'm dead， but being like。

 oh and running away is not gonna help。 So I'm just like， what's up dude And they're like， whoa。

 I'm like， okay。😰，Yeah。And they're like， whoa， play that。 hit have a little dignity。

 But maybe one of these days dude， I don't know。 Quince instance， both those girls approached me。

It was choke husbands that didn't like that their girls were getting attracted and came to me。

 and they went into fear， deep fear and reacted。 So be aware。Do you want to know why it happened。

 why do you think it happened in both cases on Girl to approach me？Because they approached me。

 my guard was down because I thought， well， shit they approach me。

 but normally what was the question you asked earlier。

 why am I always a little bit aware of what's up？So after that， I learned， just always be aware。

 Don't be afraid。 Just be aware。 Alpha males are aware what's going on yeah。

Just right here when you saying you're like provoking to that for maybe I can get back into girl It is It absolutely is watch。

Okay yeah， no I do I mean， I'm chatting right know， It' a pleasure to meet。

 How do you a very nice person。 drunk。 He come， okay you man Okay， That's cool。 meet a one second。

I'm sorry， my friend was all like。But was he how did he describe his behavior？Protective， protective。

 I like that。 What is it 510， What's your name？That was my dog's name。Good。

 I meant nothing by that It's a common beautiful。 Thank you up later。 Yeah about that， dude， I'm。

It's a pleasure night。that's kind of funny， by the way。 just like what we're talking about。

 is' like for that dude， he's probably been hovering around her for how long It it's the biggest deal in the world。

 He turns it back for two seconds。 And now I've got her number。 What does that mean， right。

 that's what happens when you don't learn success of women。

 And there's just this huge downsize that you could lose the girl at any second in your trip out。

 I've got to be coming from a frame of abundance to me。

 that number is like one in a million pulling the girl not a big deal for hit is his entire world。

 So I want guys to actually be able to experience life at the fullest not be stuck in that kind scarce。

 That's what I'm passionate about this。 Some just keep in mind。 Also。

 notice how attack mode go for it right， I'm not thinking like， oh my God， is this bad。

 What's gonna go wrong， I'm thinking， how can I make it happen right， that dude Wars overec。

 But I'm back in there。 number done。 Promotion orientation。 folks on what could go right。

 but be aware of what's going on。 calibrates the situation。s how you went out on top。Waiy， miss。Hi。

Can I have to for me。No， who are you I'm Lily what's your name On Owen Yeah nice meet you Like how when I did my hug there I gave you a second to see it。

And then yeah， so see if you were somebody who like if I thought that you wouldn't do it。

 then probably what I would do is I just be like this。 I boom like that。

 like what I would do is I would emotionally with it Okay。

 not scared Like I'd emotional spike you with a joke to get you laughing And then I go boom as you're joking and it would feel good So because it feels good。

 you would be like why not right because you're in your decision making process。

 He'd be like that feels good like that nice to meet you too pleasure he would have allion I kid。

I do。But now you're my only friend。She upgraded。 Yeah， see I like No， it's true。 You're like。

 you will be my best friend and my soulmate。No right here。Yeah。😊，I'm the guy now。

 I'm the sausage with feet that got plugged into the situation。え？So I'm taking me home with you。

 I'm too shy， so I'm trying to take me home with you， I'm too shy。

stop dragging me back to your house I'm so shy I don't even know like so what's your name shy guy Owen Owen？

Where do you forwardI live in Los Angeles don to take you home while I live in LA you live in LA what are you doing in I'm just busy my friends and you and you。

I know you can't visit because you don't know me damn it。It's an unfortunate reality。

so you just came here for the weekend when I well then come back and visit me where time you come where here Francisco okay。

 that's where I live in San Francisco。Okay， my car your car， I don't know if I can get in your car。

 I'm kind of shy， I can't get in my car which was it you're just walking me to like to your car。

 which car is it？Oh， okay， that's a cute car。It's her so son， it's her hi there。

I like your car she's like you got to come home I'm like， whoa， I'm shy， I'm always shy Okay， well。

 thank you for walking me the car。You're so muscular， I love it。 What's your name again， remind me。

Okay， one sec。What's your number，4，1，5。Okay。I'll just call you。I type that in my thing。All right。

 nice to meet you Eln Good night I hope you'd find in San Francisco I do。

And go try to get laid I will not try to get laid Why not what's up Why not but I'm trying to get laid that I'm getting in this car。

Hi there。What's that we're ons in here Can I just see what it feels like to hop in。

 I won't get in just because your friends in the front， you know？star car that's kind of cool。

I feel kind of shiny here。Before we kidnap you， I can't hear you。

 what do you say No you can get out before we kidnap you shake？S is。Shake， shake， sit two seconds。

 just for two seconds， just let you know， just for two seconds sit me that's okay。Why am I driving？

drive， I am just saying， why by the one driving me because you're the responsible one。Okay。

Just close the door for two seconds I did close the door？H， I love you。Now you can adopt me。

 I can adopt you。Where do you come from originally？Originally I am from South Africa Oh。

 I've been there， Cape Town Johnsburg Kruger Park was wondering I met FW De Cl I have I promise you have。

Most people in the street don't even know FW to clerk his at a private conference where he was trying to get people to donate money truth alsomonra Do you know Amanra？

今们先怎去啊。How long我再走。It's pretty recent。Now， I know you buying for sure。Well， it was 2006。

I view that as recent， though。That is not missings。Almost a decade ago。So that miss has been named。

 so I was born the almost。Oh okay， stop here， stop， stop stop， stop。

 I'm going to jump out to my friends。Perfect， I'm going to call you， pleasure to meet you too。

 by the way， even though she's the one I'm attracted to。I think you're quite lovely as well。Okay。

 thank you very much just ready to just just got to run back to my boot camp all right night Vi。

 good night， I'll call you。So right there， what you could actually see。

Is an example of just seeing the upside right， And we'll start heading back to boot camp right here。

 We're focusing on where the upside is， right， So you see me hopping there。And it's just like， oh。

 you know， I'll hop in your car。 Oh， you can't come my car。 My friends there she'll judge me。

 just hop in the back for two seconds。 okay， hop in the back for two seconds。 Hey。

 just hop in the car。 Why doesn't she want to hop in the car because she doesn't want to look slightly to a friend。

 then it's like oh just hop in the car for two seconds。

 but she doesn want to close the door She looks slightly to friend。 Okay。

 just close the door for a sec。 And then hey， it's not my fault。 He just tell me what to do。

 She just starts driving like that。 who would ever expect that to happen Well I wouldn't expect that to happen myself。

 but it does all the time。 We got to be focusing on the upside one sec like this one sec。

 what it's happening in the world。always focusing？As we walk backwards filming on the upside。

 what's that so okay， what I'm basically explaining。

 most guys are focused on the downside of things right they're fear based but most people kiss kiss two seconds I just no then on the cheek。

Hey wasn't your fault computer good night。So the very。嗯。That was not her fault， by the way。

She's a very good girl。We always want to focus upside， upside the fun part， right。

 and it doesn't mean to do something like crazy thing that you shouldn be doing。

 but the basic general idea is， if you just think what could go right， never know could happen。

 don't get an argument they're just trying moving here。Ask her where she's going。

 The two other students have pulled。 We have a total of three students。

 two have been coached the poll and this is the last guy。

 So have you seen the challenges that he's had and how he's evolved over the night。

 So on boot camp is three days And what we want to do is get a lot of momentum with them and get him to poll tonight。

 So you can see how in a boot camp， these lessons keep building and building and building。

 That's why a lot of people， they report boot camps is being such a good experience。

 But you could also see too， how if you're not ready to really learn this stuff that boot camp could be like a funny experience。

 but you don't necessarily get anything。 or other people might not connect with the way that I'm teaching and hate the program。

 Could you see like a program that's intense。 why some people who could even dislike it So's it's like people who love it。

 love it people who hate it， hate it。 But at least if you ever thinking of taking a boot camp now。

 you know what it looks like。 they're all different， Of course。

 But the idea being that you're continually working。

with you to keep pushing you and making little small distinctions and getting closer and closer to the types of mentalities that we're learning about here。

 Now， what I love about hotse is that you can watch it here and you can get these lessons right from your chair。

 But what that means that is's up to you to go out and kick ast， you guys gonna do that。Okay， good。

 don't get an argument I're just trying moving her。Ask her where she's going。what that holds。

there's a really cool after party。 Come on please。 you know grab a number Trade numbers。

 Trade numbers want me me yours trade numbers， Give me your number。 Okay， It's okay。 It's okay。

 I'm not part of Where are you headed it off to right now， by the way。

 friend do you see how what he's like kind of a little bit tentative。 I try to be more proactive。😊。

I'm trying to bring him back to proactiveness。 I'm trying to sync him mentally to proactiveness。

 So as he sees how I'm doing it， he'll shift in this behavior to productivity。

 Where are you headed to Im going go。😡，That way over the hill over the hill。 Okay。

 well you can walk her 10 feet and then just let her go to be polite。I can be a gentleman。

Do make it your number no， do it because I can do it。H doing good good。It。い。は。No。は。You。や人。It。And。

You guys have been sweaty。I told you how the time to get my penis。やりま。That's the rich thing。要。は。这用了。

そね。I long。这个。What'。何是。好的。あ。I we are living。Yeah。YeahYeah。Yeah。好。東京。课程后续完整更新联系阿姆微信70075683。Yeah。Wow。我。

ラさ。が一番。あり。Not like where are you going， what are you up to， it's your reality。Okay。是来。

Sha it might the only one to share， stop me。お前めルで。No， I mean it's a really good。よ。あて。まさい。It's。

 they're like。你一。こ。唔该 there。も。Yeah， thank。Thank you' the phone。

 you know what it means with technology and everything。 like you can't allow your phone to do the。😊。

I'm the only person that has。The old phone like that， Where do you come from Oh。

 you have the same thing too。 I do。 I'm from Kentucky， really。Hi there， How about you。

Where are you from。Canada， I grew up。I feel kind of cool let's this way。

 now there's no guy at the back。可以。I'm leading the way。Great， good leading， good meeting。

It putting a little flashlight up to make sure it looks good for you at home。

People always to trip him when they see like little things like you're pulling with a flashlight on。

 it's impossible， it's not impossible。Try it， stop commenting and get out here， try some shit。

 you'd be amazed what you learned。That's Paul。知道。How do you feel， I mean， I want make I want to make。

 you know， we're like cool and everything。 I know you can do it。

 I know you can do Come on I get very excited for the students。 I don't know if you guys can tell。😊。

It's like my kids。My babys gonna lose his virginity tonight。 Do want an Uber van。 We can do a van。

 You want to do Uber van。Let's do this one， hey， sir。Perfect。See there in a second。Yeah。Yeah。到。S。

 is that3 for3。 come here， that's pretty amazing。 Okay， do you know what 3 for three means。

 It means there's no students。 Okay， pop， okay， pop quiz。

 are we bad instructors right now who basically have， you know。

 just left our students or all of our students currently having sex。Take your pick。

 what's the answer having so yeah。Two pulled about 45 minutes ago and you just put one in a van right now。

Instead of being at home。Have you ever considered that you could be in a van on your way to have sex？

Just thought， or see' can't just get， okay。哇死啦。Yeah。😊，And I get very excited for students。

 I get excited。 And you have to understand that for me。

 I hope that what you saw here today is something where you're realizing that for me， this is。

 it's not about casual sex or hooking up about girls。 I think it's cool to do that。

 And now that experience。 But do you notice how even when the cab goes by。 I just see and I react。

 that's my passion。😊，That's what I love about success of women。

 I like the dynamic responsiveness to it， how it wakes you up。

 how it gets you to see things coming in and then reacting to it in a way that's powerful and effective。

 So the lessons that you learn through this。😊，It's a dynamic， morphing。

 moving environment where you can master some of the most powerful and important principles that have existed for thousands of years。

 And its hear my voices going here， I commit it so hard this weekend。

 But the idea being my wish for you is not just to like crush it with girls that you're gonna do if you do this night in and night out。

 Is there any way that if you did this for a couple years。

 you wouldn't get the results you want with women。 Is there any way that could happen， I mean。

 like could you really do this， Do you now see out of all the people who are like。

 I tried to meet girls and I couldn't do it。 And I'm like， you're not gaming。 And they're like， no。

 I'm。 I'm like， you're not。 That's like the little pink barbells。 You're like I gaming。

I'm lifting bro。I'm kniting bro。 No， you're not lifting。 Okay。

 go find that big jack st line that's like。I'm the jack guy。 I'm like，Right， like in my mind。

 I'm ridiculous。 I'm a ridiculous， silly man who has grown up terrified of approaching women。

 I've grown up with social anxiety， grown up in pain， in fear， getting mocked。 And it was hard。 Okay。

 it fucking sucked to be honest。 It fucking sucked decades。😡。

Of social isolation gets you to a point looking like me now where I'm like， do it。 do it。

 right like that shit。 you see that。 That's what it is。 And by the way， when I joke with pimp it。

 you guys realize I use the word pimp as a joke to contrast that I'm a short pasty balding ginger。

 Do you guys get that。 I'm like theimp ginger man。 Okay。

 that's not like I'm like pimp it like for real like actual actual pimping that's something very different than what I'm doing。

 Okay， okay， I I'm ginging。 Okay， I'minging。 ging。 okay， it's a joke。

 It's it's it's a hilarious selfreential joke that I'm a balding ginger with light level autism who just powers his way through it through she willpower。

 Okay so if you witness anything here today。 I hope that what you saw。😡。

Was a lot of theoretical principles you've heard about maybe watching videos。

 But I hope more importantly， that what you saw here was a in meeting me in person and coming here live。

 you can get your questions answered。 and you can feel my energy in person。

 You guys find being here live was interesting meeting me in person。 Okay。

 interacting with me feeling the energy with me。 So that's why you come here live。

 Did you guys enjoy doing the exercises live here in person。 That's me， right。

 doing it with the team live in a big group。 So that's a transformational experience。

 being here live。's a wonderful thing。 for anybody that ever watches this video home。

 Do you guys recommend them to come live as well。😊，Yeah， it's sick， right， It's really fucking sick。

 So you come here life to see that。 But even beyond that。

 I hope that what you saw is an example of somebody who had everything going against them to say。

 I can't succeed with girls。 And who said， you know what。

 I'm going create a method that works for me。 Maybe you're gonna have。 No。

 not maybe you're gonna to have a different method that works for you。😡。

You're going to because as you keep going out， you're gonna get a sense more of what is your sweet spot。

 And you'll know what works for you。 But is this here a good starting point to at least get out there and mix it up。

 How do you feel about this as a starting point to really start taking your journey to another level as a good platform from which to build。

 What do you think So what you have here is a great starting point。

 where you can really take it to another level。 And as time goes on。

 maybe you'll have phase where you're more chill。 Maybe you won't be hitting everything or chasing down cs。

 That's fine。 Nobody's saying that you have to do that。

 But you're also seeing a sense that at times in your development where you do want to stretch yourself。

 you now have a very clear model of how to do that。 You've seen me。 I'm a regular， I'm human。

 You don't want to talk too much。 My voice goes out when I go out too much， I get tired。

 you're seeing me here， I'm just pushing it， But I'm trying to inspire。 My students there。

 They're in passivity。 And I'm trying to inspire them out of it。

 I'm trying to scramble those old thought patterns。😡，Of social conditioning and pull them out。

 just like with the exercises that we did earlier today， they're a little wacky。

 but I'm trying to scramble old thought patterns and pull them out for you。

 So what we did here today with the exercises。And then in watching video is actually getting a really cool sense of how to get rid of those patterns and bring in new ones of your own design。

 If nothing else， I hope that you were inspired by saying， hey， you know。

 maybe what this guy did is exactly what I want to do。 Maybe it's a little different。 Like I said。

 I game in a different solve night。 This is just one night。 But you're like， damn。

 that guy figured out something that work for him。 I'm gonna take those principles。 Take that。

 which works for me。 discard that， which that which does not after testing it thoroughly。

 not just thinking what what would work in what doesn't。

 but actually testing it and creating something truly your own。 Okay。

 that's that's Bruce Leeji Kondo。😊，🎼Okay， I'm at the event here I've given you guys everything I got。

 Can you guys see that， I've given you everything I've got， Okay， here to give you today。

 So that's why my voice going out。 So what I hope that you leave with is just just realizing， damnn。

 that guy， that guy didn't just sit there being passive and complaining about his predicament。

 He said， fuck it and he took fucking action and found a way to get a result。😡，🎼开始。🎼你。

got to go I love that you dish your friends from me， by the way， about you。🎼你那边。

What we're teaching you is like presence offer value， I'm not trying to take anything from her。

 I'm not， there's no downside。🎼Don't let them see that。Shit Tim。

 Tim just say your mother fuck pimpimp。蛋儿。go where are you headed off you right now you have to I can't go with you。

 I'm too shy this one here， Who owns her？Who owns this one？Oh and I thanks that's pretty sweet Whoa。

 her song is showing how is this phone call going， great yeah。I'm a shy。

 she's trying to take me on guys it's kind of weird Yeah， I just came now was kinky。

We're going to have the best bearded daughter you've ever fucking seen。

If Brad Pitt and Jared Letto came and said， " let's go eat dinner， what would you have said？

They're in， yeah， so why aren't you in？Gioi。You want to Uber van it， let's do this one， hey， sir。

Yeah。Okay。🎼谢。🎼Oh。No。Ddge it！Crush it。