# 10、泰勒 《热座》：03.进化：03. 优质实战 - 弱点的力量【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，🎼By。Okay， I'm going to teach you guys right now how I have to be one of my greatest second points。

 Who here for all this fucking game shit really just wants to fall in love。

 And you tell yourself you're in a game， but really just wanted me to grow to connect with。

 Does anybody you ever feel that experience that。😡，Okay， I do big time。

 One of the reasons I'm so much like game， game， game， game， game is because in my experience。

 when you allow yourself to be vulnerable like that with a girl who you barely know。

 you wind up getting blown out， taking advantage of destroyed by scruber and nastier little shits who are just in complete abundance and don't give a fuck。

 And all this work that you do。 You're like， you know what， I'm gonna become this great guy。

 I'd love to offer。 don' gonna to be the complete package and some little dip shit。 that's just like。

 I'm a pimp。 I'm a mother bug and pimp。😡，He comes and fucks your girl。Now， that being the case。

 I'm always saying game， game， game， because I don't want to get stuck in that fucking rut。

 So what you're gonna to see here is when we meet a girl。 and I really like her。

 and I'm really connecting。 And then she goes home and fucks some slime bag。 Now， after that。😡。

I get smacked back in reality。 Du， is' just about being centered within yourself。

 You don't have to like go to this person and like。

 bear your fucking hard and sleep someone you don't even know。 The truth is， look。

 if you had 20 girls， would you be wandering around falling in love with the first girl you met。

 just because she's cute。 No， it's when you're in abundance。

 The reason that women don't get feelings as easily as men。😡，It's not because men are women。

 It's because they're just in more abundance， Usually， hot women usually have more options。

 They're just more an abundance。Who here has ever had like 5， six girls you're seeing。

 And it's almost impossible to get an immediate crush on a girl。It's funny， right， like。

 it inoculates you to it。 Well， girls feel that all the time。 So when you get a crush too quick。

 you're showing lower status。 Now， what's funny is when you are getting all the girls。

 all of a sudden， all these girls get crushes on you。

 I could read text messages to you guys that would scare you。 It would。

 It would rattleute your bones。 Girl who I've broken up with。And I ignore。

 and they'll text me for like months or years later。 And then're like。

 you're the only guy can fall in love with these girls who are smoking hot。

 You're the only guy I can ever love。 No other guy can mess up。 But I was like， girl。

 I dated you like three fucking times。 We hooked up a couple times。

 You're still in love with me years later， why。Their DNA is just saying， get the guy the abundance。

 He rejected you。Go meet out with them try to get pregnant by him。That's all it is。

It's not even like， I've been so cool to girl。 I told her that we're not exclusive。

 I told her that I'm not interested， but because of that， they chase。

 all these other guys are acting all sweet。 How I'm gonna to act on this girl here。

And then I'm the one guy who's just having fun doesn't care seeing other girls。And then she chases。

 I'm not saying that you have to come from some negative Wo mindset。

 I'm not trying to paint a dark picture。 I'm not trying to be jaded。 Rather。

 why don't we view it in a positive way。 Be yourself， Be a man， Be one of the boys， Have fun。

 meet some girls。 let them figure it out if they want to chase you。

 And then if they do and you like her。 you can up as opposed to pursuing and。Cherishing and all shit。

 And then you drive her away。 So watching me drive a girl away while she goes to fuck some other dude。

 I learn the lesson， I go back into abundance， and then I pull。

 And this is a lesson that I had to learn and relen and relearn。😡，I love being a relationship。

 the way that I get relationships， which way do you think it is A？I'm not seeing anyone。

I'm meeting nice girl。We connect。We fall in love。 I'm trying to stay with my I've been teaching for so long。

 My voice is cracking out me， okay。Is that common or B， I'm just staying a bunch of different girls。

 I'm having fun。Really great one comes along。And she's like， who are you seeing。What are you to me。

 I'm like， you know what， let's be exclusive。Or maybe I just tell her I really into her and I'm exclusive。

 But it's， again， it's coming from such a non needy space。

 I always get my best girlfriend when I'm seeing other girls。

 So sometimes when you get slapped across the fucking face。 and really。

 you slapped your damn self across the face。 Okay， that girl doesn't owe it to you anything。 Okay。

 but when you slap like like you slap yourself across the face， you get re remindedminded。

 look in the same way， if some girl was really overweight。And you know， she's like。

 but I love you like， hey， I love you too， but this scroll here is more attractive。

Abundance is attractive to women。 So watch how I can connect with this girl。 I try to work my way in。

Doesn't go anywhere。 And then how that impacts me on the next set。 next time that you do this。

 because you will do it。Use it for the win and not to become better， bitter， become better。

 not better。Did you just come from this like kickass restaurant。那。

I said did you just come from this kick gas restaurant over here Oweno where do you come from where are you going this？

That is my friend。 kick thing I have to go。Let啊。I love Swiss people really You're very neutral where you from I'm from Canada originally Canada I live in Los Angeles Oh I'm sober too。

 but I just think you're beautiful， I'm sorry， I'm sorry that I'm meeting you like four in the morning mangoes。

Stone sober， though， I've drank no alcohol tonight。 too。 Who are you here with。With friends。

1 is there。You have a bunch of girls with you？T girls。Three girls。

 Do you know my best friend is Swiss。 His names Julianne。

Jian Bc and he's here somewhere I think he's at the sandwichery right now In me to walk with you。

Just say walk with me。Okay， like this。Good， how old are you， by the way， you looking young6 shut up？

You don't believe me no。Yeah you're 16， yeah that's why I talk to you。No， you 24。

 Where are your friends at there up here。 You're going introduce me to your friends。 Yes。

 friend introduce say I'm Hello， Yes， another man。 Canada so。 I know。 I mean I'm the world's man。

 never have I mean， know It's like a genetic defect。 Okay， make Well。

 I'm not to I'm trying to talk to I'm not trying to make a room party in the room。 to with the guys。

 want to room Let me tell you something， okay。😊，I'm trying to get to know you for real。Yeah。

Is that okay excuse me。Why would you say that I don't know you're fucking gorgeous。

 you're super cool you don't know me I think I do No you're a big fucking bitch。Are you really？

Because you have trouble controlling your emotions so you get all fucking mean What do you？

You my do I seem like a confident， nice man？Do I seem like a confident nice man，I am。

What do you do for work。WhatWhat do I do for work Can you guess Yes。

 but I don't know the English word what just explain。So how sweet is this girl？

Really there's the language barrier though。 There is， but it's irrelevant。

 You can fucking tag these girls like you don't even understand they're on vacation in South Beach。

 They want to get fucked。 They want to be fucked。 Now， the thing is this。How sweet is she？

I think she looks as sweet as pie。 Girls like this always dupe me into this shitty， stupid game。

 It's so stupid because they appeal to this。 like， you know。

 I can leave the game behind and just go with this sweet girl who likes losers。😊，You know。

 it's like you almost feel like this girl could like like you for your lose yourself self。

 Do you guys ever read thing were like， if a girl would like you for your show to lose yourself。

 then it'd be real because you don't identify with you at your best。

You don't identify with you crushing it。You want her to love you for your loser self because deep down。

 you feel that you're that fucking loser。 And that you're fucking fake。

 So you're wanting her to like you for your loser fucking self。

 So you try to find this other shy fucking do cat So you could be a fucking dork。

 And then you use this dorky game on her because youre it's almost like you don't want good game to work。

😡，You want Cho game to work。 And if Cho game worked， then she'd really love the real you。

 That wasn't the real you。 That's you socially conditioned。 That's you in scarcity。

 That's you under the poison of a lot of bullshit social beliefs that have been pounded into you against your knowledge。

 That's you in low vibration energy。 That's you just stuck。It's not you。

 you is greater in the hot seed exercise today， did you guys feel shifts in yourself？That's you。

 It's not this other you。 So the point is。This is my great sticking point。

 I fall in love with these girls prematurely。But here's I forget。 Let me ask somebody。

 lot of you guys are sweet， shy guys。 Do you like big tities and thin waist and a fucking bomb ass and a tight pussy。

 No， wait a minute， Don't you like a chubby little nerd girl because you're a sweet guy。

You don't want to fuck Megan Fox in her prime。 You want to fuck fat jetny because you're a shy guy。

 You want to shy fat Jenny， right。😡，No takers。Maybe sometimes。 So in the same way。

 this girl can be sweet。 What's wrong with her wanting guys in abundance that are cool。😊。

Is there anything wrong with that， Are we going to judge her for that， She's a big horror。

Don't judge her for that。 So just be cool。Just be cool。Don't try to ruin your game。

 It's not that my game here is bad。 It's fine， but it's just， I Im just， I'm better than this。

 So it's not bad at all， but I'm just better than this。 I care。 I give a fuck。😡。

I've handed my balls in silver platter， even though the game isn't that it's subtle。

 I can be telling you that this is good game。 you probably be seeing good in it。

 you know what I mean it kind of go either way。 But that's why I like to clip because you know that game never is horrible。

 It's just a little off。So that's why I like the clip， explain。3呃。Iy contact。Oh， sorry。Oh I can't。嗯。

A guy who。一侧。The a guy who uses his mind I do use my mind a lot I do Yeah what do you think I do tell me don't what do you do。

 Don't get mad， What do you do。What do you do， you do me， we just met。

 where you're not going to do me？'m trying to get all on me again。 No I can， what do you do。

There's good elements here。 It's like I've been gaming at this point for many years as I when I record this video。

 it's not like it's gonna be horrible。 It's not like it's even that hard to game。

 It's just that while the game is actually in some ways pretty good， there's good elements in it。

 I still really wanted to work with her。I'm not just freely flowing。You know。

 like some of the other videos that you'll see。 I'm just free full。 I don't give a fuck。

 And the girls are just effortlessly into it Here， the girl feels that I care a little bit。

 so she's gonna have her guard up more。 Fun enough。

 Noneiness takes her guard away more than being super nice。😡，Okay。Student no。I don't know。

You use your mind。Everybody should use the mask， you seem very smart。But I don't know what you do。

I work with the office， what kind of office？We do some we are an international business school。Cool。

 that's very cool。You're funny。Yeah。Is that。No。Hello。Shes trying to get you to go to the sex party？

We don want to。In the hotel。Yeah， if they soft me get the pe they hope to pull the ball。三。

I look at do soft。One guy is and they want make a clock in our room of course they want to take you guys those are the guys trying to have sex with you。

 I'm the nice one。You probably just you probably just want them to try to have sex so you don't like me because I'm too nice。

 I'm trying to get to know you and you're like， no， not a sky， go away。

she just likes she's trying to get rid of me because she wants you to go with them。

 Do you understand she wants you to go with those guys because she wants to get fuck by them。

 Do see them saying she does that's why she's because they're good looking and she's not good looking she wants She's on vacation。

 It makes sense's totally fine。 don't I don't care。make。its it secret sauce fish。

 which is like fog in the yellow。😊，工もした。你保さ一保シ。嗯，来的。Can I take you Why do you Okay。

 let let let me talk to you for a second， no no， wait， let me talk to you for a second。 Hey。

 focus on me for two seconds。 ready okay。I sorry I have to take her Are you going。

 Are you leaving me wait phone number Do you want me to call you？No， I leave tomorrow。

 Do you really so you're going to their party。That's why she wants you to go。 My room。 Maybe。

 nice to meet you。 Nice to meet you。s name Owen， You know what。 I want her to choose not to go。😊。

I don't want her。To want to go。Unless she chooses it， it's like not meaningful。

You guys see that because I like her too much。But in reality， it makes no god sense。

 Like what she's gonna choose not to go。 That's stupid。 That's like。

 it's like there's some awesome meal that you guys can go to。 And there's some shitty meal。

 And I'm like， I want you to choose a shitty one。 Otherwise words， you don't look me me is so stupid。

 Any， anyone who ever done that。 We're like， literally， you just。

Braidwash yourself into like bad game because you want the girl to choose you for your loser self。

It's just it's one of our sticking points， so。And then I start kind of begging here。 Now。

 better would be as if I get her laughing， get the friends laughing， dominate the fucking dos。

 pour and go home together。 But instead， I'm trying this fucking week。😡，Weak。Weak。

 whatever the fuck it is。Could you please just trust me and let me take you for some food right now。

 We'll just have like a date。 It'll be fun。 I come to Europe all the time。 Just like a date。

 It'll be fun。 You don't have to You know what， you totally don't have to go with those guys up the。

 It is so awkward。Let me take me take you on a day right now for some food。

 I'm not going to try to I swear of I'm the perfect gentleman。

 I know you're not going to sleep with me。 I'd get it。 Okay， I'm interested in you for real。

 You're fucking beautiful and you're sweet。Look at me， I'm sober。

 They're not some fucking drunk guy trying to fuck you。

 I'm offering to take you out for a real day right now And if you if you want to dish no。

 she's angry because she's trying to get fuck by those guys fine。

 go have fun with them then she gets exactly why。😡，M。Haveapp fun。Enjoy， enjoy。My aim is a big place。

 I'm sure I'll be all right。 Good luck。 That is so healthy。

Why is that that has happened to me hundreds of times in game， maybe thousands。

 Why is that so healthy。You have to be bested。To best others， you have to be bested。

 you have to lose。 losing as part of it。 If you're not having experience like that。

 you're not gaming enough。You're supposed to have guys。Who come in that are more relaxing you。

 chiller than you give， don't give a fuck， not making a big deal out of shit。

 not in this stupid Disney conditioning。😡，But just go kick it with the girls while you sit there in your Disney conditioning and lose。

 Okay， it's important to have that experience。 That guys that are just like， hey， good luck， brother。

 that's happened to me so many times。 just like， hey。L dude。So many times。

 But because I've been on the other end of that， How many times do you think that I've also been the guy that says。

 good luck brother。Well， he's all caught up in his feelings。

 for a girl he doesn't even know because he's in scarcity。 He doesn't have boundaries。

 and he doesn't respect himself。Now， there's a distinction here。 Some guys will say， hey。

 I fall in love with every girl。 I connect with every girl。 I'm not against that。

 but there's connecting and falling in love from abundance and scarcity。

 I'm doing it here from scarcity。 It's getting late。 There's not a lot of girls left。

 I kind of thought she's sweet。😊，Is kind of have one of those weeks where I was feeling a bit needy。

 Look what happened here。Have we all done it？Have we all been hurt by girls that we thought should just love us for our short cells？

Of course。So。That's healthy， we need that medicine。

 but what it does is it pulls the pendulum so consuming in the other way。And。I keep going。

 The key is you don't stop。 You take the lesson。 You keep going a lot of the time when you get pounded for accident。

 like like。Feelings are so important。 I get， I am so vulnerable。

To women who I'm romantically involved with。I get so involved with these girls。

 I think you guys would be tripped out。 Like if you could see videos of me alone with a girl who's my girlfriend。

 the level that we're in each other's head is so raw and honest and loving and vulnerable and sexy。

 And the sex just gets better and better and better for months。 It gets so erotic。😊。

You guys know how I'm whatever I'm going do。 I'm gonna to do it right。

 just like if I'm doing public speaking here thats time'm with a girlfriend。 If you're my girlfriend。

 like， fuck， you think coming to Ho sea is crazy。S be my girlfriend。 It's crazy。 But the thing。

 but the thing is it's like the ultimate hot seed so。😊，So， but it's like。

 but that's with a girl who you're dating other women， you sleep with her。

 she's exceptional and as a gift to her。Maybe you forego other women。But that gift only has meaning。

When you're forgoing the other women， You're like， you know， I've got no women。It's 4 in the morning。

 in an empty street。I'm about to go home and masturbate。

I'm not really in the mood to game because I just wish I could stop this damn gaming and get a girlfriend。

And I give that gift to you。Please。Don't fuck the pimp。😡，That's my gift。 Instead of coming tonight。

 we can cuddle with my impotent cock。That's my gift to you。 My neediness is my gift to you。

 My lack of options is my gift to you。 It's love。That guy doesn't love you like I you don't love her。

 You don't love yourself。Go back into self love and boundaries and enjoying life and reconnect with your masculine core。

 Then you have a gift to give。😊，And does that really mean you got to be fucking all these other girls。

 I don't think so。 I just find that it commonly happens when you are。😡。

I typically meet my girlfriend。Would I have an active sex life。

I typically get girls much less quality when I don't。 You kind of work your way back up。

 But everybody's different。 I'm sure Leota Caprio can hang up， you know。

 the pimp gloves for a bit and quickly score a new Victorias Secret supermodel。 But for those of us。

 mere mortals， going for really high level women。😊。

Usually want to get out there and just meet some regular girls， just start hooking up。

 having some fun， even if you don't have sex， I'm fine。

 but at least be interacting with them and have them around you。

You work here we have to hire elite level girls。 So that's happened。 Now， the great thing。

About that when it happens， it's not that it trains you to be jaded。The only person here jaded is me。

I'm the jaded。Person about myself。Because I'm not focusing on loving myself。

I'm not focused on my own abundance。 I'm not focused on my own joy。 My path as a man。 I'm。

 I'm trying to hand my power to some external person。 That's not respectable or cool。

 So the only thing to be jaded about is that you're a fucking dummy。

 So what it does is it reminds you， hey， you know what。😡。

Just started enjoying fucking life again and I think after this， I just sat down， I went。

 I had little food at this place called Sanwiie， Miami， I just chilled out， I started laughing again。

 and then I saw another set and I went back in from a bit of a better space。

 Not a super strong space。 I don't think what I do here is that impressive。

 but we just notched it up a little bit to a better space。

 and you're gonna see one of the most ball busting girls ever is' very funny to wash。Yeah。

 the power of that social group there was really tough。If I cross through， am I going to get mugged？

Because I've always wanted to get mu and it never happened。 Oh really give me your money right now。

In fact， I want to pay for my drink。Pretty intimidating。

Shi you guys better run away guys you I believe you would your now black belt I believe。

 I believe you don't hear me。 You have the stare of a fighter。 you think like one of those boxes。

Reaing with you right now I'm gonna give you three seconds to get out of my face are you really mad for real I Why are you guys mad for real。

 If you don't get of my face in three seconds， I'm going to take your phone。

 sell it and buy myself a drink， get the fuck out of my face。Now， at this point in my game。

 and you'll see this in other clips that are more recent。

 I'm so much flowing that the girl probably wouldn't even try that。 And if she were to。

 I'll flow over it like effortlessly。 But this is a number of years ago。 You know， this is maybe 6。

7 years ago。 So， you know， your game will improve over 6，7 years。😊，And your challenges changed。

 the classic stuff。 So at my phase of game at the time， though， because my。

Happiness system went from get happiness from the girl and it kind of retracted to be like， no。

 go back to your core， find happiness within， it's not bugging me as much If I had come to this girl from my previous space that I went on the original girl on。

I would have crumbled here。 But because of the fact that it remin me and it brings me back to fundamentals。

 brutal rejections， bring me back to fundamentals。 I was in a better space to feel this。

 And you'll kind of see what I do with it。 And I'd handle it way better now。

 But it's fun to watch my do Then。 That's some rage girl。 get。 That was authentic rage。

 Are you guys best friends。😊，Yes you have the same facial expression。 out。 get You have the set。

 You you have a real rage。 I'll meet you in down， I'm going in there， Come on， I'm softing it up。

 get up， shake， you're beautiful。 I love your fire。 ruining me。

 You're ruining I' tough girl love god。Oh， no kisses fine， don't kiss me。

 I'm an eight year old fat man。 you just get rid of me throw me that fucking trash throw me that fucking dumpster right there there We'll meet you in there I'm not I'm going home Okay bye How do you guys know each other go。

I mean， you're ditching look at that。 You were like you were ditching me， Chiing me again。

 You're fucking trickster， trickster， trickster， how did you guys meet each other， Tell me？😡。

And that's don't know， Craiglist， did you guys meet on Craig？Now， listen。

 on my satellite is telling me to either kill you or go to the bathroom。

You again to get out of my face right nice to meet you your're sweetheart。're so sweet get out face。

 love it when you get so crazy。 I'll you No， I'm not going I'm going。

 fuck you fucking hate me be racist。 What's this racism for Barack Obama was elected。

You guys are the most intimidating women I ever approached。 I'm serious。 No。

 seriously hold31 hold on31 you go to an alley to approach women， get the fuck out of my face。

 That's no no automatically give me I'm a nice man。 I'm probably nice guy You man。

 Who you ever met You were really a nice man。 I would punch in the face two minutes ago and you have been gone。

 you're not a nice man。 she treat you。 You're just fucking douch How do you deal with it。I gotta go。

How do you deal with it？I cried。No no sarcasm， tell me how you deal with it for real。あ。

I try to make it humor， turn it into humor so she's religion drunk she doesn't really mean it you know it's funny。

 I don't drink alcohol at all。And my friend Jeff is at Bellliger and drunk。sh。That's my other friend。

 Jeff， Why are you guys laughing。 You're the ones laughing。 What's that Christian Jeff， Of course。

 Yeah， I mean， like I you guys， you're the ones laughing。 I don't know who just Jeff。

 you think it is。😊，Now what's funny is the tides are beginning to turn here。

The fact that I withstood that， does that build traction in his girl's eyes。

 Could I withstood that if it weren't for the previous interaction？I wouldn't have。 maybe could have。

 but wouldn't have。 So we think that this pain is bad or being victimized。

 It's actually building you up。 It's making the roots deeper。

 It's bringing you to your core so you can grow higher。

 So every time you get a brutal rejection or some girl that you really like kind of fuck your head up。

 you ever have a huge crush in this girl。 And you wish you could kind of quit game and just get with this really cool shake and spend a lot of time with you。

 you guys ever feel bad。And when it doesn't happen， how devastating is it， let's be roll。

 How much does it suck？Isn't it kind of unbelievable。

 It feels like this fucking Disney movie is happening right in front of your eyes。

 And then instead of the Disney ending with the princess。

 you're just this fucking weirdo that just wax off and cries。😡，What Disney movie is at？

 I miss that one。收。😡，What happens is that there's actually a different Disney movie。

 What if instead of the Disney movie， which is this mainstream mediocre culture that you just stay the same。

 You don't improve。 You stay in scarcity and everything just works out perfectly with this job that never changes。

The this perfect 9 to 5 that never changes。 So you don't have to get new skills。

This perfect all American dream narrative where everything makes perfect sense and this perfect girl。

 and you can just go into this stagnant mindset where you never have to change。

 You never have to evolve。 You never got to step up。And you just love your girl， man。

We all kind of wish it。 We all desire stability。 We all do。 But one thing I've learned a great deal。

 I' learned a lot of it from Julian， but I've learned out my own is that when you can embrace change。

 you can find a new narrative。 What the new narrative was， you're gonna keep growing。

 What if the new narrative was with all the change。😊。

Your mindset says is alert and sharp so that you're not at Durper in your 40s，50s，6，70s， 80s，90s。

 hundreds and beyond。 What if the fact that as things change。

 it actually is healthy because it keeps you sharp and engaged。

 What is the fact that when you don't get that girl。

 it forces you to become selfreliant because you trust in the universe not to get the girl at the wrong time。

 the universe is saying grow more and that you allow the rewards of great sex and great girls to come into your life。

 bless you briefly then they move on， you're back out there alerting and you don't attract what you want。

 you attract what you are And as you keep growing， you attract better girls And those girls who blew you off。

Their initial gift was their feminine energy and presence in your life that inspired you。

 but their greatest gift was not fucking you and was not allowing you to be with them in your current state。

 that was their greatest gift， that other girl going home with those other dudes is a better gift。

 than if she took me home and fuck me。 If I'm committed to the journey。 If I've got great mentors。

 if I know how to think about it， And if I keep punching and she I'm wishing L road are the gifts。

 Okay， they're here for your journey of life。 everything is unfolding exactly as supposed to。

 if you embrace the journey。 If you don't， and you quit， then you just go home sad。

 and it kind of sucks。 let's watch how I keep going here。 Thank you very much。😡，And。

 I dig into this because I've been hurt， and I've been through a lot of shit。

 And I know you guys have had been hurt at times and been through a lot of shit。

 And if you haven't been yet， you're gonna to be as you start engaging。

 So I've got to give you ways to think about it And also good pickup tactics。

 so you know exactly what to do and you can keep growing。 Okay， if you know how to think about it。

 you can grow and your potential is unlimited。And he gets a lot like that。

That's how I recognize this。So。She's just like I should introduce her to Jeff each other up on their truck。

 Maybe is he hovering over there？Maybe a match me have it。可能。Maybe or hell。现场啊。😊。

I think she can hear us。No really what was your like what was your motivation to walk into the alley I'm just on vacation I'm fucking around where are you from I'm from Los Angeles？

She taught me for like two seconds， I'm pretty nice。Yes， and so。Hows sober。

I'll talk to her for two seconds。And then I'll send her back in。 she's not going anywhere with me。

 I'm too dorky。 me Oh god， Oh god， Oh god， please， please。

 please you think have seconds to be shake shake No drunken No drunk I don't Why trying creepy that don't want to deal with is I don't even know what' therapist piecing the broken of I baby I'm and we're gonna go the jungle girl jungle honey listen I'm gonna go now。

Do for two seconds， yes or no， just say yes。I mean， what do you want me to say Yes。

 what you to say tell to say yes then I'm gonna go Okay you to say you should talk to us maybe I want to she's fucking hate me she to you I just want to know why he's asking me and what do he expect from me to talk to you I mean。

Do I have I will you give I really want impressions I like。

 isn't that funny how now she wants me to continue talking。

 And I gravitate to difficult interactions because that's where the growth is。

 Game has never been solely about sex。 There's too much time invested in this just for sex。

 You want sex Get a hooker。You want to throw girls to condo him get a hooker So you're here to get laid for sure。

 you're here to have great sex， a lot of sex， but you're also here to learn。 So to me。

 this interaction is just like great learning experience。

 This is where the growth is you can avoid this or you can go for it now where's the line where you get out of there if she got too violent if she might accuse you of some shit because she's so whacked out。

You know if a demon comes out of her？那个。You might hate。So， but nonetheless。

 I always gravitate towards challenges。 That's where the growth is。

I like Miami it's one of my favorite places to stay。

 I stay here a lot This is the first time I've been here in summer。

I can notice the like you understand I know yeah， you guys are like adaptitude I'm originally from Canada No no。

 you not you nervous you think I'm gonna kick your as I do actually I know I know this what's going He's a little frightenedening's not Is this what you like what are you doing I'm curious So tell me about Canada。

Okay， you know I'm going to kick your ass if you kick my ass， I'm going to cry so bad。

I know what's going on what are you doing here， what are you doing here。

 I'm curious now whose question should I answer Canada LA Canada is a place with really good social systems。

It's good for the middle class。U where Canada all that good is there middle class film it's all the middle class this is Canada we're talking about socialist you know。

 in Canada civil places yeah if you live there you won't get killed。You wouldn't like it。

 I wouldn't come to Miami listen， I got a pee。I love this。 I really do。I'm the you are back。

I grew up in the capital。In what's the capital of Canada， the capital of Canada， Ottawa？Really。

 I've only been to Toronto and Vancouver。 So yeah， okay， and then in a weird way back then。

 now I wouldn't give a fuck， but now I wouldn't even let it get to this point。 But back then。

I'm like holy shit， I'm getting hit with waves here and。

To just emerge into this conversation and very utterreactive and kind of just indifferent what's happening。

 it's a challenge。 But that's what I like about this。 It's called the game。 You know， it's challenge。

 So you try， engage， you compete， but funny enough， speaking the word compete。 When I say compete。

 I mean， you're competing with yourself。 fundamentally。

 the thing that gets you out of this is the the collaboration frame， not the competitive frame。😊，ok。

You're not in competition， your collaboration。 You always even want to be interpreting her。

 going cuckoo like that。 That's just a fun little game。 It's all done a big deal。

 It's just a cookieook little girl。 having some fun。😊。

But there's also things that I would do now in my game where I have so much flow that it wouldn't get even to this point。

 Like， I don't think I've had to grow a like this to me in a very long time。

 You'll see in the next clip。It's just， there's not even space for it to even happen。But。

I like clips say this because they're relatable。So， you know， you can learn from。Okay， and then。LA。

What do you want to know about that comparatively to Miami， how do you feel about L？They're closed。

Something tells me that our adventure is about to end。

Because you're not going to tolerate me speaking with her。Because you hate me。

When I'm saying ourve is about to end， I'm trying to get my girl on my team and I'm trying to disarm her from thinking that I'm being too pushy。

I don't know if I'd still do that now。 I mean， there's so much I would do different now。

 but it's cool how I handled it。 your game evolves。 There's so many iterations that， you know。

 like how cool is it to see me here， how I talk， how I move how， I speak。

 seeing you know like we're gonna see some more modern clips and just seeing the progression。

 I that neat like and it makes you realize your journey and what you have coming and the different iterations that you have。

 You'll get so much less try hard， you'll get so much more clear in your intention。

 you'll have so much better management of your energy， It's crazy， right now， I'd be like，y。

 you know， my energy is different now， it hits me different。But that was then this is now。

 I love watching this。Oh no， I to drag away from me I'm always really called LA Miami route Okay。

 LA is way better than Miami， but Miami's are more fun than LA。Hallelujah。

 what's the best way I would put it to you？I agree。 Yeah， Yeah， I have no problem with you by way。

 You talk to her and let me know。 I just really want to pe。

don' right I'm going to check one more time。 No， no， you want my drink now， yeah。

How old are you guys。 And that's the power of the collaboration frame。

 If you just take everything as a joke。 Like people are your friends， they typically not always。

 but very common。 they flip around。 They're like， I had no problem with you were friends because they thought they had an easy mark to pick on。

 And then when they see that you're not this easy target。 They're like， we were always friends。

 funny right。 So you gotta take that frame that they're just a friend。 Otherwise。

 you get in these fights back and forth， you're engaging with the negativity。

 which is fueling the negativity。 It's not gonna help。😊，How old do you think we are you know。

 I can't tell。Okay， I'm 25， she's 27。30。I bet that other thing is over。Teds。

 no remember those you guys。Across from the Indian plane。Lush。

We could totally got I better but let's go just go in the alleyway。

 No we were in the other way anyway， you want to come Yeah。

 let's go all right whatever lead the way weird over。😊，我嘅要试。I'm not a hater。 Don't touch her。 I me。

 what the fuck。What the fuck I。I see that。No， it's not like that。 It's just， I just don't know you。

 So why you come to Miami。Is your friend behind you that He's my old friend。 Yes。

 that's what I thought。 That's's weird about you。 You just like you have。Oh yo， I have a creeper。

Your friends's getting back there。Aaron， let's go。Okay， excuse me， miss， attention， focus。系い。

First of all， where are you taking me？Some dives like on 12， okay。Interesting。They have a。

As tripperss pull。Like just right at the front。He's probably scared jealous of you。

 I'm I'm always very proud of just persevering。 And look at how the night goes。

 It's like this adventure。 You know it's like， you got this one girl and then you know。

 you're fighting out with these like dudes that want to pull her whatever it was。

 I didn't speak the language。 I I don't even know what they're saying。 Maybe they know。

 I don't really know。 That's just how it felt。 But you know then you're thinking you're in love with some girl。

 Then you realize you're being a fucking idiot， Then you up to some other girl。

 that girl's actually trying to encourage you to keep talking。 You're doing their crazy friend。

 you stick in there， you want up extracting。 And the funny thing was。

 do you want to know what was what put so much pressure on me in this video。😊。

I recorded this back when R C wasn't very big。 And I got this idea that I was going go to South Beach。

And I was going to try to record some infield footage to have some really good stuffer hot seat。

 And I was really broke。 I was sitting in a dirt sheep hotel。

 and I even paid for my camera team to be there。😊，And it was really such a big financial investment。

I just wanted to get some good cliffs so bad。And because I became needy for my game to work。

 So like I get great clips while I'm down there when I'm kind of broke。

 And I think I had a one yearold son at the time。 So like little was barely scraping by and needed to work。

 I'm like looking at pictures of my kid like don't worry， little Vincent， I'm gonna get some food。

 You know what I'm out there like gaming for food。 and basically nothing was going right。

 and then I met that girl at the end of the night。 And I think I think my neediness wasn't just getting feelings for her。

 I just really wanted to work for the fucking camera。

 And it's the fucking end of the night and I'm gaming all night。 nothing was giving for me。

 And finally， you know， I went on that last set and I kept going and I pushed I got traction and I got a clip that was really fun to watch ands something that I'd like to show at the hots。

 you guys enjoy watching that clip。So it's funny like when you get needy。

 like why do you think I teach so much about being non- needy。

 getting into your core flowing because I shit man， you know if the media follows me around。

 it wants to see me do my thing or a student flies from across the country and wants to see me do my thing or you know I'm broke back in the day and I'm paying a camera team and myself to you know come and film me to do something cool and impressive to get some good videos。

 I thought might may be a good place to shoot。It's a lot of pressure。

 But what I learned is when I just trust the process and I get in flow。

 I don't have to worry about it。 And so I guess that interaction there is meant to represent your journey and you pushing through that neediness and taking yourself too seriously and putting more meaning onto things that are really there and realizing just to be your own man getting your own flow and awesome shit can happen And again。

 like I said， the growth comes in the harder interactions And if you push yourself into those harder interactions you keep growing inch by inch。

 Rome wasn't built in a fucking day， but inch by inch， your progress is so crazy and believe me。

 you're looking at yourself now and you're like you know what could I become who could I be how far could I take this。

 you could take this so fucking far but you've gotta be willing to put in the time and invest。

 you get out of game what you put into it。😡，🎼。