# 10、泰勒 《热座》：03.进化：02.优质的现场视频，动能（惯性）的重要性__ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼By。I kind of like the challenge you know because like I'm out late right so we only got like half an hour an hour I'm like tired and I'm kind of like out of it but yet that's kind of cool because it forces me not to make excuses。

 you know， race against yeah。So ats the end of the night， I'm really tired。 I don't want to go out。

But I was committed to get my game good at that time。

 And I always feel like if you just go out on those nights， that's the shit。

 I think Id pulled two nights in a row and I was like， okay， enough。 Now。

 who's ever had it where if you pull a couple nights in a row。

 your game actually gets worse because you get a bit of an ego and you want to kind of protect this new pimp identity that you have。

Anyone ever reveal that？I don't really want to be there。

 but one of the things I love is if I'm going to push myself。

 the growth is when you don't want to go， So I'll just pop out， just pop out， see what happens。

I to take one class for all the rest。Yeah。We meet you over no。嗯。Yeah。今。しい。なし。🎼そ。What am I doing here？

Who has ever done this？Who has ever wandered around a whole fucking night？

Is it kind of weird watching me wandering around。 Did you ever think like。

 probably some guy that does this regularly。 He doesn't have this fucking bullshit problem。😡。

And now what you're finding out is that I do。 and that I do make this mistake。🎼你。🎼Find。🎼，🎼。

What am I doing， Dban excuse， builds excuse， builds excuse， action taking momentum。

 excuse making momentum。 Sa to me， action taking momentum。 excusecus making momentum。

 Am I an action taking momentum right now， What am I。

 What kind of momentum am I in Excuse making momentum。 All right，' what song。All right。🎼So。It's 145。

I just got out here like maybe I don't know 130 or something。

I'm like real tired of' an out it all beginning and like I feel myself just wanting to just like wonder like I'm making a commitment and I'm going to go for half an hour I'm just going to hit everything。

🎼And。We'll see if I could do something interesting so I'm like super out of it just like one of those feelings I just want to document you all right？

🎼I'll just hit everything。 I'll go with simple rules of open all。 hit up everything。 Don't。

 you know minimize time in between like jack off theory like Brad says and we'll do it。

 All right hit hit hit All right， I've acknowledged that this is my great opportunity to grow and game because a great night is just like sliding downhill。

 that's easy。 But I'm in a momentum state of excuse making momentum。 Every girl that goes by。

 I make an excuse。 Now ever been to the top of a diving board when you're a kid and you walk up and you say。

 give me a minute。😊，Give me another minute， I'll do in a minute。

Are you more likely to jump or less likely。 You remember when you're a kid。

 you start to realize that you're like， wait a minute。When I do this thing where I don't jump。

 I keep thinking it'll get easier， and it doesn't。That's pickup for you。

 What happens is you think it's gonna to get easier and it gets progressively harder until you're in this fucking shitty tailsman of excuse making momentum。

 So to dislodge that is the way to do it too big。 Okay， next set， I'm gonna own it。

 I'm taking her home。😡，That's all I'll get out of this tailsman。Next said I'm in a crush。

I've been making excuses for 30 minutes。You know what I realize？Next set， I'm taking Omegan Fox。

That's how I'm going to dig my way out of this hole。

It's like you dig your way into a hole halfway down to the fucking hell。You know， I'm going to get。

 I'm going to jump out？What happens， It's unrealistic， you fail， you're sad。

 So what I've said here is， I'm just going to reset， reset， reset。Okay。

What I did before was I've had a weekend where I pulled2 night in a row。 and in my mind。

 my criteria for success is， I pull， I'm just the guy that pulls。

 but what's happening is because my criteria for success is too high， I'm freezing up。

How did I pull those first two girls that this is a Sunday， I think it was。

 How did I pull the girls Friday， Saturday， I just stuck to the process step by step。

 But now I think I'm this new cool guy who doesn't need the process。 Always。

 guys think they're above the process。 Like a rapper he puts out a great album。😊。

How do you do it the process， Everyone tells him he's just this new guy now。

So it doesn't put any into his next album。Just smokes a bunch of weed。

 puts in a few months or a week。 Next album sucks。 I don't know。 Maybe it's even better。 Who knows。

 But you see my point。So here my criteria for success is too high。

 so I lower my criteria for success。 say that with me。 Low my criteria for success。

 Do it to just simple opens。 Also lower the standard of girl that you have to approach。

 say lower the standard of girl。 lower the standard of girl， say approach all， approach all。

 say every approach is a win， Okay， so I'm resetting it to where I can meet my goals and get some small wins and then get into some action takingking momentum and turn the ties。

 These nights are not just gonna make you and break you in game， they make you or break you in life。

 because when life is hard and you push through， you feel so proud of yourself。

 are nice like this where I pull。 I can be almost in tears。 I'm so happy。

 but it's not because I got laid。😊，I'm like， I love you。 Okay， It's not because I got late。

 It's because I'm like holy shit。 Every motherfucker would have gone home and I turned the tides。

 I got mental strength。 My mind's stronger now。And then you can use that same strength to succeed in every area of life。

Are you the guardian of the bar？ I'm walking up to a fat chi saying are you the guarding of the bar。

 You're gonna to see videos today where I crush it in ways that you didn't know game could be crushed。

 And yet I'm more proud that I went up to this rotund little Miss Packman and said。

 whatever about the bar， I'm more proud of that， You know why， when you're sliding down a hill。

 you're sliding down a hill。I'm not sliding down here just like， wait， that's justs easy。

 I'm more proud of when I'm crawling up that steep cliff。

 and then at least jump to the next little small chunk and pull myself up。 That's harder。

 Off nights are part of pickup。😊，So I'm more proud of this simple saying hi to this girl whose calfs。

😊，Are thick to support her large frame。There's more of her to love than any man could ever need。

 and I'm more proud of that。Because it was harder。I'm more proud of giving a high five on my weight in the club when I'm feeling introverted that I am pulling home a 10 on a great night。

😊，Pulling them on down on a great night， that's just some shit you do。

It's like Michael Jordanrdy is more proud of his flu game than a regular game。 maybe。

 I don't really know。 But you guys ever to the flu game。 Yeah， you know we went out with the flu。

 He's like。😊，Foot and desk door， I think he scored like 38 points or something。

How much more proud are you of that， the writing conspiracy is actually just hung over。 Who knows。

 But that's how it was interpreted。 even H over though。 So hard， so。😊。

I'm more proud of an off night when I took action。🎼还是。Care。I like that。

 you know where the bathroom is？I。Sweet， okay， thanks。I'm not flowing。

 Think of the contrast It seeing me sitting here today flowing， flowing。

 flowing because I've engaged my release muscles and the flow is just initiating here。

 I'm trying to control everything。 So I'm stifled。 I'm not talking that much。 but at least I tried。

When I went in there， I didn't really force it。 I took the win。 I'd say。

 who the fuck could out of the ball to do that。😡，I'm proud of that small win。

 One set closer to turning the tide。And then I just try to quickly approach another one and minimize time between the interaction minimize time。

 minimize time。I'm failing。 I'm failing。 why I'm yelling， I'm failing why。

 because I'm seeing opportunities and I'm not doing it。

 That momentum to the excuse making is so strong。 The gravitation is so strong。 I'm struggling。

But I've got to lower my criteria for success even more。 Just lower it。 Low it。

 Don't worry about your ego。 You don't have to control everything。 Just say hi to somebody。

 Just go say hi。 It's okay。 It doesn' have to go well。 It's okay。 And then view that as a win。Damd。

 at least makes sense for throwingia， you。Who are you Anna。

 are you Nice to meet you Nice to meet you，'s your fourth one。How's your fourth going or no way。

 it's the third today， right？そ。No， it is the fourth。my board。欢。You have to work tomorrow？

Where are you。Where're in Texas？Dallasllas。I've never it's one of the few cities I've never been to。

I see the TV show。I've seen all 11 seasons。Yeah when I was 15 I used to skip school every afternoon because I was a bad student and so Id go home and the first thing I would do to procrastinate is watch Dallas I watch it on the country network Yeah T T。

I can't remember what it's called。Maybe you remember could you like better Jerry are Ewing or Bobby Ewing Oh they are really See like you go for the evil Well yeah。

My daughter was named after for elected。 How was your daughter。 Okay， so you see， I've got her hands。

 Now I kept it really simple。 Do you like Bobby Uwing or J R Uwing， Dallas。

 like my mind is in a very suppressed state。 So I'm just letting go a little bit。Who do you like。芭比。

Or you。Okay。This is me my most charismatic。I'm just letting go， and I'm taking as a win。

 I'm just letting go of expectation。Just turning it slow。Roome's not building a day。

 You don't turn around a rough night in a snap。You give yourself compassion， you love yourself。

 and you really appreciate each little step。That is mental strength saying， oh。

 my standards are so high。I hold myself to the highest standards。

 perfection is the lowest standard because you're not going to achieve it。 You're fucking lazy。

 So instead what you do is you just enjoy each small step。 That's actually mental strength。

Because we want to play at an elite level here。 at an elite level。

 you've got to be empowering yourself with mental capital， emotional capital。

These resources are going to be important。It's like， you know。

 the guy who goes to jail and he knows he's guilty。

 He goes to sleep that night because he knows he's going to need the energy。

The guy that's that's not guilty， You just awake like， what's going on what the fuck， You know。

 you're guilty。 Go to bed to get ready to fight the case。Proably bad example， pickup。

 you're not guilty of anything， but look。You know， if you're serious about getting results。

 don't waste your energy in self attack。Sayay with me， don't waste energy and selfatt。

 Don't waste energy in selfatt。 So that's just mental laziness。 It's not standards。

 It's just selfatt。 It's classic low vibration energy， attacking your brain in selfattack。

 You want to go into presence。 How do you reach presence。 Love yourself。

 small wins while still taking action。😡，16 I have a one year old son How old are you5 Yeah。

 they had your son when you were 19。No， I'm thanks so。Are you staying over？

I've been all night I'm trying to get there' rough I'm leading a little bit here but I'm really just trying to let go and you'd never know what could happen I'm just gonna talk to her I'm not that in this girl。

 but you never know what could happen she's a very cool person。

Andam just trying to enjoy that interaction with her。

 enjoy the interaction with that other bigger girl， Just relax。

 enjoy small victories or beginning to initiate a turnaround。🎼Ohn。I'm just some idiot Oh it's okay。

 here's not an idiot， you're own。How do you guys know each other， you， are you visiting her？

You guys are sisters， are you visiting her in LA？Yeah。Yeah， her mom， your mom livesella。

How did you get that more word？Then you move there， for a man。Military。Im really。

I traveled in place but I don't like it。Yeah。是。Yeah。Yeah。Thank0。Daphane， nice to be here。

I grew up in Canada。Oh。 you you've ever been a， I'm sorry， no， but I want't go。Yeah。Yeah。

Like seriously。I know it's weird like it's super random I like everyone's go to Europe in Italy。

 know I want to go to Canada because he like nature is that one？No， I have insuranceur。Because， no。

 no， no， no， I said because you like nature。I just， it's just。I feel like it's because I so。える。🎼Like。

都感觉。Yeah， okay here's what we'll do I will pack you in like like a little bulb wrap envelope and I'll put you my suitcase。

And reply to Canada。I walk down the street with you on my arm like this， every girl will be jealous。

I don't know if anyracial dating is okay out there。It's not okay even in America。

 is that really true？Ive dated one black girl all my life， maybe interesting is been okay anywhere。

Yeah， she was a stripper。 my only stripper， my only black girl strip。 I know you're not a stripper。

 you Okay， see That's my first little bit of swag that I've added there。 Oh， not stripper seea。

 little takeaway。 I'm not gonna do that earlier in the earlier approaches because it's try hard。😊。

It's like， oh， I'm not feeling good and I'm going to qualify myself with a little gainess。

 Im going to make her like me。With turning my back on her。

 But now that I'm feeling a bit more comfortable， it's okay to turn my back on her because now that I'm feeling a little bit more in flow and in comfort。

 if I turn my back on her， it's highlighting that I'm not needy。

So a good game piece highlights that you're not needy， but it only works if you're not needy。😡。

Otherwise， if you're feeling needy， don't try to use tactics whose intended effect is to show that you're not needy。

 look， if a guy were to walk up to a girl and put her finger in her nose in a cute， funny。

 playful way that she liked。Then。What's that doing？What's it communicating？If a guy， if the。

 if the girl liked it and a guy were to walk up and put a finger。Inter house。

What's the communicating？Playful， doesn't care。So if she were to like it， why would she like it？

What would be attractive about something so countertuitive？ Yeah， as you do it， she's like。

 this guy doesn't even care。 But what if you're like。

Now you're drawing attention to the fact that you are needy。 And now she's like。

 what the fuck are you doing， That's my nose。😡，You just penetrated it。So basically。

 things that draw attention to your nonibs。That's good swag if you're not needy。Earlier。

 I'm feeling needy。 So rather than trying to compensate by conveying some kind of value。

I just assume I'm a nice guy。 I keep it kind of compressed。

 And then what winds up happening is that I can get into flow from that point。

So you don't need to use a game piece such as a backturn。To self qualify yourself。

But it can be an expression of nonediness that's authentic in the moment as you begin to feel that way as your night starts to pick up。

They're a great teacher， how old are you？Sear 22， you're 35。

So your parents had you guys very far apart。Interesting， not。Either。All right。

 let's go theroom your to the restroom。He mean。You giving it to me now you want me to take your number when's a good time to call you。

Hey， silly， did I say that？Okay。One sec， I just got this phone。

 so I don't know how to use it that well。Why can't we just be excited about my new phone Im。🎼Yeah。

Yeah。Oh。You are playing fast。🎼I've never used this。因为。Yeah。It's a brand new phone。Very quick。🎼Yeah。

No one more。Your' technology who， you're like you're a third grade teacher。バイ。But not like a horror。

 like a technology horror。Okay。What song is this？Yeah。え？I can't buy with it。

 I don't really understand it。They did Franknk Sattro。走了。Yeah。What at my number？什呀？Yeah I don是年龄小头。来。

地图。ラ。Like what？Ethnicity， I'm like kind of a mix like of like a white guy and like a really white guy。

Some'm like extremely white guy。O。も。やと。Oh， did it surprise you guys when she just draggedging me the bathroom？

Like should make up。Why would I make other is a better question？And what's that do。我系 a。

Do I any more？No有啊。There's plenty。So what's creating the attraction is I'll definitely make out there。

Right before I put in。I'm a gentleman。So the。So basically， the， the。

You make out there when it's the right thing to do。 It creates comfort。 or she just wants to do it。

 So there's the time to do it and time not to do it。 There's no need to do it here。 So no worries。

 I'm not coming from from a need to punch and punch and punch because I know it's gonna happen。

 I don't need to pull the oars out because the sale is pushing me。

 So this girl here is getting attracted。 Why。Is it because of what I'm doing？

It's because of what I'm not doing。 It's because I'm not doing what every other guy' is going to do。

Which is to be a trihar。Now， at the same time。If another guy is in the same frame of mine as me。

 he's going to try hard， but he's also kind of having more fun and he's got more energy coming out of him。

 am I at risk of losing the girl？I am。 So low energy game where you don't try that hard does put you at risk of losing girls to other guys that are not trihars。

 but。Actually are just super cool， like not meaty at all， but just conveying value。

 So your optimal game is actually not a try hard， but kind of putting on some energy。

 That's kind of like your sweet spot， but。😊，Given the choices of your options。

 I want to think about this， a。A lot of charisma and expansive energy combined with not being a tri hard。

 That's option number one。 Op number two is expansive energy。 like all this crazy stuff。

 but you're kind of a trihar。Option 3 is。You're kind of chill， you're not that expansive or crazy。

 but you're also not really a tryhar。 You're just chill。What's the best one to the least good。

The best is great expansive energy。 You're non Trihar。The second best is you're just chill。

You're not really doing that much， but you're just chill。

 The least good is when you're just massively self qualifying about you're needy。Okay。

 so in the truth is。Yeah， sometimes just being chill， you'll lose the girl， but。

Where can being super chill get you the girl？The more chill that you are。

 sometimes it's almost like the burning brush fire versus the white hot searing coal。

 and the white hot searing coal will actually almost outpower this crazy expansive energy It's kind of funny。

 right Remember too， that the groundedness and relatability is what allows you to get more cuckoo and crazy and expansive。

The more you have this， the more you can do this。 If I'm completely comfortable with myself and nodding in selfqualing mindset。

 I can say the crazy shit， Fna， wild cuckooo girl， you hold my hand。

 Like my grandmother holds my dick。 Like she's arthritic and shit。 Hold it more like my mom's style。

 right， shit like that works amazing when you're grounded not tri art。 You say that shit。

 when're in a try art， needy mood， It's very selfqualing and kills your game。

 You say that stuff when you know that you're drawing attention to the fact that you're not needy。

But if you're not feeling it， you don't need to do it。 And then you just slowly build back momentum。

 But the funny thing is being chill。 you can totally pull。

 which is what you're going to see me do in this turnaround。Okay， dad and。Yeah，It's black foot。

 black and black foot'。Okay， two Americans buts in black Yeah， okay， okay。Actually。

 many of the most beautiful people in the world are part Native America， yeah I've noticed that。

So very， very small talk。 You've seen that。 man is the most beautiful people are Native American。

 It's a very small talk。在。Of course。Init a little bit of physicality there。

I'm just slowly turning my head around here。 Okay， A lot of nights I go in。 I'm， I'm， I'm escalating。

 kissing， moving fast。 I'm shakingn， but I'm not gonna to do that here。

 I'm initiating a turnaround in my African American culture。The food。Not a distraction at all。我看海底位视。

😊，Oh my god， so really。You he go every。It's crazy。だか。め。然后呢一个。

Do you I see I'm just laying back here and now she's trying to make jokes to the guy near me。

 but she's doing it like to make me laugh？So who's qualified to who now now the girl's gaming you just by laying back。

 you're not approval seeking。 So the approval seeking Seesaw cakes in。

 And now she's trying to get you laughing。 A lot of girls。

 you ever had it where girls kind of just sit there passively Like they don't even give a fuck if you like them or not。

They're not investing by her trying to joke around。

 She's investing with me because I'm not qualifieding to her。 She's qualifieding to me。 Now。

 what does she just catch here。 What do you see here。Yeah， now she caught the camera on。

Do you have to give up？No， so I just tell my camera to leave。 and I keep going when I'm pulling her。

 Yeah， Yeah， he's recording us。 I was like， just go， I was like， you go away。

 And then I'm texting him I'm like， don't you fucking leave。 I'm pulling this shit。😡。

Get a little cocky， right， So So quick suggesting that like in every interaction there has to be someone that's like kind of giving approval。

 I think that it's not that it always has to be someone giving approval because at the highest level of women。

 they can be impervious。To qualifying themselves because they're just so grounded。

 But I do think there's something called a meta frame， which is there's a frame of an interaction。

 And the meta frame is the overarching meaning of that interaction。

 And if the overarching meaning is you are the selector and you are the dispenser of approval and validation。

 then what happens is she will view you as the prize and start qualifying yourself to you。

 So the hidden language of nonqualification is that you just chill and vibe and joke around。

 And now of a sudden， that girls chasing you。But sometimes they don't。

 because they're just way too confident because they've got way too many guys validate them。

 And if that's the case， that's okay。 You don't mean to force that。

 You just got to be at ease that it's not there。 And then you'll both have sex to each other on fun anyway。

down this way， oh shit， are we fucking jaywalking？We watch up with this。🎼了解我。It's no walking secret。

Do you want to cross the light？가。Are we going to get a jaywalking ticket and notice that I'm so kind of nervous。

This is a rough night。 I'm kind of in disbelief that I'm pulling right now。

But I can remember how it feels to just relax， to vibe， to make an no big deal。

 and to be okay that this is happening。C。Guys that have to qualify themselves。

 Do you know why they do it because they're not okay that it's happening。 Like。

 you asked why I didn't kiss her in the bathroom。Guys that do that。

 It's like they're not okay and at ease that it' happening。 It's like bathroom， bathroom。

 gotta do something， gotta do more。God to do more。And I've had sexy girls at bathrooms。

But I did so when it was appropriate。 So there's not， but if there's not a need to do more。

 then Bis own it and accept it。 for us as men。 so often， the girls right to have sex with us。

 And then we get all weird about it。A buddy of mine knew he says he says dates are for the man。

He's like， bro， the girls just want to come over and have sex。

 but the man needs to take her on a date to feel like he deserves it。Thats dating for the man。

 The girl' like， okay， do your little date。You need to take me for dinner to feel worthy of me。

 do it。You need to qualify yourself to me to you feel worthy of you。 Okay， take me for a date。

 and I'll fuck you later。 He's like， dudeude， I just call him over。Come on over， okay， me a sex。

Discuss has sex a lot of girls， true， not true， maybe sometimes true。Probably a little simplistic。

 but it makes the point that。You got to accept that the success is coming。

It can be hard to accept success， you ever have a girl that's so into you who's so attractive that your brain kind of fries and then you start trying to impress her or submitting to her because qualification is either submitting so you're changing yourself to not bugger or you try to do too much but when you can find that nice sweet spot in the middle where you're not qualifying yourself that's the hidden language of attraction。

 you walk up， you're chatting， you just accept that you're chatting。And it's normal。

You go to make out。 No big deal。 You make out。 It's normal。

 You're having sex with the 1t in your bed。 No big deal。 It's normal。

 It's the hidden language of attraction。 Every guy thinks he yes you'd be doing more。 when， in fact。

 if he did less and he didn't try to control and he let go Actually。

 it would happen for him in letting go， you actually have more power behindhi it。

 There's a great book called power versus force。Power is where you're letting that higher power kind of handle it for you。

 and force is where you're kind of trying too hard。 Force can work， but it has its limits。

 So in power， we find our sweet spot。 Okay， we're not going to qualify ourselves。Winner more power。

But when we have to force it， we qualify ourselves。Which you can。

 There's always an appropriate time to qualify yourself。 just comes out。

 but it depends where it's coming from。 And you'll know you'll do。 How many of you guys ever like。

 you qualify yourself and you just know you fucked up right as you did。 You're like。

 I've got a big dig and and you go into like this downward spiral， right，re like， super big dig。

It feels good， I split girls in health。It's like a cucumber。呵。😊，And by the way， the more you go down。

 the worse the qualification gets。 Sometimes you just got to stop digging。

 and they're everywhere wait。Roing down。They're turning around， they're going to go get somebody。

keepThere's more than two。They found out who killed Park。喂ally。Fake appreciation。Appreciate you。O。

We with that in For。They're the biggest people。Yes。So you guys are sisters， you guys are born。

To 13 years apart。That is fucking crazy。 Me and my sister are born three years apart。ow。

 You guys are born 13 years apart。 I left the W。 I do have friends。 I swear to God。 I swear， I swear。

 I swear。 No， I don't。 Okay， I made。 I have no friends。I'm alone， I'm alone like Pinocchio。Oh last。

 I do。And。啥面呀。people that went to crest。Hold on my heels are not liking this hold on。

 so are you a good influence on her growing up？You were。Yeah。

 that's my baby I this where you guys park No we cars of the p that right here。In Whitney。

 these are liimousine。aThe fuck rum！Yeahはは。Yeah。Get mad。Get mad。So I'm a di。

 yeah you guys don't even know I'm a di because I'm just so yous that？Are you really？Hey。

It because it's the fourth and you're Asian doesn't mean you can get it in nose which way？Oh。

You'll see as you're walking the girls back these weird obstacles come up Other guys will see that the girl is in an aroused state and they'll come on her。

 Cars will get in your way。 Obcles get your way and you've got to be cool through this whole thing oftentimes pulling a girl。

 It's like trying to shoot a soccer ball back of the hose And then these other mother that fuckcker with their hoses come and trying to blow it out of the way right It's kind of awkward。

 you're kind to trying to guide it back。 That's the lesson in game。That's the beauty of game。

 It's the thinking and the engagement that keeps you alert。Don't be pissed that it's not easier。

Be happy that's a challenge so you can say sharp。Challenges as we get older are what keep us sharp。

 they provide the resistance in the dynamic moving environments。

 The reason that I still do pickup now， even though I run a business and I have a lot of administrative stuff to do and have to be professional and all this is because I love how dynamic it is。

 I never want to be like some stiff kind of guy like stiff。 Just run in my business S in the checks。

 do a little meeting。 You know， I love the chaos。 So I love cap Hill out here。 Shi show。

 Just swimming through the shit。 loved it。 Okay， because it keeps you alert and dynamic as you get older。

 You know， they're like， remember to keep doing walks。😊，Remember to walk， play little golf。

That's viewed is good， half the old people just sit there washing the boob tube。

So something like this， look how dynamic it is。 You keep doing it。 It's very mentally healthy。

Does she like him come？Let's go。 Okay， you're fine。 now， the unattractive girl， not unattractive。

 Just， just the one of wasn' into。 I like to be mean。 She's very nice to me。 But the point is like。

 that girl， I'm into her sister。By the way， how caddy was that that the younger girl steals from the older sister。

 Cr shit， right， Cr world out there， so。I had this joke I like what do women really want。

 like a woman's ultimate fantasy， it's like this bathtub full of jewels and she can bring in other women to see the tub full of jewels。

 and then as that other woman cries in jealousy， the butler comes and collects the tears to create k aid for that woman's children。

Jealousy is so huge with girls and because they compete for guys Now what you saw here。

 they're competing with each other。 So now that girl， some other guy's giving her attention。

 So again， you've got the car getting in the way。 Now you've got this other guy here in your mind you're like。

 What am I trying to do Do I want to try to three some of these girls。

 but maybe not in the other girl。 Maybe other that guy comes Maybe he could play a virtual wingman。

 Maybe I let him talk to the girl for a bit and move on。 What do I do， And you gotta kind of pick。

The biggest thing you got to do is not go needy， not go approval seeking， chill， owed your space。

 and then at some point， lead。Come walk with us， tell them to come walk with us to the car。

It's a walk。Just to walk to the car。Just to the car with us。Take them。Oh my God。

 we're your friends there at the W I told you I swear to got to have friends。

 I'm actually very popular so we're crashing your hotel room。Really。Are you prince to judge me no？

Are you sure， my friends will not judge you key？Are your friends going to judge me she doesn't want to be made to feel like a slut？

It's not that she doesn't want to be a slut。 She just doesn't want to be made to feel like a slut。

 So you've got to let her know that you're non-judgmental。

 Basically the way the world works is there's two types of guys。 If you're a girl， you're a woman。

 you like sex as much as men， if not more。 And then there's this one type of guy that whenever they know that。

 they get insecure。 They get but because those guys never get laid。 And so they're like， oh my God。

 I've only fuck three girls and you fucked more guys that I fuck girls。 and I'm gonna freak out。

 the girls's like， I like this guy。 and I want to date him。

 particularly if it's like in a stable relationship， because he's like stud guys are unattainable。

 and you can't， you can't rein them in。 this guy would make a good boyfriend。

 But if he knows that I fucked a couple more guy， a couple more guys that he fuck girls。

 He's gonna freak out。 So。😡，You know， you know like if you have a friend who like they might get overly sensitive about some random shit that really is not a big deal。

 so you kind of just keep it quiet， that's like girls。

 So youve got to show that you're the other type of guy。

 the guy that gets it that when a girl becomes around， she has sex and you're not judgmental of it。

 in fact you think even more highly of her if you're that guy she can go home and how sex are you。

There's no reality where you just judge girls and they all girls in the world just stop having sex。

That's not going to happen。Be interesting if it did， you could try it。Prove me wrong。

 When girls stop having sex， let me know Until that happens， I'm going the other strategy。

 which is the guy that girls feel free and。Unjudged around。 And then when you can do that。

 they can have sex with you。 And now they can bring their friend over to have sex with you。Now。

 they can be non exclusive with you。And now they can share their fantasies with you。And now。

 if you get into a committed relationship， they know that you're the kind of guy that gets laid so they can't just fucking mess around you and be a bitch。

 At least that likely， they could all be a bitch。 You got to be assle， too。

 But you see the general idea。 So you wantan to be that non guy。 will your friends judge me。 No。

 my friends will not judge you。😡，But graduatedu。309。All right， and I think we're going。Yeah。

 let me get。That's great that your parents are very supportive of you。

graduate whatever you get what kind of school did you take to be a teacher？我们带你多。She's having fun。

Kden。Yeahan。And。think reallyally。Yeah。The 18th winter you're still with this。而且现在。Well。

 we're going to take him home。And they's like， oh， we're gonna take him home and that's so great to hear after being again。

 look back at the start， think back to me， wandering around， hesitating， stuck in my head。

 stuck energy， dense energy， unable to move， unable to think unable to express myself and because I pulled the last two nights。

 every excuse in the fucking world to just call it a and go home it's almost the end of the night。

 I even have issues with a camera and then I could say， hey at least I turn it around。

 camera's an issue， I'll get out of here， I'll go home。Every excuse。 And I didn't take it。

Having sex that girl is fun， but what's more important than that， it's knowing that when you're down。

 you have the tools to turn around， who here has ever had a night like this？

Who here can commit to utilizing these tools to turn your night around the next time that you have a night like this。

 are you guys going to commit？All right。Good shit。