# 10、泰勒 《热座》：02.-福利(非核心课没翻译)：03.-Madison-Special-Infield内视特别版：Madison Special Infield 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I'll play the clip and then I'll break down a little bit in the middle about what the lesson is here and I told you to do it and you looked at me like I'm not doing it。

Right。You don't listen to her words， Listen to her actions。 Yeah， she had her arms around you。

 She was holding your hands。 Yeah that's as much receptive as I was going to get。

 that's like an eight receptive hit。 Yeah I never get8。

 I see a five and I move forward Yeah okay girls aren't gonna get more receptive than that now she's making out with this girl just it。

Now was grabbing this world pass， right， No I's too late， too late too late。

' too late not now now you're going， hey， let me get some action about the way to do it， Yeah。

 more fun， more energy and execute when the moment is there， you lost the opportunity out。

The opportunity was there and you lost the opportunity。

 so now what's the lesson we learned from that？Not in a bad way because's the learning environment I mean what's the lesson that we learn from that when a girl is telling how my ginger is to like really push it。

That and also execute right away the window of opportunity。So。🎼small，Yeah， so small。

A hot girl will get distracted by light， friends。Bottles promoted。There's a million distractions。

 no matter how good your game is the girl will get distracted。

 Yeah I don't consider myself that cool I don't Oh yeah。

 ever goes to the standard just wait for me they're like 80D， they're like kids in a candy store。

They don't even know what the fuck is going on， they're just happy fact like Cohen said they're all magic school bus hi everybody hi。

Hi son and hi， so because they're on the Madox school bus。It can be no hesitation。

 no hesitation and no downside okay， so when you squ it and I'm like execute bam right away because now is the best thing you can happen to you now you're like that guy that was on stage at Freesort。

You now you have them painted， but you're like， yeah。I learned to Le。

Now that you learn the lesson in here。Right。Thatty would listening in here。

You're going to kill it next time because your lesson is like ingrained in your head， you're like。

 shit。Has the opportunity to execute， have the opportunity to execute now that will never happen again so as long as you learn from this lesson I'm happy。

 Em I said either you win or what？Or you learn something Yeah exactly you win or you learn how to win Yeah now you're learning how to win so we Z is left。

Well comee back later in tonight ins five minutes from now， come back tomorrow。

 come back the day after， he it， right？Let's do some more， let's do some more， nobody got for you。

Let's go I'm wing on Okay so next night he meets this really cute Asian girl and he literally was making out with his girl inside the club and then he decides to pull her outside of giving him instructions on how to pull the girl a It aner about five blocks from here at 24 hours I just came in there。

🎼ややや。Okay， do you know a place that's open right now Okay。

 let's get into Uber and taxes dealer that right now how far is the car？It's right there， right。

 lets go physical， be physical， can call me。よ見你ね。Forring your friend， continue to be physical。

I don't believe in promises。 Since my mother left me。 my mother left me， I don't believe in promises。

 came by no food You hear。're like so sad。 You feel my pain。

 right I love her dress so I appreciate Have you seen her dress。 Good。 Okay， us diner。ner。

 other other here all these girls。Yeah， he's not owning it whoever solves the problem。

Who's walking in front， who's walking behind？The girls walking in front， he's walking behind。

 never walk behind the girl When you walk behind the girl。

 you're automatically putting yourself in a situation where you're just logistically following It's like instead of just starting at zero or starting at negative to you starting at a deficit。

 always get in front， always lead in front。Just keep your。

 don't be reactive in front of it get in front in front in front now。I heard my name。's go everybody。

 everybody hold hands Why not， Why need to just go like， but you need to just go。

 I drop them off and text okay you're not。Drop themThat's adorable so。No。

' So this girl's just having 80D。 she's like oh the friends Oh party like she's just like all over the place。

 right she's like over excitedcited by everything， overtimulated by everything。

 So what is the suit doing， He's sitting there and watching at any time the poll。

 there's three things you have to do to pull seating。

 leading and defeating what is imped or to what's competing Okay that's how you pull it's the three steps to pull seeding。

 leading， defeating what is competing。 Seding is where you say let's go to pizza， Let's go do this。

 My friends having after the party in the area， you seed and plant the idea throughout the interaction。

😊，Leading is getting in front， just not being behind the girl， like getting her hand。

 looking at her confidently and walking backwards so she can see your eyes and you walk through the crowd。

 That's leading。 Okay， let's go sit down， Let's go have a drink。 My feet hurt。 Let's go do this。

 Let's go outside， get some air。 That's leading。 The feeding what it' competing is。

This guys coming up， hey， you look really cute。 Jessica， you go into that thing are cell phone。

 a cell phone， cell phone， the cell phones I lost you have your cell phone I lost my cell phone right deal with that shit。

 other guys， other girls， other friends are like yeahy party。

 Oh my go if you just stand there and you cannot handle these three things。

 you cannot defeat what is competing。 You do not deserve the girl。

 This what you're gonna see here is a failure to failure to handle what is impedment situation。

 rise to the occasion。 The girl wants the alpha guy， what is an alpha guy。

 a guy that is able to solve problems on the fly， rise to the occasion， make decisions， make choices。

 I don't care if you make the right choice or the wrong choice。

 The only thing I care about is that you make a choice。😊，Okay。

 she wants to see that you're capable of making a choice， not the right choice of the wrong choice。

 just a choice。 If a bear comes in this room and starts maing everybody。

 the girls gonna go for the guy who makes a decision to handle the bear right even if you attack a bear with a pencil。

 You don't have to make the right choice。 Just make a choice。 She's gonna respect you for that。

 Okay okay，😊，Okay， we need to get a front party。嗯。W， where you go Look at her as a leader here。

 dont turn her back， look at her as a leader， look at her。You can come if you want on 24。

 what's going on？you're coming to flat 24。Okay， we'll go there， We'll meet you guys。 We'll go。

 we'll go and then we'llll come with us and then we'll go with him whatever I'll go with these guys and we'll meet you there。

 No we're We're all going there。 We can't all fit in one car。

 too many of us I friends do not ask permission， do not have permission。

Don with I told him he's my boyfriend， I can say whatever I want to say to him， okay， a smart。

Relation here。In front motorfucker。And look at her as leadinging her。It's boy code， okay？

We're allowed to talk about what we want to talk about。I keep telling him to look at her。

 he's not looking at， it's to look at her。Keep explaining them。Promise I'll meet you there。

 Are you going， Are you going。あ。诶一个。It's my friend， okay。Ha。😊。

I like you all and I want to go eat okay here I'm all over there okay。

 let's go there where are you I'm over there。go， sorry， wait wait before。

 before we do anything crazy， what is your name？Do you give good hugs Do give good hugs I heard Pokemons don't good hugs5 from all night。

うあ。Okay， this is not what my car is。But this is not where my car， it's okay。

 we're going to drop me back of your car my car is we're in a carpool。We're going to carpool。

 you are super happy。P on， on， on。' working tonight。 It's okay， you're worth it。

 this like your energy yourbe。 I like your energy。 Thank you。

 So the girls compliment me the whole time， right？😊，I like your energy， your vibe。 I like you。

 You're so heavy。 You know，'re not you're fat。 You're worth it。 Oh， great。

 So we end up doing that all the way。 And she， you know， the thing is I I。

 I'm listening to what she's saying。 She was like， put me down。 What the fuck， What are you doing。

 No， stop， I would stop the whole time she's complimenting me the whole time。

 Why she complimented me。Because I'm making a decision， the guy was so indecisive。

 she made like guys， like as a man， your role in the world to make decisions。You become a manager。

 You become a vice president， You become a director at a company by making decision and solving problems。

 That's if a police officer comes to your house and a police officer says。

 somebody broken your house，' like police officer， somebody broke my house or I don't know if I should file a report。

 I don't know if I should call them。 It。 You should call it off。 You are the cost of the fucker。

 right。😡，It's the guys in our society that make the decisions。

 where the right or wrong decisions are the alpha males。 You have to make a decision， right。So yeah。

 this continues。 and she's really happy about it。 She's like， telling your friends to come。

 You're really sweet。 I'm your boyfriend now， I'm your boyfriend now。😊，You love the attention。

 you love it， don't you？What I'm having is shit， you're not。You're light。快了。Where's your car？Hi。

 are you going to take my friend back here Yeah okay I my friends absolutely Yeah， I'm sure okay。

 shes like she's logically agreed with it then all the way to the then we end up going all the way to the I'm way backwards here Where's the rightops there you go all the way to the car。

They're going to take us back here lead to the car， lead some other fuckcker。Not half， fully。Okay。

 you sit in the front because you're a badass， you're a celebrity so you sit in the front， okay？

I can't believe you carried me the whole fucking right。Okay。I'm going to have back。okay good。

 what do you guys learn from that very quickly， by the way， any questions。

 what do you guys learn from that？Making decisions， okay， what are some other observations？keep。Yeah。

 that's not why she wants to go， but it is kind of like fun entertaining all the way through。

Like keep calibrating while having an intention， calibrate like don't just like keep looking at her because she's not gonna lead like lead。

 be the man， but still fucking look at her calibrate。 Yeah， that's true。

 lead be the man and still calibrate all the way through so that she feels comfortable。

dy old pal pal All right So we're gonna go debrief in the second。 but for the moment。

 just tell me what you learned aboutt what you learned about that interaction with the Asian girl。

 I didn't the Asian girl the whole the Asian。 I mean pretty much you did like super aggressive about the was it aggressive though the right word like complete leader like noshit't someone says something in opposition what you need to happen。

 shoot down and I totally manage that as like strong like our friends weren't that strong totally right the guy in the purple shirt just kind of off to the side。

 just kind of。complained， but he but like I guess I was worried if I was like super aggressive like that。

 it would have like she would have like lost attraction because I've never done it before。

 So I just figured if I pushed too hard。 shed be like the fuck like And as long as yeah。

 as basically as long as the girl is laughing， you can do almost anything。 Yeah。

 almost as long as she laughing， you can do almost anything。

 that girl was so like the reason why was I knew was able to do that was a few things。 Okay。

 So he was able to do it because that girl was so receptive to everybody。 her friends。 everybody。

 guys like what's up。 It's like like youre trying to pull her。

 and she's trying to and she's talking to everybody。 She's so receptive。

 So let's put on the scale of0 to 10。 How receptive was she。😊，A9 or 10。

 So when you're playing it safe， you're like，'s， do you want to go， do you maybe want to go。

 you kind of want to， maybe do you want to go， doesn't work when you did this。

🎼It was a little bit better， right， But I said， look at her when you're leaving here。

 do like this tomorrow。 what we're gonna do is we're gonna exercise we around the club。

 we have to move girls around the club， I'll throw you in sets and you'll be like。

 I like move her to the bar。 move her to the dance floor because it's getting the habit of leading。

 That's your number one Sam got two of those Oh， really， okay。

 I'm gonna to stand here and bring girls right， it helps a。 even more of that。

 even more that because the girls like you she gets awkward at that point let's go awkwardness or when the conversation stalls and just kind of like what do we do now。

 that's why like's go right， So you can do it then， we should also do it proactively。😊。

