# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：15第十五周 全实战-经典：热座 15周第一部分【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

It's Owen from Real social Ds。 Welcome to the Hai at home classicic edition。

 where I'm gonna be taking a trip down memory lane and breaking down some of my original pickups that I used to teach it back in the day really as an opportunity to reminisk over some of the older success with women paradigms that I've taught over the years Now in this Hase at home program。

 we put a major major emphasis on inner confidence， inner game。

 building self-esseeem and self-lo and a lot of powerful higher level principles but what I love about the Hosi classic is it brings us back to that game era where it's based on outer technique frame control and really just operating with a woman in a way where when you know what to do you can produce the result that you want。

 So I'm going invite you to look back at some of these original paradigms that I built the current and modern day real social dynamics upon。

 and I want to tell you right now that this is a very emotional release。

For me because this was my baby back in the day for many years and I really struggled to release this。

 it was something very difficult and it really is a teacher when you teach live。

 which I'd always recommend to you to attend the hot seat live with me because always different footage at different exercise and a unique experience。

 but when you teach live you can feel into your audience the kind of energy that they have。

 and based on their questions and see what they need So in this case what we did was we got feedback from the audience thrown a series of missions in the Hase at home and from the tribe and I tried to create this hot seat meticulously。

 I took many attempts at it to be honest with you in order to answer the different energies and questions that were being thrown at me from the Hase to home tribe。

 So this took me a while to produce I attempted to teach this multiple different times before I felt like I had the right one and finally I felt like this one was the perfect one。

 I actually wound up staying awake all night and got myself almost into a manic state to reaxcess how I felt when I would teach many years ago because I wanted this to be。

At its best and to be kind of a legacy piece for me of the older stuff that I used to teach。

 so I think you're really good to enjoy it now。In watching this。

 I hope that you're also encouraged to attend a hot seat transformational experience live with myself and my team because every single piece of footage is different。

 every single exercise is different。 every event is different。

 and having the power of the group right there with different people in the audience able to interact me in person and interacting with the rest of the audience live is an irreplaceable experience。

 So as much as I know you're going to enjoy this， I also know that you're gonna love to attend live。

 And in addition to that， I'd also encourage you to attend a live boot camp in field trading with me where we can do stuff like this on a whole other level by giving you personalized feedback going out me holding your hand。

 my team holding your hand and getting you doing it live。 So that being the case， I'm very。

 very excited to present to you at long last， the hot seat classic addition。

 and we're gonna be going deep into the older paradigms of success women the current day real social dynamics was built upon。

 I hope you enjoy it。 Thank you for watching。😊，And I'll see you soon。🎼。

I'm going start off by showing you a little bit about my job and what I do。

 and basically is coaching。 So I coach guys live in the field。

 and you're gonna see me here out in the daytime just doing a little bit of coaching。

 and there's a guy who's very stiff and love this guy。 Love this guy to death。

 But he's just a little bit stiff and you're gonna see me work with him。

 Now I get a little bit kind of intense and crazy when I coach you'll see me doing things like like zero cell judgment。

 zero cell judgment and things like that。 The idea is I'm trying to change him。 Now， this video here。

 you're gonna to see it。 I'm coaching him for a bit。 but you'll see him by the end of the night。

 smiling laughing， in a much shifted state。 And I want you to watch how I kind of get him moving and critiques that I give him so you can get a sense of how all plays out。

 Now you're gonna to see Julian here。 clowning and saying like that he's like you know。

 he's from Australia and like all the stuff。 I want you to notice how he's just sort of joking around。

his general approach to a day out very frequently in success of women。

 It has less to do with what you're doing in the actual interaction。

 It's more to do with what you're doing in between or with people who you're not even trying to sleep with。

Most guys， their actual game is not the problem。 It's what they're doing in between。

 They're walking around this kind of stifled state。

And then they try to loosen up as soon as they see the girl instead of having fun with everybody。

 So watch how Julia's kind of doing that here and notice the difference in energy that Julia has compared to like the younger kid。

 Ab。 Yeah， thiss2。youddy。You guys bring it bring it， you guys just collecting go， Oh。

 don't be a fucking bogey。It's your breath how old are you？

my dad raises great hands for living American perhaps South America we live in Kentucky how's that going。

Like， how funny is that， He said he's got a destroy accent。

 I think he just said he's 19 or something。 He's like， Toddy， bring it， bring it here。 Like。

 he's just enjoying himself。 Is that girl。😊，Someone who you got into successfulive women to sport around is your girlfriend。

Maybe not to be fair， but how much fun is Julian having。

How much easier will that make it when he sees a girl that is intimidating to just smoothly merge in。

Because he's enjoying it。 Also， how much is he taking away the pedestal from the really attractive girls by being able to have fun with everybody。

 So he's simultaneously warming himself up， pumping his mood， becoming social， enjoying life。

 because it's not just about girls。 It's about enjoying life。😊。

And then he's making it to where his mood is not dependent on that super sudden girl from being into him or not。

 So I love that。 And is's always guys that don't do that that are like， I'm not gonna to do that。

 She's not for me。 Be， like this。 And then when the Hawker goes by。 there's like， ba。

 And then doesn't work。And then they get in this weird cycle because they want a technique They like。

 what's the technique to be to stay in my bare state， but still get laid。

 And what's funny is even the gottly， they wouldn't like it。😊，Consistently as a side note。

Guys in that frame， when you ask them， do you enjoy sex that much？ Almost consistently， they say， no。

 they're like， you know， I really don't。 And I'm like， why do is like to win。Right， so they're。

 they're in this trance that if they think they get a certain result that they're going to love life。

 but it doesn't work。So joins having found everybody。Right now， you got to physically run。

 then engage， engage hard too， fully commit to it， let it out。Ma my。I my。Yeah。are you。From to 생각해。看过。

算掉了。ゃ。Look guys。that。And。I。Really。Re。What he's doing，99% of guys would never have the bulls to do。

 I'm sorry。 but when I was first learning this， I was terrified to go do something like this。

 So even though I don't look sympathetic。 believeve me， I'm very sympathetic。 I'm like God。

 what he's going through right now， But I also know it's not gonna help him to be like， is it hard。

Is it really tough， Are you scared。 Yeah， right， So I w to actually pull them up to my level quickly。

 So whenever did I even teach you a boot camp。😰，I try to get clients almost delusional to the point where they're gonna be as good as I am within like 3 fucking days。

 And they're pis They're like， why I' not quite able to do quite what you could do。 You know。

 I've been doing it for 15 years。 So， but I try to be like。

 I tried to hold them that standard because we will gravitate to the standards of the people around us。

 So I'm trying to hold them that standard。 as if like anything less than fucking crushing。

 It is stupid。 So that's the kind of frame I'm trying to put them on。 So you did good。

 You walked and that's an improvement。 But what was the first fucking look that you had when you came out。

 You look like this。😡，Let that mad at yourself。Like that。

 Have you ever seen the video that I did where my is what was my frame after every approach。

 Do you remember who the fuck would have the balls to do that？

 How many guys you think would have the balls to fucking can actually try to walk up on two girls in the fucking Lincoln mall and go talk to them。

 how many guys have the balls to do that exactlyact So you're looking at like instructors。

 you're seeing them crushing and you're going well can I crush it like an instructor that did this for a decade every day。

😡，But that's not a fair comparison。You see。 So what you have to do is， again。

 when you come out of that， be happy。 Look at the positive of it。 Okay。

 this is very frequent on boot camp。 One of the most important elements of any program is I'll continually ask a student how was that。

 And they'll always be like， it's okay。 No， not that great reader like that， right， well。😊，Actually。

 as as dumb as I'm making that sound， it's pretty reasonable。 There's answering the damn question。

 But if you ask me， my mind doesn't process that。 My mind is like， it's all fun。

 Who would have the pulse through the shit I just did， especially sober。 That was fun。

 And I'm viewing every interaction fun。 I'm viewing the rejections is fun。 I'm viewing the good ones。

 It fun。 They're all fun。 It's a moment of your lifes adventure。

 There's also a pragmatic Maciaavelllian。 highly effective reason we do this。

 It's because it fucking gets results。😊，It doesn't mean not to learn。

 You can still learn from what you change， but it puts you in a better mood。

 If every time that you have an interaction that doesn't result in something amazing， you're like。

Let's get out at your mood？You're fucked。 You are fucked。😡，And then you'll never get a hawk roll。

So how can you make it so that just by the act of going out。

You'll get in a better mood leading towards a hotter girl。View everything。 They're all fun。

 They're all fun。 So when I see him come out of said， he rolls his eyes or doesn't look happy。

 I know he's on a path to success。 Well， both you guys are there， if you're gonna do it， then do it。

 if you're not gonna No no， no， didn't That wasn't a real stop。 You didn't want them to stop。

 Your intent was for them to leave。😊，Your strongest desire that you projected into the universe。

 as they say， was， please leave， I don't know what I would do if you stopped。

Please fucking leave okay please leave this is what you' were doing You're like。

 please go please I don't know what I'm gonna do I don' what I don't know what I would say if you stop so go okay what if you desperately wanted them to stop。

 how would you act？You would fully fucking that was an 80% commitment you can't be  90% commitment is not good enough。

 95% commitment is not good enough， 99。9% commitment is not good enough it's 100% commitment it's going be like no。

 no， bold is fucking stopping like this either way。That 80% shit is even worse， that's uncomfortable。

 making them stop is comfortable because at least they can get a clear energy from you and you're fun。

 you're fucking cool and spontaneous and sexy and hot and fucking cute。😡，This shit like。

Like that kind of shit just like。Like that， imagine some person comes up to you is like。

Imagine how scary that is， what if someone just comes play？Lalay that want you to stop， it's like。

 hey， yeah， but have to be to do that no make yourself fake it right here。

 they assume they're going to stop you're going to make。cool， it's cool。嗯。Where guys。

He comes from communist Europe， by the way， have you guys ever experienced communism？

what I'm saying to him is I believe that he wants the girls to go。 and he can't believe that。 he's。

 no， I want them to say bullshit。 He wants them to go because he doesn't know what he'd say。

 Who here relates to that。Yeah， every guy does， right， That amazing girl goes by。

 You don't want to stop because you don't know what would happen。 So your intent is。

I just want to say that， I just want to count that I did the approach。

 but you're not actually wanting her to stop。 So when you want her to stop， she'll stop。

 when you want her to dismiss you， She'll dismiss you。 She'll do it everyone。So you got to want it。

Hello。Carly。No know。Sorry。Yeah。Okay， but you knows how when Julian goes in， What's his vibe。

 He's just like fuck yes。 He's ready to go。 So that's the point you want to get to。 have。😊。

I know all of them alreadys Frances that's there。Okay， what you say。

 how do you do it so smooth because I don't get a shit， Carefree。 Everything is carefree。

 You have to， again， what you what are you doing， you're bringing， you are carefree。

 Let it go and then just go into her bubble。 You want to lose all tenseness and just let it come out。

 He would stop cars。 That's pair of sunglasses。Did you guys just。mo Do you come from Canada。

 in Canada， where Canada Oh， that's called the prairies。 Did you live in a grass hut。

Throw a couple of jokes at her and try to get her sit on the bench。

 throw a couple jokes and say it the bench let me show you some pictures， do it now， come on dude。

Very one。What。一遍。Yeah。Okay， good approach。 She looks more natural， looked better。

 So now what you have to do。 So the first layer you've got。 Okay。

 what we've been talking about you got。 What's the next layer。

 The next layer is you've got places to sit there， hit her with some funny and then sit her down because you have to ask yourself Okay。

 well， then hit her with interesting then hit her with。Paash on。 I hit her with something。

 hitter with something that shows that you were good at bad。 Okay。

 hit her with something that shows that that if you fucked her， you wouldn't just be like。Yeah。

Like that okay， yeah， show something for God's sake， right。

 and then what you do and then assure that the mix。

You know what I'm saying right here just two seconds。 Let me show you this。 Okay， okay。

 and then she says with you。You see him saying， right？

Because what's happening here is you've got the baseline down， but then it's like。

 where are you going with it？You know what I'm saying， where are you going to go with this， okay。

 she wants to be open super bad， you can see it on her face。是。Okay， get it to sit the show pictures。

 get it to sit， get us it right now， do it。啊。I been the is I。Do you want to see that？

Do you are you sure you don't want to see that No wait wait are you sure that you don't want to see that Could I ask you for permission Wait my two twos like this S。

Like that and then before I go before I let you go。Are you sure you don't want to see that。

 What am I looking for here， I'm looking that she's smiling。

 that she's enjoying it and that she's giving me green lights。 You would never。

 never do that if you didn't see the green light。 So don't attempt that。

 if you don't know when she's gonna enjoy it。 Now， in this case， what do we see on her face。

 Big smile， big eyes loving it。😊，And then that case is fine。 Now。

 I'm giving him a hard time because I'm trying to pull them up to my standards。

 So I'm trying to lay in negative emotional anchors on that type of behavior。Are you really， really。

 really sure that you don't want to see that？With dad。I'm just kidding。

I love you Oh thank you Oh so hard oh my god it's so hard to be retard， it was to go。

You're taller better looking than me， why can't you do a buddy？Toler better looking。

 you don't even going involved。Why did I got fucking chicks like you're tar better looking at me。

 I thought that's how the game was， how it looks， hair。

How come a little balding ginger like me can do that。 So I'm antagonize him a little bit。

 right I'm as teacher I take different approaches with different students。 In this case。

 I'm antagonize him a little bit because I want to lay negative anchors into that behavior。

 So I'm trying to just snap him out of his chancence that because I want there to be more pain to that behavior then then so that he actually will be afraid to do that kind of behavior。

 So I'm laying down a bit of pain， but it's so playful， and he just keeps building up and up。

 like not even 1% pressure。0 pressure， not even 1% pressure0 pressure， fully commit， not 99% commit。

 fully commit10% commit0% pressure。100% lead is 0%。Judging yourself。Okay， zero sub judgment。

And zero subju。Zero sub。Now， I'm basically hypnotizing there。 I'm not doing count to Ted hypnosis。

 I'm just repeat， I'm trying to redo the neural pathways in his brain。

 So he's like0 cell judgmentment。0 cell。 I be。 I do not care。 I do not care if this happened。

 I do not care。 I do not care。 I do not care if the girl does this。

 I do not care if the girl doesn't I'm。 I do not care。

 don't just keep repeating it the students like like that。 And he just doesn't care。

 But you combine that going out and crushing it。 You't sitting in your basement doing that。

So I'm trying to get him no self judgment， no self pressure， but still engaging。100% commit。

100% commit zero self judgment。 Do you understand what I'm telling you， O， none。 It's all good。

Hi there。Pleasure， I saw you。And I had to tell you what's that are you a British person do you come from Manchester I come from London London are you from where are you going right now what's that？

Are you going to eat？Are you looking for a girl today？I have fear that when girls come to Southeast。

You， I went to a club called the Wall。 See how quickly you can be engaged with the right girl。

 It's crazy how that works， right， The open was smooth。 just band like that。

 And then I start chatting。 So she's not forced to contribute anything。 And then I start leading。

 So it's like smooth。 assume familiarity。 Sa that word， assume familiarity。 Okay。

 assume familiarity and then lead。 last night， Have you ever been there。😊。

Do you like it How long have you been in London for？Yeah， or sorry， Miami。That。Okay。

 and how long are you going to stay for？Okay， Ed， what are your goals which you would like to accomplish？

Miami other than making out with a girl。Should out。Sill out。I've lived there for three months before。

 I did yeah。In Argentina， Rico that to neighborhood， and I also was in。ARo de Janeneiro。

Which is quite poverty stricken。Have you ever been there。Are you like 13 You just turned 21。

No congratulations。 I think that's pretty cool。 Do you know where the diesel store is by the way。

 Do you know where the diesel store is。Have you ever worn dieizzel jeans before？He做ジ。

Do you think you would like some？안。You're trampy， you doll up when you go out。Really。Okay， okay。

 that's cool。 I'm normally much prettier than this， too。

 when I sha when I sha Do you see how she said， I'm normally much pret than this。

 This girl throw heels， blood her hair， throw the makeup。 pushush up bra。

 What do you think you're looking at。 It's amazing how that works。 So the thing is。

 I know that she's like that。 So I'm kind of referencing it right。 I'm like， oh， do you only do up。

 you know stuff like that。 The other thing， too， though。

 is that what type of conversation am I doing with this girl。 It's not what I'm doing。

 It's what I'm not doing。 I'm not putting her in an overly logical frame。

 I'm not getting into her political affiliations and religious values and' gonna argue about。

 I'm not getting her too serious。 I'm keeping it light。

 attractiontract between a man and a woman happens naturally。

 So basically what you want to do is you want to keep it nice and light so that the mood is just going up。

 So it's tough as a guy。😊，If you've been a nerder， loser most of your life。

All you want to do is talk about technical den shit because your mind is seeking a way out of the hole。

You follow that intelligence， like。I'm going to tell you guys the goddamn truth。I'm so fucking smart。

You guys don't even know 10% of what I got going on here。 You got know about 3%。

 even watch all my fucking vis。 I'm one of the smartest other fuckers you meet in your fucking life sitting right here。

😡，And it's embarrassing。It's humilile hitting。 Do you want know why。Why am I that smart guys？

Did the cool guys getting laid in high school develop brains like that。

Did guys getting laid having fun and going to parties develop brandss like that？

Do you want to know where this came from？Isolation had a lot of time to think frustration。

That had a lot of motivation。Desperation。I kind of want to kill myself。😀And so， this happened。

From years of。Get out of this hell。Maybe this is a solution。 Oh no， What about this。

 That's how my brain turned like this。From a lot of shit。So here's the thing you think being smart。

Is what you need with girls。 Do you think you need to show her。

 Do you think when that girls sucking the dick of a bartender is cause he has a PhD， Is that what？

 because it's great big break。No。No。No。The girl knows when you're a little too smart。

 you're compensating。She knows it。You're trying to compensate。Just from one word， if she's smart。

She'll know how smart you are。All that it takes is one word to recognize if a girl's highly intelligent。

One little thing that she says that shows nuanced intelligence， You know， she's smart。

 So if you want her to check off the checklist that you're smart。

 you don't need to bogger down in smart talk the whole time。 I've even had one girl。

 I remember I walked up to her and I said， she was acting the one retarded。

 And then she mentioned she had a really demanding job。 And I was like， oh， shit。

 I thought you're smart。 Look how you're talking right now。 She goes， at a bar。

Even a highly intelligent girl is going to be a wild dork at a bar。

 So you don't need to drag in a bunch of negative shit because。

If you get into anything self qualifying。You're dead。O， you're dead。

 My mind from years of isolation became so overactive that I had to spend half a decade stopping it from being that active。

 Does anybody here feel like that。Your mind is too active。 It's too fucking active。

 You don't need any more smarts like that for work， yes。😡，But not for pimping。 for pimping。

 you need less control muscles， more release muscles。 It's a different set of muscles。

 Those muscles that are like， I gotta figure it out。 Let that go。The more that you let it go。

 the better。Okay， the more space that you can get going in here for game， the better， fluid， fun。

 relaxed， that upt shit is a compensation。😊，Even girls that I mean that are too smart。

 I know there's something wrong。She's too smart。 It's a compensation。

Very few people develop highly active intellectual minds because things were going great。くれ。Some do。

 But you've got to learn to just let it go。 By the way， the smart thing。 I'm。

 I'm just exaggerating just to shock you。 But the point is that I have a very， I'm。

 I'm actually also simultaneously fucking dumb in a lot of areas。 But the point is like， it's。

 I want to show you that。😡，My intelligence。It didn't help me。 It helped me with my business life。

 It didn't help me my game。 It， It helped me to analyze game and to teach it。But learning to laugh。

 help me in game， learning to relax and like， go， help me in game。

 Learn to enjoy someone's fucking company。 Help me in game。 So that's what you want to get to。

 Just enjoyment。 Okay， not this brainy shit。 Just enjoy。

 If you love talking about brainy shit and she'll laugh with you。 Then you could do it。

 But notice here how light it is。 It's very light。 Hagar and Zoolander。😊，It's like blue steel Yeah。

 yeah yeah， yeah， I went you a place like that earlier this year， it's called Sedona。

Have you ever been there， Where have you been in the States， This is your first time。 Okay。

 do you like it， Do you feel that there's a lot of credit cards and hamburgers。Yeah。

That's how Americans that's how Americans imitate。 That's how Americans imitate people from。

Or that's how British people imitate people from America。They're like， can I， they're like that。

 They' like whatever。I've been like， could I get a hamburger with my credit card， sir？

We can be related to me and you， by the way。Would that be weird？That would be strange。 Well。

 we would， I think we would be like related from。far back enough that it's not like。You know。

 it's not like really that bad。What have I talked about？Where she's been。

Haburgers credit cards and incest and zoolandander。 So basically， it's very light。

 It's no controversial。 And do I need to do more。There's no need， there's no fucking need to do more。

 So basically what's going on here is I've just got a chat without fucking it up。😡。

If I can chat without fucking it up， I'm good。 So if I just relax and just let it flow， I'm good。

 Now， we'll do exercises。To cover that， what's that， to live， You guys can try numbers。

 Two good clubs are mansion and live。 and they。Are both pretty good， but they're very loud， though。

 Do you like loud post。What。啱。Like the typical like EDM that's very popular。Lets see。Mansion is like。

I told my friend those tickets is。Okay， so what happened there was I merged it with another girl who I was with and got a number now。

 why did I do that？Could I pulled her here， maybe？I think I could。 Why didn't I。

Because I'm burning a fucking bo。 start my life。So bootca。

 they joly call you're getting paid not to get laid。Some like as an instructor。

 you have no idea of mental discipline。 Like， Ill be， I' like making all the girl pour a car。

 She's like driving me back to her house after a block， I'm like， okay。

 I'll pull over cause I got to go back to students。 I'm like pull over， please。 They'll be like， why。

 I mean， what's going on？ I'm like。😀Just。Do it。Do it right。

 And you feel every cell in your body is like， fuck you， fuck you， fuck you。 and then。

Then you get out。 And the soon's like， oh， that was really cool。 But what happened。

 I didn't quite see it。 Could you do it again， R you're just like。😀Yeah。😊，So。It's like cell pain。

 like every cells you didn't know you haven are like， fuck you。We trusted you？

We trust in you to reproduce。 we did this for this。No man should ever have to experience that。

 No man should ever have to say no to sex。 That's the worst thing in the world。

Even Bill Clinton can't say no to a fat she get him blow job under a desk。

 We're not built to say no to X。But you know， I've learned。That's one goingal， I think。

Getting out of cars to teach Bo out。It's like， why it's like， I'm jumping off this guy's head。

 What other head can I get onto。So basically， I'm on boot camp。 And， you know， what would I do。

 though， What would I do with her。咁你。Just he knew what I'm doing。Don't leave。 kick it。 Hang out。

 Go places。 Hang out all day。 How fun is that dude， It's so fun。 She's got a cool personality， young。

 slim， attractive， fun。😊，Edjaimateated， traveled， great girl， meet her like that。Meanter like that。

 And yet。Was it zero to 100 or was it process？What was the process。So。Well， think about it。

 I carried that other girl up the street， right， Look how smooth that open was back here。

 Is there any reality that you do this when you just rolled out of bed。It's all good。Hi there。

Pleasure， I saw you。And I had to tell you what's that are you a British person do you come from Manchester come from London Londona are you from where are you going right now what's that？

Are you going to eat， I'd love to tell you that， you know， I roll out of bed。

 coat my beard a little bit。Roll down the street， and。But while that happens occasionally。

 it's anomaly。Why was I in gear to do that so smoothly。我们的。

Because I've been already approaching other girls。 I already scooped up the other girl。 I'm already。

 you， chatting， by the way， with scooping up the other girl， is that always appropriate in the day。

Would that maybe more likely be？Frequently inappropriate， particularly the day。

So it's truly only if you know that the girl wants you to do that。 Otherwise。

 you would never do that。 Okay， so I would hate for someone to watch this and run around trying to do that。

 You're really gonna make your life quite miserable。 Okay， instead of fucking a girl。

 you're gonna be getting your ass fucked in jail。 So be careful you know， it's like， you know。

 you want to be doing the fuck not getting fucked So be careful with that type of behavior because you will get。

 okay， it's only what you know the girl finds that fuck and exciting that you do that。

 but the basic idea is that and it's 1000% obvious when you see the science， which I'll teach you。

 Okay， you know， when you have consent from her， you can do it Otherwise you don't do it here。😡。

It was nice and smooth because of the process。 So Im even rejections I' view this part of a process。

 anything getting social is part of a process to get to that point that you've got a girl who's like。

 you know， talking about doing three seasons with you and fuck all that shit。 Now。

 look at him at the end of the day。 Okay， this was back a couple years ago。

 I wasn't filming my boot campes actively。 So I wish I had like we were at it all day。

 And and by the way， all fucking weekend。 So it was pretty hard core。

 But just look at the changes of his demeanor， even just here。 I like way it looks How do you feel。😡。

What's that Yeah I try to be like as much relaxed as possible Yeah， it kind of like works now okay。

Look at that。啊。And you look happier like。feelYeah， it's crazy， you know。

 a lot of this don't be mad at yourself， modern society conditions shit into people in my that's in my X。

Yeah， your own name a dirty little girl Are you are you a dancer I am Yeah， she's a dancer。

 Do you dance at Madonna's。It was not that kind of dancer what kind of dancer like the girl live Oh no。

 she was like a nasty little girl like I told don't criticize me。

 I shy about it being open and honest about my past。😊，You dated this ever， I did， yeah。Like。

 dirty little stripper， like tea pants says， I fell in love with the strippers。And I actually did。

 but she's also shiveror and you just inverly and insulted her Did I what they didn No。

 you caught her， you her Shes not a she， but she looks like she could behu。You felt it。

 feel are real？Do you live in Miami all the time？ Girls love to touch each other's tits。

 Girls love to make out of each other， and girls love to fuck each other。

 So you want to take advantage of that because then。

You can get into a lot of situations similar to like an adult film。

 and it's actually easier to get that than it is to get laid on your own。

Girls girls love to be part of a team。 You know， girls like to be on the team， right， They love to。

 they love。Like more fun for them。 You know， it's like， it's like they're into it。

 and the hot the girl， the more likely that they're into that， the less hot the girl。

 the less likely they are into that。 A lot of girls have dated to other girls， all searches shit。

 They're all about it， all about it。😊，Okay看。How cool。没。Ceral' City， everyone。reallyally good。

It's not part of the charm。That's everybody says about New York it's part of the charm。

We're going to a Russian bath house now where you strip down naked and go in Assana。

 you should come you love it I never know if you guys about that's where we're going right now Ba house is true You're coming with us。

回。Well， you know， yeah， it's actually pretty cool。 Have you ever been on， No， no。Can say that嗯。No。

 it's amazing， It is amazing What does it say？Yeah。Bath house bathtime。明かねど。😀Yeah。

And I like clapping like， yes So that there， it's like， of course。

 where else but South Beach are you can ever go dressed the fucking9s at the mall， You know。

 I don't know how much you see that here in Chicago。

 like just ran girls like doed up like that in the middle of the daytime。 But in South Beach。

 you'll see it。 What's that， Not a frequent thing。 Well， that South Beach。

 I think she's going to some interview or something。

 But the point being is like the major key there is that the girl that I'm with is cool。

 And I don't fuck it up。You catch that。 The girl I'm with this cool。 I don't fuck it up。 So。

 you know， that， what's impressive at that last little bit is not so much what I did。

 What I did is really not that impressive。 It's more along the lines of。😡。

That I was able to enlist another girl to get down with that。 That's the more impressive part。 right。

 It's like it's the pre work that you put in together with that point。 Yeah， the with Yes， Yeah。

 not at day before， but yes， what's that， Yes， that's called tanem hunting。 That's correct。 Yes。

 you do。😊，Thanks， you do， you， sex a girl。 And then if she's in girls and she may want to go out with you and meet other girls together。

 so that can be funny。 No， no， she's a girl who I've， who I've been with at that time in my life。

 But the girl is not super comfortable with it。 How do you culture her into that。😊，You don't。

 you just get another girl Well， are you with her monogamously now？You just， don't。

 you're trying to verbalize that you're like， do I have permission。

 but just take her out and get her makeup out with girls and get her having fun。Too much thinking。

Yeah， you're waiting， you're wanting her to do it for you。I mean， I'm being very proactive。 Yeah。

 Okay， why talk about it， though， right， It's like， it's in the moment。 Okay， because a girl。Look。

If a girls sitting there at2 o'clock in the afternoon and you're like girls like other girls I call a shit。

 they're like， what the fuck is wrong with you， dude， are you crazy？😡，Get her out in a fucking party。

 musics， playing， dancing。Like that。 And some other girl comes。 I' like， like that。

 they start making out。 it's completely different。 There's different parts of her brain。

 You're trying to get the wrong part of her brain to want to do it。

 get the part of her brain that enjoys it to come out and then structure it。😊。

And then when she likes it， then cool and then reward her heavily。

Rewardder set positive anchors for that behavior。Also， don't be like， oh。

 we can't be together if you don't do it。 sayy it's like， it's like having。

 it's just like an adventure。 It's like something fun for us to do mutually together。

 to strengthen our relationship。 It's not about you need it for the girl。 That's creepy。

 It's like she's not enough them。 That's weird。 Yeah， it's just about the fun together。

 reinforce her that you would way rather have sex one on one。😊，It's way more fun out sex 101。

 but it's just something entertaining to do。 It's like a prank。s like a big prank。

 And when you're fucking the other girl， looking at your girlfriend and be like。また。She's like， yeah。

 you know like that。 Yeah， don't be like， don't be like in the corner。

 like fucking this girl while you're chicks in the other corner crying。Yeah。

 it's about the girls and experience。 Do you guys see that the same stuff that you're learning in general and clubs works in the day。

 But the thing is， it's harder to get videos in the day because there's less of volume of girls。

 So in places like Lincoln Ma， Miami， Union Square， New York。 You've got a high volume。 Really。

 it's not about daytime or nighttime， it's about high volume versus not high volume。

 So you want to practice in places where there's high volume。

So whenever you got a great place for high volume， you do it here in Chicago。

 What do we have for high volume， festivals， What else Michigan have， How about the beach， the beach。

 I't know。 I'm asking State Street。 Okay， you want high volume。 You want to be able to practice。

 You want to be able to get there and go boom， boom， boom， boom。

 as opposed to sitting there dwelling on it when something doesn't go well。😊。

Here's a very basic interaction。Very， very basic。Very bread and butter type of interaction see I couldn't tell if you were lying。

Latina， Port。You can even look Asian maybe。 So I'm talking about her。 Are you Portuguese， Latina。

 So she's curious what she looks like。 That's right off the open。 The open happened。

 many of my opens happen so fast。 My cameraman can't even see it happening。

 Want to know the best frame for opening。 I've ever heard my fucking life。

 This will transform your entire opening game。😡，Opener doesn't exist。 It's already open。

It's already open。 It's an illusion。 Try saying that yourself all night is already open。

Opener is an illusion。 Every interaction is already open。 There's no opener。 Stop dude， stop opening。

 It's already open。 You will open with so much familiarity。

 assumed familiarity sensorensored me flying open。 So notice how it's like nice meeting you going。

 bam。 It's as if the opening didn't even happen。 right， Oh， you have this。 You have that。

 the conversation。 It starts a mid conversation。 It's very frequent in videos I post online that like。

 there's a bunch of comments to say， I want to see the opener。 I'm like， that's the opener。Let me。

 where？It's here like， didn't you have to go up and be I am Owen cook， Who are you？

Maybe chat fuck that。It's like， oh， you could be Asian you know， you just start like out of nowhere。

 Bam， you're already talking。 You already know。That word is called assumed familiararity。

 Say that with me。Fantastic， okay， say the opener doesn't exist。 Say it again。

 The opener doesn't exist。 Every set is already open。😊，Every set's already open。0 judgment。Yeah。

The opener is an illusion。Every set's open。And death he has a name。Was that club。 Yeah， oh， yes。

 Sa world domination。Yeah。Just kidding。Okay， so you have black hair。 your color What are we seeing。

 Eye contact when a woman looks deep in her eyes like that。

She'll have this thing I call the anime eyes， anime eyes or the Bambi eyes。

 it's where literally her eyes， some guys are like， what is this bambi eyes you speak。

 what is the diameter of the pupil？Remember I talking about being too smart。 That's a great example。

 It's， it's an honest question coming from a good space。 it' an example of that。 Now。

 the key here is that。Actually。It's a feeling that you get。

 You'll know when the anime eyes are there。 You'll see me oftentimes walking by a girl surrounded by dudes。

 And if I see those anime eyes I'll be like， hey， come here。 everything girl comes as guys like。

 how do you know she come， You feel the vibe of it， You can sense when she's in that mode。

 So if you're seeing this deep look into your pupils， Why is she doing that。

She's seeing if you're going to demonstrate lower status because you can't hold her gaze。 Now。

 some guys over concept are like。I will not break contact with you， I'm ready to fuck， I'm tough。

Okay， it's not like that。 It's， it's not like that。

 It's more just like you're so chilled that you don't think to look away really。

 So it's not like this holding the eyes。 I know because like if I take time on game for a while。

 sometimes I'll try to hold the eyes and goes like， you're very intense， like。

stop staring at me right。 And I'm like， yeah I'm game。's， she's feeling it。 You know， she's not。

 It's just like it's too much。 It should be more like a relaxed。

 no need to look away because you're just relaxed。 Okay， so she'll be looking your eyes。

 And when you're just relaxedly being indifferent and because you're indiffer。

 it was right in eyes about flinching， she starts getting attracted。

 So she's here getting the anime eyes。 And that means I know it's moving in good direction。ow。

 because black hair。 but is your hair color my hairs darker Yeah， natural really like hair。

 This is my natural hair dirty I don't know。😊，Bnyoneone， babyone。found out something。来点。

I think I look Asian。With the glass here。In a black hair。

Even could liation with them look if I wore this even out of theation。You see。like。

That's my first test。So I go like this。And when she pulls back。Is that okay。

 So I want you to understand here the difference between。Fluirty resistance and real resistance。

In real resistance。The enemyime eyes go bam extinguish。So those big bright eyes like， yes。

 they're like new。 like that， you'll see it in the eyes。 She's done。

 The second that I see those eyes go out， I retract to make her comfortable。Okay。

 this is why I can do a decade and a half of meeting women。 No problems。

Because as soon as those little eyes got， I back off。 Now， in this case。

 let's look at her eyes as she's backing away。You see。Yeah。Big huge smile。

Maintaining eye contact looking deep into my eyes as I go nearer。I just go her to her shoulder。

 smile gets bigger。Yeah。Then I go like that， then she goes， like that a pleasure。

Why don't even call it play， what did you call it excitement， glee？So she squeals in a good way。

 That's a sign。 So that my next test is like w， like God， just very simple。What she say， predictable。

 right， because she likes it。 How's her smile now， It's even bigger。So I'm really， though。

 only at 50 seconds into the interaction。先。Back on。Very nice。

I'm even putting them on a little bit awkwardly， but she doesn't want to break attention。

 so she's holding it。Always under the hair。Did I get it？Iなが。Here's my next indication it's on。

 wash the hands。What does she do with her hands， watch， wash her fingers。系啊。She holds it first。

She's getting me。 She knows this up。going danceAre you gonna dance， right。

 More indicators of interest， Big an eyes， hands class week on me， squealing。 I like it。

 So what does that mean， It's on。m very dance male supervisor。😊。

Are you really are you going to give me a laptop really I don't know， open lip kiss？A minute。

16 seconds。Girl stone sober。She's cute to shit， nice to little body， pretty girl。Fun， smart。

Minute fucking 16 seconds， I would ask you how many guys at this girl's work dream of doing what just happened here day in and day out as they talked to her the water cooler and all the shit and would they ever believe that she would make out with some random ginger？

In 76 seconds of meteor。They never believed that she could do that because she's different。

 game wouldn't work on her like her。What does that even mean game wouldn't work？

Being attractive wouldn't work。What does that even mean， That's the realization that even a nice。

 good girl。This。Who's a sweetheart will make out with you quickly if she's put through the right processes in her interaction with you。

 Now， what have I done here？What are the things that made this work， good eye contact， good。

 steady gaze leading。Random conversation like we talked about from the day game coaching。 light。

 easy， no big deal。 The light conversation provides a kind of， I don't want to say distraction。

 but an occupation to the mind as the sexual communication occurs。Did you catch that？

The light conversation。Means that there's an occupation of the logical mind。 So the eye contact。

 leading physicality， reading of vocal tonality， reading of the dynamic can occur。

 So you just keep it nice and light。 While the real communications occurring。

 So it's not that you're actually withholding communication if anything that overly logical talk is breaking is putting a cutting。

It's creating a wall between you and her having real communication， the important communication。

 which is a sexual communication。 So I've stopped worrying about。

 am I communicating the right things verbally， And I'm like， how can I get the sexual communication。

 that， that undertone of subcom going。 So now kiss her。What's your outlook of this。

 you do if I sit on the couch， I will do you in the bathroom or anywhere you want。

 anywhere that you want。Now， look at her face right there， I want to point something out。

I don't care if I made $5 million fucking dollars， and I changed a whole fucking world one second。😡。

And had a cool little song on my arm。I will not look that happy。

All that it took to make a nice sweet girl that happy。

Was to tell her that I would do her in the bathroom or wherever she wants。 Now。

 there's this whole frame in society that says men are the dirty men that want sex and women don't like sex。

 but just dispensse it when you're nice gentle。 But in reality， women enjoy sex。

 in my opinion more than men。 Women when they orgasm。 I've never had an orgasm that powerful。

 I've never like crying。They could even score more than us。They can score it more than we can。

 if you make them square it properly， O， if you get them fucking going like that。Like。

 look how fast that is。 Okay， that's nerves。 My nerves are moving faster than I'm even conscious of。

 It's like， scary you。Where。I love you。like that， they love it。 Women enjoy sex。

 So don't believe for a minute that they're not enjoying that。

 Do you believe for a minute that this girl does not love having sex。No。Look at this face。

What would I have to experience to look like this。I've not even。

 I don't even have the capacity for this level of joy。 And that's not even sex。

 That's just referring to doing her in the bathroom， or she wants。Just even mentioning it。

 the mention of sex does this。The mere mention。That I would do her in the bathroom。

And she's exhilarated。And guys believe that women don't enjoy sex。 Are you fucking crazy。

I go at my buddies。 I'm not like， we might have sex。Look， look， I can't do it。去年。I can't。

I can't do it。嗯。I can't， I've tried。I can't do it。 So she loves it。 Okay， she's so happy。

 So make women happy。 Your frame is to share value。 Am I providing value here。😊。

Share value anywhere Oh youre bad。 you're bad。 I'm not a male stripper yet。

I dream of it my lipstick is okay。It tasted good， didn' it， it does。dear friend like my friends。

 I don't know anything she's cute adorable What is Why she saying your friend like my friend， Yeah。

 she's hoping that we can all go together。 A lot of girls your favorite way to have sex is like in the same house or room as their friend getting fucked。

 Why do you think from a woman's perspective。 That is。 no judgment from the friends。 Yeah。

 have fun together。 No judgment for the friends。😊，Come swapping。 you just kidding。 And they but。

 but most importantly， imagine if every time that you want to have sex。

 the person that you're having sex with was so much more physically imposing than you that they could also beat the shit out of you。

Think about that。 Like it's like， I really like this guy。 But what's he gonna。

 is he gonna start sending me dick pigs， I he gonna like inappropriately just start whipping it out and fucking getting all creepy。

 I gonna want to pee on me what's he gonna want to do and do do this shit。 Ask girls。

 guys do shit like this。 Most women have had terrible experiences。

 So guys get mad at girls like rejecting him and stuff。 I have no problem that。

 I'm impressed that women even talk to us at all after the shit they go through So it's okay that girls maybe want to bring a friend。

 Maybe they need reassurance。 Maybe at times， you've got to back off when they show any discomfort so that they can see that you recognize when they're uncomfortable and back off。

 a lot of time， that recognition of discomfort。 like the anime guy eyes go out for a second。

 or maybe she doesn't squeeze your hand and you back off， she goes， oh， he gets it。

 So if I go home with him。 and I change my mind， he's not gonna You're showing her that。

 So the ability to back off actually gets you laid backing off is attractive。

But it doesn't mean you got to run away crying， but just back off and let it breathe。Okay。

 and then women feel safe。 So it's very critical that women feel safe from open all the way to close。

 Even when I'm in be the girl， I try to leave a pathway that she can leave whatever she wants。 Okay。

 I let her know she can go。😊，I'm at a point in my career where typically I make a girl beg to sex。

Just make her be like I'm like， are you sure？I this fun for you。 this is what you want to do。

 you sure about this。 I don't know。 What do you think， right until they're like， please， please。

 please， I'm like， right， you know， like that's very common。

 And the thing is because I call that attract don't suce， right， But， you know。

 sometimes you gotta just keep amping her up to the point。 That's what she wants you to do， too。

 So take it case by case。 But generally speaking， it's like， you know。

 the ability to back off and to recognize single signals is so， so， so， so， so powerful。😊。

Its one of the best tattoos ever life is beautiful I like it you like it Yeah good are you person I'm pretty You seem like ayyy that's just lying that's just lying here come come to thve。

 you see the leading there just be up okay， come over here lead。The seat is over here。我分点。

I'm not making eye contact under there， but frequently when I move girls， I hold eye contact。

 And the reason why I want them to see the safety of my eyes。

 the eyes is the safety mechanism where they can see what space that you're coming from。 Very good。

 So if I write me to girl and I start moving her。 I hold eye contact。

 I'll be like that to see where I'm going when I hit a wall person。 But I try to hold eye contact。

 And then I talk as I'm like， oh cool， you seem very interesting。 Yes， Yeah， you're cool。

 like that right and I move them， they feel safe to move。 But she's she's kissing me。

 that it not gonna be deal。😊，See， now you guys can sit beside each other。I scary。

My middle name is actually Gary case' she keeps looking down at my lips with her eyes again again。はい。

I mess up my lipstick， I don't hear you。I think it's good。That was' that was't my pleasure。

Oh thanks classy thanks that guy， if he's buying three drinks at Roosevelt。

 that could be anywhere upwards of 60 bucks， like maybe 18 or 17 to drink。

 I don't drink alcohol like what's the fancy drink cost in the nice place？179，10。 Where are you from。

 Yeah， wow，9，10 bucks in Kansas。 Yeah， So you see my point right， Well， I'm from fucking Hollywood。

 Okay， and it costs 9，10 bucks to breathe one breath， so okay。Yeah。So basically like。In cheap。

 compared to like California right here， it's like that's for a really high fancy。 but okay。

 so in Hollywood。Yeah， it's like you get a mortgage and you get the fucking drink。 And basically。

 that dude， let's say you paid 17。 So now he's probably paying 65 bucks for three drinks。

 Imagine you took two girls out to the fucking bar。 You dropped 65 fucking。

 And you come back End with these two fucking idiots。 And she's already been making out of them。

 Imagine that。 F crazy， right， But yet， here's， here's funny。 It took me。😡。

Fraaming it like that for a moment to really think about it。 But when you watch it。

 do you feel like that's an issue？You don't write， neither do they。They don't think it is either。So。

Now， if Gary were to come over and he went， bitch， I spent fucking $65 to get your mother fucking drinks。

 You're making out all these dudes and you're about to go off of them。😡。

What the fuck is wrong with you， how would he look？Needy jealouss， insecure， but is it no。

 absolutely not。I think he's 1000% in the right。It's outrageous that this is happening。

Welcome to the world of being a man in this day and age。

The shit that you will see will be fucking outrageous。

 and basically what these girls are wanting from you， they want it all。😡，They want it all。

 they want you to care enough to take them out and get them under。

 but they want you to not care what they do and be completely unneedy。Its madness。It's like。

 it's fucking madness。 Okay， it's fucking madness。 Well they're looking for。 Like as a guy， like。

 they want you to be like this romantic guy to want to get married。

 But then as soon as you actually show any fucking neediness or like get the fuck at your in Gar jealous and fucking loser man。

 needy creepy。 go away。😡，But yet， you should also want to like marry her。It's crazy right So a man。

 you want to be a good guy， you're like， hey， I want to meet a girl， I want to invest into her。

 I want to fire fancy things， I want to be a good dude， but then the more that you invest。

 a lot of time you can get screwed over。The problem is。The girl is always in abundance。

 She's always in abundance if she's young and hot。A girl who's young and hot。

 The value is just tilted too much in her favor。 There's too many dudes coming。 So as a man。

 this is where a couple things kick in。 number one abundance。 You got to have abundance。

 So you got to be at a point where it wouldn't even bother you。

 It's like you're already practically in the club looking for who else is there anyway。

 So you wouldn't care。 So now she's afraid to have guys come by the time that you come back because you're in abundance。

 Also， you wouldn't even care。 You just find some new girls to like share the drinks with or you just drink it yourself。

 If you did want to grab those girls back a better way to do it。

 maybe be like joke around a bunch of people in the group in the area then theyre like。

 Gary's having more fun over there。 And then then he just like drinks their drinks。

Gives their drinks to other people or he puts them side temporarily。Or maybe he comes over。

 starts tickling them， and then they laugh。Tses me a bit。

 throws to go over his shoulder and walks over of her。

But going over and bringing up anything negative， even though he's in the right， he looks needy。

 So as a man， what you learn is you can't win by being logical in these cases。

 Usually I don't want to， I don't want to tell you what to do。 Figure out for yourself。

 This is just my experience。 You got to field tested。

 Maybe there's a girl out there who would want you to come there and tell her how bad she's being right。

 But my experience with the girls just like， they take what's very legitimate behavior and they call it needy。

 It's like you could be having text with the girl who has a boyfriend。

 And the boyfriend's texting her while she's fucking you。 and she's like， God， he's so insecure。

 And you're like。😡，😀，You're like， yeah hat， right so。嗯。Like， okay。I think is when is's legitimate。

 I don't know。 that's called insecure， it's called maybe aware has instincts but。Regardless。

 you want the only way that you can deal with this is by stacking a bun in your favor。

 Let me make another very brief small point。 I I've talked about that length in other places。

 Frankly， when I see what a lot of these beautiful women do to their x'es and how they mind fuck their x's。

When I see them doing this to the Rexes， it's so cute。

Their X is like hitting him up every two seconds， He's going crazy， he's devastated。

 It's kind of funny。 You're like， oh， that's so cute。Until you realize that if you are in scarcity。

 you might be going through that same mental hell。 When all seagirs do this。

 they try to pull that on me。 It's so cute。 It's almost like watching a snake inside of a jar。

 biting like a stick。 and like the teeth throughout and you can see the teeth and like the venom is coming out and you're like。

 damn， if I let you out of that jar。 you could really fuck up my day right Like you see like a scorpion pokeking his tail like on the edge of the jar poke poke and in the jar。

 It's kind of funny looking。 It's like It's like the little Scorbion poke in his tail in the jar。

 a little bit of venoms coming out。 Si Scion It's cute。 But if you let that scorbion out。

 it poke you。 that shit will fuck up。 you're fucking month。😡，That's abundance versus scarcity。

 If you go into scarcity。 and now those girls there are the only thing you've got going。

 and then you go spend 65 bucks at your're deeper investment。

 you want to rationalize your investment。 you come back there with couple of fucking dummies like me and me and my buddy there。

 Oh man。 that's gonna fuck up your fucking day。 So you must stay an abundance。

 Now here's the other thing。 And this is also key key key， key key key， Major key。 Another one。😡。

You're paying very close attention。Your mind is always going to tell you that the girl' is too busy。

She's always going to appear to be on the move。 She's always going to appear toling better to do than you。

 These girls do。 They're there with Gary。 They're getting free fucking drinks。😡，And yet。

 when you have the value， does it matter that they're busy？So you've got to get out of that thinking。

 Now， when you start your night， you have what's called RA S reticular activation system。

 Your RA S is going to tell you， she's too busy。 She's too busy。 She's too hot。 She's not hot enough。

 She's the dude。 She's too busy。 It's gonna keep making excuses。

 Pay fucking attention to what I'm saying。 You got to pay attention。😡，Okay， so。

If you don't realize this， what's going to happen is you're going to learn all this and you're going to go out tonight and you're not going to approach anybody because you're going to continually think that they are all in the move。

 Now， if you keep approaching， what's going to happen is your mind is， okay， try to follow this。😡。

Your mind can't talk to you in English。So what your mind wants to say is。Hey， mother Bookcker。

 listen carefully， we're in a Ford environment we've never been in this cave tribe before。

Because for hundreds of thousands of years， we were in cave tribes。

And if you go in a new cave tribe and you start having sex with a girl and you don't know who her man is。

 him and his bros might come and kill you because no law' has gone invented yet。And if you don。

 if you don't have that instinct， you're going to be weeded out。

 So it's actually healthy that you have that instinct。 So don't approach anybody。

So just wait until you know the deal in this environment before you talk to anybody。 Go it， buddy。

Brainshake。Same team here， dope。Deals a deal。That's what your mind wants to say to you。

 it wants to say yo， we're in a new environment， don't go hit up the girls here until you know who the dudes are and where you stand。

😡，But your brain can't speak to you directly。 So it tricks you。

 And it does use this thing called R S Reler activation system。 It's your selective focus。

 and it makes you think mistakenly that every girl is too busy to be approached。

Who years ever felt that when you go out？Every fucking girl seems to be too busy to be approached。

 It's a trick of the mind。 It is a trick of epic fucking proportions。 So when you go out。😡。

Observe that function of your mind。 Be happy that your mind functions like that because it means your mind's healthy。

 People that didn't have that part of their mind got weeded out because they they'd be like huming some girl because they're like they're just like there's a girl。

 hum， hum， hum And then they they hear like a group。

 like a gang coming up behind guys grunting with rocks。 they're like， and they're dead。 Okay。

 probably try to like busting out right as the rock comes down like get it in。 maybe they do。Yeah。

That's what I would do。So。Your mind's strikinging you if you keep approaching。

You'll have an RA S Select focus flip。 and the flip will say。That girl's got six guys around her。

 probably gay e。Oh， that crs across the street。This drive the streets better。 hey。

 She's riding her bike。 Probably wants to ride her bike to bemi。 you know， right。

 Like it'll see So it goes from thinking every girl's unapproachable to the point where you can't stop approaching。

 Who's our right where you just kept approaching。 And by the end of it， you can' fucking stop。

 So make your goal。 Make your fucking goal。 that you're gonna keep going until you have an R S flip。

 That's your only goal。 You're like， oh shit。 My R S to tell me that every girl's on the move。 Well。

 I'll just go be really awkward and approach it anyway。 right， you just go b when you do it。

 And then you feel like bangang。 By the way， key major key。 another one。😡，Two hills。

 two hills to cross。 The first one's on seven eighths， next hills，91s。

 and it's the nines1s and seven dayss per that environment。Per that environment。

 if you're in the hood in Detroit。The girl thats says6。In LA。

Is a fucking 20 there if you're in Alaska。😡，The large lesbian。Is1 thousand， it's the only warm hole。

That's not an ass within miles。 So， okay， and it。Very subtle key here， observe。

How your mind is attuned to the status dynamics of a situation。 observe， observe。

 observeerve your mind。 And notice that if you're in say， a city like D。

 C where there's not a lot of like modley type girls around。

 That girl is like a high 7 feels as though a 10 in that environment。 And yet。

 if you're in L A in a Hollywood club， you wouldn't like even have any intimidation at all。

 So what happens is your mind， wants something called proof not promises， say that word me。

 Pro not promises。 Sa it again， You've got to prove to your mind。

 you won't get hit with a fucking rock。 prove to that brain that the rock is not coming。

 You do that by doing couple approaches。 What happens your brain goes， oh， shit。

 no alpha males came to drop rock in my head。 And then what happens is your swag opens up。

 Look at the cycle here。 Very key。 Major key。 Another one。 The cycle。😡。

You actually are too afraid to approach。Because your mind is saying， don't approach。

 But then what your mind's also doing is it's clamping down your swagger and charisma and your verbal skills so that you won't approach。

Dude， stop and fucking about this shit is crazy。 Your mind is turning off the volume on your charisma to even more make you not approach。

 But what happens is if you force your way through。 Even on girls you're not that into。

 and nothing bad happens。 Your mind opens up a little more charisma。 And you a little more to say。

 But here's funny。 We have a bit more to say， how do you feel about approaching other people。

 way easier， right， way easier。 And then you approach more people。

 And then what happens to your mind in the charisma tab。 open more。

 Who heres ever felt it' the start of the night。 It seems like everyone's too busy and you got nothing to say by the end of the night。

 It seems like everyone wants to talk and you got endless shit to say So that's why you show your brain proof。

 not promises。 but you're going to see the girl。 and your R S is gonna to say no， no， no。😡。

And you've got to make yourself do it anyway。 Okay， And then keep doing it until it says yes， yes。

 yes。 assumeum that at the beginning of the night。 It's like this trance roller coaster。

 The start of the trance' like， nope， too busy， too busy， too hot。

 not hot enough on the way with guys。 And then you want to go through that trance。

 go through the fire。 And then by the end， you just want to approach everybody。

 realize that when you have the value， they'll stop。 Look， this girl had place to be。

 but she'll stop。 It's an illusion。 sayy that with me。 sayy her busyiness is an illusion。

 That's the key。 Every time that you think she's too busy。 Remember Gary，70 bucks for the drinks。

 She went with me。 Okay。The boots。Oh how are they go like that upgo I think they're cool Yeah they're Yeah。

 I got them to Beverly Center。Any what。enta color's pretty colored I am， but it wear black。

If you are black， you're pretty safe。没有。If we have babies， will not be going。来烦了。

And no one in my family is going。Andine。Canadian fortune。I already put one in there， by the way。

When you're holding my hair， the tell happens really fast。She was to be swollen with my seed。这んで。

Al belly。有没小。The cheese are cute。Now I'm not drugs but we were going to find our friend to ring。

Look like she's having funna looks like she's having fun。You still a de里面。

Why are me if she's me if she's？To not a。那个。明显。I'm tanning and I'm out taning on my chest so still pretty pale it's just something that happens I don't know。

 I get car now。White， get your carel in this。じめの。Yeah， this is a big tan for me。

 I'm usually really killed。The trusty stays pretty stays。

Because that's where your center power is something that。Now。

 notice that she's the one who's not like in a dramatic way， But in a very slight subtle way。

 a little more nervous。 The one who feels like she's gaming the guy。

 she is she is a little bit more self- qualifyalifying。 She's a little bit more in her head。

 she's little bit more inner insecurities。 Sometimes it happens， sometimes it doesn't。

 But when you gotta realize that as a guy， it's an illusion to think that women don't want to meet guys。

 they do。 And when you're just relaxed， often they become insecure。 It's crazy， too。

 even with like these stunning women， the more beautiful they are。

 the more that they think they're like a six。😊，I've dated girls that have been all sorts of magazine covers。

 And I'll be like， what do you write yourself。 And she'll be like， honestly， a 6。 And I'm like。

 why do you like one girl？ I said， why do you think that you got put on all these magazine covers。

 She's like， you know， sometimes you just gotta fake it till you make it。I'm like。

 what the fuck does that even mean， Like， what do you mean You faked it when you made it。

 Like what the fuck are you。😡，What mental jumping jacks have you done to convince yourself that you're a6 while being featured in world worldwide international magazines for your beauty。

 And then it's like， no， I faked it。 I gotta fake it until I make it and。

It's because they compared themselves to other women， also。Here's the thing， okay， this is critical。

Human beings， we trade ourselves how to think。So if we're like， oh。

 when my business gets to this point， then I'll be happy。 When my business gets this point。

 then I'll be happy when my business。Guess this point that we'll be happy。

 What are we trading ourselves of？Happiness later， happiness later， happiness later。Happiness later。

You're trained on it。If you're a woman， you have re activation system。

 you will find a way to think you're ugly if you're in that frame of mind。

 Many9s and tens of believe there' are sevens and6s。 And when you just walk in relax， they're like。

 oh， shit， this guy's so cool。 What's you gonna think of me， and the frame totally flips。

 You're gonna see a lot of different styles of game for me。 You'll see style where I'm like a dick。

 You'll see where I'm sweet。 You'll see style where I'm hard to get。

 You'll see style where I'm like not aggressive， but just like leading hard。 And。😊，It can vary。

 Sometimes I will talk logical。 I am responsive to what the situation would best benefit from。

 So if I know the that girl really wants to talk deep， like。

 I've spoken with girls very deep and logical before and watched them go into transfer they like。

 you're so smart， but it's very rare。Sometimes I'm just completely di。 They love it。

 but it's more rare。 So it just depends。 General is I don't want to interfere with the important sexual communication with a bunch of over logic。

 the overlocked， like the over talkative logic stuff。Creates a barrier between you and her。

 So I want a clear channel for her to just a little bit of occupying her mind while her instincts can feel the sexual stuff。

 Yeah， because it's really cool like seeing like like what you're saying really has no like straight line to。

 you know， sex。 But like the the very small like intricacies you're doing。 It's like just pushing it。

 you know， pushing the needle forward is actually having a And the fastest way from point A to point B is a step at a time。

 A lot of guys think the fast way to point in point B is like jump over all the steps。

 But they keep coming up short。 And then they just keep making this failed attempt。

What I believe is that。The fastest way from point A to point B is the right way。You know， it's like。

 if you want to win a basketball game。In basketball， analogies to game is so common， like。

 for example。You have isoball and you have ball movement。 You guys know the difference。

 Isoball is when some guy's playing hero ball， and he keeps just trying to take shotss by himself。

Ball movement is the best teams， Chamanship teams。 They move the ball until they get what's called an open look。

Okay， do you guys know what to open look is， it's a clear shot。

 which is a high statistical chance shot。If you're playing basketball and you see that you have an open look。

Even if you didn't move the bowl， you take it。You got to open look。 Take the fucking shot。

 It doesn't matter if you move the ball or not。 But if you don't have it open look。

 just shooting at it， that doesn't make you a hero。 That's not a faster way to win the game。

 That's a slower way to win the game because it won't work。 So what we do in basketball， Well。

 I can't play basketball。 But， you know， what you do in basketball is you move the ball till you get an open look。

 What I do is I just make it fun and chill and get to nowhere。😡，Until I see that she wants to kiss。

 And then I kiss here， It was at a minute in with some girls， it could be 10 hours in。

I don't kiss until I know she's going to like it。 If she's not going to like it。

 there's no point in doing it。So you do it when she'll like it。 Class example。

 How many of you guys here barely knew anything about RSD and showed up at this event。

 Put your hand up。Okay， one guy， so you're like the guy。Who's like the sluty girl？

😀She's just got fuck like that。 I love you。 You're my ideal client。

 How many of you guys have known about R C for about two months before you came here。

 put your hand up。😊，Okay， so that's a small number of people。 How many new  six months to a year。

 put your hand up That's， you know， and then how about it took over two years to get over here。 Okay。

 so look at that。Now what I do is I put out free content for you to enjoy， I'm not pushy。

And then I say， there's a hot seat coming to Chicago。A couple guys like yourself， you're like， fuck。

 I'm ready。That's like the girl， this horny。 she wants to get a fuck。Again， I love you。

 love guys of you。Other girls are like， no， right， I don't keep getting to know me。

 The guys in here that maybe took two months。 That's like a couple minutes。 until a kiss。

 Then you guys here there were like a year。 That's more like an hour to the kiss。

 And then you guys two years。 that's like the girl that you had to like get her all the way home into isolation。

 maybe even date before a kiss。😡，Okay。So the thing is。You know。

 probably the girl that took you home right away was a smart one because you're a good guy。

You didn't need you。 You didn't need to like watch 9 million videos to say。

 I value my time more than a cheap little program like this。 I'm coming。 I want to now。 Good for you。

 But just like if a girl realizes that you're an amazing guy and wants to go home with you。

 Good for her。 but not every girl's ready to do that because same reason that you guys weren't ready to come here right away。

 It wasn't because you disliked me wasn't because maybe you distress me， I mean， maybe't know。

 But maybe don' don't even like or me now。 But the point is like。It's。It has nothing to do with that。

 It's just， you did it when you were ready， when it matched up with your timeline， et cetera。

 You know， when it matched up with your possible timeline and when it。

When when you just felt comfortable with it， Okay， so that's when you did it。

 So same thing with girls， another side point， though。Very powerful point， too， about value and。

Her being too busy is an illusion。 How many of you guys here actually had a lot of pretty damn important shit to do today。

 but came here anyway because it was high enough importance to you to be here。 put your hand up。Oh。

 look at that。 F like 80% of the room。 That's like the girls。 they've got shit to do， too。

 But they'll saying talk to you the values there。 It's like what I was saying earlier。 Why is that。

 Because life forms， Orisms have shit to do。 Organisms don't just sit there like dirtp。😡，I mean。

 I guess maybe in this country， maybe some do。 But you know what I'm saying， right， in America Do。

 but。People got shit to do。 So in the same way that you guys cleared your schedule to be here if it was worth it to you。

 the girl Wilowov Gary。And all that， if it's worth it to her， it will happen。 You know， So， I。

 I mean， imagine if I was like calling each of you individual like， what time would work for you。

 Would this date work for you， Would this day you， it would never get done。 So just bring the value。

 Find girl connects with it。 I would like it。I was going to carry around like a caveman。

 but that's fineman Yeah like this。Just like a lot of silly fun there， right。

 And if you think about it， that's a very bread and butter type of interaction。 Go up。😊，Chat， thanks。

 you don't go up。Chats。Kiss， build her poor。 little bit of touching。

 Don't give in to her wanted to make out， make out， make out。 Sometimes you do。

 But I didn't feel like it would move it forward in that case because she seemed like she still wanted to。

And then， you basically just。At that point， you basically just like。Pull。

 right it's a very bread and butter。Common type of interaction。 Okay， now those there。

 that's your bread and butter。 You're going to do tons of those per night。That was a nice。

 slim cute girl， Fun， flirty， pleasant。 You can do this shit until the cows come home。

 Was there anything that I did there that you guys feel like you couldn't do。 What was it。

Most of us here。We can't do what you just did there that's true if you walk up to the girl。

 you can open， we can get her eyes and focus on us。

But the way you were sort of bantering with her about just free flowing。 we can't So here's the key。

 Is it because you don't know what to do or is it because your mind is varying in all these other fruitless directions。

Former ladder。Right， what it is。 It's actually to walk up and go。 what racial background are you Oh。

 do do do do kiss， Oh， hands。 Oh， yeah， oh， they like each other here。 Come to the couch over here。

 Oh， yeah， I got my boots here。Anybody can do that。 But the problem is we think we got to do more。

 we're start self-quing。 We start getting too much in our head。 We start chasing their approval。

 They can feel us chasing their approval。 it throws off the status dynamics。

 maybe if she makes out we make to make a deal of it instead of just playing it cool because when we play cool she starts to crave our validation right women like two things and guys。

 one is just raw attractiveness like a guy she just wants a fuck the other's validation because I'm a balding ginger。

 I don't get a lot of sex off of like yeah。😡，wantant this Yeah right that's not what I get。

 but what I do get is the girl things I cool and fun and then because I'm kind of like chill about it。

 she starts to want my approval， who years ever desperately wanted the approval of like a six or seven who you got to crush on it at some point in your' life maybe when you're younger。

😡，In's that funny。Like I had crushes on like a 65 when I was in high school that was like overwhelming and like all encompassing。

Well， why did that happened， Because I got caught in a loop of that girl's validation。

 Who ears is I had a girl dump you， who you didn't like anymore。 You were thinking of dumping her。

 but she dumped you first， and you desperately want her back。 Who ears I've ever had that。

That's validation。 You get in this validation fucking loop and you start chasing their approval。

 It's the craziest fucking thing， man so。😡，That's happening。

 But instead of like this big punch of it， it's just like I'm just playing it cool。

 and it slowly goes up till she wants validation。 And then that makes her wants sex。

 And girls often when they feel a need for validation， It's like they want approval in the tribe。

 follow this。 follow this， follow this， They want approval in the tribe。

 how do they get approval in a tribe in the caveman brain。 F the alphas or the dude's or whatever。

 Okay， fuck something。 So when girls start to crave approval， they're like， go fuck something。

 So if you start chasing her approval。 then it's like， don't go fuck something。 like you're good。

 save it。 So basically think about in those terms， who has ever had a girlfriend who always want sex from you。

 maybe since you learn game。 But she's like， you know。

 it's weird because with my previous boyfriends， I just never want sex。 And I was never horny。

 But you have always horny。 Who heres ever had that。😡，Okay， couple of you guys。 Allright， Okay。

 quarter of the room。 I get it all the time。 course I's like。

 I never even started coming before we started having sex。 You're so good in bed in my mind I'm like。

 what I do。Like what I really do， it wasn't that you're that good in bed as who you were。

 And then it became exciting。 And it created more of a powerful， subjective experience for her。

Keep that in mind。 Just have a look at this Stylistically。 I get the roads chasing just a little bit。

You just brush my dirt off my shoulders？还有那个。I like， oh my God， you're here for real。

Do you want to be of course some crer？Now I met that girl a long time ago。

And she look at her response there。 Do you remember I said earlier that meeting women is about having fun with everybody。

 Well， she's a really cool chick。 And， you know， she's short hair。 She's fier or whatever。 Look。

 I'm not a prize pick myself。 How am I gonna hate on a girl for not being smoking hot with what I got going on。

 So I have fun with everybody。 So I had fun with her。

 Well guess what it pays off because when you're cool to people Maybe they got friends you want to meet。

 So in this case， she had a fun experience with me and we'll see how it pays off。 way better。😊，Oh。

 I'm so by。I love her reaction there。 by the way， She's like， you didn't call me， though。 I'm like。

 oh， I'm so flaky。 And then whatd she do。😊，Didn't care， that's what we got to be like。Okay cool。

 keep going， not a self esteem issue。Even better don't bring up that they didn't do a call， you know。

 But yeah， it's like I like your response there。I had a bar with him in LA like three days ago。

It was so buming out the world I did not want to be out you were there， right？No he with me。

 else is with me he was not there No there Danny went without you， I met him in LA he was like。

 I want to be in Phoenix in a couple。In L， you's scroll here。 Now， I'm。

 I'm gonna have this come out on film at some point in this clip and her eyes will be sensor。

 But look at those nice big eyes right， and how pretty it makes her。 And she's from South Africa。

 And just look at how she's It's a shame because for the home version of this。

 We'll never be able to show the eyes。 It's such a piss off， right。

 But you guys can see the big animes here。 She have these nice big eyes and look at how she comes in and has immediate attraction here in L。

 you from Mequa。I've been there。have ask me anything you want to know about South Africa。Ce Town。

 Johannesburg， Gor Park。Sbby Sands。开's。This coolGohannesburg。Victoria。

That's where Nelson Mandela did his trial， right？现在。是家。You see that that little scar you have there？

I have the same scar right there。Chicken box，你 know how I got it。His teas wean for having the。

Go out there， so I scratch it off。Now， what's weird is that a lot of other people have that。

 Anyone here have a little dot right there。Anybody here。 know， well， apparently， a lot of girls do。

 So I'll see it， and I'll make commonalities with them with that。 Also。

 now I'm getting a bit old for this。 But how many of you guys have the。

 the bar under your teeth or your braces。Okay， I'm getting old for this。

 So what I was younger because I have like， I don't。

 anyone younger is like what this fucking bar sounds crazy。 Okay， what's that。

 A lot of people still have it。 Okay， well， I think they don't use as much anymore。

 but I have a bar in my teeth。 You can say to goes like， look， I have a bar here。

 And if they have the bar。 they're like， you have the bar。 I the dot。 You have the dot。😡。

Anything like that is great。 Like these like fast commonalities are fantastic。 Another great one。

 one of the best。 Who here can recognize people from Ethiopia。😊，You can just recognize them。

 If you see someone from Ethiopia or thing that' called Erittra， could just go Habasha， Haba Sha。

 they fuck it。 They go b。 They're like。😡，Right， and there's all these different little ones like that。

 Like if you know one word in the language。 And it's just like like just like one like Brazilian like ohgado Kaazak Kamihu。

 it means like， thank you， you're welcome。 And then it's like， I wantna marry you or something。

 And they're like， okay， So like a lot of time if you can just recognize as a little accent。

 or a little background。 It's like a fascinating little thing。 And it's kind of fun。 I enjoy it。

 You may not。 in which case， no worries。 Now here I'm just point out a little dot。

 And let's just see how it progresses。😊，1你再见。一个发。I love your accent so one that one didn't really connect Dar Road and and a miss。

 who cares？We weren that。Right far。So you didn't come out to Kbar。

You never came out a Cr bar that night you're a smoker No。

 you're so beautiful and hot and lovely I wanted you to marry me What is this？

We have to get rid of this Vegas。Here， I'm a small with you done， no， no， I can't Do it。

 Just to do once。I can tell you once how can you be smoking？

Are you into health at all Are you into health at all woman？아니 유 나。You do yoga。

 this year is one of my favorite things I've ever seen in all infield footage。

 The delusional nature of hot women who no one will tell them the truth。

 And the laundry machine of misinformation that occurs because every man they come in contact with wants to fuck them and will say anything。

 Look here。 she says， I， she's smoking cigarettes。 One of the single most unhealthy things you can do like。

 like talks talks about yourself。 And I'm like， are you into health at all。 Yes， I do yoga。

 and then she goes。😊，Ha。😊，Not joking。Not joking。Fully with a cigarette poking out of her fingers。

Cigarette poking out in a noma air or whatever that thing is with the cigarette out and thinks it's legit。

Anytime you're ever jealous of whathawk girls have going， just remember。

 at least you get accurate feedback。 Okay， at least when you're like， I'm healthy。

 with the cigarette。 someone's like， dude， what the fuck。Instead of like， yes， yes， come to my room。

 So any time that you get a rejection， be happy， you get feedback。I'll think something a little dark。

 You're not that funny。I've never personally felt super terrified if I were to lose my mobility and be in a wheelchair。

 The reason why I know that's a harsh statement。 But a reason why there's so much of experiences is like in in your mind anyway and using your mind。

 I mean， it's not like I'm that mobile at this point。 You know。

 I'm not exactly doing like the fucking 26 mile marathon here。

 I kind of just stumble from like my car to my house。

 It's really not that much to lose at this point。 it is。 but it's not， but whatever。 Okay。

 but do you know what does scare me about it。 Here's what terraifies me about it。😡。

What scares me is when you're on the elevator and everyone looks down at you and goes， oh my God。

 sorry， go， go like that， And you're like， dude， I'm cool。😰，You see what I'm saying here。

 people feeling sorry for you。Being victimized， I could deal with that。

 But I don't want anyone to feel sorry for me and treat me different。 That's not cool。

I would deal with it if I was in that situation。 I make the best of it。 But the point is。

I like it that I get rejected。 I like it that people give me a hard time when I'm being a fuckup。

 feedback is good。 You guys see that。 So anytime you get a rejection， just remember the smoking yogi。

And that could be you。 Okay， yes。Look at how seriously she takes it。 Look at it。 She's fully into it。

Fll on， clueless。Okay。30 will come， and the magic school bus ride will end。

A hawk road in her 20s is on a magic school bus flying through the sky。 And the planets are like。

 hello， Cindy， and she's like。😊，AndAnother person's like， Cindy， you're the best。 She's like。

Like that， just on the school。Like that，30 bam kicked off the school bus。

 At least you're never on the school bus。 So you kind of just deal with it。 you know what Im saying。

 right so。Be happy， you know， just enjoy it。But you just like to smokeug cigarettes？

I'm going to help you， okay？I'm going to help you。I'm going to bring you to your sister。

I just took a picture of you intended。See how I grab her hand while looking away。

 grab her hand while looking away。It's actually a very basic stuff， but when you're not used to it。

 you're like， I'm grabbing a girl's head while looking away， I'm piimping， I'm piimping。

 I'm piimping， right？The fact they suck or I do a lot of gamb bro。

 You should be asking why I haven't levitated in the sky by now。

 But the amount of game I've done this sucks。 Okay， like I should be so much better like。😊。

What always say to guys， I to do is like， yes， what I do compared to the average guy who's never tried is's definitely way ahead of that。

 But for how much game I've done。No， like， it's like， I should have been way better。 I'。

 I'm lightly autistic。 This came so hard for me。 So every little thing that you're seeing me do well was like months of me。

 Like， so then you would do the hand。 And like， that's like it was painstaking so。

Watch show how I turn to her。 Watch was like you。 She was the most b woman I've ever met。

 She was like。Right now， I do not want to be here。 So I'm taking away attention from her now。

 You see that。 It's just a different style。 You don't need to do it。 There a different style。

 I was like falling asleep at the barrow。 so mad。 She had her L A look down。 she's just telling。そ。

The Germanids were supposed。在吧。难 know我要叫胡文珍。Interestingly。

 I understood nothing of what you just said right now。 Now。

 you saw the ham thing when I put the hand out， she grabs， which is good。

 But I kind of I tease her a little bit。 interestingly I understood nothing of what you said。

 Most guys tohawk grow won't say that。They won't do it， right？ So you know。

 I say women like assholes。 That's sort of what it means。 And yet， is that really an asshole。

 It's just playful。 The accent got too thick。 the time But it was hot。

 I like that I don't understand you means you can't piss me off。 Okay， let's review the push。

 pull in there。 Okay， Watch， push， pull， push， pull。 watch。😊，Interestingly。

 I understood nothing of what you just said right now。

 I know I understood nothing of what you just said， push。But then I clasp hands for reassurance。

 pull， like push away pull。I understood nothing of what you just said right now。

 I The accent got too thick。 accent got too thick， push， but it was hot， but it was hot， pull。

I like that I don't understand you mean I like。Pull that I don't understand you。

 P you can't piss me off。 It means you can't piss me off。This right hit。そ。You know， and yet。

 and to be fair， she loves it。 right， So， so it's pushable， pushable。

 You see how many of those are hamed and when it's like， do it， my dad。It's like。But she loves it。

 you know， it's fun for her because it's different in his emotions， so it adds value。

Somebody's misunderstood about game in the mainstream， by the way。That it okay。

In the mainstream universe， who's the world's most creepies man to be around a girl。😀Julian Block。

 in my universe， I really have， if you said to me， pick one friend that you know。

 One person you know that you could leave like 50 girls and they'd all just love him and say he's hilarious and be completely comfortable around him。

 You know who I pick the Maybe I pick Julian， And you want to know why。

 Do you think most hot women have a problem with guys like teasing them and soving them away。

 Most hot women have a problem with guys being needy and stalking them。

 So when you tease them a little bit， it's for their comforts。😊。

It's saying I'm not going to fucking stalk you like your 19 ex boyfriends did。

 I'm not going to threaten to kill myself and blame you for rooting my life。 I'm chill。 It's for her。

😡，I'm teasing her for her。 I don't have some need to make I don't have a need for that。

 I'm doing it to add value to her night so that she feels at ease so and to give her emotions。

 So it's actually win win。 Okay， It's actually a win， win。

 when you push away a little bit playfully to show her。 I'm chill。

 It's a way for her to tell quickly， He's cool。 I can feel at ease。 I can be myself。

 Most girls have like6， most really hot girls like 6 X dudes。😊，Proposed to them。

Hit them up with a million tags。Their phones are blown up。

 Go look in the text messages of these talk girls sometime。Ask to see their phone。 It's like。

 like that， you feel so dumb。 You're like， God， I'm one of these。 Good God。 what chance do I have。

 Am I ever gonna to have sex again， There' like endless dude hitting them up， In many cases， not all。

 So， but teasing a bit， it just puts ready that you're not gonna be one of them。

I know I never understood what she said。Have ever you ever got it to bring it to South Africa No it's scary No。

 it's cool I win。You know what she can defend you she she'll been right in you were name dropping on the other you're like。

 oh sub sitting like to go to Tokyo and Hong Kong I haven't been to Tokyo。

I tried to steal it from her to save her life she's trying to get my attention， but what do I do？

I'm still withholding on the friend。 I'm going to pimper。 I'm going to pimper and save her life。

 I'm going take her to the end of the rainbow。 I'm gonna to pimper push and save her life pull。

 rainbow。 Take her to the end of the rainbow pull。 I'm really sure out right now。😊，I expected to see。

 I was like， I'll see that girl concert。Really。LA was like Argu out of her。the August。

Like fuck it let you go out， really。Yeah。So she does yoga。

 she does all this like smart stuff herself。我。I hate her。 Now， I'm doing look at the laughter。

 And by the way， I'm doing that on high points。 I can recognize she really wants to say something。

 That's when I do it。 I don't start randomly doing what she doesn't want to say anything。

 doesn't care。 So when the energy， the more draw that you have that she wants。

 the more you push away。 Look， it's just like sex。 Let's say that a girl really wants to have sex to you。

 And you just are rubbing your cock on her cl， rubbing it and you're like， I'm not gonna put it in。😊。

I'm not gonna put it in。 And what happens to her arousal that point。 It enhances arousal。

 It's for her benefit。' you're amplifying arousal for her。 You're making it fun and exciting for her。

 A lot of guys have this like mental issue they feel it's inauthentic to do a little bit of pushing and pulling。

 a little bit of teasing like why would I do it， I like her。 Why would I do it。 It's like hold up。

 That's like saying like you're like， well with sex。 I just want to put it in。

 Why would I pull it out and tease or clip with my co， You know， and say I'm not gonna put it in。

 That's anauentic。 I want to put it。 And of course， I want to have sex， It's fake。

 do you authentically want to increase her arousal。 Are yeah a nice guy， Well。

 then maybe you could do it It's a paradox。 So So it's like。😡，I want to increase her desire。

 comfort and arousal。 So I'm playing with her a little bit。 It's just flirtation。

 People take this like basic concept of flirtation。 and they try to make it inauthentic。

 I've seen guys go as far as so like if you even dress well。

 it's for girls inauthent An authentic actualized man would just do what he wants。

 An authentic actualized man wouldn't flirt because unless you truly wanted to and why would he unless it' for approval It's like shut the fuck up and game。

 Shu the fuck up and pimp it。 Okay， you got your head is too far up。

 your own fucking ass at this point。 Okay， youre too suck in conceptual work what is authentic。

 What is not you need to game， go pimp it and these questions will as that carto says dissolve。

 like what is authentic， is it authentic to push and put into flirt。

 what to sit there in a garbage bag and your own shit。

 because you shit on yourself is authentic It's like。😡。

Go game the question at your shit and garbage bag will dissolve and you'll flirt。

That's what I would say to those guys， okay， now watch your response here。や个是。What's that？See。

 I'm not like。Right he said just chill like。What's that。Smooth。ま存。かね。do that。 Let's get down there。

You having me right？あ。Hello you love it So I've got her to kiss me。 this why I say a don't seduce。

I'm track， I don't need to like push it。You see a common thread here with a lot of these girls。

 Not not all。 by the way， some of them all will be more leading。 But you see here out the last two。

 it's like， it's to the point that they want that to happen。First name。Yeah。

Thank you for bringing me my newest girl。啊。わ。I like pulling her hair a lot。I had to kiss me to kiss。

Yeah。The thing is here， you want to track her the point she wants to kiss right。

 I a student last night a boot camp and he's like。You know， how do you like。

 get over that chair over there， I go watch。 I just start chatting， chatting。 I don't selfqu。

 I don't get needy。 I'm just having fun。 And she's like， come to my seat。 Come to my seat。

 Come sit over here with her fucking do there。He's like， oh my God， his brain blows up， why？

Because the best move is to do it in a solid way so she wants to。

 but it won't always happen sometimes you have to lead hard。it hypnotize me。

 she's trying to make the blood go out of my brain。あ。So the first interaction was very sweet。

 Like the interaction me was， I can show you different style。 The first one's very sweet。

A boy meets a girl sweet and nice this one here a little bit more hard to get。 you guys see that。

So you can see different stlistically， it's just different styles。Let me ask you a question。

 Park quiz。Baling， short ginger versus tall， better looking。

Guy that is lord in the club running the party with his posters on the wall and has an after party upstairs。

Who wins。Okay， guys always want to say that you can't win。Bullsh， bull fucking shit。 Okay。

 watch how guys that try to use gimmicks like money or their looks。

 What happens when it comes face to face with pimping。😡，你在这活呢。It's her boyfriends。

 committed boyfriend。Thank you。Wow。I was， Owen。🎼what's your in K K USCH， like Mad son。They gotcha。

 My last name is Cook。 Girl， they're just like， work it out boys。 whoever is more higher status。

 That's whose Dick is going to me。 I have no loyalty to either of you。 I don't know either of you。

 You two figured out。 and I'll hop on when you're ready。 That's the frame that the girls have。

 They don't care who's who， They don't care who has more of a connection。

 fucking connect right than the club。 They don't care who they are more in common with They just work out the sad dynamic or the good emotions。

 They go with dad。 Yeah，Hi guys know each other。started dating。He's like， well。

 maybe 10 minutes ago because she's like want the fuck kind of look right now here's the key。

Why did I say， how do you guys do each other？You must。 You must。

 It's a guy girl interaction with just the two of them there。 You can't just be plodding along。

 not knowing the dynamic。 How'd you guys mean。How do guys know each other？Do it。

 She told me many good stories about you， I。Yes， she said that you were like。Yes， me， I'm more like。

like little wet carrot。 that's my first sign。 I can get her。 Okay。

 because I said he's got a big dick and I have a small dick in Gu language。 that's like， oh shit。

 he's got the big dick。 and Ive got the small dick like that right， in girl language。

 It's He is self qualifyaling， He is not so qualifying selfqualification where you tried to impress the girl is a beta male strategy。

 That's why the provider male strategy is uttertracted to women。

 And oftentimes women want to cheat on their husbands because like。

 they have a resentment like you could never have got me and just fuck me out of a club but you use your stability to get me So that you manipulated me So I'm gonna cheat on you behind your back because you manipulated。

 though the guy like， I want have got a law degree。 you know。

 I provided a home a life ma like a retirement fund， Oh my God， baby， Why would you。

 Why would you fuck the fucking bartender baby。 I loved you。 I gave you everything。

 Why would you do it， Because in her mind， the fact that he had to do that to get her She's resentful。

 It's like she's like， you。You waited till I'm 30， and I was insecure， and I needed to be supported。

 And then you dangled the support in front of me。 and I settled on you。 right。

 That's why that provider meal shit blows up in your face。

 But then guys get it twisted because they're like。

 Do means that I should not go to school or I should not get a job or I should not work。

 I should pimp Not everything you do is for a woman。 You do it for you and pay for the kids。

So still go handle your career， but just realize it's like guys like oh I'm just gonna be a lawyer and then they'll come running。

 then they'll come running。 guys say to me shit like， oh， because RSD is grown into a larger company。

 That's why you get girls。 I'm like do you think I want to get girls like that that would be fucking。

 fucking， fucking disgusting。 That is terrible。😡，Good God。 Getting girls using dough。

 that all that leads to is everything that is wrong。 You don't want to be that guy Pimpment。 Okay。

 you get it by using game。 you want her to know。 we had sex。

 I met you cold right out the bar right out the street wherever And we had sex。

 you knew nothing about me。 So she knows in her mind that that you didn't trick her into it。

 And then wants for you be on your back。 And you do it because you want her to realize that you could go get someone else。

 if she's a jerk。 not to hold it of her head， not to threaten her or not in a manipulative way。

 just in the same way that you know she could do it。😡。

Just balances it out just to clarify right there。 You got her investing in you reaching out to by disqualifying Yes。

 steady gaze， show body language。 He's getting a little bit ansy。 He has something to lose。

 I've better game。 He's in selfquification frame。 I'm in not selfquification。

 It's like Rams on on the budding field。 when a Ram submits that selfquification。

 you're like I've got this that's a submission。 you should be getting attraction just by your presence。

 self amusement and your self eseem。 not by selfquing。 Like I've got a big dick。

 and a wallet quick question on So are you looking more the guy or girl I'm looking at the guy。

 but I'm still acknowledging the girl。 a lot of guys do is is like they submit to the guy。

 They walk some alpha male。 Then they just stare at。 like and it's like dude， not cool。

 because're letting you're giving him status。 No， Okay， don't do that。

 What you do is you can chat him。 And then the girl will see the dynamic。 And when the girl see。

That you are status above him。 Look， I hate these status dynamics。 Okay。

 guys always got me there like RC teaching status dynamics。

 Like that's not a worldview you should come from。 I get that。

 That's not what I'm thinking what I'm doing it。 What do you think I'm thinking what I'm doing。

p I'm not thinking shit。 I't like。 I'm not thinking that。

 But I've got to articulate it to someone new to social dynamics。 is there's anyone new in here。

 And someone new may not even be aware that those dynamics exist。 So I tread a fine line between。

 I don't want to turn you into some nerdy guy who's like an alpha male is not like what's the status dynamic。

 An alpha male is just like how fun。So I'm not trying to turn you into that。 Don't do that。

 That will destroy。Your interactions。 But I do have to draw your attention to it to understand it。

 So observe here how the status dynamic is playing out。

 So my first time I could get her is from when she touches。 Yeah， look， look， look， look。See。

 you have big hands， let's see your hands， See， look。

 it would look larger with you because you have small hands。まし。

🎼It means that the little wet carrot would not look as little。 You see what I'm saying。

 What color are your eyes。 I'm giving her opportunities to show to see where to gauge where she's at。

 What color are your eyes。It's round。What's up eyes now he's getting antsy。

 his investment in her is getting question。🎼So。We bite each other sometimes。

 but it's nothing like two having shots， nothing too intimate or anything。N。We friend。🎼哦拜。

I like that。That's cool。 You broke up to pay the $20 cover to get into the W2。

 I'm completely completely baium here。I know this guy's running the party。Some say。

 did you have to pay to get。 What do you think he he's not going be able to resist。

 What's he going to say， Watch， did you pay because what I'm saying is low value。

 admitting that I would even have to pay is low value when it's the guy running the club。

But if I can bait him into self qualification， watch what happens。 I'm like。

 do you have to pay the to like， I know the answer this， watch。

Do girls have to pay $20 cover to get the W， you didn't have to， they give you a orange band。

You said 20， I gave a 20， set in。I'm throwing the fucking of's your party？So I paid you $20。

 He's like， I'm like you paid you $20。 He's like， oh， no， not not really， you know， like like that。

 So he's cause he's like， I'm throwing the fucking party。 Let me ask you a question。

 any time that you selfqu， do you ever feel better as you say it， when you're like。

 Im throwing the fucking party。 What my big dick。 Are you like， yeah， No， you're like， Yeah。

 I'm doing anybody。 I'm my big di You're like why am I even feeling need to say this This got so much cooler than me。

 So he said it。 And now his state goes down。 So the state gap's going like this。😡。

Not really the Ws made me at the party and they collect。So I paid the W $20。

🎼I got to say think this is the nicet now he's about to get desperate because he feels happening。

 Now watch' here's where he loses it。 I have a room hang out thande。 my and I。😊，Campagne on patio。

 really spare birthday。Are you looking at your boobs right now， don't touch them。I got water on now。

 is it got water on your bo？Are we having a wet T shirt contest， girl？I know right。

Now what's happened here。He's tried to bait me up into his room whyhy would he want to bait me into his room。

 what would happen if I go to his room to get the free bevedere？You're following his lead。

 I'm following his lead。 he has the frame。 Now， what I do is identical to what I did the blond girl before。

 I wait until he starts to really wants to say something。 And then what do I do。2 hurt。

So now he goes into vacuum。 So now it' say goes through him in the floor。

 And then what I do is I joke。 Now， when your state's low， can you joke。It's harder right。

 So it's happening here。 It his signals like that。 And then I'm joking with her。 And I'm like。

 about teach you Con girl。 that she' like the thought process of a girl magic school bus right Like I haveies it's water on the ties the I's that's like magic school bus girl。

 So and by the， this girls really beautiful， but you can't tell by the green Gry video dude。

 she's a beautiful， beautiful girl。 I got this nice olive of silkky skin。 mean is nice。

 So I'm motivated。 now so now now he's trying to bring me up into his hotel。

 And this is why I don't drink and I don't do drugs。 my experience of drinking and drugs。

 Its this an easy way to be manipulated because you need something So I'm good。 take my sobriety。

 myies and those guys can take their fuckingvedere in their tears they。😊，And I'm going like that。

 And now he sees the joking， but he can't keep up with a joke because if he's like， he'd look la。

 So he's pushing for the upstairs。 Watch how she looks away as he's like， oh， go go upstairs。 Watch。

 Watch how she looks away。Here's you drink。🎼I。And then I just look away and he starts getting boxed out。

 and then she starts looking away to box him out。あ。If this I talking to Nick before。

 I like your bracelet， look at him over there， him at his say it's just going down。🎼Very cute。

 I can see my face on it handsome。 I use the bracelet as a way to get the hand。

 which I know will further down the state。三号。Now she's touching me。

 it's find that the attractions on me。Oh， touching the chests。病因。🎼He found the back。

Doesn't get all sexual。Yeah， I am bro， I am。Go up to your fucking room and whack off your fucking beelvedere and fuck off。

 just kidding， I don't think that。Years years of rejection what do you think of that？It's y。

 I just kidding， I'm kidding now。没。I'm like Ehar Toll， I'm innocent the sin， okay。あ。

You see the kind of smoothness， like hands kind of up and out。 Everything nice and smooth。

 like picking up a cat。 Don't be like， my that， right， smooth。🎼すどね。So naughty。F your eyes。

You're like， naughty。Like slap me in the as type of guy， right？Craft。HarWhy does she know that？

It's in the pupils。 It's in that unwavering look。 That's why the othergo got attracted。 Guys like。

 what does Owen teach Ehart toll for getting laid。 That guy's like 90。 Ehar doesn't have game。

I get that。 Okay， I had never said that car was a pimp。

Like the simplistic thinking and comments like that blow my mind。 right， Like like you can't get it。

 that I'm just saying take an element from him that you don't have to copy a 70 year old like man that sits on a park bench for two years for game。

 Like literally people think like， I'm telling you to like model like a 98 year old man that sits on a park bench for two years for game。

 They're like， that's what he's saying to do to be like that old guy in the bench。 right， I'm like。

 whoa。All I'm saying is when I started doing meditation regularly， my eye contact became unwavering。

And that's why all of a sudden， hot girls are going， you're a slap me in the ass type of guy， right。

 I can tell by your eyes。 And I'm like， no， I just read the power of now and I meditate and you think now that I slap you in the ass。

 but that's fucking great。 So that's what I'm talking about。

 It's not like like you need to be in the Ehar like Ehar park bench to get girl like what the fuck。

 what the fuck， But it's like you take the value from something right， You know。

 I even have worked with like an energy worker。 And I think some people are like they think I'm like deviating towards like I'm gonna manifest a girl。

 Like what the fuck No， dude not p it。 all that I'm saying is that when you get you know。

 if you feel good in your energy when you walk up， you'll have a steady gaze you'll be nice and grounded。

 that helps。 I'm willing to look to outside sources。

 It's frustrating because a lot of my best sources。 My very best sources I learned from。

 I just take bits and pieces。 I ignoring 95% and there's just a nice chunk。

 But a lot of guys have a hard time finding that。😡，5% chunk for what they are trying to do。 And they。

 it has to either be all or nothing。 They don't have enough nuanced intelligence to kind of see the difference。

 So， you know， but if you want to learn from great sources。

 take the value and let go what you don't need。 Even many of you in this room。

 you don't need to go do this。You didn' maybe just want to learn a little bit about social dynamics。

 You don't need to be like， I'm the pimp now。 I need to be a pimp， like， you don't。You do。🎼た変らない。

We're going back to your friend now， who's that douch bagag you're talking to。He is the CEO。

🎼Suppose that leave， I don't know。Yeah， his poster is all over the fucking in place。

 he's throwing the party the whole deal。Did it help him？

No what happens What a balding ginger comes up against a taller， better looking。

Guy throwing the whole party with his posters everywhere with an after party， ammbos and a table。

 And all that I use is。What happens， That's game。 So a lot of guys， you know， they're like。

 they're like， are you saying that like all this stuff doesn't work and just have game。

 Why are you doing that， Are you doing that to sell your boot camp， I'm like do， Look。

 I'm just saying that I went out。 like， I'm a pragmatist。 If doing what he did works。

 I am sufficiently pragmatic that I would go do that。 And frankly， it probably does work to extent。

 And by the way， as Duy as he looks， I'm on his team。 You want to know why。L' tryingnk。

I got no beef for that， dude。 At least he's， despite how Im sound all crazier for dramatic effect。

 Okay， I'm just trying to get you guys laughing here。 Okay， I don't beef with anybody。

 But if I was that beef， it'd be with people arent even trying People just sitting， I'm not trying。

 He doesn't。 He never heard of game。He's never heard of it。 So he's just like， well， what would work。

 I't know， Be becomee a promoter， try to get my poster。 Like， he's just trying。You know。

 he's just trying his fucking best。 frankly， having logistics like that wouldn't hurt if he combined it with social skills。

 right， it would actually help。 So I give him props for trying。 Unfortunately。

 he was just never educated about social dynamics。 He's just trying his best。

 Everybody's just trying their best， right， The club is a club。 They're not like some married couple。

 Go outfu and chat。 She can choose as she wants， right， She's not a slave。Quick  one。

 but I want to keep moving。 Yeah， when he was like， oh。

 we're dating oh he said something like girlfriend I look at her face。 and you've also said like。

Get him on it。 real on it。 But you didn't even comment。 I could see from her face。

 She looks away Then he's like， well， for like the last few minutes or less week or recent something that。

 let him do the cring。 Yeah， seeing that is like gross。 You know what I mean， What's that。

Him saying like we're dating because， because like he's just， he's just trying his best， right。

 Like he's like， he's trying to be flirtty。 He's trying to do what he thinks flirting。

 He he's trying。 but。 Yeah， but yeah， yeah， let him just burn himself out。Great tip。

 Guys want a million dollar fucking tip。 any time that a dude tells you， yo， yo。

 any time that a dude tells you， this is my girlfriend。You can leave if you want。

 but just stick around a little bit longer to see if it was true。Sick around a little bit longer。

 Well， the problem is sometimes if you ask to grow， you get a fake answer。Go to you。

 go talk to other people。 But just kind of keep looking back and see if they are really a couple。

 It attunes your bullshit meter， your bullshit detection a little bit。 Great， great， great practice。

 Do it。 Okay， fucking， do it。😡，You be shocked， you be shocked。You'll be shocked。 Yeah。

 do you call the guy out， Do you call the guy out， Like maybe I might go。

 how you how you guys meet dude， Gocha， right as a joke。 And then it might get it like whatever。

 But you also make get a fight。Caallibrate。It's not do you， What does do you mean。

 do the questions you sometimes do I on occasion， Yeah， do I not on occasion， Yeah， I feel it out。

 I make the best move。😡，Okay， now next one。Another one。😀Yeah。I usually ask the girl before the guy。

 how do you know each other。 there any difference That's why I didn。 Did I Oh， cant do either。

There's only one way to do it， though。There's not one way to do it。

 There's a million ways you could fucking do it。I remember one time I was reading on the forum and some guy was like。

 you can't attract a girl in the day in the same way that you would at night， right， at night。

 you're loud and rash in the day， you've got to be chill。I love doing chill daytime approaches。

 You guys saw some of them in the earlier coaching session in Miami。

 but I wanted to prove that I could do an over the top spanking the girl yelling at the girl， Sil。

 crazy， yelling psycho in the day。 I just want to show you could do it。

 Does that mean that you have to do it。 Does that mean it's the best method。😊，What does it mean。

 It just means it's possible。 That's it。 Want to see it。 just to understand that you could。

 The reason why you usually can't do it in the day is because。You don't feel congruent at night。

 It feels congruent like， right， Feel congruent， maybe。In the day， it doesn't。

 It's the incongruence that makes that type of energy not work in the day。 It's not the day itself。

It's the incongruence to that type of energy。That makes it not work in the day。

 If you thought it would work in the day。 you're congruing to it。 You think it wouldn't work。

 Of course， it would work。 So let's look at an example of me just being fucking like retardted over the top just to make the point。

'。 No， my God hit ridiculous guy。 I'm never gonna do that。 I'm never gonna if I I'm sorry， I'm sorry。

 I'm sorry。 I'm sorry my baby， I'll never yourmy， No， I'm gonna do， I'll never do that。 you promise。

 I promise I promise our babys gonna be。 promise our baby's gonna be healthy。

 he's gonna be handsome like， Yes can like you。 Yes， if he's not a good brain like me。

 if he's not well fucking give it out。 What kind of baby is gonna pop out like me cheating on me。 No。

 you swear。 No， unless he looks black。 you swear to God。😡， what's this about a black man。

 don't What is this about a Blue man' What is it。Yeah。Dont be racist big do so much I don't know。

 I think we have a。Tell me because chicken Tell me， chicken little because of chicken little。

 That's all this is about。 Yes， that's all this is your money。 she wants my money。 I want money。

 She' trying to retire。 She wants to retire。 She wants to watch wants to watch soap operas at home。

 No She wants to watch No What's a novel's a soap opera Oh。

 that's what she like Spanish that's what're all about No novella Nola the novella the novel I just that's called Eskimo。

 Do you understand we're Ess right now。 know that would be focus focus I a ring right there。

 fucking ring Where is marry me girls， I want to make a quick point。 Okay。

 girls will say all sorts of shit， including like I don't fuck short guys。

 I don't like all this shit。 I don't care what racial minority。 lack of height。

 lack of whatever anything that you could proceed against you。

You've got to take us a joke straight up。 I am proud of the fact that I am typically the shortest and boldest guy that mosthawk girls have ever fucked。

I take pride in that shit。 I break that stereotype。 And the thing is this。

 like I had one girl even like holdnda probably top three most beautiful girls ever slept with。

 She puts me in a nook in her couch and goes， oh， you fit in a little nook in my couch。

 You're like a little miniature man。😊，Do you know that feels， Do you know that fuckinging feels。

 Okay， I'm like。😀And I， I am。 I， I in a nook。 I'm like， I'm trapped in a nook。 I'm little。

 So it's like， it's drive me nuts。 Don't let that shit get you like。

Sometimes I'll make imitations of Indian accents in my videos And Indian guy says。

 why are you making some crazy things about India， I'm like， dude。

 I'm trying to prep you for the torrent of fucking dad stuff you're gonna get If you're an Indian guy。

 Ho girls are going be like curry， curry， they're gonna to say that shit to you。😡，Okay。

 and you better hope they do because if they're not， what does that mean， They're probably。

 they're not testing， which means they're not maybe interested now， Look。

 I'm not saying that'll happen every time。 But like。

 it's not uncommon that when a girl takes me home， she's like， you're kind of short。😡。

Your balding is weird。 You got your poply。 You're pasty。 Well they're saying that I'm not。

 I'm not sad。 I like it。 girls aren't running around to like like little retardctic kids and being like。

 re syndrome。 retard。They're not doing that。 They're doing it to guys They want to fuck。

 So the girl starts fucking giving me a hard time。 That's a sign。😡，If that girl says some bullshit。

 like， I don't do black， what does that mean。She's thinking about it。

 That's going through her fucking head。 So youve gotta take it like that。 It's all good。

 It's just resistance。 It's all just a big shit test。 So anything like that， take it as good。 Frank。

 if a girl shit testing me hard， I know she's an easy lay。😡。

You're gonna see one later in this hot seat， the girl just shit text to me the whole time。

 and goes like， you must have such thick skin to be able to withstand the pressure。 I'm like， dude。

 the fact she's doing that means she's into me。You know it's harder pressure when the girls is being friendly and neutral。

there's no energy。 That sounds like a great tool like to use like its framework。

 It's framework and true。 back。 I took it back。 I took it back from you。

Mry me I take back your rings marry me why？Because I have a big you want it because you love it because I have it because you have my kid that's reason enough to marry me Yes it is not not because of my soul your soul What about my soul your soul what about it？

No， no， see， one of us here is taller。One of us here has a all over you're showing your vagina Okay。

 what am I doing here， I'm just imitating a loud bar。Imagine a bar like boom， boom， boom， boom， boom。

 boom， boom， boom。 That's kind of like how I'm acting here except it's in the day。 Is it working。

 Is it identical to a club。It's the same shit。Can you act like this in the day if you want？

Is it probably a little inappropriate？M， kind it。Again。Boyd， can you？Point proven。

 It's a point about social dynamics。 I'm not trying to say， go do this。 This is silly。

 I don't act like this。 This is absurd， but can you。I am a social dynamics nerd。

Doesn't matter if I want to use it in my own game or not regularly。

 But I will prove the fucking point that it can be done。

 So that's all I'm trying to show here is that you can do the same thing。

 It's it's about the congruence。 It's not about in the day the days like this in the nights like this in the day。

 the vitamin D come down with the vitamin D， you could never act high energy because the girl' getting vitamin D shuthu up。

 Okay， It's the fuck， It's the congruence。 You're showing your vagina。's get。 Let's get in a fight。

 You're showing you're showing your vagina to him。😡，喂。W a model like a model like you're the model。

 you're the model in this relationship。Are you able to see my vagina when？

Unfortunately she's shy about her vagina I'm very shy about she's keeping her flower。

As much as you w to defflow me I already did def flower you I know I'm having a boil Po what'slolo it's we don't do we don't do boillo。

 we do Polies in Arizona What's the Po It's like happy chicken Ex me， How does this look。😊，On me。

 compared to her hold on death or that。Really， that's my baby's daddy。Bitch choose all over you。

 Cho all over you。 Are you going to protect me。A you gonna protect me。

 y'all make a grass Maybe I was totally at myk， look at me4 fucking 11 411k like a sex doll I promise that if any other man looks at you。

 I will beat the shit out of him Okay， I promise that if you do not act right。

 I will slap you in the mouth Okay， I promise that I will fuck you in every orific of your body。

 Thank you three times a day Thank you the du okay。

Let me let me do mine let me do mine do it I promise that if any bitch looks at you。

 I'll kick the shit out of her Okay， and if you ever cheat on me， I'll cut your dick off Okay。

 sorry okay my diek and my dick excellent， she's mine now。Come， come， come， come。Ce。Look at mey Mary。

Are you ready？啊。あ。She's a babe oh my God， babe， oh my God， I got babe， I got him too， babe。

D I got him too di， focus， focus， a focus focus。Close your eyes。Oh。That's right， woman， woman。

We're just we just okay married， we just got married， we're married。You know why she likes me？

She likes me because of my butt Oh my god Oh my god Oh my God。

 that's why do you guys see the level of stupidity I've taking in the suit？So stupid， right。

 It's a fucking。 It's like a skill set of being this stupid。 You know why she likes me。

 cause my butt It's like it's stupid。 You will learn in the interactive exercises how to come up with this dumb shit。

 Okay， you' gonna be grabbing each other's asses。 It's like each other do。😡，😀Okay， don't worry。

 that's advanced Hosi。 This is a new Hoi。 Now， okay， get past social conditioning。 so， so it's like。

 look， the basic premise here is that women are already horny。 And when you just get them silly。

 the horniness pops out。😊，With they're a logical state like don't want to be a slut。

 don't want to be a dirty little girl， daddy will be mad， judgment peer group， but as they get silly。

 the hoardiness pops out， why do you think women？Have to stop each other from going in fucking guys。

 Like as soon as some guy figures out the code to get her a little bit silly。 And she's she's like。

 like this。 And then the girls's like have to drag her away。 as she's like， I want you。 I want you。

 she's being dragged away as a man， do you ever have your boys like have to drag you away。

 because literally， women are so repressed sexually that as soon as the guys a little bit silly and pops their top。

 it's like a fucking champagne bomb my dad。 And anybody that can pop it like my that。

 So my assumption is she's already horny。 I just got be a little bit silly。 pop it。

 And then whatever Dick is there， she's gonna jump on it。 And that's true。

 because the thing is that as her buying temperature goes up。

 who here ever had anotherher guy pump a girl up all night and you kind of soped at the end and took her home It's crazy。

 right。😡，Po camp teaching anybody。 A yeah， How do I got my students laid try this。

 And then just fuck。Also do it by teaching， you guys how much I teach， you see it。

But I'm just saying as a little side bonus， it's not uncommon。 Okay， of course。

 now like I put this out on video。 I'm like， tracking all these like new creepers。

 so I heard that you could。Right like no， no， no， no。 But the general idea is， it's like。

 it's pretty intense because as you pump their buying temperature， whoever is just there in the end。

 they go with。 It's crazy。That's the reason why。洗的啊。That's why。That's why I put a baby in it。Okay。

F what who dropped them？I'm taking her to the today。아爸。I'm taking her to the sand。

 she's getting scared。Don't come back here， this is private， I'm feeling very expressive。

 I'm feeling very expressive。You can do that if it's a joke， try to do that from a serious frame。

 what would happen。Lie down。I met you five minutes ago。Ly on me。But as a joke。

 why is role playing so powerful in immediate attraction and sexual escalation？There's no judgment。

 it's a joke， you're providing plausible excuse。It's helping her if you're an authentic man and you authentically want to help that woman help her。

 This helps her。 She wants to do it。 We have to help her to do it。 Can just lie down。😡。

Its what I want。 I mean， you could， maybe， But， you know， you could do anything game。

 But you see my point， right， role playing is powerful。 marriageage role play， Pre， role play。

 You know， couples role play， just marry role play conspiracy us against the world。 conspiracy frame。

 Say that conspiracy。 U against the world。 dope， dope， dope， dope， helping friends to meet people。

 tricks on people together makes the bond。 role playing， dope。不不不不不。Don't look。

 This is a private moment。 I'm yelling this a private moment because my cameraman fucking sitting there staring at it。

 My cameraman was Julian funny enough。 It was when he was inter with me， right Julian's just like。

 what's this guy doing， right， He's kind of new to filming。 So basically， I'm yelling。 Don't look。

 but it's actually me mediating the fact that my cameraman is， is is there。

 We have that camera hidden， but we're mediating it。 This is a private moment。 Don't look at this。

Don't look at this。It are private moment， what are you doing？Is private。

This is how boy is a private moment This is how Boyer local She's choking me help me she's choking me this is how Boyer logo was created like this is how Boyer localco was created。

The sky， look at the sky， look， the moon is out look。Right there。你。

Quite the artistic camera work by Julian。Look at it，'s see it， I do do you see the moon look at it。

Look at it。Look at it and the stars and the stars， there's no stars。It might just be your eyes， babe。

 eyes your eyes。Give me your nose， give me your， give me your nose I wanted divorce force， no。No。

 bad。No divorce。Okay， so I'm now spanker， she's like，ooh like this， right。

 Do you notice how look at my face look at her， This isnt great， This should be the cover of my book。

我操。まだ。So the point being is like。I'm playing， imagine that club noise is going through this。

 It's a lot like what a club would look like， right。

 I'm just showing that you could do the same thing if you lead it in our congruence。 Okay。

 get off of the jetky。😊，Get off the dress ski immediately。Good afternoon Jinky， sir。し。怎班。

She's literally trying to me grab her ass。 She wants to make out in the alleyway。

 but I wasn't comfortable filming all that。 Now， basically， you could get an alley pull to maybe sex。

 grabbing assses， all this stuff。In the day。What do you learn， It's about leading the frame。

 Anything can be done with enough congruence and conviction。 So don't make artificial distinctions。

 That said， that is very different than how I normally do in the day。Normally in the day。

 its just chill， like with the Miami one。 Okay， that's a little bit more common。

You guys won to see the first video infield I ever shot ever。 It doesn't even have a mic。

 but it's short。 Watch this。 Once I saw this， I was hooked。😊，My buddy just had a camera on hand。

And he just filmed me randomly， just joking around some girls。It just runs like two minutes。

 just watch it， it's kind of cute。对下。No。Nice little calibration。

 went to bowling hands at what I do when she didn't want it。Nope， pullback。

What do the friends do when I pull back？Yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， you guys catch shut。

 look at it again， watch other friends right out when I pull back。CI puller it in a gentle way。

 like a cat， I'm not like，Ry。Right，It's smooth。 O， it's leading。

 but it allows for her to leave if she pleases。 It's a nice way to escal。

That's a cool little massage from my wedding you know what's cool about it， I start at the bottom。

 I do a little circle， then I crawl off the back， do the neck， shoulder， scratch on the back。

 circle again what is good about that maneuver， pop quiz， take a guess。

 not specifically that maneuver， but about the way I'm doing。

 what's good about massaging or like that。riThe new， the new stimulus。Just helps to avoid triggering。

Feelings of being sluty。If you just sit there going。操。And that that's what every guy does。 But if。

 if the movement keeps happening， it's like， if you do thing where you're like up the arm， you know。

 and then touch like there， and then up here then here and then back， and you're demonstrating。

 much like the beach interaction， where I'm pulling her down as a role play。

 what does the touching do when you keep moving it。Think guys， mind keeps the mind moving。

 and it's a role play。It's a demonstration role。 I'm demonstrating something。

You could do almost anything if you're demonstrating something。

 Why does this bullshit of like massaging the girl before sex work。

 How many timess you guys be honest， How many you guys in here， So like I'll give you a massage。

 And you're like， I can't believe I'm doing this。 I don't know how to massage。

 You break out like the hand cream。 You probably used to jerk off。 You take your clothes off。

 You massage her。 And then after like an hour or have long。

 And then she starts putting your ass up because she wants you to like put it in kind of thing。

Who here had that？It's quite entertaining， isn't it？The jury missuse。All is playing the book。

 still works。You ever been making out the girl go， just take your shirt up。

 I just want to feel your skin。He works。Most guys go， just the tip， why？It works。 Masage works。

 I want to figure your skin works。 Just did works。 Why do these things work。

Because it provides an excuse， just because it's very basic doesn't mean it doesn't work。 So。

 you know， the girls know what you're doing。 You're not a trickster。

 You didn't trick with the skin thing。 You didn't trick her with the tip thing。 Okay， she's not dumb。

 She knows up。 but you're helping her with an excuse。 So if you massage like that。

 you're just giving her an excuse for her comfort。 So she doesn't feel unladylike and skinkinky。😡。

I worked on it go。Yeah。Hero， come closer to me。Com closer to me。You know， I really love this。

 I'm dancing like a male stripper。 and how are they acting？I'm in terrible shape in this video。

I'm fat， no be to hide it。terribleible shape， I'm dancing a stripper， how they're acting。

They're loving it， it's your frame bro。ItS frame bro。The rain broke。It's just the rain。

Hold the frame。I'm a Strper， they love it。Schos just want attention， man。

They just want a guy to come engage them。Have a little fun with them。Now be creeper。

 It's a lot to ask most guys can't do it if you can， you're pimping。And here's the thing。 I'm just。

 I'm doing this。 How are they reacting， loving it。 Get out self- confidencefid。

 Let go of self judgmentment。 Most guys can't act like that。 They're like。

 I don't look like one of those strippers。 I can't。 I'm just fucking around。😡，You play， they play。

 That's how it works。 Watch her their reaction as I just sit there being silly， light， engaging。0。

Yeahや。I worked on it。She's grabbing my ass， she's smiling。

 Shes a silly little dew like me doing this shit， but it's not that hard。 Just play around a bit。

 Have a little fun。13。See how I keep talking， even though she's trying to get my attention to make her want it。

Not married。The questions not married。Look at that great look。 That， to me。

 is the ultimate looking pinin。 me laughing， looking somewhere else。

 her desperately trying to get my attention。 That's how you want it。

 Not for some narcissistic reason， Like， I just want to be the king while they chase because it's what they want。

😊，It's not because what you， we don't care who would here gives us a shit。

 We just want to have a fun time。 A cool chick。 Any of us just want a girl that's not totally bad looking。

 not a bitch to have fun with and have sex。 That's basically 99% of dudes。But for some reason。

 they seem to like it when we do this。To accomplish that goal。

 we learn this and see how much she loves it， pulling me in， feeling the gap。First clip byber shot。

 You guys like it。 It was exciting。 I was like， look how cool I look I'm dancing Im a stripper。

 She kind to kiss me。 I like， hey， hey， you know， that's very excited。 made me want to film。😊。

Hi there， I'm Owen。I meet you。Where do you guys come from。I was going in a class in my leg。

I'm sorry that。Lily。I was bleeding a lot and you would think that it would take care of me right away and they did it。

 you know， that's really upset。New guys want every girl to like them。keep telling you。

 a lot of these girls are dumb。 You are not supposed to connect with every girl。

There is no way in hell that I want to spend my night yammering on with this。 No beef against her。

 Everybody's a unique soul on their soul's journey。😡，But her soul。Is not connecting with my soul。

 I'm not going to sit there hearing some girl yamer and try to push through that so that the pickup artist community doesn't think that I've had a lowering in my pickup artist' batting average opening ratio。

But guys think like that。 That is fucked up。 What can you do on an interaction like this。

 So What is it good for。😡，Momentum。Watch upset you you Im26 Okay I'm 31。

 I'll tell you something it only gets worse Yeah， but know more people will fuck up your shit。

But you know what I know what I'm doing You're good Gu hug relaxs wait listen to me I'm listening I'm telling you because they never never let people treat you that way you understand because you to have a personal boundary because so that they don't sense that they can take advantage that you're freaking bleeding they do something about it right now this girls in painbody attack it's real to hurt ever been in painbody attack。

Lupin negativity， read that car toll if you don't know a painbody attack is， okay。

 power down your earth， I read mean more times than I want to admit now she's in that。

I don't want to connect with that energy。 But what I will do is teaser。 I'm gonna find that guy。

 I'm gonna call my crew down here with bats。 fuck fucking fuck How do you guys all know each other。

 guys look at that， And they're in such a low level value taking paradigm。 They're like。

 what was the point of that， What technique was that。😡，Life。Entertainment， self entertainment。

Epic moments， like， I don't know。 it was just fun。感パ。Just。Me having fun。That's funny to me。

The bad thing， clever。It's cool。That's it。 There is no point。 There'st no point in everything I do。

95% of my night。 There's no point puts me in to great mood。 So when the girl I like goes by。

 I'm in a great mood， I'm in momentum。 That's the point。 That's the point。

 I made one video in Hase to home。 I said， let's make today this week's mission。

 not what you do in the interaction。 but what you do in between。

 Put a complete focus on what you're doing in between。 This is not the interaction。

 This is the in between。I don't care about her。An outsider's perspective would go， oh。

 did you get her， why would you want to get her？Unless you want to have some weird kky sex where you yell at each other and hump。

Which I'm open to， but I don't know， I'd be afraid the con a break。Wow， who's your。's your。

 How do you guys know each other relationship Now what I'm doing in game。

 you want to cultivate peripheral awareness。 peripheralpher awareness is where you can sense when the girls are coming。

What I'm seeing is this。 I'm getting ready to peel off。

 I'm going to show you how to stop girls on the street。 You ready。Who's your crew， Who's your。

 How do you guys all know each other， relationship， This is your crew。

 How do you all know each in all in the relationship， Me too， mostly with myself。 I say。

 I say mostly with myself so that as I peel off， the girl upcoming， we'll hear。

 we'll see a bit laughter。 Good vibes。😊，Watch the transition。Carefully。Watch it as close as you can。

But no， no， no， no， no， no， no， wait， Owen， Owen， Owen， I you， who are you。 All right， What happened。

 What happened。아직겠。Who can describe what I did。 You said no， no， no， no。

 you almost disqualified them and then you selected her。You guys are learn。

 I've been doing street game for 10 15 years now，15 I've been doing 5 years。 Watch。 but no， no， no。

 Wait， Owen Owen Owen， I meet you。 Who are you。 First attempt， what's called a hard stop。😊。

I contrast my opens with called hard stop and slowlow play。 I'm attempting the hard stop。

Am I going to get it？I Owen， Owen， Owen， nice to meet you。 Who are you。 I'm not going get it。

 What do I do。I adjust in real time。Keep talking， as I just。Opening is an illusion。

The set is already open。You're already friends。 Watch how we're already talking as if assumed familiarity in friends。

 Where are you going。Where are you going can be bad in many ways。Because you're being led。

Sometimes you want to kind of get a sense of what the fuck are going on dependss。

 The rules can be broken。 You know， in there。 I just went there with my crew。

 I was there earlier too， I was there earlier， too。 What do I see in the pupils。A my eyes。

 What's that mean， It's time for。Now we hearts out。Now， when I heart stop， I provide a role play。

 Why do I provide a role play when I heart stop。To give an excuse to stop。 I di my crew。

 But I'm going back。 What's your name Lauren， I just told you my sister a younger friend called Lauren Pod。

 I must not be very important because forgot already you know what you're making a judgment there。

 That's not necessarily accurate。 Oh bad You know I'm really Eastern philosophy So people are not labels you see or whatever deeper essence。

'm not attracted tos attracted feminin labels know its cheesy it's really I like like I do like What are you doing in Washington live fair she she likes it。

 an of extent。 therefore I can seeking questions。 But as I'm yammering。

 it doesn't matter what I'm saying what matters is the intonation。 my boys。

 the fact that I'm just talking。 So she can get some data。I'm providing her with data that what。

 What are some data points that I'm providing。I'm chill， safe， outgoing， not scary。

They understand women to't extent。 I'm not showing it fully。

 but I'm showing her that I know how to reveal a bit of myself。 The content is irrelevant。

 I could have been talking about the Denver fucking Broncos。

 It's just that I'm talking and she's securing my voice， seeing my eyes。 I see I have some report。

 So I can ask some questions about her now。 ask them up here for birthday party。

 I did the girl zone went over to the strip club for a hot second。

 and now I'm going back to look up with them again。 Yeah， Yeah， what are you up to， vacation。

 really where from， I'm from Los Angeles now， What are you doing here。

 I feel like this is no place to be from。 I something。😡，You're right。ははははは。😊。

Well I'm sorry for you that I'm here friends though that's good well I'm sorry if you're not very happy here I'm happier now that I'm talking to crazy Lauren Oh crazy Lauren。

 how did I get that big name？😊，How old are you 22， how old are you crazy Lauren。

 just a very light teasing， you know， you said you're 31 Yes I'm 22 really really。是5的。Now。

 deeper eye contact slowing it down。That's interesting Why what would you have guessed you're smarter than I was when I was 22 How can you tell that from talking to me for five seconds when you speak with somebody if you just look at their emotional state？

The clarity in their thinking， like their alignment in their thoughts lives and actions。

 their vibe or whatnot and can usually tell their maturity level So what kind of maturity level do I have probably more than me？

Am I an old soul you might be might be or maybe you're just。Maybe you're just faking the funk。

 maybe you're just the imagemateature're a little bra so see I'm throwing some curveballs at her。

 calling her old soul oh maybe you're faking the funk now。There's contact。

 but I'm speaking to occupy the mind while the body sorts out what the attraction is。So。

 I understand。What she needs to experience to allow that attraction to move forward。

Maybe maybe you just like threw a drink in sumious space at the strip club No I was trying to get some free drinks from guys too bad you weren't there there to join me what I've never bought a drink or dinner for as that wrong No it's probably good to move You know a girl asked me out for dinner last and I just so fucking freaked out someone is here't know what to do。

Because I wanted to see her right， space for dinner so I just met up with her for drink at the end of the night。

Well， that's a good sounds like a good move because you know why because like say that me you went for dinner ride。

 I'd be like so。You do。Yeah， right， so the thing with that is like it's a little bit formal。

 but you should do it。You should get as many free dinners。You know。

 people keep telling me that see how we're talking here。Head on head。Physical contact。

 but while chatting。🎼If I stop chatting and I start doing that could be a little heavy。

 but it's kind of smooth and cool doing it this way。

 I just got out of like an eight year relationship a month ago。

 So you know how to be in relationship That's all I know。

 I don't know how to gets's one thing I don't know。

 my business partner fucking my roommates from San Diego。

' trying my best to get out there with her you know what' do that because I graduated a and Im working human resources HR have you ever read topding by feel like should's all about remember I said that if you just say one little thing seemed enough that you're smart。

 It's like dropping some。Out of left field book about HR that you've read。That's enough。

 You guys see that little thing here there。 You can kind of drop in。

 What do you mean What are you in I just live in my mommy's basement。 Oh hi there， hi there。

🎼Are your friends going to come and steal you。 Maybe freak。 Are they like that guys gring her。

 my God。 No， I'm pretty that that one has my back。 and she knows what's up that one that's walking away。

 The other ones probably would freak out。 Okay， I'll tell you quickly what top radios， Okay。

 top rating。 Now， why did I say， are your friends gonna freak out。

 I need to ascertain who's going get in the way and who's not。I need to know that。

Guys don't get laid And they're like， game doest work。 You need to be thinking ahead。

 You can't just cause you've got traction doesn't mean that you get laid。

 You've got to think ahead and say， okay， well， what's going on here and how can I adapt that。

 Remember， I said that in a lot of ways， game equationquas to street smarts。

 It's a dynamic intelligence。 It's not just academic intelligence， a bunch of information。

 It's actually reading situations and being responsive to them。

 So the same way that I try to solve her didn't work。 slow play move with her， Sp with her。

 I ascertain logistics。 These are basic level street smarts。 It sounds complex。

 It what I'm doing really that complex。 It's actually a pretty simple model。It reallyally is。

🎼But guys find it tricky because you don't just memorize it and spew it。

 You've got to respond in real time。 That's why people that study this stuff get sharp because they have to be responsive。

 the idea of it is that you want to keep your stars， So basically。

 you ask like it's like a four hour interview process。 And you go through a deep， deep interview。

 And you basically try to beriend them and then you uncover whether or not to be stars。

 And the idea like with our HR people is that a culture of stars is like you know， it keeps it tight。

 Where like a bee player is like a cancer。😡，🎼Right It's like a cancerous thing in your corporate home。

 I can relate to that。 You know， do you read like Tony Sha stuff like Zappos。 No't。

 I don't know these things。 who do you for， What do you do you still love me。

 I smoked weed and just like played video games had no ambition no motivation， be successful。

 Do you know who you sound like My boyfriend I just broke up with I told her that I played video gamesack smoke weed in the or that。

 And she's like my boyfriend broke up amazing that by the way， this is a slim body pretty face。

 nice girl in D C。 She's not doed up super much because D C。 But like you know。

 you guys up like a girl the tight waist， niceggy nice little ass pretty face。 She's nice。

 her boyfriend， that some stone or smoking weed。 What's that tell you And guys think you need to have money to get laid。

😊，は。So that's your architecture。 he lives in his dad's basement， but it's exactly。 Yeah hes younger。

 I'm 31。 but he's a big video game nerd。 So that's cool with me。 I used to be a video gamenerd。

 Where are you guys at。 We're in the club。 You're going to Matt Ha's go in there。 I'm on boot camp。

 so I can chat just for a few minutes while students watch， But really。

 I need to get back to boot camp。 So she says come with me。 That means it's on for the poll。

 We're gonna see some polls later， But in this case， I've got to kind of just。😊，Deal to boot camp。

 So， you know， you're seeing some close from boot camp。 but I'm still gonna get a solid number， okay。

Typically， though， what would you do？Go with her。 You know what， I have a better idea。

I love you I that wrong I just don't believe you Yeah you shouldn wouldn't it wouldn't be wrong if it but I love you in like a way where it's like like I don't know you that well。

 so you'm pissing me off。I come that kind of way because most girlss you off really fast because they went for like I love you in like a very shallow way I like that that's okay So it's funny I just joke I love you to just try to give her an indication that I you know once you're more。

 but it actually breaks trust。Wu。She couldn't handle that much of a compliment。

🎼She even started tapping me。 What does this mean when they do this。 called it the dog tap。 Now。

 basically， then I go， no， I love you shallow oh yeah yeah like that So it's calibration social awarenessm honest。

 I like that puts us on a good standing can myg's very have all because out here。

 I because strip drag in the I just got to do my program watch。

'm to go I'm going back there one way or another I understand'm。

A woman tries to draw him off his path like sirens， like the sirens in the Odyssey， I have to say。

 oh you wouldn't respect me。Right so I'm going to go find some kind of protein based meal because I don't need carbs after dark。

 A that's changed your phone number then you'll hear from me tomorrow can you want there there。

I'm just trying doing， notice the weight of the girl blocking this。Look at her belly， she not braed。

Anytime you see girls like that， you know， it's a potential block because she wants her version of a big night is being out with her friends getting attention from her beautiful friends。

 who she's usually in love with on some level。 So they don't want some guy lowering the value of her friends。

 they make issues。 So you had to deal that' get you're gonna cant hear come outside That's always good。

 though， you know， the like get your phone out or you're not gonna get it。 That's a good sign。

 I mean， she wants you to get it。可。Identify yourself in your text message you name can't hear I like things like that like identify yourself in text message text message I like it when they show that they're serious about it if they're kind of like like that it's kind of like yeah you know but when you can see that they're serious about meeting up。

 that's a preferential sign。ははい。I'm glad perfect kiss， why？Good。

 fast open lip kiss establishes the attraction without pushing her into what the fuck did I do last night mode。

I always want to， to make I want to keep it classy within herself self image that she'll be feeling at 2 pm the next day when I text。

I don't want to push her past that point Ma out has to have a purpose I can make out make out。

 make out make out， but there has to be something some purpose behind it So if I'm gonna make out make out and she's like fuck it take me now and fuck me daddy。

 okay fine， but if that's not gonna happen and then she's like。

 oh God I tongue down this guy last night and I don't know。So I just go for a quick kiss。

 I love that quick kiss。 It's perfect while you're before you go back to LA。 right。

 I phone with your friends。 Okay， you okay，😊，Hey， nice nice to meet' take birthday happyapp birthday you look young。

 She's even coaching me on how to win over the friends。 Tell her happy birthday look how old。😊。

No pro speed。I'm 31。Yeah， I know she's younger， I can tell you guysy nice to meet you too。

D over over here。And I just get numbers like that all night。You know。

 some guys complain they can't get girls to call them back？Generally， interactions like this。

 you'll have a decent callback ratio。 You want to see how you can accelerate that down to like 90 seconds。

Same elements in 90 seconds。Solid 90 second number。You specialize in this on boot camp。

 I'll tell you why boot camp。 if you want to get laid from it， just get a bunch of quick numbers。

 So you want them to be solid。 Watch the same elements。In 90 seconds。

 I love this because you can do this all day， no matter how busy you are。😊，You just do it。

 Also observe how I open without even talking。 I just lean in and look at her and then she hugs me and goes。

  are you real watch？Yes， I'm a ginger too。It's time。ReOpenings is an illusion。You seeing it out？

Was that even an open？I just leaned in。It's an illusion。 It's already open。 Are you real。 Yes， you。

 Wait， where you guys， Are you guys going to girl babe。 I don't know where are we going。 girl。

 You can come。 Yeah， Keep move here。 She's pulling away a bit to keep moving。

And I gently kind of lead with her。 Well， I'm sure you can。 but I can come。 No， no， no， no， no。

 I mean， in a polite sense。 you can come in a polite sense， you should come。

I'm not allowed to have to go back to my friends I love you Are you from San Diego no I'm from Seattle originally Where are you from now。

 we live in Arizona， my friend and I I'm going there in two weeks where which part Scott？

I would have amazed that its like 20 minutes。Can I call it other。Two seconds why okay， text me。

 but remind me where I met you I 100% I get all that what' your number4， two， five， you know。

 its as much as you。How much does it feel like we already know each other right now？好拿回。

I feel like it's a lot。I feel like I'm in deep rapport with her rapidly。 It's like。

 I've got the elements are there。Why。Because you're assuming the familiar。Assumption of familiarity。

 What else did I do that was smart as I walk with her。I went silent。Let her invest。No neediness。

But a bit of masculine leading。So there's not a lot more that you can do to get in deep rapport in 90 seconds。

 Numbers like this can still flake， but you're increasing your chance's maximum regard。 Now。

 watch how it's simple to kisses。可能。Beautiful。Good to you what's your name again What's name。

GoodGood night what's yoursnn？Can I call you。干嘛呢？Basically。

 we've got every element that we need in a short interaction。 bang put it in。

 Everybody will have their own style。 But that's how I like to do it。

 And I will do these all throughout the day。 grocery store7，11 mall， I just do it， do it， do it。

 do it， do it。 I do that again on boot camps because we're gonna go to poll shortly。

 But on boot camps。 I just got to kind of squeeze them in there。🎼，🎼。

