# 10、泰勒 《热座》：04.成为大师：01.欢迎来到热座大师版（介绍不重要机翻）_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，🎼は。Hey it up it's Owen from Real Social Ds and welcome to the Hotseat Mastermind editionition where we are going to be doing a worldwide video conference with the giant mastermind all over the world to interact with each other。

 win together ask questions to each other and grow what you're gonna do immediately now that you're inside the Mastermind edition if you're brand new to the hotse at home is start going through the hot seat at home original content which is sitting right here on the site and I'm so excited for you to see this。

I don't want to say kill myself， but I've gone I've dug very deep here to create this content。

 I mean it took me multiple attempts to the Hosse classic。

 I think I rehoed about five times at different event to get it。

Perfect exactly how I want to get it for you The Hoseat new is really the most epic rampage I've ever posted。

 I think there's more lessons in there that took me more time to learn than anything I could ever imagine the missions or custom built over a long period of time that New York special edition has more of that same innergrow and spiritual growth work that you saw in the previews of the hot seat mastermind and the advanced principles is so spot on as far as getting a detailed detailed level understanding that I think that you will see the game in an entirely new way my favorite part of the hot seat at home is actually the core principles those are exercise that I created to show you the subtleties of social dynamics which will give you the same skills that I'm using this to speak you right now without thinking ahead and to me that's just a very powerful getting out of social pressure being able to free associate being able to speak with power and conviction personally I use those same skills to build an eight figurere company and I think that you could do the same thing so get on it All right what you'll learn in things like the spiritual growth aspects of this will help your health。

Your inner perception， your inner world， it's all powerful。 This is your time。

 You made a great choice by getting involved in this。 let me tell you you made a great， great， great。

 great choice Now going forward what I'd also like you to do is if you've already seen that or if you finish that going to this new mastermind content this new mastermind content with something special that I just wanted to add to celebrate this mastermind edition。

 which is this global video conference that we're gonna be doing So this other content that we've added is pretty potent is's my newest stuff and。

I'm just excited for you to see it after we do the conferences we're also going to be adding new missions and then we'll be doing conferences for that so this is going to be a very immersive experience I also want you to get onto Telegram and Facebook。

😡，Start posting your experiences with Telegram and Facebook， the tribe。

 let me give you a quick caveat， anything customer service oriented。

 put with customer service I spend a freaking amount of money everywhere in customer service。

 I get everything personally and that should always be dealt with with customer service。

 anything that comes up that's totally good just deal with it with customer service and they'll sort you out likewise if at any point you feel like posting something angry or maybe critical or kind of negative。

 just don't do it， keep it to yourself the tribe is the winner circle and the way that we deal with that is if at any point somebody where to kind of go outside those boundaries we just quickly remove them off the tribe and deal with it with customer service and them on their way all good because we have to keep the tribe super positive super on the up and up I want you to open up the tribe and see nothing but pure positive not like the forms that you see online everywhere at almost any topic or people are just bitching at each other and complaining things devolve so quickly on forum and to people complaining and bitching inventing it deuls that so quick that the purpose of joining a proper。

For the tribe， the fucking shit， this is the shit is so that you can have experience where people kind of keep that in a different world。

 and in this world it's the elite circle， the winner circle where people are having fun So the same thing going on the tribe just going to quickly clean it out at a very。

 very excited for you to express all the positive fun cool uplifting things that you're doing if you need help with something you could ask it in a positive way this is a forum where you're going be always inspired and happy anytime that you log on。

 that's what people ask from me to do that was the request to me so I've done this at the request of the group so the group can benefit it would be my benefit just never to look at it again and not moderated so this is moderated for your benefit so you can have access something that you couldn't get anywhere for free online take it to hold the level now I also want to say something to that is maybe more important than anything else I'd say in this video and that's the following Yes you're gonna have what you need in this to home Yes。

 you are going to grow and this is gonna be a massive experience but what it really comes down to is your decision to take part in the group and to。

buyingy into the group， buying into the experience， and most importantly。

 obviously buying into yourself when you make a decision to say， you know what， this is my moments。

 this is for me， I'm stepping up， this is a time where I said， you know what。

 I did this crazy thing called the Hai。Fuck I invested my time and energy and resources into doing this。

 This is crazy。 Most people would never invest themselves like this。

 This is your time to invest in yourself and fucking win so over this period of time while you're doing the missions going through the content and joining in this worldwide live event all over the world where we're gonna to be sharing together I'm gonna to be getting you the days is coming up we're gonna to see how the launch goes so he was involved in it see what the exact logistics are so of waiting to see that and then we're gonna to schedule it but really as you're doing this the fact that you decided to do this crazy who would do this you decided to do this because you're investing yourself I thank you for having the faith to actually come on this journey with me because you've watched the free content online you've seen the journey that we're on together and you said I want to go deeper I want to go deeper and why not me why can't I win This is something that I created to give you the tools to win Thank you for trusting me Thank you for trusting in yourself thank you for trusting in the tribe we're coming together we're going to win together I'm here to improve。

and to carry you forward to your greatest potential and your greatest dreams Let's get on it starting right now。

 I'll be back with more videos， more live interaction with you， get me on the tribe， hit me up。

 let's talk， let's get to know each other。 Let's do it。 Thank you。And I'll see you inside。

