# 10、泰勒 《热座》：04.成为大师：03. 高保真的力量【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Let's look at clarity intent。Here's the key。 Whatever you want to have happen with girls。

 essentially is going to happen。 That's what's so fucking weird。

 It's the weirdest thing you've ever seen。 Most of you guys。

 where you're opening and the girls are walking off， It's because you want them to walk off。😡。

It's not because you want them to stay。 What you're doing is you're just trying to survive the approach to say that you did it。

 Here's where it comes in。 Okay， the girl will walk by and you'll be like， hey like that。

 And she can see that you don't know what you do if she walk by。 She can see that from you。😡。

She can see that you don't know what you do。 You don't know what you would do。 She stopped。

So your intent， the clarity in your intent is。I wanted。Show myself that I opened。And then from there。

 I wanted to leave because I don't know what the fuck I would say， right。

 That's why today we're going to work on these verbals。 Okay， not just how you watch the verbals。

 We get you doing the verbals。 So most guys are coming from that intent。😡。

If your intent is for the girl to actually stop and talk，9 times out of 10。

 she's going to actually stop and talk。 But the question is， how do you get aligned in that。

 So intent is a powerful principle， Because here， again， here's what most guys are doing。 Watch this。

 Okay， Most guys see a girl。 Beautiful girl。 They want to go up and approach， right？

 They see the girl。 They do this。 They go。😡，😀Yeah。What's happening is part of your brain is saying approach。

 And then the impulse control part is kicking in and saying don't do it。 Okay。

 so let's break intent into moving towards pleasure intense and pain avoidance intense。

 And let's see the difference。 So if Megan Fox in her primer to walk in this room。

 And I say to you guys， how many of you guys want to fuck Megan Fox。

 The entire room will put their hands up， except they'll be like that one emo guy that's like， oh。

 no， I would only fuck S Johanson。 Megan is too dirty for me， right， Okay， so。😡，Basit， you know。

 it's always the guy of did。 you know， but that's the guy I would have been back in the day。

 So basically， that's how I know。 So basically。It's like most guys say they want to fuck her。

 They don't Wcking off to a picture of Megan Fox is categorically different from seeing her in real life。

 feeling the energy and the social pressure coming off of her and still approaching anyway。

 Most of you guys， if Megan Fox walked in this room， you wouldn't be getting an erection。 Okay。

 Gu may be in prison would be getting an erection。 because they have no impulse control。😡。

That's why they robbed the bank。See， most of you guys see a bank and you go。

 there's money in there and then your impulse can control goes， wait a minute。

 if I go in there I could go to jail。A guy who's in jail。 He probably。

 he probably lacks that part of his brain。 So he goes back money go， Oh， arrested。

 didn't think of it， didn't see the downside。 So does ever frustrate you that you get a prochche anxiety。

 Let that go。 Let that go。That's why I're not in jail。

 The only possible reality that you would now approaching anxiety。 you'd be in jail anyway。Okay。

 and then you'd be fucking some dude in the shower， maybe， but you'd be in jail。

 be happy that you have approaching anxiety。 It's not a bad thing。

 Your approaching anxiety is a gift that keeps you safe。 It's a gift。

 Don't be ashamed ashamed of your approach anxiety。

 It will never entirely go away because to say that it will go away is to say that impulse control will go away。

 Why would you want that。 Why would you why are you asking for mental illness。

 Be happy that you have approaching anxiety。 The thing is， as a man。

 you have to be aware of what's going on in the back of your mind and learn how to control it。

 which we' gonna work on today。 So essentially， let's look at some moving towards intense and look some moving away from intense。

 moving towards intense could include at any of these are great。 any mishmash of these are great。

 probably some are not gonna even mention here that you could think of on your own。

 One could be I want to have sex of that girl。 You ever just seen a girl。

 and she just makes you really aroused。😡，Here's what's funny。 Let me make a subtle point here。

If you say to a girl， do you like it when somebody guy's just leering at you， like staring at you。

 Leering at you in a sexual way。 like he's just looking at you and he wants to fuck you。

 Most girls will say， no， that makes me uncomfortable。

 Would you guys agree most girls would be made uncomfortable by that？

 That guy doesn't want to fuckcker。😡，It's different。That guy， what he's doing。

 he's doing a few different things。 One is， hey， we've all done it。 So to be fair， no judgment。 but。

 you know， depends how much we do it is the question， so。

Like some guy is just taking a mental snapshot to whack off later。

 Some guy is just trying to arouse himself by steering， but has no intention of approaching。

 Some guy is like， he's coming from like a win lose position。

 The majority of guys are thinking of how their ego would be affected by approaching and pulling that girl。

 So they're coming at it from an ego perspective。There's a different type of leering。 Okay。

 let's call it the pure leing。 Okay， the， the gentleman Leelying。And that's this。

Here's what I have found。🤧。There's girls that are physically beautiful， many。

 many different girls that are physically beautiful。 But as I've gotten older， what I， what I。

 what I' found， as I've gotten older。Is it blows my mind。嗯。

It blows my mind how uncommon it is that I'm actually。Attracted。See， ego wise。I see any girl。

And if she's really hard， my ego says my ego is attracted to the idea of having sex with that girl。

 But occasionally， what happens， maybe once every few days is I meet a girl。Where。On it， on a deep。

 profound level， I feel compelled to be near this girl。 I see her at my， it lights up my day。 Okay。

 and then， it sounds funny to say it it doesn't sound very tough。

 But how often you guys maybe see a girl where when you see her， it's like。

 it's almost like hope for a better world， like when you see this girl。 Okay， it， it it inspires you。

 It brings out in you something where you're like。Just seeing this girl， I want to be a better man。

 Just like if I could date this girl and you start even thinking。

 what kind of man would I have to be to attract a woman that makes me feel that way。

 You'll see girls like that from time to time。 What I found， and it's not just in her look。

 there's something in her energy。 There's something about a chemistry that you're feeling between you and that woman。

 When do you see a girl like that。And you look at her and you lu at her。

 do you know what I find in my experience， even if I go up little pervy？

My experience is the girl is completely flattered， and she will absolutely come out for a day too if I take her number。

That's my experience。 Like I kid like， I walk up。 and it it's like almost the approach is just like。

 this is happening。 Like， this is fucking whoa， like， you know， And she's like， yeah， I'm like。

 do you want me to call。 She's like， absolutely。😡，Boom， no flakking。 most of the time。 You see that。

 That's a real attraction。 Okay， so when you feel real attraction， you can approach very directly。

 You don't have to hide that。 Some guys are are horner for more girls than others to be fair right。

 And if you're like Pepe Le Pew， you know， Pepe Le Pew， if you feel that。

 really for that girl for a lot of women， that's great， Good for you， right Now。

 that's a sexual approach。 that's moving towards pleasure。😊，If your intention is， wow。

 the scroll is amazing， I want to approach。 and you're clear in that that's a powerful approach place to be coming from。

 now， yeah。So is that is that like？Looking at her like， she's the only growing world。

 let's just say you're not some fucking idiot。 But in that moment， you're like。😡，Wow。Boom in。

 So you're moving towards pleasure。 Now， look， we've taken the pain elements out of it。

 which I'll explain in a second。 Okay， that's the key。 Next one， socializing。

Just walking up and socializing， shit， chat will get you laid。Chittershater， platonic， friendly。

 chtershatter will fucking get you laid。But here's the difference。 Where' is it coming from。

 I'll explain that a sec。 Another one will get you laid like a madman。 Probably my biggest one。

 expanding the party。Expansion of the party is huge。Just expanding the fucking party。

Because you're having fun your boys， You bring them in on it。

 Girls are so inherently hoy naturally that it really doesn't matter what you do。😡。

So if they're having fun with you， they start to get horny on their own。

 You don't even have to do anything to generate it。Another one is screening。I like her。 I like her。

 but maybe is there really more than me I don't know about this。

 And you screen and they can feel that， too。 So， again， sexual， expand the party， shatting。

 screening。These are all examples that you could be going with。 Okay。

 What is that expanding your party。Having fun。 Say something funny to her。

 Bring her in on the fun that you're having。 Now， let's key this in on moving away from intense。

 moving away from intense or things like trying to get validation， trying to avoid rejection。

 trying to， you know。You know， thinking about things like judgment or just any little bullshit reason。

 Okay， like just getting the approach over with。These are very common intents that guys have。

 Which intents do you think are more common with the guy。

 These pure pleasure base intenses or these ego bass moving away from pain intenses。

Do we typically have only one in our head or a mishmash。

 Have you ever noticed that as your night progresses， that actually。

 what happens is that you you move out of the ego protection based intense and you move more towards the pleasure。

 growth， fun， proactive intense， Reactive versus proactive， intense， pleasure versus pain intense。

 you guys see that you see the idea here right， So what happens is if in your mind。 You're like。

 okay， I just don't want to get rejected。 I just don't want to get rejected。

 I just don't want to get rejected。 I just don't want to get rejected。 What's gonna happen。

 you're probably gonna get rejected。 What you really want is rejected。

 If she's feeling that you're doing it for ego。It's not going to work usually， okay。Now。

 I'm not suggesting to become Ehart toll。 Look， until you transcended your ego。

 you will not get pussy。 Look little high school kids like fuck each other in shit。 Okay， like， like。

 you know， like naturals that are just drunk retards， ego maniacs get laid。 But the point is is like。

😡，If she's sensing that you're doing it with the kind of this agenda， she instinctively just says no。

 If she senses that you're doing it for fun， she instinctively says， yes。

 whatever you go in to make out with the girl， if you' if you feel emotionally that the crest of emotions are raising as you're doing it。

 You're like， yay， like that， she's like， and she'll kiss you。 usually If you're like， okay。

 Ive gotta like do this kiss， I'm gonna get the kiss。 instinctively， she says no。

 she feels a value take， one she feels a value offer， the other she feels a value take。 now。

Whatever it is that you want to have happen will happen If you truly want her to stop。

 she'll typically stop because you'll communicate that in a subtle way。 But if you。

 if you almost wanted to leave， she'll leave instinctively。 You see that。😡。

This intent thing even relates in relationships。 when the girl can tell that you don't truly want her anymore。

 she will leave typically。 if she can tell you don't truly want her。

 happens to me a lot to be honest。 Remember one reason I get dumped。 is's because girls are like， oh。

 when you say that you really want me， But I know that you don't。 And it's kind of true。

 but I just don't want to like lose her either。 you know， it's like it happen。So。

Look at the difference here。 The difference is， hey， nice to meet you。 already good， clear intent。

 clarity and intent。 The difference between that ams。😊，Hey， let's up。 nice to meet you。

 You see what's coming。 It's a divided intent。 As a grown man， the horse。😊。

Is like your brain and the witness is the person guiding the horse。

 So what you have to do is learn to let the weak intense fall by the wayside and get clearer in what you're doing。

 Okay， you gotta get very clear in it。 So， for example， what I'm speaking to you now。 right now。

 all this going in my head is， hey， hey。😡，Im gonna teach you some shit。

 That's all that's in my fucking head。 All that's in my mind right now is I'm in your head。

 I am in your fucking head。 I mind fucking you in ways you can't even imagine right now I what I'm thinking。

 Okay， I'm not I'm not allowing myself to think， Is what I'm saying good， Is it good enough。

 Does he like it， Are they gonna like the fucking seminar， What do they think of this fucking right。

 I'm not letting that go into me。 It's not allowed。 that is barred out。 Iron gate on that is shut。

 Everybody will feel these different thoughts that are unconrollable。

 Do you ever feel like sometimes as your mind is hammering you with thoughts that you can't control。

 As a man， And as you age just like going to the gym。

 You have to actually train yourself to have the thoughts that you're supposed to have and to not resist the other thoughts which makes them pass quickly and then fall by the wayside。

 So I I believeie it or not， even as a veteran public speaker。

 I have constantly thoughts of is this good enough， Will they like this， Is this funny enough。

 I the joke funny。 All that。 I'm having， But what I do is I don't resist them， I let them fall away。

😡，Because whatever you resist persists， whatever you resist persists。

 So I don't hold them there and dwell on them。 I let them fall away。Now， as they fall away。

 what happens？Well， I get focused on the clear intention that I want， okay。

That's the key right there now。What I'm speaking with you。 That's why。

 So look at what I'm doing when I'm speaking with you。

 What I'm doing is I'm imagining that I'm right in your head。

 I'm imagining that I'm in your fucking brain right now。 I am the voice。

 I am the voice that is your thoughts right now。 in my mind。 In my mind。

 I'm the voice in your fucking head。 Your thoughts are my voice。 That's what I'm imagining。

 So it's a high fidelity。 into you。 Okay， now， because of that。

 I can speak no microphone at the back right there。 and my voice is the voice in your mind。😡。

How does that translate when I approach a girl， Minten clerk， hey， come here。

How does that feel with the girl， Hey， get your little last over here。 Now， who the fuck are you。

 You see that。😡，If I walk up， and I'm like。Boom， I'm already visualizing her hand going into my hand with complete certainty。

Hey， let's go。That's why in boot camp last night。 You're trying to move the girls。

 You're talking to them for fucking forever。 And then I walk up， come over here。

 They're off and running。 Why It's Jedi shit dude。 you're using the mother fucking For bro。 Okay。

 you're using the mother fucking For bro。 Okay， what you're doing is is you control your minds。

 You do not allow thoughts to enter into your head of anything of them。 We're gonna go。

 We're gonna kiss。 We're gonna move。 We're gonna talk。 We're gonna party。 We're gonna dance。

 Don't allow the other thoughts。 And this is why game is a mental exercise。 Okay， so。😡。

Me as a public speaker。 What I'll do。 I could have a 700 person crowd。 And even no microphone。

 which is dumb。 I should use a mic more often because I'm blow my voice out as can hear I've been speaking loud lately。

 But even with a big crowd， no mic， I get over it。 Now。

 what I'm doing is I'm imagining almost like an energy bubble。 I'm not doing。

 I'm not like energy bubble like like that， but it's almost like in a way like an energy bubble going over the crowd。

 I could be here， but I'm imagining you guys over there， I'm imagining it over there。

 I'm hitting them over there in my mind。 I'm not imagining， I'm not imagining it that way。

 I'm imagining it that way， okay。So in my， in my brain right now， I'm in your fucking head。

 I am in your head。😡，Okay， I've been your fuckinged。 So as a communicator。

 I have gotten rid of these other fidelities that you might feel of， does he not want to say this。

 Should I question this， Is he not sure about himself。

 and him giving you a clear communication that you've got to take this。 So as a result of it。

 you're more likely to be suggested into it。 Okay， so what's funny is。😡。

We can do an exercise right now。 We're going to do this exercise。 And literally。

 I'm going to get you to get into each other's heads the way that I'm doing right now。

So what I'm gonna to do is get you doing this to each other。

 And then I'll have guys come up to the front。 Now， what's funny is some of you guys。

 I can bring you up to the front here and just say a few words， and you'll look like you're me。

You will look like an RSC instructor。It's go trip you out。

 fuck Who is the more in your head right now， Miriam。Okay， try to do more on him。Hey。

 who's in your hair right， You know， try on him Oh， hey。Right now。

 am I in your head more more is he in your head more。 Who is in your head more right now。

Which voice are you hearing more in your head right now。

 Which voice are you hearing more in your head。 there Who can hear more。

 It's a bit rigged because I'm the speaker。 You're acclimated， You're acclimated to hearing me。

 right， but。Let me tell you guys something。 When I first would do public speaking。 I'd go in there。

 and other guys were the teachers， too， right， like more experienced teachers than me were going in that room。

 But I always elevate to their level and beyond whatever level instinctually that I hear。

That I see around me that instinct is elevate。 So you hear me talking， what am I doing。

 What kind of mental frequency am I in， What's going on， You've got to elevate to that point。

 If you feel me， you elevate past me。 Okay， you ho up， Who else。😡，You hop up。 You guys sit down。

Thank you。Okay。Try to get in his head right now。Hey， man， I'm in your head right now。 Are you。 Yeah。

 I am。 Who is in。 Yeah， can Who is in your head more。 Miriam， looks really good。

 Who is the more in your head right now， You have to elevate past me。

 So what you ask yourself is this。 What frequency is zing in。 What kind of fidelity he have。

 What's going on with this guy。 What's he doing。 How is he doing it。

 And then you have to raise your mental vibration or whatever you want to call it to outmatch mine。

 Okay， but it's not in competition with me， It's like you summon it within yourself。

 I am in your head right now。 You can't even have a thought that I don't authorize。Okay。

 you see that。 Get over me。 Don't， don't allow intimidation。 elevate over。 It's not intimidation。

 It's inspiration。 Whatever energy I have just inspires you， you can feed off of it。

 even feed off of it。 Get in and head more。😡，I'm in your head， man， any thought that you have？

Unless I permitted， okayy， what you're doing right now， you're still trying。Okay， very hard， hey。

Okay， we're still trying， right， get in his head。So the thoughts that you're having that are resistance thoughts allow them to go by the wayside。

 Allow those thoughts to go by the wayside。 Don't get attached on them。

 I haven't even had a thought since I've been up here。

 Not a single thought has gone through my head since I've been up here。 I'm aware。Hey。Okay。

 there's not a thought in my head。 Why would I be thinking， how's that， How it thinking of you。

Is any thought that you're going to have lead you towards getting his head？Just be aware。

 be aligned in what you're doing。 I'm in your head。I'm in your head。I mean， your a。 I mean your ad。

I'm in your head。I'm in your head， I'm in your head。Think of a direct link。 Fm， you are his thoughts。

 You're his thoughts now。You are his thoughts now。I am your thoughts。I'm in your head。

 you will do what I tell you to do。Whatever I tell you to do in life， you're going to do it。Yeah。

What I think is cool， you think is cool。What I think is fun to do， you think iss fun to do。

 What I think is a good decision。 you think is a good decision。😀Okay， okay， come from that frame。

The type of women I like， you're gonna to like the same exact type of women。

The guys that I like to hang out， you're gonna like the same dudes。 They're cool。They're cool。

 The events that I like the events where we're here now。 Go to his events。Go to his events。 Okay。

 you see that。 Okay command。👏Okay。Get his head。You will listen to me right now。What I like to do。

 you will also like to do what I like to eat。 you will also like to eat The restaurants that I like to visit。

 you will come with me。 and we're gonna have a damn good time。That's pretty good， okay。YouSee that。

How to see it， great job guys， okay？So the key there is elevate。Elevate when you， when you feel。

 look。Let's say that I were to go on stage with the best speaker in the world。 I have two choices。

 One is I can feel his energy and start comparing myself to that energy。And then I can say。

 am I as good as that。 Am I as worthy， I my view worth being shared。

 The other thing that I can do is say completely in my own lane。 So as soon as I go into your lane。

I'm in reaction to you now。 So I've lost my strength position。 But if I stay in my own lane。

Say present， no thinking。 As soon I'm thinking that I'm like， shit， he's better than me。

 I'm in is now。 how to act like how he's acting。 And I'm like， you know。

 you're nodding right now Im like， should I nod like this。 Like， what should I do。

 But it's gonna like weird cause I've in reaction。 So I'm like。😡，You know， oh yeah， whoa。So I。

 I've got to say in my own lane。 Now， when I have those thoughts， those thoughts of looking at you。

 I can't resist them。 Don't resist the thoughts。 The thoughts are there。 Just let them slip away。

 As soon as you identify with them， you animate them。 you empower those thoughts。

 I have all the same thoughts。 I'm a human， you're a human have the same thoughts。

 But what I learned is， okay， the thoughts there。 Let it slip away。 Now， let me be clear。😡。

That there' there's many positions where I would struggle as well。 many。

 but in game in a particular approach with context of cold approach or in seminar speaking。

 I've learned it。 So you guys are out of your comfort zone here。 This' is not your environment。

 This is my environment， right， It's not， it's not like it wouldn't make sense for you to be able to do what I'm doing。

 if this is my environment， But you see the idea， which is that。

It's just a direct channel of communication。 I'm in your head。 I'm in your head。 I'm in your head。

 I'm in your head， right， It's just a direct channel of communication。 Now' funny is。

Who here wants to come up and explain this concept as if you're an R C instructor right now。 Okay。

 pop up here。 Ex the concept。 just， hey， in in his fucking head there。 It's just。

 it's just a speaking style。 What am I， Like， it's not like I'm fucking God here。 Like。

 I am God in your， It's not like that。 It's just a decision to communicate in the cell in which I'm communicating。

 Communic like that。 Explain the general idea。😡，The general idea is that you。

 if you feel something and there's no thoughts inside your head。

 you' coming from a place of organic thought where there's really nothing else but what you're feeling in that moment and present in a way that is truly how I'm feeling。

 That's excellent。 Now， I think that's great。 You're using nice smooth speaking。

 Try and fucking yelling at at them just an experiment。Hey， listen。

 if you're not thinking what you really want to be thinking from a place of， you know。

 organic nature and a genuine thought。 But how the fuck are you supposed to be able to get over your insecurity Is it be able to push it onto a woman。

 Just how fucking good to have。 That's great You guys， man。😡，👏Okay。

Who here wants here wants to try to pop up here， Ken？Just unload on the audience。 Unload on them。

Nbula。You have got to be very clear about your intent。 Good。 Now， what I want you to do， remove out。

 I want you to talk as natural as you naturally talk。 So actually， no， no， that was actually good。

 But I want you to remove mannerisms of， I'm the speaker。 These are the speaker mannerisms。

 And show me just exactly how you talk naturally。 but just with the fidelity behind it。

Just how you naturally talk。So the strength of your intent。Is very important。 Good。 Now you got it。

 now you got the national part。 The fidelity is good。 Now， let's jack the volume up。

You guys have to understand that it's very important。 Hey， you have to understand。

 it's very important。 It's very important。 Keep your clarity。 Keep your clarity。 going。

 Keep it going。 Don't listen to him。 Don't listen to him， okay。😡，I keep going， I' am over here。

Keep going。 I'm over here。 The chances of that guy getting a word over me are 0。 I am in your head。

 I'm in your head。Iyy， hey。I didn't。Okay， can you feel the different things。 Well。

 I have the edge on the speaker。 These guys have been。

 everybody in this room has been watching my videos。

 If people were watching your videos like this entire time， then like it's it's stacked。

 Like it's the most rigged competition ever。 But even if it was his seminar。

 you could see with what I'm doing here。 People will be like， whoa， Okay， you see the general idea。

 So。What I'm feeding off of a situational， a favorable situation， situational confidence here。

 The key game is when you could be like this anywhere， okay， now。You know。

 which we all can succeed at to varying degrees。 I don't succeed all the time。

 You just see the general idea。 So right now。You have two choices。 You can actually。

You can actually be thrown off by what I'm saying。You could be reacting to it。Intimidated。

Where you can be。So you feel the energy and instead of viewing the energy as a competition。

 a competitive energy， you view the energy on your team。

My energy is on your team Cause see when you're doing it。 Do you know what I'm thinking in my mind。

 Y， this is funny He's adding energy。 Let's add my energy。 I'm in my lane。

 even if I'm not quite as good as him， who cares。 I have a unique voice， too。 Why not add it。

 That's as deep as I'm thinking。😡，Listen my voice all thrashed out from the weekend of gaming and speaking。

I'm not like， oh， his voice isn't thrashed out。 Mine is。 I sound like I just sucked a horse's dick。

 And he， and he sounds fresh。 Okay， so view my energy is on your team。 see， that's the thing。

 Guys are seeing。 Girl are intimidated by the fucking chicks。😡，The shapes on your team。

if she's a badass girl， don't be intimidated， like you got to win。View the energies on your team。

 collaborativell。Not competitive， Co。I love seeing people that are crushing it。

 when I see people crushing it。 I don't go， Oh my God， he's crushing it much， it's not as good。

 I'm like， yo， that's so fucking dope。 And then I want to go up。 You see that。

 You guys know Kendrick Lamar。You ever seen that he made that disc song to like every rapper ever kind of kind a di song。

 but you see my point。 What was that so called。Controroll。So as people， you know， they're thinking。

 they're thinking， oh， I've got to like battle Kenendrick now。 You know what everything。

I'd be thinking， oh this is cool。 That was a dumb verse。 And I just feel it。

 and I let it come into to me。 And then I give my verse in my voice。Feel it in， hey！Bam。😡，Right back。

 You see that。 feed off the energy。 It's collaborative。 It's not your enemy。 It's collaborative。

 Come in with， come with me here。 share to the audience。 I've in your head。 I've in your head。

 your head。 Okay， Hey， when I'm hearing him right now， he's my buddy。 I'm my gay， I'm feeding off it。

 if he talks， I feel happier。Not。😡，Competitive。How do you feel when I talk。

 don't feel in competition。 You're not my competition。 You're not my competition。

 We're on the same team。 We're on the same team。😡，See， see what he's doing。 Now。

 when he says we're on the same team， what he says that， what are you feeling。

What he said on the same team， did it hit your head a little bit more？You see that。 So again。

 energetically， I understand when I'm out that I'm on the same team as the girl。

 If she's a super intimidating girl， there's other intimidating guys， that energy enlivens me。

 It's not a competitive energy。 It's a collaborative energy that I'm loving it。

I don't worry that I'm going bald。 I don't worry that my voice is squeaking。

Except when I'm alone at night。With no fans to tell me I'm okay。I'm scared okay。Okay。

 so you see what I'm saying here， right， it's like basically， it's energetically， hey。

 I'm in your head。Mji？Okay， that's where we're coming from。 We talked about clarity of intent。

 Remember， I said this moving away from intent and moving towards intent。So what's going on。

 Those move， look， I have the same thoughts。 You don't do think of it this way。 You don't think。

 like， he's a pretty cool fucking dude。 I know this guy。

 you don't think I'm having thoughts like fuck， if he comes up here and his shit's better than mine。

 how dumb am I gonna look。😡，Every time I do an exercise， I could flub it， right。

 So he could come up like， you're thinking he's intimidated。 Actually。

 you got nothing to be intimidated about。 You're just some dude who had the balls to come up。

 You win just by virtue coming up here。I'm， I'm the fucking dude who like， you know， it's like。

 it's like if a fucking big giant guy gets in a fight with like a 4foott tall guy， right。

 If the4foott tall guy just had the ball to step， he's the shit。

 But if the big giant guy actually gets hurt。 You're like， that guy got hurt by him， what a bitch。😡。

So， look， I'm not thinking stuff like that。 But the point is。In theory， I could be。 You see。

 So say a little voice like that， say some little low vibration energy thought goes in my mind like that。

 Well， I can be like， and then I start thinking that thought。 I start reacting to the thought。

 And then he starts talking。 I'm like， hey， no， no， I'm in your head。 me， Tyler， Come on。yRight。

 I can start doing that。 But when I feel that。I recenter。Recenter， I feel the energy。 I'm like。

 we're all the same team right， boom。 And that's how I do。 So you got the。 mental training。

 What I want you guys to do， hop up for a minute， Go back in your groups and do the。

 we're all in the same team feel the energy And rather than viewing it as you're trying to beat out。

 view it as collaborative。 How many times have you guys have been in nightclubs where you're sitting there。

 fearful of the energy， thinking you're against it。Walking around， thinking。

 I've got to compete against that energy。That's a low vibration thought。 We all have them。

 all have them again。 You'll have them again。 I could teach。

 I could teach my ass offer here for you today， and you can do everything that we do and you can go full out。

 But the truth is， is it gonna to completely eliminate it ever。

 Will these thoughts ever go away entirely。There is one man in the world who doesn't how saw us。

 His name's Zartoll。 He's sitting on a bench right now。With this fucking dog， okay？Okay。

 and then there and the Buddha， okay， the Buddha will never have these problems。

 He's he's a ray of light in space somewhere。 and he's not having。

 He's not having thoughts of being in a nightclub getting intimidated。 He's the fucking Buddha。

 We're mere mortals。 So we will have thoughts like that。 That's okay。

 It's okay to have those thoughts。 I will have them， too。 I will get many。

 I will have bad nights in the future。 I will get blown out。

 But at least I understand why it's happening。 You see that。

 And and when you understand why it's happening。 you can actually make efforts to recalibrate to what's going on。

 So what we want to do is it's not that you have to be perfect。

 You don't want to go selfattack is one of the ultimate forms of low vibration thinking， right。

 So you can be like， oh， came to the hoti。 And in that moment， I got it。 I got it stood。😡，And now。

 look at me。Stuck in my pathetic competitiveness， intimidated by the club。Beta male， a showedd。

A bitch。 I tried to fuck the tea。 couldn do it。 Okay， so you can be like that， right。

 But the thing is this。It's okay for that to happen。 It's okay to fail。 All fail。 All fail。

 The question is， do you know why you failed， And then can you recalibrate and get back on the fucking horse。

 It's okay to fail as long as you know what's up， you get back on the fucking horse。

 Don't into selfatt over it， right， So even when you're up here and you're trying to like go here。

 I don't even know what thoughts you might be having， But maybe you're like。

 why can't I get over this fucking guy Like shit， you know that's what I'd be thinking probably。

 so it's like， rather than doing that。 go no， It's a collaborative energy。 I'm in my lane。

 get back in your fucking lane。 Okay， get back in your lane。

 I talk how I talk Oh and talks how he fucking talks。😡，Okay。

 so as soon as you're sitting there looking at some supposedly superior person。

They call that giving your power away and giving your power away。

 there's many ways we could explain that。 But at his essence。

 giving your power away means that when you're in your lane and you're just happy with what you're doing。

 you're in your strength。 But as soon as you're thinking what could the other guy look like。

 you just handed your power away， you're giving away your power because that congruence。

That's where your power' is at。That's why when you start obsessing over one girl and， you know。

 you hand your fucking blsster， you hand your power away。 You're out of that fucking sweet spot。

 And then now you're out of that sweet spot。 And then she likes you less and less。 First。

 just tell the story。😡，Alright， so I came in。 I was fucking taking this drive over to you。 Okay。

 so that's his first start。 Now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna allow him to physically dominate me and get and get into a a posture and physiology that's a little bit different。

 So get on me here and like just like like don't wait throw me。 Yeah。

 just like just like tell me what the fuck you want to say to me。 The fucking talk kill me。

 This girl was in the fucking back。 She would not stop， good， Okay。

 now just show like an entertaining story。 But telling me a very entertaining story as you tell me。

 Oh my God， so was in now watch this。 So what he's doing here is the energys there。 Now。

 can he elevate be on this。😡，He can。 He's pretty high， actually， but can he elevate further。 He can。

 Okay， elevate more。 elevates。 This girl was crazy out there。 What is。

 what is the definition of elevate， What it is， Get more in your lane， Get more in your lane。

 who you are， Get more in it。That's the key。 dude， I put you guys know Jeff Morrisey standing right there。

 okay。How， how good of a public speaker is Jeff， Hes say， okay， he's okay， right， He's not bad。

 You know， the guys only be performing in front of crowd since before I was born。

 you know doing karaoke， doing fucking this What was that thing。😡，にを出す。That。😀Okay。

 so while I'm choing out in my fucking basement， playing video games and masturbating and crying about being a showed。

 he's doing the opera and he's fucking doing karaoke and shit。 He's been。

 he's been in front of crowds for years。 So， and me， I， I have been in front of Christ years。

 So me and Jeff。😡，We will go up in front of a crowd together， right， or me and other instructors。

 If just doing his thing， you don't think some part of me， he's like， God。

 damnn that guy's fucking funny holy shit。 You don't think on some level。 He's like， fuck dude。

 oh and like， well shut the fuck up。 like this guy's on a rant。😡，Okay， so we're both feeling that。

 But the thing is， can Jeff seamlessly crack in a joke。 Can Jeff crack a joke。 And I'm all like。

 he's funniier than me。 I should be funny。 I'm in a post literate opera， too。Do you like mine， right。

 It's like， so you have to stay in your lane。 I know that Jeff has his style。 I have my style。 Now。

 with instructors， when I train them， I test them。 And here's how I test them。 I'll bring him up。

For about the first year to two years， they get thrown off。 I I have my voice here。

 They get a tick in their mouth， and hit puberty。嗯。You。So， so they get thrown off。 even Julian。

 Julian used to get to the point that he was terrified to go up in front of a crowd with me because he he'd be like killing it on his own And I'd be。

 hey， you want to come up。 he's's like， no， no， no， no， I'm like， get up here right， And I'm like。

 dude， I'm like， I'm like fucking Kobe， You gotta demand the ball， you know。😡，That's a major thing。

 He missed the collaborative thing。 You guys remember the collaborative thing。 What did he say。

 What did Jeff， Jeff didn't even ever hear that exercise and what did he instinctively just say to you。

 He wasn't even here。 And I never made up that exercise before today， By the way， Did you like it。

 It's a good little tweak， right？ So what， what did Jeff already say。

What do you just say right there， A rising tide lists all boats。 So Jeff， as a polished stage guy。

 he understands the rising tide lists all boats， so。What'll happen。 Take Max。 Okay。

 what Max used to go on stage to me。 At first， I'd be talking and he's kind of like， okay， okay。

 you can see it in older videos  recently， there was a wingman video。 And you guys see it。

 Seeers a wingmanship。 Max has been doing so much speaking。 I'm talking。 And I'm like， oh， shit。

 is he gonna get shut down。Don't got to worry about it。He's right there with me。

You may prefer one cell， you may prefer another cell， don't worry about that， but he's doing him。

 I'm doing me。Now you got two pros。 So elevate， it means get more in your lane。

Get your focus off here and get in your lane。Elevate means as you feel that energy。

 don't compete with the energy。 Fe off of it。 When you get in a nightclub， the music goes on。

 Don't compete with the music。 The clubs are to entertain you。 Do you ever， ever go to the club。

 and you're so scared to approach girls。 And you see these people having a great time。

 That's not just alcohol and molly。😡，😀Althoughough it off so。So。So what it is is you're getting。

 it's like people are actually enjoying it， so let it join。 So， again， more de leanne。

 more collaborative， more congruent。And then。More output， more power， more present power， just like。

Energy， feeding it， lane output，m elevates， okay， elevates。Okay， watch this。 tell the story。

 I had an amazing drive over。 It was the craziest thing we elevated。

 We got stuck in this ridiculous elevated。 The girl in the back is literallying elevate more。

 Can you believe this elevate。 Imagine sitting yourself right there eleoping on you。

 She's poing all over here elevate What are you gonna do that elevation。 There's ele here job stop。

 Okay， okay， now still， if we watch his mannerisms。 He's going all out。 But as soon as he stops。

 what does facial expression do for 1 millisecond。 And I know this cause I study social dynamics for 19 million years。

😊，What's this fucking facial expression， What's this fucking facial expression， You guys saw it。

 He got when a slight frown。 He's like， this doesn't shit， Did I fail， Did I fucking fail。

 Those thoughts， We all have them。 Look， dude。😡，I'm I'm I'm the seminar leader here right now。

 It's the false advantage。 If I had Anthony Robin sitting here， you know， or God。 And and he's like。

 do this， I'd be like， dance， dance dance， right， you know， And then he's like， stop。 I'd be like。

 oh， okay， Tony， I'd be feeling the same thing。 So it's， so you're being pushed， right。

 That's a cool thing about having a speaker here， Those。 you could get pushed。 That's cool。

 But think of it this way。 Okay， so。😊，You did that。And you felt the frown。 So， again。

 shift the mindset to collaborative。 Now， what we're gonna to do is you're forcing， right。

 The first layer of speaking or communication is the elevation。 But the next layer。

Is emotional vulnerability？Make it vulnerable， you've got to make yourself vulnerable。

Show your natural personality。So when you're doing that， was that how you would。

 Was that how you'd really talk or was that kind of a stick。I think it was similar。

 but I is that real or is that a stick？What was the one before then？Does。

 does everybody agree or do or people just indulge in me。 Can everybody， what's that。

Could everybody see how he talked a second ago versus how he talked now。 Okay。

 so what you did was you let your guard down。 Now， when you can let your guard down。

 but also elevate like that。 That's the fucking amazing shit。😡，Okay， see how he like。

 look what he just did。 He don't want like this。Like that， right， He let it down。

 He let his guard down。 It's like this tension he。 He's let it out。 right， So so just talk no。

 tell me how you talk。 like， don't and see again， it's that fear of judgment。

 Why do we put on a stick because we fear judgment And when we fear judgment we put on a stick。

 So the real us doesn't get rejected。 It's a psychological protection mechanism that signifies weakness。

It signifies weakness。 It's like this turtle with this powerful shell because inside is this flimsy little fucking green thing。

Okay， so。You're grounded。 Ay， you could just talk， Just talk how you naturally are。

 New new public speakers always have a stick， and then that stick erodes away。

 and it becomes your natural self with the force behind over time。

 So just communicate with me at a normal volume level。 Yeah， sure。 how are you doing today。Good。

 he went vulnerable。 And then on the tail end he went and should stick。 He's like， hey。

 how are you doing today， You guys see that， He kept the thought at bay for a second。

But then that low vibration thought grabbed you。 you animated by identifying with it。 You see that。

 It's hard。 I don't know。 It's hard， right， It is hard。 Okay。

 so you guys ever here see my meditation video。 Now are you seeing why why I teach meditation because those little thoughts grab you。

So you want to like。Let it down。 Okay， you want to let it down。 Okay， so just， okay， yeah。

 just let it out。 So  first of all， what do you got to lose。Nothing too。 Second of all。

 let me ask you this。 Are the people here judging you or they actually secretly wishing that they were you because they know that you're gonna have a more memorable experience。

 And they know even if you came up here， look the dumbest guy ever， which you don't， by the way。

 But even if you did。How much are they thinking， you're the shit。他们是在边赢lish shit。👏So。

What's happening here is that what you're doing is literally。

 you're actually the most en person in the room。 Nobody wants to have fucking Dickckhead Tyler with this beard up here。

 like v fucking ditch boat like that。 And you're doing it。 You're fucking doing it。

 That's why you're in the club。 And other guys laugh at you and you get rejected。😡。

They're not laughing at you。 They're in pain。 Do you guys get that。You ever have dudes like。

 oh way to go， bro， They're in pain。 They wish they could fucking approach。

 and they're not going to do it。😡，It's like if you saw a video of this seminar and they'd be like。

 the guys in that roomor fucking losers， losers， not like me。

 The winner making a comment on the Internet about shit。 that's not related to me， I'm the winner。

 Okay， No， why are they making that comment。😡，If we're being honest。Right。

 I don't even need give the answer。 You know the reason why， right， it's， it's， yeah， but it's like。

 even on hateate。 There was a there was， there was a thread on our nation of the day。I said。

 why is Tyler nice to people to make comments like that， because I don' know they're pain。

 They're not your fucking enemy。 Remember， I said collaborative。 They're not your enemy。

 A guy watching video obsessively different videos making comments on it。 He's in pain。

 Why do you think he's watching all the videos。 But he's in pain， but he can't let his guard down。

 Those same guys wind up in here。 and I meet them。 And they come up to me say they say， dude。

 I gotta tell you something。 I'm like， what is they're like， dude。

 I fucking like dis you in like 50 fucking videos And like I was scared。 And I'm like give me hug。

 You know， that's why you know， it's just they're just， they're in pain。 look。😡。

They're not going to be looking at the video if they're not getting something out of it， right。

 but they're in conflict。 Their minds in disarray。 So you just keep with them。

 You just keep with them。 You just keep with them。 They hopefully come around， and some don't。

 and they shoot up a school。 And it is what it is。 Okay， that happens to， so。

That's why we stick with them。 Okay， That's why we stick with them， so。Okay， so I dont know。

 So basically look， So you gotta make yourself vulnerable。 Okay。

 make yourself vulnerable and just talk like what I've done is I have the same thoughts。

 Like in my mind I' like， do I sound vulnerable right now， Oh， shit。 And then I'm like， fuck it。

 That's my I go fuck it。 Like， you know， fuck it， dude， whatever you see that girl。 fuck it。 Hey。

 what's up， F it。 Okay， Okay， talk， just talk， talk to the crowd。 Tell them how you feel up here。😡。

I'm pretty fucking nervous。 Was that vulnerable or real。Okay， that's why we teach。

 Don't put on a stick。 That's why we teach congruence。 If you actually go up。

 Let's see when he did that， that's likable。 If he's like， hey， guys， that's not likable。

 So even though that might not be the best open。 It will open。 It will open。

 It'll buy him 30 seconds。 In which case， the girl be nice， might embolden him a bit。

 flips it around。 I've done that many times。 back in the day。

 I would try to elevate when I was new in game。 I tried to elevate， and I'd be like， hey。

 didn't work。 Hey， didn't work。 Hey， it didn't work。😡， didn't work。I shipped the diet。 You just go。

 hey。不是 yeah。Mlay， quick question。Was he speaking vulnerable or strict there？

Can you feel it immediately。Okay。go up and we're so， so relaxed。

 they think it's a that they think its a。 They're like oh。

 this is your jam And they try to like bubble holes。 Yeah， to the so you're so relaxed。

 I don't believe it I can't be this。😀I can tell， I can tell you what I get。

 I get girls thinking they know on on night。 girl Yeah， yeah， yeah。

 girls girls will say to me they think they know me。 That's when I know I'm on。

 Every girl I approach。 They're like， they're like， where do we know each other from again， I'm like。

😊，We had you know， right。 We see that。 So it's like， yeah， So， yeah， sometimes it can look so。

 it can look so vulnerable they could believe you're high or whatever they can't believe it。

 But overall， that's a quality problem as opposed to。Exactly， yeah。

 I never met like high quality Yeah， high quality。 Let's focus on that problem instead of crawling your mouth's basement。

 you'll be good。 Okay， so going back here。 So you made yourself vulnerable。 Okay。

 so tell the how does it feel to be up here。😊，啊。It's pretty nerveracking， a little stress。

You guys hoping that I won't stop talking。Okay， so allow the space。

 This another thing game is called creating a vacuum， hey。You allow the space。

Allow the space to fucking linger。That's the difference was between the burning brush fire and the white hot searing coal。

Birding brush fire， white hot searing coal。 Okay， so allow the vacuum to be there。 Got it。

 You can allow it。 Don't feel a pressure to fill the gap。

 Don't be inconsiderate to the point that you sit there like。You know， there's no energy there，'t。

 But as long as you're in your space， you can allow a gap to be there。What else are you feeling？

How are you guys feeling。Notice that， too。 Inncively， when people let go。

 people cheer them on Innctively， when people let go， they cheer them on。 Insnctively。

 when a guy let's go， she fucks a guy。Right， and it comes down to even insect sex。

 when a woman has sex， when she climaxes when when she lets go， you go into the feeling。 See in sex。

 okay， I can have sex like five times a day。 Part of it is I'm a horny balding little raccoon。

 The other part of why is because I can take my mind。 I mean， it's a little weird。

 But I can take my mind onto the pleasure that I'm feeling。

And put it right on the pleasure right there。 This also allows me to have sex condoms。

 If I didn't know how to do this， I couldn't have sex condoms。I mean， let's be honest， right。

 Like like without a con raw， you could just fuck anything。 You could fuck like hand cream。

 You could fuck a tree。 you'll bus with a condom it's like this gorgeous girl。

 you can't feel anything。 but I'll be like in my mind， I'm like。

 I'm like ass hands tity sound smell tity sound。 I'm like right， I can pop too quick。

 sometimes even with the condom。 So you mediate it。 Okay。

 you're like like condom you're like like as tit is ti。 You're about to come you're like。

 it's a condom。 It's fake。 It's not even real sex。 I'm eating a sandwich with the plastic bag。

 It doesn't take then the need to come goes way。 Then I'm like ass tit。😡。

condo condo like that And you can hold it there。 It's mental control。

 So even though I've gotten older， probably my sex has been cut。

 But my mental focus has gotten higher。 Now， when you train women on that。

 why do you guys think women can't come， What's he experiencing here。

 Could you see what he's experiencing here to why Chick wouldn't be able to come。

 Why most girls that are younger can't come a long time。😡，It makes themselves vulnerable。

 You think a girl who meet some super cool guy。 She's a young girl。

 She has't a lot of sexual experience。 She wants to be like，😊，Okay。Think about that。 No， she's like。

 I， I'm doing this for the queen。 I'm doing this for Jesus。 Reproduction is to make babies only。

 right， It's like， you know， then they just fucking sit there。 And then when you train them like go。

 you can train fucking squd。 Do you see how my hands just started moving like that。 You see that。

 Do you see that fucking nerve ending This there。 It's a nerve ending。 my fucking hand from fucking。

😡，Think he like that， right， Fuck rainbow pops out。 babies， new interns for RD pop out。

 That's how I make interns。 That's how he made the call， just。We scored interns。So。Okay。

 that's why were the most popular pigow company。Eps。So， yeah， you get the girl to let go。

 when you can train to girl to let go， she will thank you forever。 Okay。

 just like how if we can learn to let go here， this will be an experience that you remember forever。

 So if you just talk， like as I'm speaking right now， this is how I feel it's fairly vulnerable。

 Fun enough though。 you want to know something funny。 In five years， you look at this talk。

 It'll look like a at。How fucked up is that， Go online， look up the importance。

 It's like the secret of vulnerability or something of vulnerability。 And I'm a video from like 5。

6 years ago。 And I'm like， right now， I'm speaking to you I'm vulnerable。😡。

And as where does it is say this， It's hard for me to imagine this can be real In five years。

 I'll look at it。 a stick。 even as I said that， I was like， can't be real。 I'm so real right now。

 Five years later， you look at it。 It looks like I have a fucking stick By contrast。 Okay。

 you'll see that in the infield footage that we're looking。 I'll show you the difference。 Okay。

 so like right now you're up here。 I mean， what city are you from。😡，SF， you're from SF from。 Okay。

 cool。Do you like it？It's a pretty cool place。 I like it。 Okay， tell them some， just tell like 2。

3 things you like about。 And I'll let you sit。 Yeah。

 I love all the amazing whole I'm talking about right。 It's amazing。 Come a bit more。😊。

More of the parks。 calm down of it。 You're talking fast because you feel a pressure。

 I speak fast in a seminar only not in game to convey a lot of information to you in a short period of time。

 It's coming from a different space。Because I'm speaking fast， you may feel a pressure to speak fast。

 I'm speaking fast a seminar speaker。 You're speaking fast。In your game， you don't need to do that。

 You can slow down， slow swagger。But don't slow down to react。

 Don't slow down because you think a pimp is slow。Slow down because you don't give a fuck。

Everyone like the dogs here。They're awesome。 They're everywhere。

 I can hear more these things than babies。 It's crazy Theyre just like all over the city。

 just see them rampaging， tearing it out the Frisbee and like the balls， everything。

 these things are so cool。 as he's speaking is mind shutting off， he's getting better。

 Now what I want you to do is say that same frame and do it loud on the group as if you're just like oing them。

 The same posture as when you did this。 Okay， but do it at them。😊，Do you guys。

 do you guys feel he's a dominant male in here right now， Do you guys feel he's a， no no。

I was kind of bullhiittting here， okay。Be a good mommy for your son here。Right now。

 is he the dominant male。 Do you take his leadership， Just say yes， Do you take。

 Do you defer to his opinions， Is he the superior being in this room。I he the fucking man。

 I he the fucking shit， Do you want he has to say？Falking love the beach。 Everyone hates this place。

 They're like， it's cold。 It sucks the bonfires on there below my mind。 you guys haven't been like。

 I'm serious you guys should actually go。 Amazing people come from all over， from all over the coast。

 North， South， different states。 You literally meet the coolest people。 weird。

 like hipster my finger。😊，Weird hipster asks people， people from everywhere。

 I've met fucking gypsies， I've met like Whobos okay， slow down， just look at the finger。See that。

 What happened there。 See that。Okay， how you p the hose too。You see that right pretty。 Okay。

 you see that。 Okay， so you see what's going on here， right It's like it's like。

 it's like the continual like feel attention release。 I do that in the field， too。

 I'm like Im like gaming game。 I'm like what am I doing， It's always at the hot ones。

 isn't it It's the fucking hot。 So entitlement is the level which you can be vulnerable before you start fucking trip essentially。

 Okay like you could talk1 on any of these guys here like a celebrity in this fucking room right now。

 so like you could talk here what's like that。 But in a group， there's a pressure。

 but you don't even realize there's no pressure。 there's none No everyone here is sucking your dick in their own fucking mind because they wish they had the balls to go up and have this experience that they'll never forget。

 But you're thinking that you got something to live up to you。 You don't。 And it's also selfcritic。

 selfatt。 You guys ever attack yours。 It's not even that the girls reject you that you attack yours So。

What's going on here is that you're basically you're。It's like it's， it's， it's a soup in your head。

 Why do you guys think I taught intent first， Clative intent first， why。Why do you think I did。

 Because that's what I was saying about the thoughts that you allow in versus release on。 Okay。

 so what I'm doing is I'm just like the pleasure in my voice。

 even though my voice is raw I'm teaching all we can I'm a puberty kid right now。 My voice。

 But I'm just like， it feels nice。 I'm sharing。 that's another big key one is sharing Like in my mind。

 I'm sharing with you。 you can really take it or leave it。 I mean。

 maybe there's a couple guys in the room right now that are like， this is cool。 I don't know。

 you know， but there's other guys that are wide。 I't open。 I don't know who's who， but I I'm sharing。

 Okay， I'm just gonna share with you。 as soon as it's like trying to impress or reach a statement。

 it doesn't have the sharing vibe。 It has a change in the vibe。

 What is me what's your main area of expertise left of one of。😊，Tennis， tennisni， what， I mean。Lis。

 not everybody here will ever play tennis。 But if you could tell them something cool about tennis that they don't know that they might actually find interesting。

 what would it be。 Yeah， sure。 So the easiest thing you can do to get better tennis。

 most people hit like this。 They stand like they're like fucking king of the world。 S there。

 Look at that。What happens when he's sharing？You see that what happens when he's sharing。

 He actually looked the most confident that he's been for last several minutes because he felt he's sharing。

When you believe that you're entitled to a hot woman， you'll come at her like that。

When you think that you're wasting her time in space， you come at her in a different way。

The secrets to this is social momentum and fun。We're going to talk about self amusement very soon。

 But when you can self amuse， you can shut off that critical part of your brain。

 And when you shut off that critical part of your brain， youll expression in that same place。

 Could you guys give a hand。😡，It， was amazing。