# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：04第四周 任务3：3如何隐形地把妹 Mission 3【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey what up， it's Owen and we're back again with this week's mission for the Hase at Home and this week I'm going to really。

 really mess with you because your mission is going to be to walk up to people and be extremely polite and I'm going to lead into this just by explaining to you what to expect and then we're going to cover a lot of different theoretical ground because I want you to understand why I'm having you do this and you know what I expect you to get out of it。

All right， so a lot of the time I'm going to tell you straight up。

 I walk up to girls and I just talk in a very polite way like a gentleman I get crazy。

 crazy results of it， but the reason why it's working and why oftentimes it's difficult to teach is because the things that I'm teaching you in the Haity to home exercise segment is actually what's making it work so the reason why I did that exercise segment the way that I did it is because。

Even though I'm speaking politely， there's still that penetrating clear intent， foot on the gas。

 no brake， no outcome dependence， kind of swaggery， self aed undertone。

 just speaking to people like this。I think that is gonna to blow your mind now the reason why we've layered it like this is because in week one we had you do certainty and emotion behind how you're speaking in week two。

 we had you free associating and what this has led you to now is week three where you're just going be really fucking polite and this is gonna to blow your mind if you've never tried this and in fact what I'm even going to suggest that you may have tried this in the past in fact it's almost the most generic dating and advice and we're gonna be polite right but we're coming at it from the angle where you're focusing on the subcommunication behind it and I want to really emphasize here the importance of letting go the need to get laid on every approach because。

If you walk into light， but really you just have some outcome to get laid。

What's going to wind up happening is's not really polite there's a weasily hyena vibe around that that you do not want。

 it's going to nullify it， but when you're feeling good and you can put some emotion in it and you're speaking with a certainty and you can free associate from that point what you're going to find is that politeness is very effective okay so this is very important what I'm going to say next because if you don't do this。

 I'm going to suggest that it probably also won't work I would urge you to go from girl to girl and really absolutely minimize the time in between the interactions。

 I would urge you urge you urge you to do that。And the reason why is because if you don't get momentum with this。

 the politeness is not going to really kick in， you're just going to be like， oh， hey。

Nice to meet you， what do you up to， what do you do， and it's going to fucking suck？

It's when you actually go from interaction to interaction with kind of a sense of speed to it and that you'll get into such a flow with the politeness。

 that that certainty that we talked about in the first mission。

 that emotion that we talked about in the first mission。

 and the free associativeness where you're just allowing the words to come to you are going to kick in and it's going to be beautiful。

 what I'm going to predict。Is that you're going to feel better than you felt in a long time just with straight politeness。

 I mean， I'm really telling you this and what we're going to do is。I've been reading your feedback。

And really trying to get a sense of what you're learning。

 what's going on here and there's been a lot of requests that I actually add some infield into this now I've been out here in Miami so I don't have access to my editing studio' please understand that when I shoot infield there are hundreds of editing hours that get put into censoring that infield I know that you probably think there's a sensor button that censs everything with a facial recognition but that doesn't really exist yet so we actually animated frame by frame with every girl or any student but what I'm gonna to do is later in the week I'm gonna shoot back to LA because I noticed a lot of people want to see me demonstrate it and I actually shot some versions of it out here these are really good too because right after the launch I had been working day and night for a couple months so this was my first week back in pickup and even I was a little bit nervous doing something's exercises myself it really wasn't my best game but it did actually escalate into things like polls and you're gonna to see that in the infield so even though my game wasn't perfect I still pulled and what you're gonna experience is watching me。

Going through the motions in a very kind of relatable way， because frankly。

 I hadn't been back in pickup up for a little while， so it's going to be fun to watch now。

Getting back into appliedness， what does that mean， Hey， how are you doing？

What are you guys up to over here Notice again how sweet， I'm not。

 what are you guys up to over here Hey， what are you guys up to over here Hey。

 what are you guys up here kids， Hey， what are you guys doing？What are you guys up to over here？Cool。

What are you drinking？Oh。I've never tried that。What neighborhood you what neighborhood do you guys come from？

Oh that's cool， yeah， I like that。What do you do anyway， let me guess something creative。

All that's neat and then just try moving them around when you see this working。

 try putting your arm out very gentlely and moving them around now why is it that I'm。

Telling you to be polite， I thought we're game experts here， we're going to game these girls。

Good Domin game technique。I took a hot seat program to be told to be polite。

 my mom told me that I get it， okay， I get it， it's not that success with women can't be taken at higher levels it fucking can。

 I mean miles higher。And we're going to focus on that。

 you've got a lot of surprises coming with this host， I mean， it's going to get pretty intense。

 get excited we're building this thing up。But at the same time。

There has to be a foundation where you can just have a regular conversation， so let me explain why。

Let's say that I teach you a lot of push pulling， right like， hey， what's your name？You know what。

 you and I would not get along， you know why we too similar， you wouldn't take my shit。

 I wouldn't take your shit， you know what， I think I like you。

 but I can't decide if I got to run away from you。There's something about you， it scares me。

I think I love you， I want to divorce you， right， that's called push pull。Very effective。

You can do things like pushing her away。Over and over， maker Chase， another form of game。So to speak。

 that's very effective。But you've got to understand that unless you can just be polite and normal。

 you're lacking a foundation， the politeness abnormal normal interaction is like the basement。

 the foundation of a very tall building， at any point I understand fully how to just walk up to a girl and be incredibly polite with her normal chill and basically what tends to come of that is that I'm not forced to be this monkey of game。

Do you see that so one guy's like， hey， I like you， I hate you， routine， routine， how are you。

 I'm fine， it's like this monkeyism。You don't want that。

 what you want is more like a stable foundation where you could just talk with anybody。

But at the same time。You also can add up other elements of game so what we're going to do right now is give you your official mission here it is get ready for it what you're gonna to be doing this week is walking up to a minimum of 10 to 12 girls a day and you're gonna walk up and engage in small talk your eye contact will be nice and relax and friendly not submissive not aggressive okay not aggressive honor not submissive just neutral hi。

That's cool and the major key here is in this politeness。

 it is gonna be your first focus on one of the most major lessons in the Hase de home。

 which is the collaboration frame you're gonna walk up with the assumption that this girl or her group and I expect you to be walking up to groups including groups of guys in it that they are already your friend because I see this with students all the time right like the walk up to a guy girl group and the guy starts getting mad and then the student gets defensive and it's some kind of weird fight and then I'll jump in there and I'm like"。

 what's a dude， how are you doing。I'm not going hey， what's up， How are you doing， I'm hey。

 what's up， How are you doing hey， dude how you doing Oh yeah。

 my friend just came in and talk to you guys guys， those shy， do you want to meet him。

 how's it going and immediately that same aggressive guy is being completely nice to my student I see this I do this constantly on bootc a lot of my collaboration frame concept came from that so don't let anybody break your frame that it's all a collaboration it's sharing okay rewatch the Ha to home main lesson on the collaboration frame versus the us versus them frame okay make sure you understand it and walkups hey。

 what's up completely polite sharing nice talking frankly and try to wrap your head around this politeness can almost be like a form of domination because essentially what you're doing is you're asserting the frame that we're all gonna be nice to each other then if you see an opportunity for escalation you can lean in。

And you can look in a little bit and you can politely go to makeout and you can politely arm walk her home。

 make a polite suggestion about something fun that you could share to do back at your crib and then politely bring her to your crib politely sit her down make out there dry hum close remove and politely and that'll probably happen if that occurs in your mission that's great but at the same time do that vibe sensitive be vibe sensitive about it because that's only appropriate what is appropriate and it's not appropriate what it's not look for energetic matches what you're good experience here is a very very high callback rate with the girls whose numbers you do get you're also gonna to get girls that get a little bit bored right because some of these girls frankly will be in clubs and they're like I want to stimul says polite guys sucks and in that case you could assert a little bit more and keep the polite frame there's other things in pickup that you're gonna learn from the infield segments like walking with her stay in front holding that nice vibe you can do that if you know that you can do it but this week。

You to absolutely reach a point talking to 1012 girls a day regularly a lot of girls do don't hold back don't pussy out do it what I want you to experience is the power of just being a good dude with certainty in your voice。

 emotion behind it free association and just having a good polite conversation you will be stunned at the callback rate that you get from phone numbers and you'll also be stunned to how a lot of girls just use a chill laid back guy with no agenda and yet is leading them down a cool path you can't just be polite and complain it didn't work because you didn't lead and you just sat there like hi that's not polite that's weird okay？

Smooth， hey， what's up？Hが soon。That's cool。Where do you come from？I like that。Yeah， you know。

 I had an experience like that。That's pretty cool， how do you guys know each other？I are you serious？

That' is amazing。Yeah， yeah， there's other place I like to go to。Have you ever been there？

Dude it is sick。 You know what， why don't you text me right now。

 maybe at some point why I'm going to that， I mean， who knows right， cool number trade， cool， Hey。

 come over here me my friend。Well， that's cool a。Yeah， yeah， you guys have this in common。

 that's kind of cool。Hm， I don't know about that。I'm kidding nice that's cool。

 You see how I'm going here just to that I'll get you guys some I'll get you some infield examples of this later in the week I've got to get back to LA and cut it up and I've got a sensor race it's gonna take a little while but I've actually did some infield both for last week's exercise and this week's exercise so hoping that you're excited for it that's at the request of the people watching it and the last thing by the way that I want to mention about reading the different feedback is don't get hung up on the details of the fucking mission okay some guys last week were like you know with the free association is it like this or is it like this dude。

Focus on the general idea of it， it doesn't matter the exact way you do the free association right It just matters that the outcome is you know how to free associate in general。

 don't get hung up in the specifics in the same way with this。

 don't get hung up on the specifics of the politeness and also don't give up on it keep going do it again and again and again minimize time between the interactions at the end of this you're gonna have a very powerful base where you can walk up to any girl and engage in regular chi chat and from there with all these different elements that we're gonna be adding in in future weeks this hot seat we're gonna blow your fucking mind。

 you're gonna absolutely love it and we're gonna to take it entirely to another level every week we're building this is not about just watching videos passively and just accumulating more knowledge like most people do this is about being in the tribe posting your reports。

 getting onto the group getting my feedback the camaraderie were all in this together we're going fucking crush it this's gonna be a massive transformation over the next 12 weeks I'm looking forward to hearing how the politeness mission went and it starts right。

Now。