# 10、泰勒 《热座》：02.-福利(非核心课没翻译)：第二次与泰勒教练的电话会议-格伦：Second Glenn Webinar【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I'm I'd be surprised with all of these health。 I don't smoke。 I don't right man I don't smoke。

 I don't drink I do。 the only thing I do istros， which is brain。Enhancing drugs。

 So they enhance your brain。 which is why I'm always so quiet。

Okay how are you so unhappy top of that。And and hope， you know。

 just prudent your fingers crossed that they don't have side effects。 Yes， indeed。我去那手 home那里。

我过头能收受着。I。对吧下来。死了。Yeah。是。Yeah， for next。我俾你核到咩事。呃。Those photo run out of gas here。我事实对方管哋边事。嗯。Yeah，哎。

2。What what are they doing just you know。Taking the best questions。Dning right。同系嘅。Great。

 that one of the things I did this last time。So was they to keep track of all the questions。上。你星又话。

Where I think honestly can hear is if we want to meet themic。Yeah。好觉。Yes。B。What is up plus it up。

How are you guys doing。Yes amped for this webinar， we got Glenn coming on here in a minute。

 it is gonna be sick if you guys can give me some some happy faces that you guys can hear this all right and it sounds good and looks good there we go epic Yes Char I hope you guys are pumped is' gonna be a really really great webinar we're here with Glen again and he's got some awesome content for you guys we got some feedback from you guys for after the last one so we're gonna do on this one is really kind of dig。

 break stuff down release some energy it's gonna be really。

 really sick as you guys know Glenn is Tyler's personal private coach it's done some amazing。

 amazing work with him and it's been really， really great seeing this guy do the work that he does because it really takes all the things that we learn game and it takes him to the next level it makes it more real because I think a lot of the time when you're gaming there's this phase you get into。

That。You know you you're working and it feels almost superficial at first you start out like I'm got to figure this out for me and there's this in between moment where like am I just doing this to get girls and what's the point of this whole thing and what Glenn talks about is really congruent with。

Really making this true to yourself， really making this something that becomes a part of the bigger you。

 a part of the bigger life that you live and really incorporates this into everything you do。

 not just pick up with women is this transfers across every element of your life and if you allow it to it has a beautiful。

 beautiful impact if you allow that energy to go through you and to implement it and to apply it and to actually take the steps to break through those walls of superficial and artificial pragmatisms that are ready in place and transcend to that secondary level So what I'm going to do right now is I'm going bring glad you're ready for this。

I'm going to go ahead and bring Glen on you guys are amazing and enjoy this stuff he's got some awesome content and I'll see you guys in the comments and let's rock this awesome thank you Mi。

🤧Can you grab that paper towels over there。说你们要是。Hey you guys， how you doing， thank you。

 Good to see you again。All right， thank you for the。

Great response we got from the last webinar that we did and you requested another one or that we're doing another one。

 I'm happy to be here with you。For those who don't know me or weren't on that webinar。

 my name is Glenn Ackerman and I teach the energy awareness training。

And I'm a transformational coach here at Beverly Hills， Hollywood， California。And Owen is one of my。

Very dear friends and students and clients。And felt that what he was learning here was so important that he asked me if I would share some of the content and some of what I do with the RSD nationation。

 typically just so you know， I'm in private practice here and I keep a very low profile because I work with a lot of high end celebrity sports and business people here and they demand absolute。

Discretion and confidentiality， so you won't find me on。Social media maybe a little bit。

 but not too much and people have to be referred to to work with me and i'm thrilled for that and。

It's been quite an interesting，'s been quite an interesting ride for me。

 we're here in my office here。And so I wanted to share with you a little bit of what people who pay lots of money to come see me。

Again， so you give you a little bit of that content since most of you you know a lot of you guys are all over the world and。

And either can't get in here or or can't afford to see me。

 So we want to make the content available so that you can give you some really solid tools today to push it to the next level。

 So I'm glad you're here。 feel free to ask any questions。 I've got Michaelil here standing by。

 We just want to have a rock in time here and。Do some learning and share some skills。

And introduce you to this new exciting world of energy awareness。So what is that energy awareness。

 let's talk about it for a minute， I'm going to do a little bit of review。And then we'll move on。

 So energy awareness is the ability to identify。Unseen。Feelings， emotions。Events kind of。

 you know what my， my metaphor is is。The iceberg。You know。

 you see an iceberg and we all know what we see above the water is 10% and what's below the water is 90%。

And what sank the Titanic wasn't the 10% above the water。 It was the 90% it didn't see， so the。

Prase that I used to explain my work is simply that which we can see we can control that which we can't see controls us and so much of life seems to be a mystery that seems to be so many questions so many people think well life makes no sense there's no rhyme or reason what happen it's just all by chance and luck at the draw but when you become energetically aware you're really clear that that's not the case you realize and are aware and can sense and see how things work because you have the ability to see the unseen think about that for a minute。

The ability to see the unseen。 Now， why is that so important， Well。

 everything that we see in the physical world。Everything that's physical has come from non physical。

 everything that's visible comes from invisible。 So when we're looking at a result。

 when we're looking at， you know this computer or my shirt or， you know。

 the the flat screen and back of me Once upon a time that didn't exist it was an idea in someone's head and it came and it was created just like our bodies just like the air。

So when you get that everything that is seen comes from unseen。Then you realize。

What you want to do is recognize not the effect of what's going on。

 but the cause of it so how this translates to us in life is simply this all of us want to be happy don't we we all want great girls in our lives want great relationships you want to make lots of money we want to be happy and all the things。

That all the activities that we pursue and we were active in life。

When you look at them in this context。They're all energetic functions。

So when you're getting along great with your girlfriend， you know。

 or you meet a girl at the club and she's vibing at you and she's smiling and you're getting the levels of interest。

You feel it what you're seeing is the result of unseen energy。

 so consequently when she's not responding to you or when she's not you know， taking your lead。

There's an energy that seems to be blocked or stuck。

 And this is the important thing I want you guys to learn。

 I want you guys to be able to be energetically aware， energetically aware。 In fact。

 if you got a notebook， I recommend you taking some notes on this because this stuff is deep and and it has to do with with。

All parts of life for me disease。So that what that means is。

It when I look at everything as an energetic。Transaction， so。Approaching women。

Energy there man you better be good at at the energy to be able to get a result。

 but it's the same thing with work getting along， being productive when you're in the flow。

 it feels good that's the energy when it's not flowing that's the energy too so same thing with our health when we're healthy when we're vital when we're strong that energy is flowing when we're not feeling good or you have some kind of health challenge that energy is blocked so what I teach you how to do is I teach you how to see the end scene and look for the energetic components。

Of what's taking place。Okay everybodybody looks at the 10%， you know， they look at up。Well。

 in context of relationships， you have a girlfriend is's just complaining about this or complaining about that or she's got this problem or anything like that。

 well that's the 10%。That's the 10% that you see， what will give you amazing skills and powers。

Is the ability to see and peek into the secret world of energy to be able to see things and know things and be able to predict things。

That the average person can't know because they're not energetically aware and the metaphor that I gave you about about the。

Iceberg is that energy is the 90% the 90% of everything that you're working with， you know。

 there's the 10% of what you see。But the 90% controls it all， for example， in sports。You know。

 basketball season now and you know， everybody's learned the fundamentals， but he notice。

The coach not only watches， you know the way the players play。

 but they also notice the way the game's going。 they also notice if if the defense is lagging or if the offense can't score you know。

 sometimes during during the game， the momentum will be going towards one team， I mean。

 just they are unstoppable， just like the 2030 points at a shot and then maybe the next quarter after the next half these guys they can't hit the side of a bar。

 what is that It's the energy， it's the energetic reality that's taking place in that interaction。

 So whether it's an actual basketball game or it's an actual game when you're out in clubs or you're approaching。

 This is so important to know because this is the essence of communication。Of business， of health。

 is pervasive to everything。So that's that's a little uptake of the importance of energy I like you guys for now to look at this world from an energetic point of view。

 because if you look at it from an energetic point of view。

 again you're going to be able to have cool skills that most people don't have and be able to。

Attract good situations to you and most importantly。

 stay away from potentially dangerous or threatening situations with girls relationships situations。

 etc cetera， the ability to read the energy now remember I talked last week。

For the last webinar there are certain energetic laws you want to know these laws because you got to deal with them every day and if you know them。

 you can use them to your advantage if you don't know it。

Don't know they you're not aware of them then you can trip over them and the point here is for you to have the advantage so one of the advantages here is to understand that we live in an energetic world that everything just like your seventh grade teacher taught you everything's energy molecules in motion okay so here we are on planet Earth we're living in the world of energy energetic law number one is we live in the world of duality。

The worldd of duality， Write that down。 duality。 Why is that important， Why should。

 Why should I care about living in the world duality， It's simple because that law affects you。

It affects what you do， it affects your happiness and affects your productivity because in this world of dualli。

 that means whatever comes in can go out， whatever it goes up can come down。Right。

 whatever it goes left could goes right， we have the whole world functions on dual day turns into night。

 leern into the right， morning turns in the afternoon， et cetera， so everything's in constant motion。

And when you see things as constant motion， you start to be aware of how the game is played and how you can use it to your advantage。

So in the world of duality， since everything is energy and we live in this world of duality。

 then there's got to be two types of energy， so this is the energy basics that are the keys for this work and that is identifying the energies that are good for you。

 that want to build you up that want to strengthen you and inspire you and take you to you know your vision and your heart's desire。

And identifying the other energy that doesn't want you to achieve your heart's desire that wants to bring you pain and suffering and discouragement so whatever them wants to take you up。

One of them wants to take you down so I'll。Give you an example。

Have you ever made a goal to do something， maybe it's improve your game？Work out at the gym。

 learn a new language， lose weight， whatever it is。And you get the vision， you know， yeah， man。

 I really want to improve on that and you get the vision of yourself how it would be once you achieve that once you were better in game or learn that language or gotten in shape or lost that weight。

 yeah。And then go okay， well what got， what do I got to do to do that。

 go on sign up for the gym or sign up for the new language or you know。

 take a boot camp and whatever to is to take action to move into your goal。

And then you start you that's the that's the what I call the high vibration energy。

 that's the energy that inspires you that wants you to move forward， that wants you to move up。

 to be better， to be more prosperous， cool。But sooner or later。

 you're going to be introduced to the other energy， which I call low vibration energy。

 I'll give you those exact terms of these in a minute。

But all of a sudden you're introducing this energy that that。Doesn't want you to do that。You know。

 it's one of the things I teach in my classes is that。

You know January 1s comes and we make New Year's resolutions， you know we're going to do this。

 we're going to do that if we like this and and。You make progress and you move forward with that for a little bit。

 just like what I'm talking about。First week you go to the gym or you quit smoking or you。

Get better in game。And then a couple of weeks out， what happens？

There's some kind of force that makes it harder to go to the gym。

That makes it harder to stop smoking， that makes it harder to approach whatever that is。

There's almost like， an internal。Tug of war going on。 And that's what we call self sabotage。

That means that there's a part of inside that wants to go up and there's a part of us that's pulling us down and that my friends。

 is one of the greatest challenges that we have in this life and you know what no one ever told us how to deal with those energies so in the world of duality。

 the good energy takes us up， a bad energy takes us down， good energy takes us up。

 bad energy takes us down so so much of life is an up and down thing。

And it gets frustrating at times。And we see people who who achieve great things。

 but if you notice their energy is completely focused to the point of being a fanatic。

And I love that term fanatic， which means。They're focused on doing this thing。No matter what。

 no matter what， and it will not be stuck， that's a great energy very few people have it though it's something that needs to be developed。

But what I'm talking about energetically wise as I mentioned is because all of you on this call know what I'm talking about the enters energy wants to build this up and wants to take us down。

 but now the questions have been through our lifetime well where does that come from why does it work that way why is it when I want to when I'm here and I want to be here why am I still here even though I want to be here。

 why am I still here， what is this thing that's limiting me what is this thing that puts thoughts in my head that I'm not worthy that I'm not good enough that I'll never be successful you know or thoughts like that。

 where does it all come from， what I've done in energetic awareness training is to be able to codify and to be able to to understand it doesn't come from what we see it comes from the unseen so I'm able to codify that energies and be able to work this through the training to have you learn about your own energy。

Learn about where does this come from and more importantly。

 how can I get a handle on it so that I can achieve my goals and be the man I want to be and have the life I want to have okay so made that point I think you guys understand what i'm talking about let me go into some terms and then we'll talk about the practicality of this so when i'm talking about energy i've identified two terms high vibration energy the one that takes us up low vibration energy the one that wants to take us down now high vibration energy is the energy that we're all born into when when we're kids and that energy is。

Please write this down if you're taking those high vibration energy is open， it's expanding。

It's free， it's transparent， it's truth life all written on the board here to remind everybody who comes in。

Because I want you to know this， it's flowing， it's happy， it's joyous， it's free， it's creative。

 it's abundant， it just feels good， there's there's feelings connected you with gratitude， humility。

 connected feeling connected with people， you know， by and large， feeling good， feeling good。

 being in that flow， having things work。So that's the energy that we all want to be into that's the energy that we were born into we don't need any help。

 you know when we're in that energy because it's a flow on its own the challenges。

The low vibration energy， the low vibration energy is just the opposite of that， it's dark。

 it's stuck， it's constricting， it's lacking， it's needy， it's dramatic， it's filled with with fear。

 anxiety， stress， worry。It's just the opposite of high vibrational energy。 It wants to move us in。

 constrict us， wants to take us down， filling us with chaos， disruption， etc cetera。

 Now that's the energy that we don't want。 But even though we don't want it。

 why is it here and why does it affect us so and why does it get in the way of us being good at game or living happy lives。

 And this is when I teach in the energetic awareness training。

 I'll just give you a thumbnail sketch so we can identify the energies here。

The low vibration energy has an agenda and the high vibration energy has an agenda the high vibration energy agenda is to lift you up。

 have you heal your past， let go of the stuff that's been。

 you know your baggage or whatever whatever story you have that's been keeping you down from being the man that you know you could be and the lift you up into energetic。

Freedom， which is the ability to be happy and joyous and free， no matter what's going on out there。

 no matter what she's doing or the economy or the weather， et cetera。

 you're able to be in this place of high vibrational energy and realize your full potential self。

 And that's a lot easier said than done And there's a process to that because because energetic and emotional freedom isn't free。

 takes commitment and focus to be able to achieve that。 But that's where we're headed。

 That's what I do in the work here。 a low vibration energy inside us all。

Has an agenda and that agenda is to block us。From high vibration energy to keep us from going there。

And it does so by creating chaos， disruption， and some form of pain inside us。That's number two。

 for the purpose of taking us down and ultimately taking us out。

So we can see these energies work and as you study energetic awareness。

 you can see in your own life examples of how this works now energetic laws really important is a couple I' share with them high vibration energy。

We'll go over here。Can it only attract more high vibration energy so if you're in a high vibration energy。

 you're going to attract more high vibration energy and this is the energy that you want to be in when you go out to game when you're meeting new people when you're meeting girls。

You want to attract more high vibrational energy。Same law with the low vibration energy。

 low vibration energy can only attract more low vibration energy Okay。

 we clear on these terms cool okay now。Let me give you a couple of more of the energetic loss here。

The energy， the low vibration energy， this disruption energy。

If you notice comes looking for you every day in your thoughts， in your feelings， and your emotions。

So when you get thoughts of。I'm not worthy she wouldn't like me I don't want to be embarrassed I don't want I'm ashamed of what I did before when you get any kind of thoughts feeling or emotions that put you in the low vibration energy column that energy will。

Expand and continue with downward trend。So it's it's ironical the energy that we don't want comes looking for us。

 but the energy that we do want， we have to。Make an effort， we have to invoke it， we have to seek it。

 we have to move towards that。You know it's like a it's like a light switch in my office。

 you come in here， we got lights in here。And if I walk into the room and it's dark。

The lights can totally。To up the room with light and I've got to flip the switch right I've got to activate that switch for the lights to go on If I'm in this room and it's dark and I go well hey。

 there's lights all around here doesn't do me any good unless I flip the switch So that's what we do in energetic awareness and what I teach you to do and teach my students to do is flip that switch constantly and often to stay in high vibrational energy。

Okay， so we've identified these two energies now what's important to understand is that。

 and this is really important。The low vibration energy has license to hack into your thoughts。

Thinking about that for a second。 the low low vibration energy， it affects us globally。

 but it affects us personally， too。 So if you want to see the low vibration energy result in what the low vibration energy was doing today。

 just turn on the 11 o'clock news and you'll see Isis， Syria shootings， Trump， you know。Riots。

 whatever it is。That's what it looks like， but it also affects us personally。

And this is something very important if you get this。

 it's a turning point in your development in all areas of your life。

 which is it also affects us in our thoughts， feelings and emotions。

 so I gave the example of when I was driving across the Golden Gate Bridge you know one day happiest can be。

Um， driving across thing was on a day I was going to meet a girl or something。

 and then I'm driving on this。Part of the bridge where the only thing that separates the ongoing cars in each lane coming and going are these little cones。

And I'm driving along and all of a sudden， I hear this thought in my head as loud as I'm talking you say。

Glen， why don't you drive into the ongoing traffic and see what happens。And I went。喂。

Driving the ongoing traffic。I would kill myself fighting that。And I thought， wait a minute。

That's not my thought。 That's not something that I would choose to think or choose to do。

 Hold the phone。Someone or something。Can hack into my head and insert thoughts。Or voices。

That can hurt me。That could potentially kill me God forbid。Whoa。

 and that was the beginning of understanding and learning about the energy secrets。等 on。

To understanding that there's more going on than meets the eye。

 haven't you ever said that to yourself， you look around and you think， you know。

 there's going to be more going on than than what I'm seeing。 There's got to be more。So you're right。

 there's a lot more， there's so much more going on and if you're not aware of it。

 you're working at a disadvantage。Okay， so we're good there Michael， you have some questions for me。

 Yeah， Sha I look into this or you want to tell me or， Yeah， we've got a few。

 So did you look on the right I'll bottom in there。

 Great So the first one we've got this from from Ya here。

How do't I get rid of the pain body slash negative self talk Good question。

Well I'm going to show you some methods today that you can use。

 I'm going to give you some tools later on。But it's it's crucial for you guys to understand now for some of you I'm ringing your bell。

 you're going right on Glen this's exactly what's going on with me and you know I'm with you all the way some other guys going。

That has just helped me get pusy， man， you know， when you you know what's the what's the deal。

 okay so？I'm going to answer both questions， but for you guys who are paying attention。

Understand this。What I I what I'm teaching is way beyond personal development， in fact。

 I mean put that on the cover of a book I'm writing called Personalal Development is Dead。Why。

 because in personal development and I'm a veteran of 20 years of personal development trying to figure out and overcome my baggage。

 my limitations， my story， this is how I developed this work。It's not in just another book。

It's just not in another seminar or you， walking on fire or chanting whoi with some Indian guru or something。

This is about understanding。The processes have hell the energetic worlds。

 which are affecting you 24 hours a day， seven days a week， how they work。

So you know in the dark ages they didn't know about the body。

 you know that's why people only lived for about 35。

 40 years in the dark ages because they didn't know how the body works。

 they know that there are some things that are good for the body。

 some things are bad for the body they had no idea well when they started to learn about the things that are good for a body that preserve life that bringing you a higher sense of happiness awareness and joy。

 boom people start living longer that's the same metaphor that I'm using here for energetic awareness learn the energetic awareness and the tips I'm giving you and you'll start to see your like skyrocket so for that question just hang on for a few minutes and I'll give you some specific tips but I will say this it's not a technique。

Energetic awareness is not a technique， it's a decision。

It's a decision that I't gone through enough pain gone through enough suffering and gone through enough frustration I know there's something more something higher something deeper。

 something more to find out about it now some of you guys may not be there yet but I know when I got there you know after you hit your head on the wall 20 times you go ouch maybe there's a better way and that's what we're doing here with energetic awareness okay next question。

So we got a question from， it's Hegel I I'd be so grateful if you could talk about how to stop other people's negative energy from affecting mine。

 I find that when I'm around positive people， my energy is good， when I'm around negative people。

 my energy is affected by that。😊，What was your name？Rah， alright， Ra， great name。 Love that name。😊。

Okay。Ry， you guys， here's the secret and it comes back to the fundamentals of what I just taught you。

So， let's review。High vibration energy attracts more high vibration energy。

Low vibration energy attracts more low vibration energy， so。Here's the answer to your question。

 understand that when we're looking at energy， everything that we look at people， places。Activities。

Times of day， clubs， buildings， even thoughts and feelings have an energy to it。

 They all have an energy to it。 Not， There's nothing in this world that doesn't have an energy to it。

 Why， because it's an energetic world。So using the universal energetic laws。

High vibration low high vibration energy attracts high， low attracts low。 So anywhere。

You're around a low vibration energy person。Place， theme， activity situation。

You can know that that that person place your thing is going to continue on down a low vibration energy path。

Okay that's why I wanted you to write down the definitions， you know。

 in the classes that we have coming up， I make you an expert on being able to identify low and high vibrational energies you know it's here's an example it's like I'm in I'm in Israel you know what I see I see a terrorist with a gun and you know a suicide vest you know about a block away well he's starting to walk towards me so what am I going to do am I going wait for him to get here maybe I can talk him out I wanting to blow self up and and blow me up too you know maybe he's in nice guy you know maybe I can go buy him a beer am I going to do that now I'm I'm gonna see this guy and I'm gonna stay away from I'm gonna move the opposite direction I'm gonna call someone to have him dealt with I'm not going to engage。

So that's the secret wrong， do not engage with any person place thing activity that's low vibration energy okay now I can hear the next question。

But what if it's kind of so so？Okay， good question。Now， heres the next part of your lesson。

 Listen carefully， my friends。The low vibration energy would I just say it has a purpose to take you down to cause chaos and disruption to block you from high vibrational energy now it knows just like a mosquito。

 a have you ever had a mosquito come up to you and say， excuse me， do you mind if I bite you。

 you know， I need some blood and I'm kind of hungry？

Never happens why because the mosquito knows its you're gonna turn it down every time so what is it do has to be covert has to wait till you're vulnerable or you're asleep or you're doing something else and then when you least expect man you get the bite haven't you ever go you look at your army to go where did that mosquito might come from where where that bite kind of remember getting bit it bit you when you weren't aware？

That's what the low vibration energy does， it comes in disguise。

 it comes in disguise as hot chis or as easy money deals or。In all kinds。

 in all kinds of ways that's disguised as pleasure。So listen up to you guys。

 think about a decision that you made about a girl。And you went， strolls， she's cute。 She's sexy。

 Yeah， okay， I'll get involved with her。Because it seemed that。She was your type。

 or it seemed that there was some pleasure to be had there。 You got involved。 You got， you had some。

 you had some great sex for a little while。😊，And then once you're completely involved in the thing。

 it turns dark。 It turns into low vibration energy， dark， stuck， anxious fear， worrisome。 and you go。

 my God， how did I get into this。 What What happened， She was so nice。

 And then it was hell to get out of it。 I know all you guys had that happen to you。So what happened？

It seemed。That there was pleasure to be had。 But the way the low vibration energy work。

 and it's a tricky sign of a bit。 Let me tell you， it comes to you in disguise。

 and it tries to disguise itself as pleasure。😊，So it'll give you an ounce of pleasure。

Once it can lure you in to whatever the situation is and then p， give you a pound of pain。

 and I know that describes a lot of your relationships。

So this is this is why you know the energy awareness training we have segments you know this is I know this is a lot of new content you guys never heard this anywhere in personal development because this is beyond personal development this is this is pulling back the secret curtains of how energy works and you have to be aware how it works so you don't get taken for a ride or you don't get bamboozled as so many guys do because they didn't see now just。

One more part of that。If you were energetically aware the way I teach you， you can spot。

That low vibration energy girl， business deal， boss， friend situation。And when you get good at this。

 you can spot it a mile away and you don't want to have anything to do with it because you know it's a trap and in this energetic world。

 this world is filled with traps and every guy knows it。

 so there there's a concept I teach called the paradox factor。Which is simply an awareness。

 that's the key thing， man， being aware of opportunity。

Of the opportunity to receive and the opportunity to flee so that you don't get wrapped up in it。

And the paradoxes is that everything is as it seems to be。Sometimes。

And then other times nothing is as it seems to be sometimes the only way that you can tell which ones which is to be energetically aware and especially when it comes with women and I'm telling you that it's one of the primary reasons I got involved in this because I would attract super hot sexy women who would give me the right of my life so that I would get involved with them and once I was involved with it I was in a prison of Al that that took blood sweat and tears to get out of and I wanted to stop that and I wanted to help as many guys stop that too so that's the answer to that question a couple more Sure so we got a pretty interesting one here from Mar so that I popped that in。

So this is how do you go from low vibration to high vibration if you're deal with resistance？

For having to make an effort in the first place and here's his explanation on that is I can clarify by low vibration that I keep getting because of the fact I feel onm being forced to do things like I have the high vibration that drives me forward。

 but at the same time the low vibration is almost like like an emergency break hitting me back what can Martin do about that？

Martin that's what's going on with every human being you're not alone my friend it's this is why I teach energetic awareness we have one force pulling us this way and we have another force pulling us here so the first thing is to do is to be aware and that's what I want to give you tonight I want to give you an awareness of how the energetic world's work and that's why we you know I can't do I can't show you everything all in in one shot that's why you know Tyler ahead me do the course here because this is an ongoing that's why it comes to see me sometimes three times a week we do exercises we do training。

Because this is a very deep subject。It takes commitment to be able to move through this and just to finish my thought。

You have to understand here that the difference between energy training and personal development is personal development。

 you know you think if you just find the right technique， the right book。

 the right concept it's going set you free you don't realize is that you have a low vibration energy inside you that's trying to sabotage all the good stuff that you're doing and it lurrks you you never know what it's going to show up but it shows up and it's it's the human challenge that we have so first thing we do is to be aware of it and I want you to be aware of this this will help you。

You can't believe everything that you think， please write that down， guys， you know。

 tattoo it on your wrist。You can't believe everything you think this is the beginning of your your awakening。

Because。For most of us， you you know， growing up， you think I have a thought must be me ge， you know。

 you know， the kids at school don't like me， okay， or orll maybe I'll maybe you know。

 my girl reject me all these negative thoughts that we have we thought it was us and maybe the stuff that our parents taught us or kids that when they put us down or when we went through through guilt or shame or something we all gone through it。

And that those programs are going inside us they're in our subconscious and we have to deal with it。

 so energy awareness train first office be aware you're not your thoughts。And and you。

 you're learning the skill of going like I did when I had a thought， you know。

 driving a driving a head down collision， whoa， that's not my thought。And then I realized， well。

 if that's not my thought， maybe these other things that pull me into a low vibration energy are not my thoughts either So this is the first thing that you can do。

 become aware that you're not your thoughts。You are not your thoughts and to watch them and to be able to go greats that high vibration or low vibration energy it's low vibration energy I don't want anything to do with it now I have specific skills that I teach on how to do this very quickly but you know we got to crawl before before we can walk so for now it's being energetically aware of。

I'm feeling good， I'm not feeling good if you're not feeling good means you're getting a visit by the low vibration energy。

And it'll try to just to tell you， oh you' just a bump oh that's raining outside。

 you know it's okay to be depressed and all these thoughts like whyow what sense does that make makes no sense so now just like I told you about the guy with a suicide vest okay look at your thoughts as potential friends or foes and don't believe everything you think okay that's that's the first step and then the next step is being aware and then learning tools and skills on an ongoing basis it's like you know I'm like a personal trainer for the mind you know you go to the gym and you have your trainer work you out。

 you know when he takes you higher and more effectively than you can do it for yourself but at least for you guys。

Just understand that this entity， this low vibration energy is there。

That's the bad news is that it's there and we all got to deal with it。

 the good news is when you're connected to high vibrational energy and you learn tools and skills and methods。

You can disconnect yourself from the low vibration energy and moving the high。

 And that's what we'll be showing you。 Okay， couple more questions。 let's do one more。 Okay。

 so the next one is kind of bigger question。 I got you guys mention is I'll just put all four of them in there。

 and then I I'll go ahead and read those off。 So Alex says。Please ask， you know。

 our brain is constantly seeking for excuses to preserve ourselves。

Is that low vibration energy kind of related to that is that low vibration energy control your thoughts you know or negative thoughts。

 not our own thoughts， is that something separate？And then Ronald mentioned you know the whole dual aspect is if I'm in high vibration state now and because of dual。

 why eventually go into low vibration energy and the last one from Ben is it's a lot of questions Yeah you can do them all in one out so you can start with the first one is you know。

 is our brain seeking excuses for preservation is that is that low vibration Yeah。

 so let me give you guys some really cool content here and one of the things is what I teach is there's three types of men。

So write this go， three types of men， Crial man。Average man。And energetically aware man。

So primal man is a man commonly called cave man that wants to do three things， wants to sleep。

 he wants to eat and he wants to。Yeah， that's right。You know， do the appropriation dance。没有。

Prial man， when he gets the urge， he acts on it immediately。 You know， I'm hungry。 Take my club。

 go out， find Branoaurus， P， hit him on the head， bringring it back， Cook it and eat it。 Hy， Ne girl。

 go out， find woman， hit him on the head。 bring it back。 procreate。 Okay， sleep tired， sleep now。

 well。We've evolved a lot since then， but there's still some primal men walking around and usually they reside in a place called the penitentiary。

 which is filled with primal men who do whatever they want， whatever they want it。

And pay the consequences for that。 So let's move into average man。

 A man understands he can't do that because there they're a consequence to pain。

 He doesn't want to go to jail and he doesn't want to end up， you know， in a lot of pain。 In fact。

 average man is is a man who looks for pleasure。 Look for pleasure， wants to avoid pain。

 That's the average guy， wants pleasure， wants to avoid pain。The trick of it is though。

 if you're not energetically aware， you don't realize that many times that pleasure that you're going for is just massive pain disguised as pleasure。

 hence some of the girls that you dated that I date it okay whereas there are other things that might seem to be more painful that actually bring long term pleasure。

 you know， building in relationship wise， you know， getting to know a girl。

 you know building a foundational relationship you know looking before you leap you know sometimes that's painful especially if you want to have sex immediately but a lot of times putting that off in regards to getting to know a girl that you want to be your girlfriend or that you want to have a relationship with pays off dividends because you're building that invisible trust or in building that invisible energy and I talk about that more。

My relationships or on on it's real clear why relationships work and why they don't and you must know you must be energetically aware you guys if you can have a successful relationship because not to be will just cause a lot of chaos and you get to the point like so many guys go you know it's just to crap you you know finding a girl that you can be with and it should be happy with long term if you're energetically aware it's not you can see what's going to happen way before you get involved but that's getting ahead of myself so that answers first question。

So the second question comes from James so a second I didn't I didn't move into let me just finish that last before we go to James3。

 so we have primal man， we have average man awareness and and number three is awareness and conscious man。

 energetically awareness man。And energetically aware is what I teach you how to be to be able to notice the signs of energy that never lie energy you can always count on on energetic loss so energetically aware man in all aspects of his life and is dating this relationship in his business everything looks for the energy first doesn't get swept up by you know hot look and check or you know a fastbu business deal or stuff it's like wait a minute what's the energy around this first because the energy will tell you this is a high vibration energy which in that case you proceed or this is a low vibration energy thing which we want to get away from because it's only going to take us down So those are the three types of men that we identify with and hopefully that answers the question So next one for Jim we got James James is asking。

And Glen hinted that low vibration energy takes over our thoughts， can you have them expand on that。

 our negative thoughts on our own？Yeah it's kind of like what I just mentioned about the me driving over the Golden Gate Bridge。

 so we have 50，000 thoughts going through our heads every day roughly that's the estimates。

So where do these thoughts come from？You know， we， you know， traditional psychology says oh。

 it's just。It's just thought。Stuff that's inside us yeah I didn't buy that and and in my energetic training I recognize that there are thoughts coming through our heads that want to hurt us。

the example， the stop the stop that told me drive into drive into an ongoing traffic can have a head on collision that was a thought that was in my had actually thought that。

You know， you ever have thoughts， you know， if you're in a high place， you know。

 you're looking over and the thought says job， hey watch a job。

 you're just or or just crazy stuff that that you go， wellow。

 how can I think something like that well。In energetic awareness。

 we identify both the dualistic energies and what their purpose is。

And we identified earlier low vibration energy as a purpose， which is to block us。

 cause chaos and disruption and take us down those that energy， as I mentioned。

 can hack into our thoughts。 So I have this thought I hurt myself。

 I don't want to hurt myself you know or do something that' that's selfdestructive where does that thought come from。

 you know it's not my thoughts well where does it come from。

I identified as a low vibration energy because I can see the patterns of that in thoughts and feelings and emotions and I I go into this meticously in the courses。

 but for now we're identifying the sources and how it gets in so that's why you got these whacked out thoughts now I'll give you another example you know you're at a club or you're in a place you see a beautiful girl。

The high vibration end you thought， oh， wow， she's beautiful。 I'd like to get to know her。 Co。

 And then you say， I'm gonna walk over there。 This all happens in a split second。 You take one step。

 and then this other voice inside you says she would like you。 She's gonna turn me down。

 You're gonna be embarrassed。 You're not good enough for her。 Who do you think you are。

 And all of a sudden。😊，Your feet weighed a thousand pounds。And then you got this。 No。

 I'm good enough。 No， you're not。 No， I'm good enough。 No enough。 Meanwhile well， she leaves。

 We've all had that happen to us。 What is that， This is what we're identifying as the。

 the energies that that human beings have to deal with that that I classify as high vibration energy frequency and a low vibration energy frequency。

 Now， up until this work。There was no way that that I saw researching this for years that you can deal with that other than just take it。

 you know， I'm thinking bad。 I'm no good。 Okay， I guess I'm not worthy。

 I guess she's better than me like this， until。I' give you the first energetic principle。

 which is you can't believe it， don't believe it。How many of us have gotten suckered into stuff？

Because we believe low vibration energy thoughts that weren't true。

 and that's the job of low vibration energy。To take you to a place to all these things。

 take you down， guilt， shame， fear， anxiety， worry， anytime you've got that going on。

 you're in this energy and what we teach you how to do is null if I get out of that energy。

And moving into a high vibration of energy。有。That's awesome。 So let's do one from from save us。

 and then you can go into someone else some exercise。 So， his is pretty simple。

 It's basically how do you deal with excess sexual energy。Aces of。Great question。Your。Sex energy。

In in energetic terms， also in oriental medicine terms is known as your cheat， your life force。

 your energy， your k。And this is not only sexual energy， but it's also your creative energy。

It's also it's also your drive， it's also your life force。So in energy awareness training。

 we're very careful to respect that energy and to recognize that you can either use that energy in low vibration energy or you can use that in high vibration energy。

Low vibration energy， some of the characteristics。Are obsessive。Compulsive。Out of control。Lust。

Unfulfilled。Addictive。Or vibration imaging。High vibration energy。Is rejuvenating。Empowering。

Moving up， moving out， expanding fulfillment。Et cetera。

 So if you look at any energy that you've got going on。Which one is it So。

 so when you're dealing with excessive sexual energy， if you don't。

Respect it and move it into a high vibratory column and in high vibration energy， there's discipline。

And there's self control。Not in a negative way， but in a positive way， you know it's like you know。

 getting your paycheck and instead of blown at all you take a chunk when you put it in the bank now that might take discipline at the time but you're building your bank account up you know and if you keep doing that you can have a big chunk of money it's a saing with the sexual energy。

You know， we recognize it， we respect it and we don't abuse it。

And obsessive sexuality can be the same as excessive drinking， gambling。

 anything where where this energy is out of our control and leading us to a place where where it has a power over us。

 So that's。Classic low vibration energy， we want to take that energy into a high vibbratory realm。

 So during the class， I show you exercises to be able to preserve that energy。 you know。

 you want to be able to use that energy when you want to use it you know。

 maybe you don't want to dissipate it maybe you want to use that's the same energy。

 by the way that you use for achievement， especially for a man for to build this fortune， you know。

 to get through school to move up so the sex energy is it's a good thing。

 but it has to be respected and this is how we classify it high vibration or low vibration energy。

Awesome， so let's do one more and then have you dive into some some exercise Yeah， okay。

 so we've got， let's do out any questions that I thought was really interesting from Ronald。

It's about the whole hour in aspect if I'm at a high vibrational energy state。

That in because of dual， I eventually go to low vibration。Or can I be potentially high energy。

Great question。So。The whole point of my work。As I mentioned before。

 is to achieve emotional and energetic freedom。And that definition is to be in high vibration energy all the time。

No matter what's going on outside of you。So in other words， my， my working definition is to be happy。

 joyous， free and abundant。Regardless of what's going on outside of you。

So in the world of duality or what I call the physical world。

 which we live in the three dimensional world we live in。Our happiness is dependent upon。

What happens to us？So if I， you know， if I say Miel， did you have a good good day today？

He's going to go let me think about today。 No， first， let me back up I say I say， how do you feel。

 Are you happy。And he's going say， well I happy， Let me think about my day to day and let me see what happened。

 Yeah， some good day。 I'm happy， you know， and other times I might ask him and oh yeah。

 this hot day I'm really happy freak great And other times I， you know， I say， hey， how you doing。

 Are you happy。Check went back to old boyfriend so if you look at the duality。 remember。

 in the world of duality， what goes up must come down， What comes in， must come out。

 What goes left goes right。 That's the world of duality in the physical world。Now。

 in energetic freedom。Which is where this work directs us to。

We dislodge our connection to the physical world or the low vibration energy world or the world of duality。

 So the answer is yes， you can get to a place where you're happy， joyous and free。But it ain't free。

 it takes commitment because there are forces that don't want you to achieve that。

 they are forces that want to keep you stuck want to keep humanity stuck so but if you're committed and I was and that's why I do this work because I was committed to achieving emotional and energetic freedom more than a drowning man who once air。

And I was able to move through those things。 I was just determined to do that。

 I had enough suffering and da and I didn't want to keep doing this miracle around existence and I wanted to really。

Put to bed the issues of limitation or a baggage or self sabotage and all of you guys are that you know you have your own issues that you're dealing with。

 you can overcome them， but the key to it remember is is that you have to do it energetically because in this work。

诶。II have a phrase。When when people want to work on their issues and they have stuff that they're dealing with。

 what's the traditional thing they do， go see a psychologist， talk about it， talk， talk， talk， talk。

 talk， talk all the time。And you know all about your problem doesn't really help。

 But you know about it。 or you go see you psychiatrist。 You talk， talk， talk， talk talk。

 But this psychiatrist can give you drugs so it can numb your pain or or it can give you。

antianxi drugs， so now you're kind of numbed out， but you're still dealing with it and a large amount of my clients or our mental health professionals。

 psychologists and psychiatrists who supposedly are supposed to have the answers to how to deal with what we're talking about tonight。

 but they don't they're limited。And in this work， what has made the advances in what I do is the understanding that we see everything as energy。

We're looking at things as energy。 And whatever your problem is， I don't care what it is。

 from A to Z。 The answer is energetic。 The answer is in the energy where you can't find an answer in the physical component。

 The answer is。Energetic and and that's the key thing to be able to distinguish nothing changes until energy moves and that's why we're getting great work here with the returning soldiers PSD people going through some pretty heavy stuff and they're able to make progress and get free of that。

 you know that pain where they haven't been able to do to do it traditionally。

So this that's I think that's the key that I want to get you remember nothing changes until energy movesw。

 but it's a process that you're going through here。

 but at least there's light at the end of the tunnel and thank God for that that there's no matter what you're dealing with or whatever limitations。

There's hope to be able to move through that and in this work。

 people do it all the time that you can too。Water breaks。

 you want to do let's do one more question and then have you great lemon。Continue with content。

 And then we'll do the rest of the Q and A kind of at the end because we've got quite a few of these questions。

 So， Al right， the next one is from Guni Tao。 It's how do I project good energy while communicating with women specifically when it relates to clarity of。

Man， that's $100，000 question， Geee， and I'm going to answer it for you。

How do you project good women， good energy to women？Here's the secret。

 You guys heard of the law of attraction。You know， there's a lot of books been written about that。

 but there's something to it。And here's the thing。You can only attract。

The level of energetic vibration that you're at。So if you notice， you know。

 of your in some of the trainrant girls that you went out with who had some problems in whatever their drama was。

There was a certain thing that you had in common with them。 There was a certain energy。 I know。

 you know， the girls that that I dated， you know， even though they had their own challenges。

They were going through。 They had gone through similar stuff that I had gone through。

So this is why being energetically aware and free is important because you can only attract。

 you know， water can only attract the same level that rises to so when you want to bring good energy to a woman。

You can't fake it。Okay， and this is the important thing you can't do women are they have such radars and they're so intuitive。

 you know， they can look you over in two seconds and know all about you and know enough know enough about you。

 whether they want to talk to you， whether they don't want to talk to you now one of the secrets that I that I teach that I released on a video that I did with Owen in the panel。

 maybe some of you saw that。Is the knowledge that your energy。Your energy， your field force。

 you know， we all have an energy field， you know， it's not just the body here。

 We have an energy field force that goes out， you know， many feet depends how high your energy。

 if you have low vibration energy， it doesn't go out far but if you have high vibration energy goes out far So that's why when you think about you know the people that you like hanging out with you know。

 take Kyler， for example， but you're around hit man， you can feel his energy， you know。

 why when he enters the room even if you're on the other side of the room that it's so positive and it's so outward it's so high vibrational energy。

So understand that your energy。Gets to the woman or the place or the or the business meeting before you do good or bad。

 it gets there。 That's why in， in my training， I teach you every morning。

You don't want to leave the house until you go into high vibrational energy because whatever energy you're in is going to attract more of the same。

 Remember the energetic laws I told you about energy expands。

 It's constantly expanding we're an expanding universe。 So if you're in high vibration energy。

 which is what you want to be in。You're going to expand and attract good things and that's the joy of this work。

 the more high vibration energy you're in， the more great things happen and the more you're in this wonderful jet stream of positivity and happiness。

Now you start your day in low vibration energy or you don't start your day with any kind of energy。

 you just gonna fuble out of bed and you know take a shower and get ready for work and show up you're either in in no energy or in low vibration energy going on I got to work to another day how until a weekend oh I gotta quit this job one of these like you're in a low vibration energy line and that energy is gonna expand so you can get to the office and go hi everybody。

 yeah， isnt a great how you doing doing yeah yeah， okay go to my team like you know。

 but your thoughts in your emotions。Don't lie。That's why， you know winter lie detector tests。

 you know they hook you up with what they can detect the truth inside us。

 they can know if you're being authentic， no matter you know what your best game face is。

 they can detect the subtle energy that's either high vibration energy or low vibration energy。

So you need to be authentic， so the best thing I would say before before you you approach any girl。

 you want to be high vibration energy， feel the high vibration energy in yourself。

Come from a place of。Of what I， what I explained high vibration energy to be， a place of gratitude。

 a place of appreciation。For the for how good you you are so blessed， I don't care where you are。

 if you're listening to me， you got a computer listening to you， you're one of the1%， you know。

 lucky people who have a computer and have a great life。 You have so much to be be thankful for。

And and when you tune into those high vibrational energies， feelings and thoughts， they expand。

 but you've got to make a decision to do that because the again。

 here it comes the low vibration energy because I want you to do that once you go oh isn't this she's probably this you know you hear you hear people all around complain。

 complain this sucks， that sucks， you know you turn on the news。

 it's all about the low vibration energy all this guy said this called you know this guy's a liar。

 this guys a chief this guys you know it's like it's all around us this low vibration energy and wants to suck us in so you have to make a commitment dedication to yourself to move in high vibrational energy and and that's what we're talking about tonight and and here's one way to do that is a simple tool to be constantly aware of what's right about your life what's。

Could have back your life。What's going Well， Mount， What sucks， What's going good。

 Because energy flows where attention goes。 I want you to write that down。 your note。

 write that down or if you' tattoo， tattoo that energy flows where attention goes。

 So what's your attention on is your attention upon， you know， how much your life sucks。

Or is your intention on what you're grateful for， wherever you're at， whatever you're doing。

You've got plenty to be grateful for and that grateful actually has a physical effect upon you。

 you know， there's there's I'm doing a lot of neuroscience studies now and neuroscientists are finding out that when we have certain thoughts。

And certain emotions， it triggers parts of our brain that bring us into calmness。

 that bring us into joy， that bring us into high vibrational energy。

It's amazing there's a great book called Netheology that I'm reading you guys our book guys or God in the brain。

 that's a really good one。 You know whether you believe you don't believe you're an atheist。

 a neuroscientist are proving that to be thinking about。That concept。

 you don't have to call it that that word to be thinking about。Infinite joy， infinite love， peace。

 world peace， brotherhood， joy， happiness， service sharing。 It affects parts of our brain。

 and it has a neurological effect thats high vibrational energy that's calm me。 It's empowering。

 that puts us in a great place。 and that's what I'm teaching in all the the different quadrants and modules that I teach is how to take your energy。

😊，Disolve the low vibration energy and move into a high vibratory state。

So you can get more of the good stuff。 and here's the key thing。So important that I teach， you know。

 as men in when we're connected to the physical world or to the low vibration energy where we're taught in this world。

 you want something， you got to make it happen You got to put willpower You got to put muscle into it You know nobody's gonna do it for you and and so there's this this intensity。

 notice what I'm doing with my body and constrict it tense well gotta get it gotta get it done Okay。

 well。And a lot of people in order them to produce have to put themselves in intense low vibrationration energy or intense pressure。

 you know， like you know， those of you in high school or college when you had your term paper due。

 you know some people just started on it， the midterm and just worked on it constantly and constantly and by the time it was due。

 it was all ready to go and handed in feeling great about it。

What did most people do they wait till the last minute it's due two days it's do I got to have this paper done in two days if I don't get it done I'm going the press's gonna fuckuck me and my parents going to be pissed off and I'm going to lose my student name and I going to study and stay up all night and you know drinking red Bulls and you get the thing done but you're just a mess。

Having to deal with that， that's an example of the energies。

 which one do you want to be in one of them will empower you and make you healthy。

 one of them will make you unhealthy and cause stress that ultimately will bring you way down in low vibration energy。

So I'm illustrating these points， I know you guys are aware of this you know， from a normal concept。

 but I'm taking you deeper and having you become aware of the energetic effects of this world。

And and the the subject that we're talking about here it's it for me it's the most fascinating subject in the world because it affects everything。

 everything is affected by the knowledge of energy awareness， the love， sports， money， health。

 career， whether， you whatever it is， it's all energetic， So when you can see the energetic。

 the energy around something。You're able to know and have the inside edge to what most people don't see and that that's the inside edge to having energy awareness and it's really cool and I love it so that's why。

So many people want to learn it， that's why Tyler wanted me to tell you guys about it， okay？哦好俾我就。

Great， excited about that。 So here's what I wonder， I'm， I'm gonna。

 We're gonna do two things tonight。I'm going to teach you some basic warm up exercises to get your energy rolling。

And then I'm going to take you into an energetic journey within you so that we can explore this energetic world together。

Okay， now。By the way。When you go out gaming。I always， well， you know， to all my students， I say。

 prepare yourself。 you want to prepare yourself。Energetically。

 because that's the most important thing。Your energy， it's not with your hair is combed。

 It's not what you're wearing。 It's not with you you got good breath or bad breath。 It's your energy。

 right， How many times had have you been in clubs and and you see the you know。

 some ugly or underdress or goofy looking sluub。But it's got great game And he's game these girls。

 And it doesn't make any sense。 You're like， why would you be attracted to him， You know。

 you see super hot girls with， with， you know， total looking guy。 What's， you know。

 can't figure it out。 Well， now， you know， because it's not what you see， although。

The physical helps no doubt， but all things consider what's the most important thing。

 it's the energy， it's the way they relate， it's the way the bo and we and can and do what I call being response able to be able to interact with the girl and she's moving this way you can take her this way you know or she shit tested it。

 you know how to move around that and you know how how to do this wonderful dance and not get shot down because your energy is so strong and so much the pickup game so much of the game of relationships is energetic and especially once you get her how to keep her if you're not aware of energy the energetic game between men and women which we go over in another course。

You got to be aware of that because it it's a constant maneuver and if you're if you're too you guys know if you're too nice。

 you're going to get you're going to get。Bulldozed over， you know。

 but if you're too dominant and you're too bossy， okay。

 she's going to run so where's that happy medium？And how do you know what that happy meeting is you can only know it if you're energetically aware so you can see how the energies are working between you and this is something that's unseen you have to be able to notice energy around it Okay so want you to be aware of that so。

Prepare before you go out， so I have a couple of exercises that I do。

I do every morning actually before。I leave before I leave the house， actually。

 I personally do about a 45 to 60 minute energy routine。Which is the only work I do every day。

 everything else is。PCK， the key thing is making sure I do my energy work and put myself in massive。

 high vibrational energy。And when I'm in high vibrational energy。

 I'm connected to an interactive flow that guides me。Effortlessly to what I need to be doing。

 to who I need to meet， to what I need to be doing。

And it it's an incredible rush to be fully in this energy and it's my intention for all of you。

 you guys one day to do that， but there are certain things I do before I do the exercise。

 let me show you。Or energy。Isn't just an up and down thing if you guys know what a double helix is our energy runs side to side side to side side die。

 so you know that we have a left brain left brain energy and we have a right brain energy which simply means theres certain parts of our energy that does one thing。

 certain part of our energy that do another thing so。When our energy gets stopped or gets。

Jam or gets。What I would call it gets too dense。You can feel it in your body。

 you can feel it your energy just your thoughts get fuzzy， you're kind of lethargic。

 you can't think straight， you're kind of moving down， you get sleepy。

 you know where you need coffee or something we all experience that every day。

Our energy shutting down because there are times when our energy is up and ready to go and there are times when it's kind of slow and slogging around so I have certain exercises that I do that starts the energy rolling even before I go and start moving into high vibrational energy。

 I want to get the energys moving in the same direction。

 so I'm going to give you a few exercises here that I do that well jumpstart your energy you all know or maybe do know you've heard of acupuncture which means that you know there are certain points on the body that are called meridians where where the energy flows through very strongly and in acupuncture you know or oriental medicine they teach that we have certain meridian flows。

Through our body and that energy is going if that energy is flowing， then we're in good health。

 if it's jammed up or if it's congested， then we're gonna be jammed up and congested so these these exercise that i'm teaching you they're simple to do but what they do is they activate the meriius to keep the energy flowing So the first one I do is called the the scalp massage。

So I put my hands on my head。And I make like I'm washing my hair。So I'm， I'm。

 I'm touching on'm massaging。All parts of my head here。From the top。From the back here to the crown。

 all the way to the back of my head。 Why， what's that doing， Well， all the Merriian points。

Come up to the head。 They're all they're all connected to all parts of our head。

 So when we start moving here， we start moving the energy。 And this is important because remember。

 I told you， energy is like water。 If the energy is stuck and not moving。

 what happens to it over time， it gets dirty and you can't drink of it。

 But when energy is moving like a river， it stays clean。 So the first thing I do is I massage。

And really give my head a good rub。Okay I'll rub that about 10 times。Then I take a breath。Big breath。

 hold it， exhale。Because as I'm activating these different points on my body。

 I want to bring oxygen into them so that they'll expand the energy。

And just doing this can make the energy flow again and when energy is flowing。

From top to bottom you're in high vibrational energy okay I just don't stop there at the head here。

 I use the ears I pinch and massage every aspect of my ears。

 some of you may may know about ear conning some some of you may know that the ear is the shape of the the fetus in the womb and many Oriental doctors believe that that all the points of our organs。

 you know our heart our lungs， you know kitties， et cea。

 they're all points that are connected into the ear， so we want to be be given that a good。做得去。

Good Pre， even even in the year canal here， everywhere you came in the cartilage。And notice， wow。

 if you're doing it and you're giving it a good rub。

 you're starting to notice some energy moving here， Great。

 So as that energy moves now take another big breath， inhale through the nose， big breath。

 big breath， big breath， big breath， big breath， hold it。And exhale through the mouth。

Let's do another one inhale。好嘅。NH else。Great， notice energy starting to move。Should have had you。

And I'll do that later。 had you， because now your energy， if you you guys kind of tired。

 if you guys are on the East Coast here， you know， you getting kind of tired。

 notice you're starting to perk up now because energys starting to move。 Okay。

 now notice we have our collar bone here。Right where my hands are， Okay， I want you to take。

Your fists like this。 And this part。I want you to hit that。 These are called K42。Or collarer boat。

 this activates this very important area。That starts to move energy is just。

Just move it out like that inside you。J， just about 20 times。Now， take a big breath。好的。Exhale。

Take another one， inhale。Exhaes。Easy to do， these exercise are easy to do， they're easy not to do。

Alright， I'm gonna have you stand up now。Okay。This one's called a cross crawl exercise。

 This is really good for， for reintegrating both sides of your brain。And what we're doing is simple。

 I'm going to take my right hand。 I'm gonna lift my left knee。I'm going to hit it like this。

But keep those knees high。Okay， now stop and now go the other direction。 Left Left hand， right knee。

Stop back to right hand left the。Cool。Now， take a breath。Exhale。Take a breath。Exhale。

 I'm going to show you one more。 We move this up here。

So what's happening now is your energy is starting to expand here。

 And when energy expands when we do this physically。

 we're connecting into more high vibrational energy because energy is flowing， flowing。

 That's a description of high vibration， energy flowing free， expanding， moving up。

 So speaking moving up。 I want you to practice the stretchings of the spine over your head， stretch。

 stretch， stretch， stretch， stretch， stretch just reach up。Because you're stretching your energy。

 you're stretching your aura as well as stretching your spine。可以。Over here， stretch。

 feel all the stretch are on this side。 stretch， stretch， stretch， stretch， other side， stretch。

 stretch， stretch， stretch。Okay， windms moving around。啊。你晓。啊。啊。Oh。Okay， relax the shoulders。Good。

 and then we end this exercise with a pat down。Just padding down。行。你可。5月分。Chitese。

Hing down the sides of my legs。All the way down inside my legs。Okay， and just take a moment。

 let's take one more breath。Exhaes。Go ahead and sit down。你好。

Go ahead and close your eyes for a minute。And just be present in this energy。Notice that。

 energy is moving very nicely now inside you。Okay， these exercise stimulate your energy systems。

It's moving very nicely。 Now， the key to it is。To just be able to hang out for a moment。In stillness。

In silence。So let's see how you do。 We're going take a minute。Be still and be aware。

 find the gap between the thoughts。 If their thoughts great， we're not the thoughts。

So with thoughts I want to keep thinking a about， we're about just connecting to the silence with ease。

And being fully present。And noticing。The energy inside us。So， let's just take a minute。

And just notice how that feels。And we'll talk about it here in a few minutes。Just notice the process。

Were being still or hanging out in the silence。 Just notice what's happening and what's not happening。

And just be present and hang out。Experience。This energy。Great。But I'm going to count one to 3。

 when I reached the number 3， we're going to come back to full waking consciousness。

 knowing our energy is shifted from where we started。And delightfully， so， all right。

 get ready to come back。1， feel a floor underneath your feet，2， feel a chair underneath your seat。

 and on the next number， eyes open awake， Energize number3。😊，All right。

 let's give me some feedback now on how that how you feeling。佢屎欢。Number one and two。

 what was it like， What was the energy like when you were sitting down and being still。

We know about that so we can discuss that。 Very important。While the questions are coming in。Now。

 from this place。Herere at a place of what I call response able。

So responseable means you're present right here。W now。And you're fully present in your body。

 You can feel your energy moving。 We've activated different circuits。

 So the circuits are working very nicely now。 Would that take5 minutes， even less。It's easy to do。

 you want to feel good， easy to do。But it's easy not to。And remember。

 there's an energy inside you that doesn't want you to do this。So as long as you're aware of that。

 you can move forward。And it's a choice。 That's why energetic awareness is a decision。

 It's not a I'll do it if I feel like it or I'll overcome my my negativity， you know。

 in my spare time， never do it。 It's， it's making a deliberate choice to start being aware。

Of the world around you to see， what's always been there。 But you haven't seen it yet。

 And then to start moving through。From darkness to light， from being reactive， being proactive。

 from being limited to unlimited。Okay， we can't。 we have any response here。Yeah。

 so we've got people that are feeling tingly， touchy， laughing。Rejuvenated。

 Alex says he's got so many thoughts in come of his mind and all them are very random thing that'll be an interesting thing to touch on is we are not。

价值。で告这。So。Seeee， I thought I mentioned that about 10 minutes into the deal here。

 but I'll go over it again。I'm glad that you mentioned that。

Because I want I know some of you guys are going to have bliss。You know， and some of you guys。

 if you're not used to being in this space， you know。是。It's going to be a challenge。

So any you guys who subscribe to T Lopez's emails， he had a great email say yesterday or something that where he quotes famous books and one of the books that one of his quotes was。

I I wrote it down here。 it says the source， the source or cause of all problems stemmed from a man's inability to sit in a room for one hour in silence。

Great quote，hu， I'm going to repeat that。The source of all men's problems stem from his inability。

To sit in a room in silence for one hour。Now。What hour， how about half an hour。

 how about what how about 10 minutes， some of you some of you couldn't even do it for for the minute and a half that we did this。

 why is that？You know， and those of you who' have ever tried to meditate， you know。

 that was a lot of fun， huh， you know， teach you how to meditate， yeah， just close your eyes， relax。

And just。Enjoy the stillness。And and you your thoughts are going what am I doing， this isn't working。

 I got things to do， what am I doing here it's just thoughts， thoughts， thoughts。

This is a great example， this is one of the key examples of energetic awareness。

There's a process in your head。That voiceover， I call it。 Some people call it the ego Min。

 ego stands for e goodness or Grace out。Some people call it the lizard in your head。

 people call it the emotional terrorists， that voice over that just has to comment and criticize and judge everybody and everything and it runs out of people to criticize or put down。

 it'll start on you。That's the biggest。别的群。Of energetic awareness training to identify that voice that's the voice that told me to drive into the opposite lane he that's the voice that tells you you're not worthy。

 you know， you're not good enough she'll never fall for you， you know， you can't get that category。

 all that stuff that puts you into the category of low vibration energy， limited stuck。

 helpless lacking needy desperate low vibration energy。咩。Those of you guys who saw the Wizard of Oz。

 I' once you guys saw that movie， the Wizard of Oz。

Do you remember how everybody was intimidated by the big screen of the all the powerful flaws and the fireballs and anything like this and he had everybody all scared and intimidated。

Until the little dog went and found the curtain and pulled it back。

 and it was just just a little man behind the curtain doing special effects。

That's ultimately what the low vibration energy is。

But you don't realize that until you're out of it when you're in it。

 it seems like this overwhelming power that's trying to disrupt you cause you chaos。

 But when you're in a high vibration energy， most of you are right now。What negativity。

 You're feeling good。 You're in peace。 You're in a high vibrational energy。Now。You know。

 to answer a question that came before。So you're in high vibration energy。

 I that that mean tomorrow you're going to be in low vibration energy。Well， what it is。

It's the duality of let's choose this example。 We have a physical body。

 You all know Hector Tolly says we have an energetic body or what he calls a pain body。

And it's a pain body only if you let pain go there， So in our physical body， I just took a bath。

 I'm feeling nice and clean， feeling great， going out for the night。

Does that mean I'm never going to get dirty again？Of course not I'm going to you know tomorrow's another day。

 but if I got a shower and a bar of soap， you know。

 I can deal with getting dirty or getting smelly and overcome that it's the same thing with your energetic skills。

Stress to all of you。Is your number one enemy？And it's the number one product of the low vibration energy。

 So， you know， if I was going to dumb it down and and， and just。

Describe the biggest example of low vibration energy is stress。When we're stressed on something。

 we're in low vibration energy and what is stress， let's think about this When I'm stressed at work。

 that means something's not flown。 If I'm not making money or my money's down。

 it means that there's not a flow there， something's jammed up， The process isn't flowing。

 If I'm having problems with my relate， If I'm stressed over my relationship， You know。

 she's banging on me or， you know， we're not getting along， what's happening， There's stress there。

 What's that stress， We're looking energetically， We're looking at the energy。

That's out of whack and out of line。Health wise。It's the same thing here。If we're not。

Completely healthy， if thingst aren't flowing， if we got a headache or got forbid or some aches。

 there's a blockage。The energy is blocked。 So no matter what's what you're stressed out about and all comes down to。

 the energy is blocked。 and that's the source。 and not only the source， but it's the solution。

When wise men said the source of every problem， the solution pardon me。

 the solution to every problem you're having no matter what it is is energetic。

 so you if you remember you know I told this a story about a couple who came to see me who were breaking up。

And they they'd been married 12 years had two or three kids and they had been every marriage counselor and therapist that they could find and it just got worse and worse it was it he said she said。

they just gave up and they decided to divorce us and he came to see me first and he said， you know。

 I need to get rid of all this anger I have so that we can divorce and I can still be a good father to the kids and I said。

 wella， you know what happened to you I thought you guys were so happy。And， you know。

 he started going into the issues。 But the bottom line was he said， I couldn't。

 I can't take it anymore。I can't take it anymore， Okay， I talk to her same thing。Issues， issues。

 bottom linees， I can't put up with them anymore。 Now， the average person and the therapist。

 you know， they they told them， well， you got， you guys are so far apart on issues。

 You can't come to any agreement。 I think it's better。

 You know that the therapist told them dev them to divorce because the relationship was done。

 Can you imagine people have been married 12 years have kids， therapist told them the divorce。

 I knew that it was energetic problem。 I knew that when what I heard。

Was different from the therapist or when I heard he says， I can't take it anymore。

 I heard that his energy body was filled with stress， that he was stressed out。 man。

 that you couldn't put any more in that than it was driving with nuts。

 And that's what happens in your energetic body when your energetic body was filled with stress。

What is stress， low vibration energy， what does low vibration energy cause？Low vibration energy。

 So what happens is when you've got stress inside you。And it's like your physical body。

 if you don't clean your physical body， what happens？After a while， nothing good。

 same thing with your energetic body， your energetic body says energy expands and it's low vibration energy it's going to start to attack your emotions and whether people report under stress。

Anxiety， depression， rage， anger， self attack， et cetera。That comes out why。

 when people are stressed。Becauseuse why， because low vibration energy attracts more Now。

 if you still don't do anything about it， that stress， though。

 those negative emotions turn into physical pain。You know they start to attack the body as asthma or chronic pain or migraine headaches or allergies or asthma。

 etc and now you got real problems and I do a lot of work with people who've come to me after they've been to 20 doctors for chronic pain you know and I don't make any medical claims I work on the energy I work on the stress so that's what I want you guys to be aware of where are you stressed down in your lives how is that affecting you because it is having an effect。

And what I want you to learn here from this webinar is。You know。

 if you tried the 10% to solve it and it still hasn't worked。

 it means the answer to it is energetic in the 90%。Okay， very important。Question。Or a result on。Yeah。

 I mean， most you know， most people are saying this is really great。 gives accitation， get present。

Yes。都话结个十可十多。Some more Q andA or do you want to take it to another let me just mention one thing and then and we'll take some more Q andA I dont I bet you guys are not having fun this is my favorite subject and whatever you love whatever you're passionate about you know find a way to do it for a living so that you can help people and and feel good all the time that's the ultimate high vibrational energy Now a lot of people mentioned mention to me Glen but Glen I meditate you know I meditate you know I do T or do some guru meditation or something I say well that's great I'm all for meditation I meditation is a great thing。

But then I said， but well how's that working for you and they go， well， I feel good when I meditate。

 but I'm in low vibration energy so much of the time。

 you know that I don't know why I' this is happening to me。

And let me explain why that happens to you Mediitation is a wonderful thing So what do we do in meditation we expand our consciousness。

 we move up and we move out into expanded consciousness and then what do we do when we're done we move back into our bodies Now if our energetic body is filled with stress and low vibration energy and in energy awareness training identify three types of stress or low vibration energy。

 the stuff we need our daily stuff that we got to deal with our historical up two is our operational or the stress that we're dealing with on a regular basis and then three is our historical the stuff we've had since we were kids you know the traumas that we've been through the upsets the struggles。

 whatever our story is so。It's important whatever that is。

You've got to move that out because if only need support this standards here。

 if I'm let's see my energy body is here so so if I'm holding stress and I'm holding low vibration energy and I meditate and I move up and I feel good。

 do my mantra come back down， what am I coming back down into。The low vibration energy。

 I'm taking gray energy， high and I'm moving it into a low vibration energy place。

 So in energy awareness training you learning how to meditate effectively is part of what we teach and and the key to it。

 what' what success makes you successful is you clean this。

 at least of a daily stress so that you can move up into high vibrational energy。

 Then when you're done， you're coming down into a relatively clean。😊，Energy body。

 And that's what gives your results。 That's what starts to move you forward。

 If you're coming back down in with dirty， you know， or stressed out pain body。

The meditation is not going do you。You know that much it's gonna it's better than not doing it don't mistake me。

 but you're not gonna to get the ultimate results So what we do in the training is if you've never meditate or meditation has been a challenge or you're not getting the results of your meditation meditation is what we do part of the exercise is that we teach you how to do so that you can go into this state and come down in a clean energy body so that you can have a great day。

 yout have to worry about this or you can go to sleep and have a great sleep makes sense。Cool。

Q AYeah， Q And A， and then we'll Q and A for about five minutes and then we'll end with our cool exercise。

 So we've got a question from Ben It's a good question， actually。

 I there any time that low vibration energy is healthy to experience。Oh。

That's a really good question。嗯。Yes， there is。And。We all of us。In our lives。At some point。

 we'll have to experience pain， whether it's especially in relationships， you know。

 if you haven't had your heartbroken and if you haven't had a girl， you know go upside down on you。

 you really won't know， won't know much about relationships。And， and pain is a teacher。

So pain you you can look at is pain that brings sorrow， pain that brings upset。

That's an educational teacher for us， so in the beginnings of our life。

Going through that is a is a necessary part of。Who we are becoming to be。

And that's why most people don't become energetically aware or start asking questions to become energetically aware。

 usually until the 30s， even 40s， you know， because， you know。

 when you're in your your 20s you know you're go go go go go you know。

 gives as many girls as you can you know you're not thinking about this stuff and you haven't noticed the patterns of life yet and and it wasn't until I began to notice the patterns。

 my own patterns， you know， reoccurring relationships or reoccurring habits or reoccurring outcomes that you start to become more aware of how things work and you go I'm getting the same result。

 you know over and over again， it's not what I want and yet you know， you can say hey。

 well I want to be happy， Id love to find a girl like kind of as a girlfriend a long-term relationship some of you guys are even looking for wives you know。

 cool why do I keep finding。Women who are not white material or you know low vibration energy girls et ceter。

 so you want to be here you're here， you want to be here。

 you take two steps forward and three steps back。And that's becoming aware of。

The energetic influences in this world。And and that's what we have。

 and that's what we're dealing with here。 The energetic。

 the energetic influences that we have taking place so。F the rugs go with this， but but。

This energy is vital for you to be able to recognize that all of life is a pattern。

 there's all kinds of patterns and there's routines and all kinds of stuff taking place here。

And we just haven't noticed it yet， so in looking for a great girlfriend or a great wife。I use the。

 the， the。Well， this is one of the things that I teach that might as well shared with you guys here and I hope you're seeing this from what we're dealing with。

Life doesn't come at us when you're energetically aware。Light comes from us。

And this is the turning point in your life。You know， so many of us think， well， what's like， well。

 it's going to happen today， you know， am I going to be lucky today。

 am I going to find that great girl today， am I going to are the stars going to be in alignment。

 you think it's out there， but if you've been listening tonight。

You're recognizing that what happens out here。Is based on what's going on in here， so my thoughts。

 my feelings， my beliefs， my energies。That's that the programs that I have inside me。

Are creating my reality so you're creating your reality and if you're and if you're creating a reality that you don't want。

That's the aware that's the wake up call thats that's the pattern that you're sitting okay， I'm here。

 I want to be here taking two steps forward and three steps back and that's the beginning you guys get one thing from the seminar it's too awakened to be able to see the patterns that are taking place that we were never taught of nobody teaches this in colleges to be energetically aware of the patterns that we're creating so remember life comes from you not to you。

And that's where you can you can be proactive and change your life you can't change it if if you just say well I'm just a leaf in the wind。

 you know whatever happens to me， say levee， you know that's that's another word for being victim and powerlessness and that's the opposite of we are an energetic awareness we learn how to recognize and and move with the move with the energies with the high vibrational energies to get where we want to go and to get away from what we don't want it's a dual thing。

Releasing， getting away， dissolving what we don't want and moving in towards what we do。So。

 so San has， how do I get rid of depression， anxiety here。Great question。Well。

 we started that's why we're doing the energy awareness training class。I can give you some tips here。

 but in order to do that this depression and this anxiety didn't start yesterday， you know。

 it's something that you've been doing on an ongoing basis that you are unaware of so for example you know depression you know it's not something that we catch like pneumonia there's a formula。

 there's a certain syntax that has to happen for somebody to be depressed you know。

 and and the formula that I teach in the class goes like this thoughts。Feelings， emotions， actions。

So what happens is is you have a thought。And if it's a low vibration energy thought。

 she would if something bad happens。Tomorrow， what if there's an earthquake and then you get feeling of fear？

And then that fear is a feeling and that expands to an emotion of whatever you have inside you that represents fear。

And those that energy starts to awaken and expand and pretty soon it's locked down your whole body and now you're in low vibration energy。

And that energy is heading down， so if you ever talk to depressed people。

 man their their energy is down， they're looking down， they're feeling down， they're talking down。

ItIt's the chronic example of the low vibration energy。

And you know it's it's brought to you by someone who wants to take you there。

 so in energetic awareness training're first thing we do is we're aware of the energies before we get locked into it where we don't believe everything that we think。

So we don't let a thought take me O Glen， it's rainy outside。

 Do you remember that rainy day when you're in the sixth grade where。

 where you gave a flower to that girl you liked and she threw it back at you and objected to you。

 Yeah I remember that。Feeling， felt terrible emotion over my whole body。

Takes me down tool low vibration energy。 Now， before you learn energetic awareness， you're a victim。

 there， nothing you could do。 You didn't。 you didn't know that you were being played。

 You didn't know that that was the thought。 You didn't know this called low vibration energy。

 So down you went。But here you're learning skills， you're learning to be aware of your thoughts。

 you're learning hey not so fast。You know when the thought comes oh。

 it's going be another horrible that wait a minute whose thought is that that's not my thought I don't I don't believe everything I think hold on is that what I want to choose no so you know this it。

Doesn't happen overnight， but it's skill that you learn you start noticing these invisible energies。

 these thoughts here and you recognize whoa all this thing it's not me。

 it's not who I choose to be so I'm using tools which is what you learn how to get out of it So what what I think what was his name。

That was from Sanje， Sanjeev。 Okay， Sanjeev， so learn today。You're not your thoughts。

 don't believe everything you think when you get a thought that says I'm depressed， you know。

 life sucks， et cetera， that's not your thought， don't believe it。

There's an energy that's trying to take you down， don't let it。

Make a decision I want to be in high vibrational energy and get those exercises that I taught you you get up and do those that'll change your state immediately So when you notice yourself moving down in in a low vibration energy。

Get up and do those exercises， it works in three to five minutes。

 you can completely change your state and get the energy moving because whenever ever you're in a low vibration energy state。

Your energy is getting shut off and you're starting to move into darkness， hard， dark stuck。

 all the examples of low vibration energy。 Okay， now you're in control of your energy。

're you're not letting a low vibration energy。 So you want to take immediate action and those exercises they're a good beginning point。

Easy to do， easy not to do。 It's your decision。 and， and the decision has to be， I don't want to。

 I't want energetic freedom。 I want to be emotionally free more than I want anything else as a priority in my life。

And when you're at that place， you'll move it forward。马上老话。It's a good question。

 How do you maintain high vibration of energy during stressful situations。And specifically。

 what is one good thing to do。Strong attack。During successfuls。上。Okay， well， there。

 there are certain exercises that that you learn that I'll teach I'll teach you a couple of them here in the。

Before we wrap up。啊。See， doesn't， it doesn't start with。

Somebody gave me low vibration energy and and now I got I gotta clean that up and get back in a high vibration energy in energy awareness trading。

 you are high vibrational energy， you are you're you're aware of your energy constantly throughout the day。

 you know it's like it's like if I'm over in Iraq okay， and I leave the military base you know。

 and I'm walking around Fallusia， you know， I'm about walking around， you know。

 like I don't have a care in the world I'm aware。That there could be snipers。

 I'm aware that there's a possible。Danger there。 Now， it's the same metaphor。 It's not as heavy， but。

 you know， in your life， especially when you're doing this work， you're。

 you become aware of the low vibration energy。 See most of you。

Are used to low vibration of energy is part of your day it part of your thought process now。

 you know， and that's why。You you're dealing with the situations you're dealing with。

So what the energetic awareness training starts when I know like like I don't need the house。

Until I'm in a high vibration energy state， when I'm in a high vibration energy state。

 not only am I feeling good。I've cleared my pain body and I've got a force field around me that's expanding that not only creates high vibration energy wherever I'm going。

 but it also protects me against low vibration energy attacks。

 it's a field that if somebody comes out and me gone forbid with negativity or wants to do some low vibration energy thing。

 I've got a field around me that protects me So it's not it's not an issue。You know。

 just to give you a quick example。You know，But before I learned energetic awareness。

 when I would get a ticket。I would get so pissed off。

 especially if I run up to the guy guys writing me to ticket and go，y。

 I'm here up'm here they go sorry， man， boom， 80 bucks。

I would go in such low vibration energ I you let son， you know， and， and I go， oh， what I could do。

 I start going visualize 80 bucks。 I could block out for a nice dinner。 I could pay this bill。

80 bucks。 I got I guess throw down。 I， Well， what kind of energy is that Comple low vibration energy。

 So I'm taking something。 and I'm expanding the energy down。

 and I'm feeling even worse in high vibration energy I'm， you know， I I experienced that。

 isn't that interesting。And I can allow this thing to happen and still feel good because that physical thing does not affect my high vibrational energy when you're energetically free things come things go。

 things go up， things go down that's the way it is in this physical world。

 but I'm connected to a higher frequency， and this higher frequency， which is energetic freedom。

 which is what what we start you getting on the road of in the course that we're starting next week。

Is the road to that to be able to move to a place where stuff happens now at some point I'm going to be teaching a specific class on how to inoculate yourself in relationships。

Um， most of you guys， I know that I have， you ever experienced heartbreak。

 you ever had a girl break your heart， you have you ever gone through that agony。

 that pain that won't go away， it's like there's there's ink in your veins and it's just the worst freaking feeling in the world。

 I've gone through that many times。And I've often wondered。

 I wonder if there's something that can be done about this well through through the miracle of energetic awareness training。

 there is something that you can do， there is something that you can do。

 there there's an energetic place that you can achieve that can inoculate you so that you can move into a relationship and hopefully you're attracting a great girl but if it doesn't you're not afraid of it because you get to a place where your happiness in your well-being isn't based upon a woman's approval now that's easier said and done because all of us in the first part of our lives have grown up to want a woman's approval especially our mothers。

 we grow up want want mom's approval and then we grow up want the girls in school we want their approval and then the girls we try to date we want their approval so a lot of us you know we're just approval approval of me we get with girls and we want their approval。

And we don't recognize that wanting that approval can take us into a low vibration energy that's dangerous for us that we can abandon our self-estteem our our centeredness and our grounding is a man so this is another important aspect in energetic awareness so that you don't go through that again the last time I went through it I vow I say I'm never going go through this again I'm going find out what it takes and I'm going move forward and that's why I developed this work here so that so you don't have to worry about it because you know what in the world of duality if you can fall in love and you can have this passionate and you can be so close and you can feel like you're one together and you feel like it's gonna last forever and she says she loves you so much。

And then the thing goes south and then all everything that built up all that wonderful pleasure and all that wonderful feeling goes south and it turns into a low vibration of energy and pain and sorrow and you wish you had never had met her。

 okay， that's being。At the effect or a victim of the world of duality and energetic awareness teaches you to be able to move from a higher place so that doesn't affect you and that's probably one of the most important things that I teach here and I want you guys to be aware you know I can't give you everything here in one night。

 but at least I can open your awareness to the possibilities of what lays ahead you know if if you dedicate yourself and I hope you do to learning this and moving yourself into a high vibration of energy permanent state。

Let's say a couple of more Well's， let's see this。 I've got quite few guys that actually mentioning how do you how do actually get coaching from you。

 So let's。Kind of talk how you talk about that then do an exercise with the Q Okay。

 so we have a course， you know， it's you can't。See me privately now because i'm all booked up and it's very expensive to come see me privately。

 but what Tyler has asked me to do is he's asked me to do a course to teach the basics of energetic awareness training so we put together a class that starts next Tuesday。

And it's a sixwe class on getting you really grounded and rooted in what I talked to you about tonight you know we covered a lot gave you a lot of content tonight it's like drinking out of a firehouse for a lot of you guys but I wanted to make sure you guys got plenty of content and that you can connect the information that's completely applicable to whatever you're doing whether it's game or it's business or relationships or whatever it is and and people going hey。

 I want more well we decided to give you more in doing the class so it's a class it's a 90 minute class and it's going to be held every Tuesday starting this Tuesday。

For the next six weeks and we're going to go into the intricacies and I'm going to teach you you know what I teach my you know my high priced clients。

 what I have taughtd Tyler on the basics of energetic awareness so you can start moving through this。

And the investment for that is 695， which is a pittance。

 that's almost one session to come see me for one session。

 so it's a great bargain if you understand you know the power of this work and then for those of you who want to work with me personally。

 we added a premium program where you get three personal one on one sessions with me。

 either on Skyper in the office if you're in the LA area where I come and coach you personally。

During that session on whatever your particular issue is see everybody on the you know on the call here has got different issues。

 you've come from different backgrounds， you're dealing with different levels of low vibration energy but so many people you know going Glen how can how can I work with you how can I work with you one on one etc and I can't work with everybody because my schedules already got a waiting list but what I can do is I can work with with you in this program because I set aside some time during the week to be able to work with the people who want premium coaching and I would just mention that this is a life changer whatever you want to do be or have in life being energetically aware we'll catapult that skyrocket you towards doing that and if you like what you heard tonight we go more into death and I explain it and we do more stuff and I'm committed to the work I love working with Tyler he's got。

working with Max has's got me working with Julian and other instructors and other members of RSD and it's a great relationship I love being a part of this and you know Tyler being the great guy and the great teacher that he is wanted me you know really you bugging me for a while to share this and I finally said okay and a little by little here I'm coming into the system here and love the questions love the people so I'm happy to be a service so if they want to sign up Mile what do they do there he got a great button。

we got hot at home com slash Glen with two ends hot seated home dot com forward slash Glen with two ends。

 G N N。N to end。And we got a question from Park here is what's the time of the classes so what's the schedule like。

It's every Tuesday for six weeks and we're going to schedule that I think we're going to do that at seven o'clock so it's going to be run from seven to about830 give or cake。

 you know if we go over we go over because we're having fun you know and the thing for me is about giving value to you guys。

And we'll have Q and A and you guys take notes and and these are literally say if you're serious about changing your life okay。

 if you're not， you know if you're just kind of little that's kind of nice don't do it you know go out and do what you're doing because one day you'll come back to those the guys who go you know what this guy's ringing my bell I've been there I understand when he's talked about I want to change my life I want to move it forward then this is the class for you because we're gonna to take wherever you're at and we're gonna move you dramatically forward and the testimonies from the last class are off the chart。

We got to write those down or publish them， I mean that the guys who tip that class are just are begging me for the next level class。

 which were getting underway to do a level two class for the graduates of level one so good things happen and change happens and it happens fast when you do the work and I'm happy to be a service and show you how show you how and what this looks like and and take you in a secret world。

 the energy awareness。Well， all right， sos let's do do you have another exercise them I do I want I want to close out on that and finish out。

 So are there any last minute questions after do that。

 everybody's going to be mellow and those of you on the East Coast going want to crash。

 So let's do a couple couple more questions really quickly dive into that last exercise great So you wondering what if you teach。

The most its kind of kind of interesting withoutm getting into any。

Everything that you everything that I've taught you tonight。

 there's every aspect that I've giving you a lot of content。The this content is so deep。

And and Tyler recognizes the depth of it and he's committed to energetic and emotional freedom。

 you know， he wants to be able to be in that high vibrational place and he's he's you know。

 he's a great role model when he wants to do something he's committed to it he's one of my best students and he's a dear friend。

So essentially it's what you're learning， but for yourself about energetic awareness。

 about how the energies affect you， about how ignorance isn't blissgno ignorance is like stepping on a minefield and the cool thing about Tyler is what he does。

Or Owen， whatever you call him， is he recognize his opportunity and he takes advantage of it and doesnt just like what he does a game。

 sees the target， takes immediate action。And knows his outcome he's doing the same thing here with the energy work。

 he knows his outcome he wants energetic freedom， emotional freedom and wants to let go of baggage and that's an important point too you guys because here's a guy who's a world class。

 you know in game world class can study with anybody who wants to study with you know great names Tony Robbins E Cartoli。

 Brian Tracy etc。And he's found in energetic awareness training。

Technology that he was never able to find anywhere else， which is a testament to the work。

And as a result of that made the commitment to not only receive the benefits for himself。

But wants to share this with you guys。And that's the mark of a real high vibration energy individual。

 you know as we think of， well， give me an example of the high vibration energy personnel。

 Nelson Mandela or Mother Teresa or Martin Luther King or the pope or you know whoever your figure is。

What they all have in common， even though all their struggles were different。

Was they were all about lifting people up and while they were going through their own struggle。

They made sure that they were able to bring people along to help them overcome that struggle as well。

 And that's the cool part of that。 So， so answer your question。

 the same thing that you're experiencing。Is what O one experiences and he's just taking the ball and run with it。

Okay， let's do one more。 it just a quick one。 Can you touch on that if some of the people are watching want to。

 I'm actually like wanting an intern for you。Do you take any insurance， you know。

 is there any opportunity for people or today just contact support？What'sInteresting。

 you know you'd have to write to me on that because I have to think about what that looks like I am I'm definitely expanding operations here so you can write to me and let me know what your situation is and what your skills are and then I can think about it and and see how that works out as things continue to unfold so they can either write me at the company or they can write me at my email address whatever you want to do you I don't have that set up it。

Actually， what can you just for now， for now， you can， you can just write me an energy Titan。

 That's my email address， energy Titan at Gmail dot com and I get。

Every time I do something like this， I get tons of emails。

 so give me a little time to get back to you on this。

 and I promise at some point I will thanks for doing that Glen one quick question for the Tuesday session。

Yeah， so someone wants to sign up wants to sign up。

 but he's wondering if he can't do it at that time on Tuesday team missing out because those such sessions are interactive or not at all we。

we take the sessions and the Q&A and we send them to you after every class。

 so you won't be missing out and anything， just review them。

 review the classes that you miss and then feel free to know on the next question。

 send me in any questions that you want to know I happily review all questions。And。You know。

 I'm about giving you guys， you know， my mission here is to take you guys as many people the energetic awareness and freedom as possible so。

That's the whole mission of what we're doing here so we're an RSD bends over backwards to make you guys happy。

 you know they are like all about customer service and making sure that you're happy so so。

That answers that question。 cool， let's do two more。

 And then we'll we'll get into your last exercise。 Great。

 So we've got a JC Penn here asks how does energy awareness relate to nutrition， things coming in。

Well， there's the whole gamut of being healthy。And and this is this is the new missing link。

 you know， when people think about being healthy， what do they automatically think of proper diet。

 you know， no mystery there， you know what foods are good for you。

 you know what what high vibrationb energy foods are and what low vibration energy foods are。

 you know the exercise is important， but here's the missing link。So many people think that that's it。

 but your stress levels that are either daily or operational or historical are having a major effect on your reviewed system and your body and we'll take a class law going to exactly as that work。

 isn' it amazing that we see so so often people who are health fanatics， you know。

 pass away at a relatively young age， and you think wow， they ate well， they exercise， you know。

 I forbid， you know， and they pass why？A lot of it not only but a lot of it has to do with the stress that people are holding down what they're dealing with and this and energetic awareness is now is the new paradigm of hell for the 21st century so you guys are learning it and you're right on the cutting edge。

Okay， one more then we'll do it All right， so we've got。If we can do two more， actually。

 the last one will be very very quick。 All right， this one's kind of interesting。's from my in。

 which is any of having to intwine high vibration energy and sexual energy。

 usually sex with viewed as a low vibration energy。Is there any tips。

 how to we bring that into a positive higher。 Absutely， And that's a， that's a whole class。

 But remember， there's sex energy。 It's either low vibration energy。

 which creates more low vibration energy or it's high vibration energy。 So in a nutshell。

 sex either hurts you。Or it helps heal you。D's it in a nutshell so when you're when you're gonna do the D。

 what's your consciousness is it to get over on someone is is it to get what you want， you know。

 is it know to play gather or use someone what kind of energy is that or is the energy to uplift to contribute to bring happiness and joy and pleasure and and lead the situation better than you found it that's a high vibrational energy so one of the key things that we talk we do a lot of talking about sex energy guys because it's so important and your degree of development will come on exactly where you frame and how you deal with that sex energy and and if you're finding yourself too often in the low vibration energy column you need to make the shift because to stay there will eventually bring more low vibration energy。

Awesome， alright， so one last question we'll wrap up and then you can get div what is the best book that you would recommend。

On awareness。She。I think right now， until I get my book written。

I think the best book that I would recommend is a book called the Untethered So。

The untethered soul by Michael Singer。Unteed soul。By Michael Sing。谁。

Co is that the last one I'll take there was one question about chakras if you wanted to talk about you know chakras and how affect your energy that's a bit of a deep topic so actually a little bit too deep for the last question of the night。

 but I'll be happy to answer if you get involved in the class I'll be happy to go over that because there are energy centers that we use in the work that you can use if you're aware of it。

Yeah， so that's it for Q& A on the biggest ones。啊。Want to dive into the exercise。 Yeah， so。

 so you guys， you got a lot of information。Okay， and and for those of you on the east Coast getting ready to go to bed。

 just go ahead and close your eyes， just put all your stuff down。

And let's let's just do a centering exercise here。So go ahead and close your eyes。Sit up。

 relax your shoulders。Put your hands on your lap or on your legs。Now。

 I just want you to take a moment。And internally， just look around your energy right now。

Just notice how it feels to be in your body。We just came from doing some great exercises。

 So most of you are feeling pretty good。 But you may notice now there's a there's a lot of thoughts going round and round。

About what we talked about tonight， so many questions about love， life， energy， how things work。

A lot of mystery there。 Okay， that's okay for now。 But what we're looking for is peace。

 and that's what where we want to leave the evening。

We want to leave the evening in high vibration energy peace。In this piece。

That we're going to be in just a few moments。It's a connection。The high vibrational energy。

So in this place of silent presence that we're going to be in in just a moment。The the ego mind。

 the low vibration doesn't like that because we're moving into a high vibration energy place。

 So it tries to machine gun thoughts to us to try to distract us。

But we're going to take charge of our energy right now， and we're going to choose。

The way we want to feel right now， which is happy， joyous and free。So， let's just make a decision。

 everybody。Say out loud， I'm making a decision to take back my energy。

I'm making a decision to take back my energy now。And say that， snap that fingers。

 those are directions you're giving yourself。Okay， with your eyes closed。

 just be aware of the thought process in your head。

And I want you to imagine that you could actually lower that consciousness， that yak yak。

 that talking， that ego mind， using the formula called five focus intention， visualization。

So I want you to imagine that your consciousness is in an elevator。And that your consciousness。

 your thinking process is moving down your body， leaving your head。

 that consciousness that yank ya move leaving your head。Down the elevator， moving down your chest。

 down your abs all the way down to the bottom part of your spine。Which I call your center point。

So I want you to shift your consciousness from your head down to the bottom part of your spine so the elevator is at the bottom floor lock it in right now。

And I want you to move from this place。 This is your new base camp。

 Those of you who know martial arts。 This is your place of power。

This gets us out of your head and into your body。So I want you to breathe from this place。

 I want you to think from this place， I want you to operate from this place。

So just take a moment and be aware of the shift of moving your consciousness from your head down to the bottom part of your spine。

 your first chakra， or people call it the Danen。But it's bottom part of your spine fully in your body now。

 great， now I want you to feel the floor underneath your feet。I want you to feel your legs。

 put your hands on your legs， I want you to feel your butt in the chair and I want you to squeeze your butthe three times。

 Here we go， squeeze them1，2，3。 you're fully occupied in the lower half of your body。Now。

 just being here puts you in high vibrational energy。

And we're going to take some really nice breaths now。And just start moving the energy。

From this place， from being at our center point， moving the energy from this point。Here we go。

So breathing from the bottom part of your spine， imagining that your nose is there。

And let's breathe in in the nose。Hold it， and then exhale through the mouth。 I'll lead you。

 Just relax and let go。 Here we go。Imagine that your nose is down at your center point and breathe。

 inhale。It breath threw up the lungs with air。好。Exhaes。All the air out。Pause is pause for a moment。

 Bre normally。Just move into the pause for a minute。Next breath， tune into your center point。

 Imagine that your nose is there and breathe inhale1。2，3。4，5。6， big breath for the count of 3，1，2。

3 exhales。GetAll that breath out。All the air out good。 pause， Bre normally。Just be still， be aware。

Touch the silence for a moment。take our next breath again， tune into your center point。

 on a part of your spine， imagine that your nose is there。

 feel on the floor and underneath your feet， let's breathe inhale， big breath andhale。Readathe low。

 fill up the lungs are there， hold it for the count of three。 And then we're going to exhale 1，2，3。

 exhaes。Relax， let go， release all the air out。Were you normally。Now， pause。 Now let's go。

Even more into the silence。You still be aware。Find the gap between the thoughts。

Let's just hang out that silent present。Excellent， okay， one more。 tune into your center point。

 Imagine that your nose is there。 Let's take one more deep breath and begin inhale through the nose。

B breath， till up the lungs are there。Hold it for the camera 3，1，2，3， exhaes。Let go release。Good。

 now read normally。And moving to the pause now。The gap between the thoughts。The still presence。

 Just let go。And experience what this is like， just to hang out。In silence。

This is the gateway to high vibrational energy。Let go。In a while。Excellent， al right。

 we're going to get ready to come back now， having connected to high vibrational energy。

 fully in our bodies now。Feeling good， readyy to end this session with a lot of great information and new tools and skills to move into high vibratatory awareness。

 we're gonna to come back on the count of five one feel the floor underneath your feet。

 coming back in your body now，2， feel a chair underneath your seat coming back in the body now，3。

 feel a chair against your back4 on the next count， we're gonna come back awakeake alert。

 feeling great mellow in bliss and ready either to carry on with your night。

 we're have an incredible night's sleep coming back in high vibrational energy。

 awake and alert eyes open number5。I don't need to ask you how to feel because I already know being that way myself so I want to thank you for being on the webinar was a pleasure for me to interact with you guys and teach you energetic awareness skills I hope you took notes and act upon the information and the exercises that I've given you it works and it'll change your life and we have a blast teaching it and experiencing it those of you who want to move forward and keep moving up in a high vibrationrational awareness please go to the link and sign up for the class and I'll be back at you next Tuesday with a great class and we'll take this energy even forward and higher into new possibilities of achievement I'd like to thank Miil for being a great wingman here and I'll see you guys。

On the next journey。Next webinar。Thank you。 and good night。好。冲。

