# 10、泰勒 《热座》：04.成为大师：06.旧金山狂暴【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，🎼，Are you Latina？I can't tell great。You have， I believe it。

Have you guys ever kissed each other before？Can I kiss you？Can I kiss you。Both at the same time。

That was nice， that was fun， my first reason。🎼Yesス。

I like how you just giggled right I feel like I'm re， I feel like I'm a real Drake right now。

 I'm the real Drake。I am the real drinkake。Why， one that because I have to go。Then I must go kiss。

 I had to go， kiss。Dake， get drink。I'm Tray。That's me basically just warming up。 So， you know。

 sub warm up， is like going for it fast or subs。 When you see that， by the way。

 you see how easy it is。It's actually very easy because it's done casually。

Women are just as sexual as men， but we judge them and are very uncaual about it， so we blow it。

 right， we fuck it up。 It's not that girls fuck up' us。😡。

Yeah how are you so nice to meet to meet you him， him，へ？now you want to keep doing it。我饭。W呜呜呜。

That was so amazing I believe in the hub。我睇路。From Vegas you from Vegas， wow， I know right。

 because they're soft mine yours。What are you learning about how casual making out or fooling around is for women？

It's like what did bad。Great quote。 Who is it that makes it weird， Who makes sex weird。

 Who makes threesomeims and orgies weird， men， men， men， the weird。

 creepy sex who thinks that sex is a big deal and then acts like it's a big deal and then freaks the girls out and makes them have to pretend like it's a big deal not to piss you off So you've got to come from that frame that the girls's already open。

 She's already sexual。 She's already free。 She wants to have fun。 Just come from that general frame。

 You'll be much better it。 It'll be much happier patri。😀Reestablish the patriarchy。

That's friend Ki CJ。 an accent。 Yeah， I'm ava lady really wow， okay， You're an El Salvaddoran lady。

 like that youre really。 to do that okay。 I'm much that looks fucking awesome。 it does look。

 he's my boyfriend。 to meet you。 shes El Salvador。 He was awesome。 You know。

 I'm in control of the frame here。 And I was very entertained。

 So it was awesome that you entertained me with that kiss。 but now I gotta go。😊。

Let's see how that works out for So having a we were trying to figure out where the way。Mom。

 what guys plan， where do we go， oh， we are going to go to Briton。It't she wants to go to here there。

We were just in there over and forever。Is that your boyfriend？

No I want to say like this like we go to my ride Ivy， but you were good though， you voted it all。

 you are good。What are you guys doing？We're going down that way， do you want to come with us？啊。Why。

 this this guy are left， so let's go。啊哈哈我我想你再给 me。😊，う。你怎么回？

Are you guys Oh my thought I love your jacket That's so bad up。 that's so cool。

 are you a drummer Where are you in a band。Oh。Did they give that tube for being on the。

like I like how going with it too I appreciate that No I really like that though guys you。啊6。Stop。

 I'm on the phone we have to go kiss her， kiss her。嗯。Get my lips。嗯ん。OhI like that。子。

you smell really good for something I went outside for the right time。tallall white guy。

 good looking， funny looking little dude here， but he has more energy。

 so they go on him and he two more taller better looking suit who we're going to help we're going to get him to win very soon。

Youre the， youre the pimpimp， How are you doing， how you your Good to meet you， good， good。

 good good。It's good， Kim， I'm drunk as fuck right now， by the way， I don' know。Sorry。

 look like my friend Siam， Siam is a fucking pimp。You're a fucking pm。That's all I'm gonna say。

 He's a ba。 So what I'm doing here is I'm making the point。 I've got a student who's really tall。

 good look。 Is he here right now。Okay， he's not here。 So he's amazing， but。

This other little short Indian dude is just rocking these girls world。

 He's got them hanging on his every word。 Why cause he's being fucking engaging。

 whereas our dude isn't being engaging at all。 So what I had to do is I had to go and give him a big hug and call him a p and then ship them off to the side to get my student back in on it。

😡，Funing how that works， right， So it doesn't really matter that my tall， attractive white student。

Is gaming in competition with a short， funny looking Indian student。 The Indian is crushing him。

 destroying him。 The only way that I can fix it is by coming in being like piimp， pimp。

 pull him to the side and distract him， which I did so many times that night eventually， he's like。

 what the fuck and he's freaking out。😡，Yeah， I took like many girls from him。The strongest survive。

 okay， what's up？Com to meet him， he's cool， give him hug， you got him's not a。

 this is San friends cool， its cool herey。Ja，You。you。

 So I had to extract the other dude off him to give my guy a chance。 But， I mean。

 a lot of guys think that just because some guy is not a minority or tall or good looking。

 It looks like in the fucking twilight movie that you automatically get girls。

 But I've had to like literally like this other dude was like tough competition。 Little Indian dude。

 I've got get him off just give my dude a chance。😡。

This is my friend from Kentucky or from Mississippi。 Mississippi。

 this is the biggest city he's ever been to his life。

 but then I see okay My friends from Mississippi。 Look He's from this the biggest time。

 The biggest citys been his life。 say hi to him。 say him。 He's never somebody。 I had a friend。

 he got fixated on that girl。 That's a newbie mistake where you get fixated on a specific girl and you're unaware of your surroundings。

 So you want to have a very strong peripheral where those girls are all saying hi to him and he's just getting all stuck on this girl and going nowhere with this girl。

 But he's he's newer。 So when you're new。 there's just too much happening。 It can get overwhelming。

 And this is why we tell you he got to go out because if you don't go out。

 shit goes over your fucking make mistake after after after mistake and it's gonna take like a fucking months even going out for him to even fucking get to the point where he can even respond to that kind of shit。

 So we beg you and plead with you to。Go out of your home and to talk to women so the shit doesn't go over your fucking head again and again。

 And you're not sitting there little don't be like on this girl other girls wave at you and you don't know what's happening And this shit's happening to you so much。

 You have no idea。 And we as guys who've gone out a long time see it happening。

 And we beg you to go out， please， please。😡，Yeah。Yeah so。So is it。

 is it you saying only looking peripherals because then sometimes when I'm talking to other girls。

 I look， and then they're kind of like， you're not really paying attention。Honestly， what it is。

 dude is like。When you're new， there's just too much going on and when you go out a lot。

The whole game just slows down beautifully。 And it all just makes sense。 And you know。

 exactly what to do and is awesome。 dude。 is so cool。 know's so cool。

 It's like me up in of a crowded a free tour this point， it's the same thing。

 you've just done it so many times that you know what to do。

 So right and and you can still keep improving every free tour I do I want to be better And I make mistakes。

 overall， you're doing enough right。 And and the amount of things you're doing wrong versus right。

 the ratio shifts in your favor dramatically。 So， yeah， and and when guys are new。

 I love teaching them because there is so much going over their。 there's so much to show them。

 So that's what's exciting about him being new。 when guys are advanced。

 I love that too because there's so many subtleties。 So there's always something to learn。

 And and I'm still learning myself。 I build R other guys learn from Okay。

 let's keep watching My high school goes from our。😊，Whats Iる。Yeah。I don。ちこれ。I'm。皆さんてのですね。

Look at the doubles I like your scarf I wore a scarf tonight as well What city are you guys from Switzerland？

Russia really in Sal Salo do like it nice Go it Go it。

 are you guys coming the east East West right now？designer thank you and I will have show my own show here when in January really yes。

 anyway yes， yes I had show in the and March。😊，Yeah。

 what are you guys noticing about how much action is taking place in a given night？It's loaded。

 loaded。 And you're seeing a small fraction of it in this。 honestly。 Like。

 I just had him grab a couple clips out of it and just throw them together。

 So like the amount of action on a given night is so crazy that it's just the learning is sped up。

 Learn faster。 Most guys just aren't learning fast enough。 You've gotta be an interaction。

 interaction， interaction interaction， pull， pull， pull number number， number。

 And then it all starts to make sense。 So that's why Id like to show you this kind of pacing to where you're seeing just a lot of stuff happening。

 And。😊，Being it's one thing watching on a video， which is really cool。

 but being out there is just a fucking zoo every night。

 So I encourage guys to just really like put it out there and what you put into it is what you get out of it ultimately like really。

 it's what you put into it is what you get out of it if you put in your best and you go for it。

 you get value， value， value， value。This is weird， but for me。

 I have never seen something in 15 years of adult life that gave me more value than what you're seeing here。

 I've never seen it because what it did for me was it got me to the point where。Oh。I mean。

 I don't know where to begin。 It gave me the confidence after my dreams。

 It showed me about social conditioning and how things weren't what I thought they were。

 It got me laid， which is great in your 20s and 30s。 That's wonderful。 It got me social experience。

 It taught me about social frames。 It taught me how to go into any environment and to be the proactive force in that environment So that I carry myself in any environment。

 feeling at least as cool as everybody， if not the coolest guy there。

 It makes me feel the world is my family。 It made the world fun， beautiful。 I mean， I love it。

 you know， and I truly believe this is one of the most misunderstood art forms and hobbies that anybody could have。

 where guys talk about it like， oh， you're 37， you're still out of the club。 out of the club。

 And I mean， just just literally taking something so beautiful and fun and diminishing it down to almost nothing like reducing it out of the club。

 Like I'm some fucking retardt on Coke。 just like grinding it out of the fucking table。

 like passing out in puking or something out of the。

 Like come on right And the thing is like you'll just see that your understanding of yourself。

 Women and men in general increases。😊，Now， watch even something simple like this where we're just having so many unexpected adventures。

 like anything that happen。 Just watch this。 That's a shiny， shiny personsimus。Miss that person。

Are you？Good to meet you I here with the dude right， and I'm thinking， okay。

 there's no way I could kiss that girl。Because they look together， but as I go in。

 you can't quite see in the shot here， but she triangular gazeazs me。

 looks down to my lips and like slightly headcocked to like kiss me and then I miss the window Do you guys know what it means to miss the window？

So girls will very， very rapidly like be open and then not open。 And when they're not， they're not。

 you ever have a girl who's like， you know， she's been hitting you up and she wants to hang out。

 and then like you can't hang out for like a day。 And then all of a sudden。

 she just loses all interest。 That's because the window open and then the window closed。

 So in this case， I thought I saw a window for a kiss open。 I thought that was my opinion。

 So then I was like， do you want to kiss。 And she's like， no， but that's the dude's there。

 So watch should I fall up from there。 What's your namet。 What's up。I would love to kiss you。

 but you know， can you kiss her？Oh， come on name。You're a tiger You deserve to run free like a tiger should This is really great framing because what she's doing is calling her a tiger So what frame is that in selling on She doesn't even know she's doing it。

 by the way， she's just going crazy Why do you think that's great framing？

It makes her more apt to go kiss her。 That's right。 It's like it's， it's。

 it's putting an image and identity of empowerment on it。 Okay。

 so any time that you're having casual sex with girl， you wanted to feel really fucking powerful。

 And that is。😡，I mean， there's different ways of looking at it。 I mean。

 maybe you you'd even want her to feel submissive if that was the right energy。

 but you want her to feel empowered in that act， not judge in that act。

 So you see how this impacts her watch we did that。You made great few facial expressions。

You have a good got a good girl you make a bad girl manner that's more framing there。

 good girl faced with bad girl mannerism that installs the frame of like you're like I know you're a good girl but there's a little bad girl coming out there because it helps them to access that You're a glorious kiss tiger many times We did It's fun。

You make very cute facial expressions。 You have a good girl face。

 you You have a good girl face but you make a bad girl manner Okay。

 now this is called a baby stepping。 So it's like， we gotta go， we gotta go just a quick one。

 a quick one。 Gotta go， Gota go quick one， quick one， right， Itd be like as if we're McDonald's。

 I'm like just try a tiny bite of a fry。 Just a little bite of。 just have one fry。

 Look just two more you already got a fry。 Just two more fries。 Try the two fries。

 Then just like put the big Mac in your mouth and just like， let you feel the texture。

 And before you it's just like，😊，Because you're going shift， shift， shift， shift。

 many guys try to create like these huge swing shifts never going to happen。

 so babysstepping is a basic skill set and successful women， you've got to be very， very。

 very familiar with that I mean you could babysstep things that would blow your mind like you wouldn't even imagine。

哦。😊，Okay， babysping， oh yes， oh yes， oh yes， I mean， I mean， I be。

 I will give you the best example I ever heard of babysceppping， okay you ready？

This is gonna to ruin your night。 you take to leave it。 I ruin like five days for me。

 I was traumatized。 You want to hear it or know。 Okay， you asked for it。 Allright， so buddy of mine。

 he's from New Zealand。 And I， I don't know the exact extent of this。

 But he says that there's a guy who's like the New Zealand。 The New Zealand Dams err。 Now， of course。

 everything New Zealand's probably a little bit smaller than America。

 I don't know this guy's a little bit damser。 But he's sort of a dael'ser figure in New Zealand。😊。

You're saying no。Oh， you seem to say， okay， okay， so he already is like， I shouldn't have say that。

 So what happened was。My buddy started hanging out with this dude because he's got all these hot girls。

 this New Zealand Ds in， started hanging out and he helped get him laid a few times of really hot girls。

 hotter girls that he normally have access to。So a friend comes up to him， he's like， yo。

 you hang out that damns here and he's like， yeah， he's great。 He's like， no， no。

 that guy's trying fuck you， dude。 And he's like， what do you he's trying to fuck me。

 He's always got all these hot girls around。 he goes no， he's bisexual。 He wants to fuck you。

 And he's like， how would that ever happen。 Like I'm I'm not gonna fuck him dude， stick away from me。

 He's gonna to try to fuck you。 So he's like so he。 He doesn't keep hanging out quite as much。 so。😡。

His friend， though， does keep hanging out of them。You can see where this is going。

 so he helps my buddy's friend to get late。Now， I want you to imagine this。 Okay。

 So you live in New Zealand。 Not a lot of big things go on your life。

 And the New Zealand Danels there in。Helps you to meet this stunning girl。

 I want to picture slim girl。 tight， tummy， nice perky boos。 Nice asss smooth skin smells good。

 just like just think of the girl from a porn movie that you want to have sex is so bad you killex。

 And if you did you' be like in an altered state。 I mean， it would be fucking fabulous。

 It'd be amazing。 Like just imagine like wrapped around pulling your cock into a pussy just how good it would feel how much your DNA would be saying yes。

 yes， yes， just imagine it now what happens is know the New Zealand dams and like yo like tag team this girl and you're like you know why not it's all good fun。

 It'll be deal it's all just party mode。 So you know you're kind of tag team in this girl。

 like he's on one side。 you're on the other slide and you're feeling really good So then he says you know what he goes it's just for pleasure。

 Like literally just for pleasure。 But'm gonna like hold your cock here So when you come you come really hard it's just for pleasure。

 It's just for pleasure and you're already in this like super altered state And you can defend the guy and say no and now you。

😊，Stop fucking this girl。 but it's just a big joke。 I mean， the whole thing's a fucking joke。

 right like you know， tag team and a girl， the New Zealand ds's fucking joke anyway。

 right So that point's just a joke。 you know， he like grabs your balls a bit like well。

 you're fucking hot girl。 You're fucking this girl' just grab just okay yout stop that puts his finger in your ass little bit it's just for pleasure。

 just for pleasure。 It's not gay。 It's just for pleasure fucking girl。

're like don't know if I should do he's already touch your ball I mean this points not that you know's behind you tag。

And he's like， it's just for pleasure。And the crazy man this is what he said， are you ready。

 are you ready for this， he says I was like what I'm like， dude this guys already bisexual。

 he goes Owen， it'd be very easy to wipe this all away by saying he was already bisexual。

But what's harder is admitting。He may have converted him into being mysexual。

 and I heard that I went。Oh。Oh。Yeah。And I just looked like this for like a week， I was just like， no。

 no， why！Why no no。No， so that is a great babystping。 babysping about the New Zealand das here。

 It's just for pleasure。 It doesn't count， right。😊，So that's babyceping。

 So what we're doing here is the same thing。 It's a babyceping。 Okay。

 and it's where it's like it's just a kiss。 You're a tiger framing babyceping two great outer game techniques。

 Remember how I talk about inner game and outer game and there's like two camps right So you've got your inner game guys that are like would you just find your spirit。

You're your best self。 It just comes to you naturally。

 You'll naturally do the right things when you' present。 Yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， right。

 And then you've got these outer game guys that are like， what the fuck is this inner game shit。

 Yeah baby step。 Yeah fraing you fuck and then look at that New Zealand damn earring guy。

 You think he has good inner game。 F no， F no， and I'm gonna be like him。😡，Yeah。Okay， so it's it。

 we'll get some water up here too。 It's some， oh I got no water water。 Thank you。

 So it's both a combination of inner game and outer game， right， Like， I'm coming in here。

 and I'm having fun。 I'm self amused。 I'm taking that beautiful， collaborative frame。

 Everybody's my friend， selfesteem。 all that great stuff。😊，Coming from the right place inside。

 But I also get it that just because I'm in a good mood。

 It doesn't mean that I'm gonna do the things that framing and babysittting are going do。

 So it's a combination。 And you bring that presence into the behaviors。 And that's where it fuses。

 And that's what makes it work。 So let's just keep watching babysitting and framing I have weird facial expression。

 face。 We're just gonna leave。 It's just a time for。Good thank you， Tiger。

 have you ever kissed a rugby bar？Of course yeah El yeah so you looked a bit nervous about it nervous about it I wasn't show you're like going being idiots we're from LA on vacation We just saw a Tiger and we went to one leisure We're preparing you had to go back to work so we're getting our system。

We just want to have one wild night with the tigri。嗯。One。ああ。Chiger， trigger， trigger。

 including one wild night。 Now， again， classic male thinking。

 the girl wants to be in a deep committed relationship before having sex。 But meanwhile。

 by just framing it that it's just one night and then it's over actually that reduces downside because relationships while being an upside also for many girls can be a downside because she's like。

 well I wouldn't want fucking this But I'm not trying be a fucking girlfriend。 So， then funny enough。

 if you have sex with her， now you have a chance to and connect and stuff again。

 you can reduce downside saying that you're leaving town on one level， the girl's like。

 we're not gonna get married on another level the girl's like well。

 we don't fucking get married So it's a little bit of both from their perspective。😡，Yeah。

Here I did the most like easilyas move。 I think I've done a long time。 Okay。

 always when girls are making out， there's always that other guy that tries to get in on it。

 And I don't normally like to be that guy。 But I just had a feeling that because earlier。

 I I was so close。 So I just started kissing the corner of her mouth of my girl's mouth I was like。😊。

Like that and I'm looking as I'm doing， I'm kind of like looking at this dude。

 like what's it gonna do and then she starts like going on to me like like I want some。

 I want some and she starts going on me and I watch it Adam。Yeah。Can we involve？I was enjoying was。

Its like three years ago I met on syndrome you guys been on years ago you guys are a very cute couple。

 hug hug her now， hug her now， take her， kiss her， kiss， kiss her， kiss her。We held relationship。

We help relationships。We help relationships。Yeah。He helped them so what's happening here look at the victory here。

 the victory bo。What happened there is that a lot of guys are so passive。

 they just let stuff happen and。I was quite stunned to find out there were a couple because initially I thought they were then I thought they weren't now I find out they are。

 And in my experience， girls just do that， you know， it's just， it's like， I don't know。

 my honest theory。 My theory is it like。Probably what they say in sex and dawn that everybody's just meant to be in a giant orgy is probably true and therefore it's like if you just kind of are very free about it。

 they just go for it。 that's been my experience I'm not saying that that's what I'm trying to get out of my life I actually think monogamy is amazing I think monogamy is very underestimated in the pickup community I think that we as a knee jerk reaction we try monogamy we got fucked up from it and we're afraid to do it again but I think there's great power in teaming up so to me it's just like you know whatever direction you want to go is whatever direction you want to go It also if you're kind of in the face your life you just want to go crazy go crazy but what I'm saying here is like women in general。

The frame that I take when I go out is both the town hall or town Square frame where everybody's friends with each other and then I also take the frame of like just the big giant orgy frame and you guys can see that's the basic frame I'm taking now it's just like everyone's just gonna go out and go wild no judgment。

 pure fun and that's a very powerful frame of girls you'll get a very different reaction from a girl when you're in that town square everyone's friends everyone's all having a big orgy。

 you get a totally different response doing that then you do when you take it seriously the problem is when you get nervous around girls and approach anxiety does that frame it like you're like that cool fun guy they can hook up with a me fun with No you're completely revealing yourself that you're not one of those guys they can have fun with and they'll completely like push that fun away okay they'll have a completely different answer for one guy and another guy。

Two different parts of their brain are being accessed。 It's either the tigris or the like， oh no no。

 I wouldt never do that。 You can get the same girl being like， you know what， I just value my body。

 And I'm not just gonna let any guy touch it。 That's disgusting。

 I know some girls that not do that not me。 And then that same girl。

 You get her in a different conversation。 She's like I'm the tigris。

 I' fucking fuck all of you I don't shit。 And it's and you've got to ask yourself。

 what part of the brain you're access it look。 We can all look down on this。

 judge this and be pissed about it。 You're no different。 dude， You're no fucking different。

 as a man say you're living in San Francisco。 You go to buy a table。 You're like， oh wait。

 the tables 100。 I've got to pick the perfect table spend months picking it。 Then you go to Vegas。

 it's your boys fucking bachelor party。 You're like table shit costs two G。

 you're all pitching in on it。 You don't even get to take the table home。

 You don't even get to keep it。😡，The table that you get to keep， is cheaper。

 you dwell upon for months， the one at the fucking bachelor party you throw down on it， why。

 because one is an investment and for this， the other is an experience。😡，Catch that。

Fucking catch that。 fucking， fucking catch that。One is an investment， the other is an experience。

 If you frame yourself as an experience， the girls would do anything。

 If you frame yourself as an investment they're like， whoa， whoa， whoa。

 whoa whoa and you get completely different responses。One to the other。

You yourself have things that you're very slow to spend money on。 very reluctant。 And you're like。

 I don't just blow my money Other times。 What do you do guys。You blow your fucking money。

Hot seat exactly right， I did my job come to hot seat， you're the tiger， you're the tiger。

 come to hot seat， you're the tiger at home， you're the tiger， Yeah。

 you ever bought something before， you're the tiger， just come for a minute， just come to free tour。

Just going to rejour。It's just free， it's just for fun， just come to the free tour。

 just come to a free tour， it's just for pleasure。And then even out the fridge throw。

 what I do to all you guys， remember？What do you remember for what I did tell you？Doess he？

I'm congruent。哎呀。I'm just using her。I love all of you。Let's get back to it。You're all the tiger。

 and now let's get back to them。Have an awesome night guys you are。ああ。

Li very carefully always go back， I'm gonna to say something I'm pulling into the room here。

 Always go back when you're considering group think to the atrocity of the Holocaust。

 Keep going back， You think that's weird。You think that's hard to believe that a dude let us chi do that？

Go back to the Holocaust。Global genocide。Research genocides。

 go actually research what humans do to each other。 It's so crazy。 what we do。 It's so fucking crazy。

 Look， you guys probably see crazy shit just happen when the Gis win the fucking series。

 burden shit in the street people， they just they just get lead because at the end of the day as much as you want to be conscious and you want to be awake and you want to grow。

 There's this other part of you that just kind of wants to feel good and take a break。

 I don't have to think so much。 you ever feel that way。

 You ever feel like you just want to take a break。 You ever wish someone would just tell you how the damn world works and it would just make sense。

 And You can just chill and not just all this shit right， Like running game have them go out。😡。

Forre how to eat healthy or like work， you know， work on your career or business and like。

Re frame things and if fucking get your inner game right and it's just so tired。

 you ever feel like God。You just have a nice， warm hole just sing on your cock。

Why you just eat a nice meal at the same time。This nice taste while you just slide it in。

And someone just tells you， you know what the world is， how it works， it just works like this man。

It just works and it makes sense， the shit just adds up， you know？ItJust resonates some time， right。

 and things are kind of simple， right？Things are complicated。Fuckle that， man。 Fle that。

 And complicated。 if it's not， if it's not straightforward enough to be explained the simple way。

 it's probably not true。True love， conquercors。 eatat the bird。 eat the bird， sliding all。

It's all good。 You're feeling you're just tired man， It's just confusing。 It's just just confusing。

Oh。嗯。嗯。Rest。Pest。嗯。R。H。Oh。红红。哦。Thisn't everybody wants dude and you know why。

 because there's no answer to life， but everybody is just like like we all want to be told what the answer to life is。

 a buddy money made a joke， he's like， you know what we should do。

 we should just pick one day a year where we all get together and cried hug and we're like。

 we don't know what for。What are we doing here， we're on a pole in the galaxy and the fireballs heating us？

What are we doing here， I don't know。 I don't know。 No one knows。 What do we do。I don't know。

Right there's no real answer so because life is so complex requires such an exertion of energy。

 so many different distinctions taking action， all the shit to live like oh great life。

 sometimes you're just tired and for that reason a lot of do is just get puned and they're just like what can I you do？

So you， like and that's why people get let around and do these crazy atrocities and stuff， I mean。

 it's a complex issue， very complex。It's some。A lot of the time when people get in a group mob and they do terrible things later。

 you ask them about it。 And they're like， I don't know why I did it。 I don't know， right。

 You ever heard of that thing。 they did。 was at Harvard like they did this like fake torture thing and like jail。

 Which one was that again， Stanford， what is it called。

 The Stanford prison experiment where they're like， you're torturing them。 And they're just like。

 you're tortureruring them more。 And then people like please literally。

 I think like didn't most of the people just keep torturing them。 And then after you're like。

 why did you do that they' like，t know。Oh don't no what's thatbar it's called the Zenbardo。

 the Zenbardo the Luciffer effect， great， that'll be our next product。

But it's crazy how that works and a lot of people are just kind of in a sheepish mode and they're plugging group think I。

You know， that's why when I came in here earlier。 I was like you when you didn't move very like all that stuff because it's like we all are just kind of tired right。

 You're just kind sitting here。 It's a long day。 You got Luc Ol， you got me here， you know。

 and it's just like moving' like， I dont know we all feel it。 I feel it too。 dude。

 I just so wish that I could just be told what to do and like not have to think we all fucking deal with it Everybody。

😡，Everybody deals with that shit。 I like the scene here because I chase the girl down and she blows me off and you'll see how quickly I just jump in the next one。

 So watch how most guys get hung up on， oh， you know， I ran after girl。

 it didn't go well and then they get they get weak by whereas I just like shift right in the next one into into double make then triple make then pull watch What are you guys learning。

What are you learning from watching me do this early What that keep on going。 That's right。

 momentum That's right。 What are you learning know What's that what they said and what did it say。

 they said go， go go Okay， and and so what happens when you keep going。You don't lose momentum。

 you keep momentum。What's happening to me as I continue you keep going what happens is your criteria will expand as you go so I've never said to anybody just walk around the rest of your life giving a high five and running away but what you do is basically what you're doing is you're taking something simple like。

A small criteria that is congruent to how you feel， do that。

 accept whatever result happens and view it as 100 out of 10。

 who the fuck out the balls do that and find something funny about each one。🎼Feel proud of yourself。

 Now， as you're winning， you go into what's called the winner effect。

 The winner effect is that is that as you continue to win。

 you get more into the zone and expect more。 And as you expect more， you expand your criteria。

 So they've done a book on this called the winner effect。 Well， they say is even boxers， a boxer。

 if they put them against really difficult opponents right away and they lose and lose and lose。

 even if they fight intermediate opponent， they're expecting to lose。

 and they're psychologically tripped out。 But if they fight them against。

Easy opponents early and they just start be them down and then slowly build them up from there and they get used to winning and their brain actually opens up a new a new sort of a change in neurotransmitters in the brain where the person just becomes more in flow expects more and now they're playing to win not to not lose so usually when you're when you're starting you're playing to not lose but what I do is I play a win but the way that I play to win is I like oh high five so I'm just like okay high five there I win high five there I won high five there I won and I。

😡，Yeah。Come hug。It's really nice to meet you are you curious Over time you just expect to win you anticipate it。

 so initially you go in not anticipating a good response。

 but then over time you do and then stretch it out， got it so you you work with you work within it。

 but see now it's virtually impossible to not approach now I expect everything to go awesome now I have an anticipation of success。

Sos I'm more at ease with it， I've settled into it， you see that？I've settled into it。

You see that kid just like look at you like that？Yeah。我。好啦。

What happened What happened in there sorry sorry sorry， I don't。

You make very cute facial expressions arm arm it's okay， do you really？It's pretty jokepe。Sorry。

 good to meet you。Right，W？Kiss， I to go。喂，You're so nice it's good to meet you guys pleasure kiss kiss both of you but you guys like the speed of that approach you see how I go from chasing the girl goes Northern right in the next one I love that about game it's one of my favorite parts of game is just like。

It doesn't go yet。You're right in the next one and I love that because I watch guy after guy just not doing that and they just get so but hurt and they don't realize that success is right around the corner It's just the next set man keep going but most of them won't do it they just give up and they cry like bitches it's so crazy the amount of fucking crying in this community it's nuts。

The crying and the crying and the cry and the excuses and the victim calls is psycho。

 so you've got to just say no， no， I would not cry anymore。

I will damn it okay you do it like that Okay， so watch more Oh my fucking guys。Are you。I am Santa。

 kiss me， kiss me。 I not I have to go。my nice you know about it after party Not yet ask ask after party I could maybe find out。

Hello。Probably she back come me allll introduce Shell come now me now。

I always say that pullinging girls， it's like having this fire hose got and you've got a soccer ball and you're trying to like hose it back to your house and somebody that goes to the right and the left and then there's these other fucking idiots with their hoses trying to fuck up your shit and're like。

  oh come on know even like right up to the door you're like。こ说。You know， its。 I do。 I do。 You。

 You look like a young Santa。 I am a young Santa。要乐。系样都。あだ。你。W to do there。Kiss her， kiss her。

 kiss her， kiss her。the fuck all of us。😀Santa Claus and heres so crazy。

 I knew you listen very carefully right The same girl。 if you get her a different frame of mind。

 you'd be like， what are you looking for a man， she'd be like she' you know。

 she's like Italian right Like I am from Italy。 a very handsome nice man who treats me good and take me for a very niceir to show me cared and show me he's a nice guy。

 He's he's a good man you know， right and it's like get her another frame of mine like I want orgy with Santa Claus What didn come for Christmass for me He's a young Santa Claus for orgy Santa right and it's like literally two different parts of her brain。

 one part， nice guy， romance。 Oh I would never do is I am from Italy。

 No no for me like giant orgy with Santa Claus Give me my present。 Give me my present Santa Claus。😊。

And so you've got to ask yourself， what side are you listening。

 What side am I listening from her here。What am I listening from her， pot。

 party party Santa Santa Smith， Smith， Smith with Santa。 So it's just like。

 so you've got to be pulling that out。 And the thing is。

 I am not opposed to getting to know someone in a slow manner。

 But how many of you guys have tried that。 And it fuck it It fucking fucks you in the ass in ways you never imagine。

 I have tried that shit so many times。 Look， you want do I talk about this all time。 I'll you。

 I'll tell you the truth。 This is embarrassing Let tell you're not。😡。

Open the thread before I sit my water。 Okay， embarrassment， ready。

The biggest sticking point that I have is oftentimes if I get feelings for a girl before I've slept with her。

I get it's this terrible second point， I'm not proud of this， okay。

I have this thing in me where I'm like。I want to romance her。

Because if she liked me would I romance her？That would mean that she likes the real me。

Because the real me。Isn't the Santa Claus。The real me is Owen。A nice guy， you know？Sweet guy。

 you know what I mean， right？ kind of a sweet little guy， you know， right， nice little guy。

just want to take a girl for a little bite to eat， maybe chat， you know。

 maybe maybe we don't have sex for six months or we're engaged， you know right， so what？

We're building a connection together。We're finding commonalities。And connecting and you know。

Maybe she'd get to know。You real be。う。More than is a beard。I'm not sad me。

Give me a chance to get to know right。 And what happens is I try this shit and I'm get fucking like lambs to the slaughter。

 It gets crazy awkward。 First of all， the girls don't want to come out at all。

 when you even try that shit。 Second of all， even if they do。😡。

And then what winds up happening is like they sit there with you and basically because the problem is with a slow process。

They're basically deciding like what I marry this fucking guy。

 So unless you're at a level that they would practically marry you。

 you you wind up oftentimes not getting laid。 Now， by the way， I'm cool。

 actually with like dinners or stuff like that， it can work for sure。

 but there's different elements to it。😡，One is if you went for dinner actually as friends。

 and then just later you want up hook up Another is if you're doing it as an alpha male who's just truly doing what he wants to do。

 I'm getting mother fucking dinner。 let's go It's a bit of a different frame。

 But as soon as you get in that frame where you're kind of court I just in my experience because I don't say this having not tried it。

 I say this having tried that hundreds of times and seeing the result at being near zero。

 conversely I just go do this and it's awesome。 because's like。

 yeah or you know and then you just wake up the next day and you're like， let's go get breakfast。

 and you just start having fun， you keep it low key。 and you're likey， let's hang out tonight。

 oftentimes when I get a girlfriend， I like capture her in for a couple days like we have sex and then we just hang out a couple days straight。

 You just keep having sex， keep hanging out and hear a couple。

 It's wonderful So that to me is what I've seen work a lot of times and the other side I haven't seen work and this look clearly like showed game works。

 some shows get laid off it。 it does work。 I'm not saying it can't work。

Don't get hung up on the rules， the rules are made to be broken。

 don't get so paranoid being a provider that you can't just like treat or go nice or like you totally can。

 but I just want you to also realize that。When you remove the downside of sex。

 girls are very open to it， having fun experiences。 And when you make it a big deal。

 they make it a big deal。 And as a result， it's such a big deal。 It often winds up never happening。

 Okay， so I， I teach this。嗯。As a guy who does like monogamy， as a guy who does like relationships。

 as a guy who believes in people coming together， as a guy who wants to see you have beautiful children。

 I want to see you have a family。 I want to see you be a father and be a leader and have a wonderful partner if you choose to have that。

 If you don't want to， that's totally fine too。 and I'll show you how just get it lay in on the shit like we're doing here。

 but I want you because I believe in relationships is why I believe in Santa Claus。

It's not that sink yet okay because I believe in relationships is why I believe in getting laid because I believe in relationships is why I believe in game because game leads to relationships consistently so that' that's why teach anyone wants watch more as nonsense。

Last Friday was my birthday， Oh happy birthday， happy birthday， happy birthday birthday you。

they do you to me。い。And。Yeah， this is the best birthday that is not water Oh shit， what is it？

He sent a class when he was young。I'm so Sw。A you doing， it's not Christmas yet。

She said up free because And one thing I want you to familiar familiar ourselves with is the level of nonsense that it degenerates to when you're gaming like can you follow any of this？

It is so crazy and it happens all the time。Now she knows how to spew that better than any guy I've ever seen。

 I've watched her sometimes she will start talking nonsense on the level where I'm like holy fucking shit。

 What the fuck are they saying to each other and they'll start communicating And she'll be like' like she's just like this。

 And it's this massive state elevation。 It just destroy that。😡，And what it is is actually。

 in my opinion， here's my thought， because we live in such an oppressive society that so beats down women's sexuality。

 they associate silliness and getting out of conditions they a with sex。

You follow that because they' conditioned， don't have sex。

 So the only way that they can actually have sex is to get so silly。 They're just like like that。

 and they get so silly。 and they just go fuck。 And it what's funny about that。 though。

 here's the best part。 If you just recognize that one thing， Here's the best part。 followll this。😡。

You recognize that one thing， you basically can get laid more than a guy with a thousand times more going for than you do。

Think about that just because you recognize basic like have you ever seen it where like you walk up to grow。

 you pump her state and she's like like so into you and then her friend like us to like tackle her and like drag her off and she's like don't dog him no no and she's like like she's being pulled away she's like looking like being pulled in you guys ever had that。

Okay。As a man， would you ever have it or like a woman pumped your state。

 and your boy has to like jump in and grab you。 And you're like， no， Well why is that。

 It's because women know they're like that little shit pumped her state。 Now she's gonna fuck them。

 No。 And she has to drag them off。 So it's like， you actually know like these little loopholes to get girls like so one out of sex so fast。

 And that's why girls have to physically block it。 That's why cock blocking exists。😡，Yeah。

Imagine if your whole sexuality。It was so stifled that if anyone was just like， Santa Claus。

 Santa Claus， and you're like，Yeah。That'd be crazy， right？Imagine that， imagine that。

Thats living that reality。Yeah， I don't know if that's the full picture or not。

 but that's just what I see personally。 It's my opinion， just an opinion。 So yeah。

 let's just keep watching more Santa Claus。 Oh shit right but it was your birthday loss sweet celebrating your birthday and your birthday。

あ。I love these country。 and that's the big misunderstand thing about game is it's like， oh。

 the guys out to get the girls creepy。 then you go out and the girls like， I love these country。

 I'm having so much fun It so great。 Everything is wonderful。 I love you。 I love you right。

 It's like when guys go there good a game。 They're not upsetting the girls。

 The girls are loving They're having so much。 Do you want to know what does creep out girls， though。

 you know what does make them uncomfortable， creepy， needy fucking losers are good date。

 that shit actually makes them uncomfortable。 But yet if you ask most girls， not all。 but most。

 what would you rather do have a giant orgy with Santa Claus or a nice man to take you in a date。

 They' like I fucking I mean， I don't know the Santa Claus sound pretty cool。 but you see my point。

 Okay， so what they verbally savers they respond to is born out in the field。

 Just watch just watch it for yourself。Where are you from， Italy，Okay。Okay， we love you， okay。

 come with this over here， come come this way。Come to you， come。Come with us。Yeah。咁。

Yeah we're going to with down。はい。うまく。Oh I can't I can' I'm already taken。第。や没。我就 go混 no two嗯。😊。

He's like they， not my friend。给个呢。给我听第二个。너。你个点冇。Com on girls。That's how we were。not going， come on。

I'll sit on your first。干 on。안。じは。I'm not going to big break， I'm only thinking。🎼是。

You're not going to build a camera up like that。回。s hi there， you from too？

Let's jump outside sec what's that。Yeah， how about time for sec， are your friends here？

Bring outside cybers side。こ。对没有。Now we're going back here。

What I'm doing here is what I'm doing here is he's already made out there。

 And I think she's ready to go。 So I want him to see clearly for his own edification that when girls's ready to go。

 girls ready to go。 And I just kind of sense it。 So I said， let's see what we can do。 But again。

 we're still gonna do what， How do we get him out， baby step。

 I want to show you how fast we can get them out。机は。す。I，'m sorry，that soia。

You may have not caught any those makes， I'm not sure what you may not have caught any those makeups。

 you got to get the camera up。 okay。We love all your music。

Is that water is ho water here I can get it here， let me grab it for you。Oh nice， okay。

 just met that shit。Make sure you put it。Just showing how fast from open to out of the club you can often do。

So he just matter two seconds ago to make it outs pretty girl and just w right out成后续完整更新联系阿姆微信70075683。

Very。And then go right in the makeup get up on the wall， get up on the wall makeup。Okay。Yeah。

Is there any alleys around here？Alleys， let me check， do you see any alleys around here？Dve。

 back back around。かよね。Okay now now Im back to here to an alley。

 were the alley going to find an alley of this fun way。はい。You're nice。

 see a nice deal so you guys have a bunch of friends that came out here because that's so fun you guys have like a drive。

We'll be here Lucycy's not about that。い该。Oh I got on the cr on here。

 you guys know thats police station， right？It。系いんで。police station right。两快喂。To see the wall art。

 to see the wall art， the water are so cool， we're got to see it。はいこっちにいてロッ。いられ。We not really。

Look at this is crazy。Okay。Do an into eye you' like the room， and I content back as the says dog。

It's a trap， I'm kidding， I'm kidding， no， but what is the？系后。Yeah。Look at this one。大啲别た了。Sa。Yeah。

Yeah呀。多啊。Look at the monkey so we go look at the monkey because then it's like look at the monkey。

 so's a baby step On。Look at that monkey。Very。To see the arts。公分。人是特别个。Yeah。点呢你。It's crazy。

 emphasis on the present tense you could make out in the corner。Actually。

 that's something about out it。But the donation there only。Yeah， this isn't a donation。

 you're paying for this baby。Very。Just a little shot and we'll go back here。A little shot right。不在电了。

So the general idea of that is that you if you can find somewhere private is really good。

 that's quasi private so more can happen him there but like she really likes him and you know she's been making out of them inside so I mean if the girl likes you。

 she likes your rights like if you don't for your business owner someone wants to buy something you don't need to sit there like Dilly Dolly you we consult and so she likes him and enjoys this company and thinks he's cool so just。

You don if you have the opportunity you can take it at the same time。

 though don't don't go too much in the other direction where you。Um where you are pushy。

 you don't want to ever be pushy well she's being pushy， do you see it？

But if you can tell she's a big smile and she's really receptive and she's enjoying herself。

 then you can start doing that。 but I think it's a little bit outside the box for a lot of people but。

You know。If you're enjoying each other and other， I。

 I'll just leave them to it and then we're going to go back and keep gaming so。marketけ。Oh man。

 that was funny。🎼Yeah。🎼あ。