# 10、泰勒 《热座》：02.-福利(非核心课没翻译)：04.-Tyler-Bonus-Webinar奖金研讨会：Tyler Webinar【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

香。😊，What are we going to do？哎。诶。Is waiting on that。I think it's good。

 I think it's good right a little bit too bad， maybe hi Dlan， all right guys， hi come on come on。

 come on come on， let's go let' Okay， so we're' rock， okay， go play the dogs， What are the dogs。😊。

And， so。We're going to crack into it。Okay。That was cute， okay。系i。

All rightWe thought we'd do a little bit of video teleconferencing today。

Let's rock into it How long is the webinar going to last， I mean we could just do whatever， you know。

 I'm cool with whatever， you know， maybe we'll rock an hour or so yeah， so we'll see。

Is that you know I'm still still learning how to read comments as I speak， so it's kind of you know。

 you'll probably hear some dogs in the background too mom my kids got like9 million dogs so。

There's a lot of animals there。厕说。Let's all dude yo it's cools cool to read the comments Okay。

 so i'm going to try to I'll look it over the comments a bit and then i'll also you know kind of focus on the on this thing as well okay so。

😊，We've been working on the hot City home for a while now。

And I hope that you guys have been enjoying。And the goal with it。

I'm going I'm going to literally have to like cover the comments on this because I want to read them all。

 but it's like it might be a little bit hard to。To focus on that， okay。Let's see here， whoop。

 I'm going to literally like。ut a， okay， I'm going to temporarily make it。So that。

I temporarilyemp make it so I can't read the comments。Ca it is very very strategy。

 so anybody else through the comments were like I just supposed to scarf forward， okay。So okay。

 I hope you guys enjoyed Miil's introduction and seeing the kids and stuff is fun and so let's go a little bit over what we've been trying to go through so far and I've been reading the Facebook group and Telegram that really is me on it by the way I actually read it all the time to kind of just get a sense of it and。

What we're trying to do so far okay， so as you guys have seen here what we're trying to do so far is we're trying to build your skill set from scratch now this was very important to me with Hotey to home I'll tell you why for me。

😡，There was something borderline ill and kind of fucked up or offensive about creating a hot sea digital product initially。

Because。Hot seat is about taking action Okay hot seat is about taking massive action。

 so it deserved me to think that something like the hot seat could be taken by somebody who is not there live and not having the people taking action like the whole idea of doing a premium program with RSD where you spend a bit of cash is that you're gonna take real action when you're there right so my coach Glenn who you guys had to teleconference with last week。

 one of his big statements is he says nothing changes until energy moves and what that means is like even when Glen' coaching as an example a major you know a major thing with him whenever he coaches people is to have them do energetic releases and the reason why he does that is because it's kind of like。

😡，You know if somebody just says say therapy and they talk about their challenges and they just say they're ymer yammering about it that's not the same impact as when you're actually energetically cleansing yourself or releasing it well for success of women what that means is going out and doing exercises。

 doing approaches and taking massive in action now I've mentioned this actually in the second mission video and I've kind of tried to make it a theme in this program which is the idea of kind of bringing back the vibe of the old school pickup community。

😡，And the reason why that was important as far as the kind of folks in this program is that the oldto pickup community。

 it wasn't weird to go out and spend four or five hours at night approaching girls and it wasn't frowned upon and you didn't have all these like mainstream counter narrativerrs or other pickup community counter narratives or it was like what does it really mean if you spent four or five hours talking to girls are you wasting your life like is your life unbalanced and it's like well hold up nobody here is ever saying that you're gonna to spend the rest of your days until you're 99 years old five hours a day approaching girls nobodys ever said that it's just that if you suck shit with approaching girls or if you're even good at it。

 but you're not getting the quality of girlfriend or women that you want then you've got to change something and transformation doesn't happen easily like if you're gonna to dramatically change your body in the gym that happens when you go out and you clean up your diet and you lift a really heavy waste and you push yourself yes it's possible to change yourself as a human being were very adaptively we can change。

That doesn't happen without some kind of shock to the system that brings in new influences and habits。

And so on and so forth， the same thing with success of women。

 there's no reality where you get good with girls by just like dabbling in this shit a little bit here and there。

 you get way better with girls by taking massive fucking action and building the crap out of your social skills building the crap out of getting at ease with talking to lots of people and getting rid of approaching anxiety by having massive experience that's how it happens okays that's how you fucking do it。

You don't do by just being like oh you know I studied some YouTube videos and you know I watched this digital program called the hotse and you you could really see that Owen was doing some nice approaches there right you get it by actually taking massive action So what we've done here is we wanted to lead this up to a release that we're doing today which is the advanced principles video and the advanced principles video I think it's about 90 minutes is the first section of the hotse essentially and what it does that lays out the most advanced principles and success in women and then shows examples of me doing it so we're gonna to be releasing that later tonight know for some of you that's tomorrow morning and it's kind of exciting right so today's an exciting day we're doing this video conference kind of like a big day know we're about halfway through the program now So let's review what we've done so far in the program let's stop and really think about this we've tried to build your skill set kind of a piece at a time okay and I've taken the inspiration from this actually from improv class so so that you take an improv class they don't just say okay go up there and improvise some shit。

You know， get up there like。Be funny right， so I'm not like oh， get in there and like。Pinimppic。

 you know， like I'm not saying that What we're saying instead is。Okay， here's an initial skill。

What's that first skill， speaking in a way where you have emotion behind it。

 speaking in a way where you have certainty and leadership in the way that you speak。

 why do we do this？Because when you can speak of emotion and you can speak in a way where you're a leader。

 women get essentially hypnotized about that， hypnotized in a good way they get attracted。

Then we look at other exercises like， you know， self amusement and free association and we say。

 look now you're speaking like a leader， you have a motion behind it。

 now let's start free associating so you can just come up with stuff。Okay。

 well now we do that and we actually show you how to hook girls in where they're going to be like glue on you。

 but maybe now we want to do we want to background say， how about just being polite？

Why do you guys think I did the polite thing， Okay， here let's do a guess。

 I'm gonna to look at the response here。 Why do you guys think that I literally。😡。

Wanted to get you doing the plight mission， okay， why do you think I did that？

H what do you think it is？What's your thoughts why do I get you doing the polite mission for the some guys on this teleconference are from the live one。

 some guys are from the home version okay the guys that that did the live one got pushed super hard while they're there why do you think I push you to do the polite one i'm looking at the answers to be normal field experience go people go too hard。

More field experience。Congruence。The show can be simple。Balance more field experience。

 comfort with regular conversations， gimmick sure you can be friendly and school。

 sub communicationication， calibration， different ways of applying， homeie。

So they don't get too carried away ourselves on the game side of it， too many negs。

 you don't want to be a Pa yeah， you know calibration。

 all that stuff okay so that's gonna I'm gonna close like I'm going to w want to just keep looking at it and reading all time okay so yeah that is why we do it right we do it to basically get you to balance that out because once I get you speaking in a certain way or get you freesociating yourself amusing I want to also show you that you can actually get results of girls just by being a regular polite guy you can get that too so then we've done things like adding sexuality into this which is also interesting isn't it and then we do things like getting you to ask questions in it hey how are you doing。

There'Something interesting about you this。Let's click on here right getting you asking questions。

 So really what we've built up at this point is a well rounded skill set to where you actually。😡。

You could just walk up and talk and the goal here is that it's meant to build massive confidence right we're trying to boost your confidence very。

 very high because when you know how to walk up to women and talk to her and you just know exactly what you're doing。

 your confidence goes up now funny enough is your confidence goes up well then what happens now your confidence is up and now you're actually gonna be more free and able to do those skills so you're inner confidence and the outer skills are actually feeding on each other in a loop and we do this not just to be girls but just to be good with socializing in dayday life and you can use these same skills to do any kind of professional negotiation or sales or just enjoying your social life in general just being a good dude who knows how to carry himself in general it's very nice knowing how to do this I can't tell you what it is to be able to do this kind of thing okay it's massive right so I have a few lessons I'm gonna to teach you guys today but let's actually have a look also at questions and see if anybody has any questions。

😡，That you guys want to have as far as what you've been learning so far。

 if you guys have anything is part of why we do this live is that we want to you knowt get you to have feedback for me so do you guys have any questions here and I can even go through them if they're good questions。

Okay。Questions。Go for it。And by the way to the dude， if you miss Madison's live seminar。

 always pick live if you can。I would jump over there if you can man， live seminar， nothing's like it。

 seminars of best， okay so。Just check out the questions。Okay， all right。

 so we're going to go through the ones that I'm seeing。 Okay， there was a couple questions here。

 okay。Okay， I'm going to not look for a second now because I have to。

That is like two an amm forgetting with the original question or okay there's a few questions about the business like as a whole and then there was a couple questions about what we're doing in the future and then there was questions actually about the stuff that we're learning I could quickly go over that those bigger questions but let me。

Let me Okay， I'm seeing this。 All right， so let's just go over some of these。

 Okay so few people ask what we're doing with the business going forward。

 look selfdevelopment is a 13 billion industry and we've got a lot of guys in our team that are incredible speakers and are really far up the chain as far as their own development and what they've accomplished and whatnot So I do love sharing that with people in a general audience because now you can actually reach larger numbers of people。

 but I also love success with women In fact， really we've held back the business by continuing to teach success with women when we have so much to say on these much broader topics that have much bigger audiences。

 but we do this because we love it like my passion for success with women will always be so strong because it's something that crushes guys it crush me it crushes guys。

 I really believe like if you like aside for maybe food and shelter guys knowing how to do well with girls is's probably like the biggest thing that just makes them happy So for me that's like just huge that's why I'm super passionate about it I've been through horrifying breakouts before。

I know how debilitating it is is' crushing it's soul destroying and I've had a lot of just fun with this so it just makes life more fun so that's why we continue to teach it and you know part of going forward is actually you know creating content that can show people the core values of what we're teaching and things like that we have to make a better effort to do that because a lot of what we teach is so easily misinterpreted and confused so I kind of have this like double focus where I'm teaching in the coming year a years with the videos is already shot we have the most advanced game stuff ever shot coming out this year but then we also have to kind of go back to basics and show what our core values are and show the newbie basics of it because otherwise the message gets are very lost and then can create a lot of chaos for people involved so we definitely kind of had to walk both sides of that so we have that coming which is really cool and then my goal in the longer term is to hit and a lot of different topics and it's gonna be a lot of fun okay we're gonna have we got a couple decades of hard work ahead of us it's going be a lot of fun and I'm very excited about it' every single day we're out last night shoot。

And we work hard every single day Now the other thing is we had some questions about Julian and what he's up to。

 Julian's game is the best I've ever seen right now。 it's incredible。

 he has some videos coming out with me and he also is just crushing it but he loves teaching self development stuff because he's rounding out his content so he's kind of said what he had to say on pickup and he has probably one more product coming out at least I push him to do that because I believe he's just too good not to put stuff like that out and he will have more pickup videos out but at the same time a lot of what he's had to say you can see in existing videos So you know as as a teacher。

 you always want to expand your legacy。 not just kind of like repeat the same things again again it actually looks great like that yeah so you're not just trying to repeat the same things again and again。

 you want to keep expanding you want to keep growing and challenging yourself。

 So he's actually broadening his basic content and what's interesting is that as he doesnt cell development stuff he can then bring that back into his success limb and stuff and integrate it So as a teacher you're always trying to keep it very well round it now let's go into a couple of practical pickup questions So there's some guys asking。

About man to woman communication， what is that？Well， when you're with your bud。

's like hey what's up dude， how' it going by like that like like that right man to woman。

What kind of communication is that？So。I'm asking you。

What kind of communications that's a little bit different， isn't it， okay， right or teasing？

Pushing her away。Pulling her in。Giving your emotions， leading。

 letting her feel that a man is present。We've tried to focus on that in the exercise so far right that's humongous really we're trying to create a situation where you can do that comfortably on an ongoing basis okay。

 see some other questions here， subcomication subcommunation is done through eye contact。😡。

Body language， your vocal todality。Whether or not you're in reaction to them in any social interaction there's one person reacting more the other person that person's reacting to them okay so we see that in sub communicationmunic again that's what we've worked on in the hot seat and so on and so forth。

嗯。😊，Okay， just going through here。呵呵。😊，Yeah。We have a lot more topics that are going to blow your mind this year is huge huge。

 it's going to be a different reality in a year from now wait until you see things coming out。

 but let me just say I'd like to get a little bit more focus on actually the technical side。Okay。

 so I'm not sure what corporal body language is， by the way， so if you want to mateteo。

 if you want to clarify that question， I'd be happy to。

What to do if every girl thinks that you're a fuck boy， okay， I've got a great tool for that， okay？

So a lot of time you sleep with a girl and you want to see her again。

 but she's worried that she kind of just had a fun experience with you and she's where you're a player what not now that's a great that's a great position to be in compared。

To being the dorky guy who's trying to come across as attractive right so it's not a bad position to be in and really what I think is a great move this is just what i've experienced is just sleeping over。

The sleepover， which can be bad you're not used to simply grow in your bed， but you know。

 if you can make yourself crash out。That's a great move because now you can go eat breakfast together now you can go have lunch together you know now she's getting used to your presence she's used to you being around and a big thing with me I think is like really leveling with the girl like this is okay if there's one thing that you even got out of today I should I should really make a video about this at some point I think the most powerful thing that I do with girls is just leveling with the man just level with these fucking girls just don't don't put on a fucking front it just be like yo let me just talk to you like speak from the heart as they would say like really just talk to them。

As you talk to your best friend like open up like you know。

 just talk about your thoughts like like I'm so honest， you know， I talk about my insecurities。

 my dreams， my passions， you know areas that I'm working to improve different places that I want to visit different hopes that I have for my life like while I'm still alive you know what I hope my legacy could amount to you know I try to talk to her about what she's been through life experiences that she's had like I really get to know them and I take away any kind of pretense and there's a certain power beyond genuineness and again notice that this is when you're in bed with the girl like a lot of times this is after sex or could even be right before sex is like like it's in the place where you couldn't really talk you know like in a place where you couldn't really get to know each other and when you can have that kind of conversation where the girl feels unjud there's no pretense and I just complete comfort with you what I find is that the idea of her you know not wanted to have sex it would seem like she's playing a game because you just become best fucking friends so that ability to make best friends with a girl。

Quickly and also spend a lot of time around her for me。

 that's extremely powerful because what's happening is that you actually have。

You know you have a situation where you can get laid to the girl。

 but you can also become her best friend very quickly。

 so if you want that girl to be your girlfriend， you're in a great position for that and I found like。

Because I dated a lot of girls in the past year I really got used to just opening up with girls and doing it really comfortably and I find like the girls just they go into transfernce they like God have wanted to meet a guy that can speak with me like this for like my entire life so it's beautiful I love that like it it's really nice you connect very very deeply and all the girls I dated this year including ones that I'm no longer having sex with we're still very close so when I throw a party like I did two nice ago I can invite those girls and they're gonna come and have a blast right so it's like you know it's a very positive socially uplifting kind of thing I really like it。

嗯。And then let's go to some more questions How should your body language be perceived in a。

In a social event， okay， I think that's kind of neat all right so。

What I'm going to say here on this is actually a bigger answer than that。

When you say how should your body language be perceived？

What does that mean that means you're trying to create a perception so we need to chunk back okay。

 we need to chunk back。Even being concerned about a perception means that you're a try hardy。

Now everybody of course has concerned perception because I've you know my beard is trimmed right so clearly I must be concerned I'm trying to create some kind of perception right of course so I don't want to get into these like really abstract philosophical things of like like well what is really trying you know shouldt you just wear a garbage bag and take a shit on yourself because you're not trying right so obviously we all try we all care about this stuff。

But at the same time。Yeah。How do we chunk back？How do we chunk back from caring so much about what people think？

Perced， how should your body and language be perceived？What I would say is that。

We want to shift that question to， how can I be at ease myself？

How can I be at ease to take up space that I should take up， how can I feel at ease to be outgoing？

How can I laugh， how can I be happy？How can I stop hanging on to so much it's a lot of times the things that you're hanging onto or you know the pressure that you put on yourself to create an impression。

😡，That fucks you up when you're just your friends， you're just having fun。

You're gonna have that same body language anyway， So you know， I suppose on a certain level。

 if I'm at a party， I am gonna like blow it up sometimes and just laugh with a lot of people and let other girls see that。

 I mean I guess I do but the space that I'm coming from is I'm not like treading water thinking that I'm gonna sink'm I'm there to enjoy that party like try to understand that。

The paradox of what makes you successful women。Is one half of you。Is the most clever thought out？

Smart。10，000 steps ahead， guy。Ever like you're 10，000 steps ahead you're so far ahead of the game that she's probably never met a guy。

That far ahead of the game， you know， you know everything you're going to do。

But the other half of you is a guy who truly has no agenda at all。It's a paradox。

 everything in successful in paradox actually tonight's advanced Pris video is going to discuss that in details it's going to be a major theme the advanced principles video so you're going enjoy that so its kind of a great lead in。

😊，What I'm at that party。I'm really there to enjoy that party。When I'm on that date。

I'm really there to enjoy that date I understand that rubbing my dick at a hole for 20 minutes is not nearly as satisfying as the two hours that we spend talking eating great food connecting having a good time and the sex at the end of the night is just it's a nightcap that's all it is it's just a nightcap it's this inevitable thing that's going happen when you talk and have a fun time so。

😡，While you know exactly what to do because you're just fucking smart and competent and you're a man who's figured it out。

The other half of you is the fact that you know this made a funny change in the life， by the way。

 yeah， I don't know what that's about， do you know？Okay， so yeah， the the other half of you。

 sorry about the weird change in light there， the other half of you is basically just。You know。

ThereMaybe some kind of。What is its like there you go I probably spit on it let's get a live broadcast you know that a video I'd wipe it so the other half of you is just there to enjoy right you're there to just love it like that's your life man right your life is ticking down are you really going sit there with a woman for two or three or four or five hours and just be like。

Oh I get that puy then I'm getting be happy then， oh then now I'm happy now I'm happy。

Right is that really what you're gonna do， Maybe I don't know。 Maybe that is what I do。

 I don't know right， but I'd like to think that what I'm doing is I'm enjoying it like it's about a real appreciation for life。

 and respect for your own life and your own time That is two hours of your time。

 You're gonna to have so much fun right like what I'm on a date with the girl。

 I want to have so much fun。 I'm not sitting there like okay， I know I'm gonna close it。

 I know how I'm gonna go， you know， I know what I'm gonna say to structure it so that we go home together。

 I know that I figured that out Im a man。 Any guy that hasn't figure that out， dude。

 you got some work to do。 okay， that's your manhood right there。

 part of being a man is being competent is having the condos on you is knowing where you're gonna take her is knowing what you're gonna to say to make it relax to make her to want to come home into isolation with you that's called being a man That step one out of a thousand steps of being a man that's just obvious I've even got that down yet get it down Okay。

 catch up get it down But the other side of it is。Now you got that is it really that art you' got that the next level is being that guy who you love being and so you're sitting there with a sense of pride like you're sitting there in that room and like here I am I'm meant to be here this is my house it's a girl that I'm speaking with today we're gonna have some fun。

And you know what if she wasn't gonna to ask sex to me tonight。

 some other girls probably calling me to try to meet up with me。 So there's not this urgent rush。

 Okay， even if there is not a girl calling to meet up with you。

 what is Ehar Toltge to have abundance， It's an interstate first abundanceance first comes with you right like so for example。

😡，If I want a lot of people to appreciate me。What should I do。

 I should appreciate other people right So， you know。

 I walk down the street everyday day and guys I feel like， thank you so much。

 I really appreciate what you're doing Well， how did I get that。

 Did I get that by just walking through life like。You know what？

People these days are assholes Los Angeles is a cold heartted city of mean cruel people out to get value who are superficial。

 they are superficial people。That don't appreciate me for my soul， okay， dude shot the fuck up。

Do something in my case I said he I'm going spend like 80% of my time creating great free content for people and then the other spend 20% of my time putting out the best paid content and programs that I can do for people and i'm gonna do that and I'm going to do the best damn job that I can and now I can touch other peoples lies they appreciate you getting back that happens because I appreciate other people okay because i'm bringing them my best so by appreciating them I get appreciation back well it's the same thing of the bonus right like you can be like you know。

Why don't the girls want to fuck me？Why don't they want to put my little penis inside of them？

For sex。Let we help them， why， why I have a man， she's a woman， what's the problem。

 what's the problem here， okay， you could do that。Or you could say， look。I'm alive， right God。

 what a miracle it is that I'm alive What a miracle it is， Okay。

 and I'm gonna get really pretentious of you here， but just bear with me Okay。

 we're going get we're going to get spiritual we're going to get the spiritually pretentious here like the miracle of life。

 okay。Right you guys were like I just want to learn how to have some girls here why you talk about the miracle of life look these are underlying frame I come from right you want to know how I think about this。

 this is just how I think about there's a lot of different instructors in our who have their own perspectives this's just my perspective right I try to show an authentic perspective so my view of it is like looks like a miracle life like we're sitting here we're born like whoa okay you actually look at the earth they call the Goldilocks effect like not too hot not too cold like we're just close enough to the sun that a lot of these miraculous like creation of cells and whatnot on this earth could even happen the sun came up today you're alive。

Youre breathing air right look at those beautiful kids that I had here earlier today right look at the fact that like you know。

 you can just look around and see things listen to the listen to the sounds right get present for a second。

Okay， let the desk clear for a second。Okay， can you hear my kids in the room do you hear the life。

 do you see plants outside， look at the life， look at the vis of life。

 you've got a moment on this earth to actually appreciate it。So appreciate it。

 feel the abundance from within yourself， the abundance of joy。Love yourself。Okay， think back。

To yourself even at six years old， okay， think of how scared that little boy might have been his hopes his dreams。

 just give him a hug in your head。I protect you I'm here for I love you， you know。

 think of yourself even just， you know， at 12 or 13 right， just like， you know。

Junior high school if they called that， wherever you're from。Think of that kid。

 take of the concerns that he had， if you love that kid， give him a hug in your mind right now。

 think about that。Think to maybe in your later teens。Concerns that you have。The fears that you had。

 the insecurities you had， the hopes， the dreams that you had。

You're just doing your best probably made a lot of mistakes， right everybody does。You love that guy。

 give that guy a hug in your mind。Think of the person that you are now these different concerns that you have these fears。

That in another five years from now， you'll push through those。

 but right now they're real to you at the second， even though soon it'll be no big deal。

And love that person， love yourself。Care for yourself， love for yourself unconditionally。

And even think of the world， like think of the world right now。

Imagine that love extends to everything in the world， think about that for a second， okay？

Now what your're in is what's called a state of abundance。Okay， you're happy within yourself。

You don't need to put your， you don't need to put your pen in a hole to have abundance right now。

 do you， okay？Maybe you do， I don't know。Maybe you need to put your peie in a hole to feel any love or appreciation or happiness but maybe you could appreciate your life right now and so when you have that。

 look let's talk rubber meets the road okay hows this work to pimp hot girls and fuck them how does it work okay how do we where does this shit that I'm saying actually I have a practical application Well let's get refocus here what it means that when you're on a date with that girl or you met her you're just sitting there you're kicking it you're so happy and you're free your expression is free you're just kicking it you're joking around you're that dude she's never met a dude like that product in your fucking life so now you stand out and when she's around you。

 she feels that feeling that overflow feeling of love and gratitude and appreciation from within you？

Now let's go back to the hotseed to home lessons that we talked about or if you're at the Hotse live。

 the lessons that we did the exercise on now you're saying that you're able to free associate。

The way that you speak is as a leader and alpha male there's emotions in it so that she's feeling emotions you can also be polite so it's not this gimmicky stick because all that stuff becomes this gimmicky stick unless you know how to also just be polite be cold be normal you know how to sexually。

😡，Escalate with the girl， you can show that you know not ask her questions where she wants to seek rapport with you。

What kind of picture are we building here we're building a picture of a guy who's incredibly incredibly effective with women hundreds of times more effective than the average guy on the street that you'd ever see and now it's happening as you start dating different girls and then you're getting really picky and selective because you're in abundance。

 that inner abundance combined with external skill sets that we worked on in this hotey to home and doing this course together。

Are now manifesting externally。 So that's kind of the the sort of。

The frame that we're trying to push you up to okay。

 we're trying to get you up into that and get you to an upward spiral。

 get you into a situation where instead of not having what you want you have what you want So that's kind of you know that's sort of the theme series。

 let's go so that's the idea there Now let's go back to the original question。😡。

How should your body language be perceived at the party？What should you do？Shoulders up。Ninja pose。😡。

Surfer pose。Crazy guy， pose。Sg I pose。 weird I pose。No no opposed。Pose， nice guy pose。

Spiritual womb man pose， yes， St man who knows something you don't posto。😊。

Regular guy pose threw you off just me being normal angry guy pose。

 what pose should you do with that fucking body language， What should you do。

 Don't you know at a question。😡，Okay。我这边。Yeah。Yeah。Sorry。This plague， is is being recorded。 Oh god。

 Oh God is being recorded， Oh shit。的。Hey。Yeah。This is the bottom of the external hard drive。

What do you think。Yeah。嗯。You also my new glasses checked out。How are。Hello。It's kidding。系啊。Good。

I just want to tell you all that I appreciate you for being here。Very， very much。Very， very much。

You want to see something call， check out。This is a floss。Bringing me after food， check off， boom。

This year， okay， check it out， this is sick。 This is very good。

 How many of you guys have a weird bar under your mouth for from when you had braces You about this。

诶，系啊。That there， see I'm 36， most of you guys don't have that like when I was young。

 people all get that。thats you need actually a piece of floss that will go under that。

 So what I do is I bring this here， this。I'll put it underneath and that's how you got this arch。

Like that and个。iron人讲。系呀。啊哈。😊，Andcl。With that and you eat it。Okay， so。What's he doing now。

 what's Tyler doing now， what's he doing？It's free association， right。

 let's look at that even simply so women。While no doubt in my mind as smart as a men， if not smarter。

When choosing who to have sex with。Are dealing with their own social conditioning men we deal with social conditioning right we have social conditioning to push through women have that as well。

 women have these different constraints that are telling them you know you're not allowed to have sex this guy even when you feel aroused by him and you are so into him don't ask sex them。

And so what we do as men is we get them a little bit logical。

 we pull them out of their social conditioning right they have a little bit of fun with the girls and then what can happen is they can actually they can actually get away from that part of their brain where all that social conditioning that judges them as being sluty just for enjoying being with a man but they'll say they have to get we're trying to get them out of that So what I'm doing there like if you look at how I'm behaving their Paam I'm quickly pulling them out of social conditioning right or say that I got get a girl to come home right and your friends's like don't do it Suie you're a naughty' girl you know not you you bad don't go home with a ginger b man gets a jerk right and I'm like like that and I start acting how I'm acting there well what's happening What's happening is I'm more free I'm more loose I'm having more fun I'm not all fucking up tight like a stick sh in my ass like that like most people are all tense and making everything this big deal like yo like imagine this cell gone。

Okay， imagine cells like I could literally come on the cells that you'd be like。Hi there。

It's talller。The pickup master。Like I get just say， it's too stupid。

 like like today we need to get very serious。It's very serious lesson today right to learn the pickup skills and yet if I do that。

 let's say that we start methodically just breaking down each tactic and technique and just breaking them down okay。

 we break them down great what happens but I'm breaking them down like that to you I'm putting you in your fucking head I'm getting you into selfana I'm making you to think that you're not enough。

 I'm getting you to think you have to act a certain way。

 but in fact what we need to do is get you present， get you out of your head。😡，Get you present。

 get you loose， get you able to have fun if I can sit here and I can look into a little thing right here and I can just keep going on like that what am I like in front of a ten0 what am I like in front of a girl who intimidate me how does that in front of that girl where every guy is uptight and judged。

😡，How is that going to come across to her so this is why if you look in the core principles video what you saw was a lot of different exercises designed to get you out of that i'm going to tell you straight up too。

😡，My personal assessment， everybody who is gonna to judge their own work out of the people in judge work for me。

 the core principles video is the best thing I've done in years its I love it because what it's doing is it's breaking down so much of the social conditioning that's holding you back from being able to free associateiate it's breaking down social conditioning that's holding you back from using your voice so many people's voice is just trapped in' it's breaking you out of it's breaking you out of this logicalness right like that exercise we do at the end where we get guys to just to be silly and like self-use。

Get themselves laughing， you know， just use your body in the way it gets you laughing right what are we doing there we're stripping away society's influence on you and it's grip on you that says if you want to be happy you need to buy something。

 you need to look good in the eyes of society we're saying no， you're taking back the power。

 taking the power back。What you're doing is you're saying I can amuse myself。

 I can sit here in this fucking chair and I can amuse myself looking into a little light in here。

 hi dad and I can do that and now what's happening is in game and meeting women you are a fucking battle tank。

You are tank sir because what's happening is all these other fucking dudes are coming up and they're like。

 hi， Aaron， you Timmy， youll give me， here's a nice compliment for you from your Timmy。

 like this right the girl's bored out of her fucking mind and what's happening is you're loose。

 you're outgoing， you're free， you're fun， she knows you're gonna be good in bed if you're like this。

 what's happening you're loose。You're you。You're congruent， you're authentic。

 you're expressing from you， but what you think is you may not be because ultimately you is obscured by being at the effect and not at the cause we talked about this again in the hott Sea video so why do we want to get you to the cause not the effect。

Simple， we're getting you to the cause because the cause is you。

You with the effect of biological drives， how do I look？

That's not you okay you you at the effect of like， you know these needs that you have the needs the needs I need it。

 that's not you we're talking you at the core。 you at the cost。

 you coming from a space of a bonus and that's where a lot of this gets you again into that upward spiral That's our goal So that's really what the hot seat home is about or for you that attended the hot seat live。

 Thank you so much for coming by the way， so sick。 you products anybody that comes live one live it's crazy you think it's crazy having me here on the camera being live is like it's wild the energy and room is a fucking wild but that's what we're doing here okay so what I want to see is guys having great results of women but I also want to see you free I want to see you happy I want to see you laughing I want to see you spiritually growing in a place where there's an abundance within you and then now that's manifesting into your external life but it's an instant too you'll see guys going on different side of the court on this because some guys are like you know what。

Like it's just about game， just learn the exact technique and I'll get the pussy and in my mind I'm like dude do your little like exact technique thing I'll see out of the club and we'll kind of see the different we'll see the gap here between a guy who's free and out going and does the technique naturally because it just emerges naturally in a flow versus a guy who's internally empty and trying to execute some kind of strange kind of series of tactics。

 But then on the other hand you get these other guys are like you know what I like a man。

The personal development side， I love the personal development side of this。You're like， well， okay。

 how have you developed？Like， I'm like。Awake。From social conditioning now。 Okay。

 let's go talk to that girl。 I'm kind of not into that， come on， let's go talk to the girls。

 those girls are cool。 they're kind of like slu， not developed girls。

 They're not like they're not like me awake from the matrix。 like dude， they're girls。

 Let's go talk to them。 I can't right， And they're just a。 It's just a new narrative。

 It's this new identity they have。 That's why I love the pickup stuff right because it's where the rubber meets the road。

 It's where you have the interchan and the philosophy behind it is actually being externalized and practice into external real results。

 So funny enough。 you know， people ask about what we want to do in the future and growing the business。

 We want to do that in every major niche where people want to grow And where we at least either have credibility or friends that have credibility where we can bring them in。

 And I can be a student in it And's gonna to be a huge part of it。

 So that's what I love It's like we call it real social dynamics because it's not It's not called keyboard。

 This is not keyboard shockey dynamics。 Kj SD。I don't know why I ever thought that before。

 but it's really cool。It's not keyboard jockey social dynamics， right keyboard jockey dynamics。

 K K JD， okay it's not Kjd here， mother Fcker。 okay， this is the real social dynamics。

 So that's why that's why I love what I do。 Okay that's why I love it like on a boot camp。

 you get a guy out you get in there and you're gonna make interchanges but you're also gonna work with them watching change or a live hot seat you get a guy right there and you're working with them and you're seeing him loosen up right that's so beautiful about the the core principles video is that you're seeing them coming out of their shell live right there。

 It's crazy。 It is fucking crazy And so when you combine that again。

 you know with some infield footage you guys will be seeing the advanced principles video tonight。

 it's like the first 90 minutes to Hose basically It's gonna be me breaking down core principles and actually showing silent that's about body language。

😡，Some you have've worked on for a long time it's really good you're gonna enjoy it。

 but when you combine those， that's why the hot seat is such a popular event that's why there's so many people that rave about or go crazy yogbert is because it has that combined element to it so again that's the goal here is like real transformation and by the way。

😡，What's amazing I'll say this and I'm going to take a few more questions and this is also very valuable to think about so as far as the hot sea。

😡，You have this。This powerful program about meeting women and。The basis of this material is。

About a decade and a half or so that I've gone out and worked on meeting women。

 but especially working with students meeting women and seeing those students progress and how they progress so that's what is's based on but as I went through this period what you learn is these things called universal principles and universal principles are principles that can be applied anywhere。

😡，And。What's cool about that is that when you start looking back at older books。

 you see that those same principles that you figured out from years are going out。

And really having real life experience are mirrored in some of the great works of literature。

 so one of those things that you know to me you rather their own opinion on this。For me。

 you know from my experience I guess， a great work of literature is the Cabalion it's written by the three initiates and basically what it explains is a lot of these same universal principles of life and so I was really inspired by the Cabalon just seeing how they broke down those principles to show this and the idea of Kabalion it's apparently it's using Freemasonry or something like that I don't know if to some ill intentionential what and it's also a book that really is like at the root of things like that if you ever of the movie or read the book the secret or the law of attraction or things like that it is unfortunate because。

嗯。😊，I sometimes almost feel like the law of attraction。

Is given such a disservice by some of the Fufo， you know， crystal wearing drum circle， sensitive。

 you know， sensitive new age guy type people like the secret man。

Don't you know the law with track in it's awesome we don't need to go hustle On why did you like not sleep for two days to like do that launch that you did oh that's not feeling positive just feel good and you'll attract good stuff how much money you have in your bank account。

It's not about that I'm attracting what I want here's the picture of my dream home。

 I'm going to attract it， no you're not。You're not， okay。

 you know what you attracted me and I'm here to tell you to work。

 you attracted the right to live in a good country where your work will be rewarded。

 you attracted living in an era where there's technology that you can use to work so work okay。

 that's what you attracted。哈哈。😊，Sorry， I'm sorry。I'm sorry okay。But。Really like， you know。

 books like relentless by Timothy S Grover are written， you attracted it okay。

 now you heard about it read it and execute it out it Okay。

 so it's a combination right but nonetheless like a book like the Kabalian。🎼Yes。

It's really the fact while like you know the Fu fos of the world take that and they kind of brand it in this Fuoo foo way we don't want to look at it at the same time is one of the most powerful concepts that you'll ever like I actually love the secret when when I saw the movie that I was like yo。

 this is so sick they made a movie about this but unfortunately you know the audience has then like you know what I did I manifested a parking spot today by thinking about the parking spot I want to manifest it you're just like fucking faceping yourself。

That's not what it's about rather a lot of these powerful laws。Go much。

 much deeper and the key is is the last principle in the Kabalon， which is called the law of use。

 and this is paraphrasse， but the idea of what it says is that for a man who collects wisdom to not use that wisdom is that man is going to suffer and the reason why that man that essay。

My lovely assistant for my children。Sa hi， toレ师。😊，はい。

Where's the kids you want to bring back in the kids for sec？I move back in。嗯。Look he's back。

And this would be one of the major things that I would teach to Vincent， hi， Vincent。

 how are you feeling？How are you feeling。H我。DylanDylan， come say hi。他。Yeahは。😊，Bit。😊，あっち。快。Okay。

 okay bye say bye say bye Okay， al right， so you know what would I。😊。

Like what would I teach to to my to my children Okay， so what would I， you know。

 what would I teach them， I would teach them。Take action。Okay， Ill teach you that。

I would teach them to get engaged。I don't care if my kids want to work at a gene store。

 I don't care if my kid is gay straight， I mean I guess every on some level wants grandkids， but。

But you know what I mean right like I don't care about that I don't care if he wants to be like the next pimp like like are your kids gonna be a pimpt I don't know about that my first son。

 Vincent's autistic and you know and and my second son Dylan is a boss but I don't care if they're a pimp or not okay you know it's like it's like it's like if Vincent wants to be wants to be a p I'll be quite the challenge and he might be I don't know women love him as you can see is very charming and Dylan is just like you know will he be some super big pimp。

 I don't know， maybe he doesn't want to be like his dad maybe Dylan just wants to get his high school sweethearts and marryriam like what Elliot Halls did and have four super cool kids with a woman who he trusts right you know kids want different things I don't give a fuck about that Okay my path was my path based on the things that I needed to learn okay that's my journey I'm not here to make them have have my dream but。

The idea rather what I would teach， this is what I would care is one is understanding。😡。

That those concepts of inter game and you know， where the law of attraction comes from learn that。

 learn what the law of attraction is like you can go read books like Esther Hicks and stuff and like half of it read like the biggest crock of shit you've ever seen。

So don't don't just drink the coolaiid hookline and sinker。

 but you know like like they'll say that she's speaking through like through like she's channeling of a spirit or something when they speak like why isn it like these amazing books it can't just be like an awesome book or in my business guy it's got to be like by a spirit channel I don't get it but it's one of my great passions is to bring that stuff in you know and try to share that ideas and not have a spirit channel okay maybe my beard as a spirit channelll be like me and my beard we believe in those love attraction。

We believe that you are manifest how you feel。These laws of having rock solid inner game and how that manifest externally is so so critical。

 it is so fucking critical right there's abundant we discussed this earlier。

 joy right think about that like they talk about this in the power versus force which we talked about in the we talked about this in in the Hassid at home and the Hasse Live。

 power versus force， different levels of vibration right what do the higher levels of love。Peace。

 joy， why am I always wanting to laugh and self auseed and just like。Fuck with shit， you know。

 dump water on myself you' just stupid shit like that because I understand that by being in state of joy。

That I'm going to manifest more joy， I understand the body of being loving。

 I'm going to manifest love and appreciation when I'm in of gratitude one of the most high vibration states you can be and I'm going to manifest more of that。

But I also don't sitting fucking going man at like this。 I'm not there fucking hustling。

 Okay I hustle like a fucking gee every fucking day and days that I have to take off。

 but I'm not hustling。 I hate them and resent them but I will take days off because I know there's a yang and yang and and then I need take time off but I'm not like I'm getting work so that I can have time off No I take time off to come back fresh to my passion you see the difference here So this is larger picture that we're trying to show you okay we're trying to show you the inner change and transformation and we did that in the hot seat core principles。

 It also bleeds into and leads into external change because you're seeing guys changing their boys choosing how they're expressing themselves but it's a loop of inner and outer change And then what we do is we bring in the advanced principles video today and the grand finale which will be I guess another six weeks is the entire hot seat and field footage and what you're gonna see there is the outer technique side of it and I'm not an inner game guy I'm not outer game guy I'm that fucking everything fuck okay I' everything guy and I love。

😡，About inner game， how it works， how to be always in the good mood。

 or at least most at least most of the damn time in the fucking good mood。

 most time laughing most of time loving feeling joy and enjoying life。

 appreciating life more than anything appreciated， I promise you you get all these girls you get all this fucking money and whatnot you think you're going be so happy。

Youd be surprised you can be pretty fucking miserable。

 you can be even more miserable than when you thought you'd be happier later because when you thought you'd be happier later when you just got this or that。

 you had hope， then you get everything， you have no hope right in my case you know I've lived in fat cribs and had beautiful women and you we've done big product launches and had business success and the best restaurants met cool people met a lot of the famous people that I want to meet so I' like done cool vacation so I've had that and I've had that experience of sitting and goingW am I still pissed。

😡，Why am I still so mad at life Why do I still feel essentially the way that I did before well when you have those shifts realize happiness comes from within yourself。

 but also in pursuit of some purpose that you want right so we shift you on that in the core principles video and then what we do is we get into the techniques of it because in the same way that you I've mastered I wouldn't say I've mastered because it's a journey of mastery in the same way that I've walked a journey of mastery and success of women I've done that in a lot of areas right it's not like you just like you're positive and don't do marketing and then all of a sudden you know you have financial success like sometimes for example guys like watch a marketing video from RsD。

And they're like， I thought the way you do it is you just give away free content。

 you're in abundance and the money just flows to you It just flows to you right I'm like what the fuck are you talking about。

 what reality do you have where you don't market like you know。

 am I thrilled to sit there doing a marketing piece to be honest。

 I'd rather be doing a new piece of content。 But if I want to fund the hundreds of thousands of dollars in camera。

 hundreds of thousands of dollars if not millions of dollars in company payroll and I want to pay my staff well and I want to be able to afford a website with high bandwidth and I want to be able to afford to travel to the places where I can actually make the videos and make it look beautiful and I want to be able to afford the time to go and learn game so I can master my game or walk the path of master of my game and all that that takes money which comes from marketing and marketing pieces in cheesy。

 cheesy clickbait titles on my videos I don't like that clickbait title I want the video to be seen。

 I spent 200 hours on this video。 I'm giving it away for free。

 I'd like people to click it is okay if I just put a clickbait title。😡。

There's no weird shit in the video itself of clickbave， it's just the title， can you handle a title。

 can you handle a couple ASI characters that will get four times more view on my video， sir。

That was for free， no， you can't disturb you， then probably you don't need the video anyway。

You see what I'm saying here right， there's little technique we come from the law giving away the content what you put out to the universe of what you get back。

 but we also understand technique， you know we understand like in case of clickbait。

 things like secret of something or something that creates outrage or irritation actually gets more clicks we understand that well the same way success of women you have inter game。

 selflove， high self-esteem， self- auseement， not relying on other people for stimulus。

 but we also understand that there's certain ways of opening that are more effective。

 seeing how she's responding， calibrating to it， when to step in， when to step back， when to lead。

 how to seed a pull， how to seed it so that she wants to meet up with you later。

We understand that there's the inner and the outer。M the yours was cool。

What I know that that I understand marketing and how to do a great launch。

 I feel confident to go out and do a bunch of free content and then I'm more excited about my free content because I know that it will pay off likewise when I know how to do the technique of pickup I feel more confident when I get out there I'm going to have results so then my confidence goes up so you're noticing that there's the outer world of how to do things and there's the inner world of controlling your state。

😡，Controlling your happiness， loving yourself having self esteem and how that manifests。

Into your behavior。 And so it's a loop that's going on and on and on。 I hope that's making sense。

 Okay so that's a general， that's an overview of how we teach N Rt。

 And as somebody who's part of our tribe， part of our crew here doing the Hoey。

 This is why we have things like you the telegram app where I can hit you back and answer your questions。

 the Facebook reports where I can actually design the weekly missions based on the feedback that I'm getting in that Facebook。

 that's why we do video comments here to ask questions。 We want you part of a tribe part of a group。

 because now everybody's taking this journey because a lot of the ways that we're talking about here that we're thinking about are not that common right they're not really common ways of thinking。

 it's a little bit past the paradigm of how a lot of people are thinking okay so that's why we do this Now。

 I guess we're kicking into right now we're at about 810。 So by and by the way。

 I do hope that seeing my kids like the kids weren't even meant to be in here。

 I just had my maid come and grab them out。 but the kids。😡。

I didn't even expect them to be in the webinar， but yet what a serendipitous moment that is when you're seeing kids free like that and look especially for inspiration from my son Vincent。

 who I love so much is so cute in him even with autism。Like again。

 an autistic kid just sitting there and being played with a lot at home and you know just laughing a lot at home and it's funny because I think you'd rarely see a kid's autism more smiling or laughing or happy than him and that's why I'm just so blessed to even have him in my life because it taught me a little bit about what I've experienced because I'm kind of have like certain characteristics on the spectrum that would lightly be pointed to that but look at that right he's not seeing there punching himself in the face or shaking or things like that he's laughing and having fun even despite the conditions that he has that some people would do as a challenge right so this again I hope that you gained inspiration just from that because that's the effect that I wish to have on the people around me right it's like I'm always want Vin Vinncecent andll maybe able get him in againll see but you see that whole idea which is the joy。

 the happiness， it doesn't matter if you have like a perceived disability of some kind it's about laughter and having fun and sharing it whatnot and so even my kids are so trained on that right that's how they' you know。

That that's how I play with them when I go out and that's how the mom my kids plays with them and whatnot too so that that's the influence I try to have on the world I don't know if it you maybe it's not a philosophy that could translate to the whole world right maybe the whole world was like that is too idealistic society to be in chaos and yet even though I come from that frame I still work my ass up every day and want to be productive and hustle and that happiness that I try to generate myself gives me more steam and passionate energy to produce more so I believe in it I'm not who's to say how it would affect on a larger scale but RSD as big as we are like feel like we're a big company or whatever we're really a drop in a bucket compared to the influence in most society so it's really not a big deal but let's go a little bit。

Let's take a few more minutes I'll go through a little bit of questions here I know there's a lot of questions Okay so I see a couple questions here from Matto how do you how do you deal with negative insults and funny enough under here we're talking about the collaborative frame so that's a big thing okay so last night I was with a girl who you know is done pro modeling whatnot so she's back in my house and she's calling me fat bald and literally just like like mocking me in ways that you wouldn't imagine right my answer was I push out my belly and I'm like I'm having a baby I'm bald look at my bald head and and then I'm rubbing it and I'm like like that。

Its stunning she just breaks out laughing。 she's like God， so many guys are so insecure。

 I love how I can just jokeking you。 you don't give a shit。

 So really like you've gotta take it out to take it like the other night I was at an event and like a whole group people like he looks like Zach Alberach is and his beard right and I was just laughing I was like imitating the hangover guy and everybody's laughing with me and I think got a certain extent they' almost like。

How's it possible that he？Doesn't give a shit。 I mean。

 he's kind of just being mocked and this guy doesn't really care。

 The reason why is because first of all， any insult。

 that's a reflection of the other person like okay， you can ask the same question like okay。

 go look at any of my YouTube videos。 there's so many guys give me pro give me appreciation I'm so grateful for that but I'll promise you every video too I be like fuck this guy fuck a pilot fuck you know and like what why like does that get you down。

 how do you a the trolls dude， that is a reflection of what that person is feeling in themselves if they're trying to give real feedback Okay look if somebody's insulting you and they want to like really criticize you would and their intention to rep positive。

 they weren't just being shit has they would come to you and say hey man could I talk to you for a minute I got some feedback know I can see here you're trying your best but here's some thoughts I got for you's some feedback for you people are not when they're just insulting you they're not coming at you like that they're coming at you because they're carrying something。

😡，Something akin to Dexter Morgan， a dark passenger of negative low vibration energy。

 and they feel it in their sort of pain。And they want that pain to come out on you。

 you naughty little boy， you balding creepy ginger， you naughty men。

You don't know how to talk to women that girl that I just saw in the video， you probably hired her。

 you naughty little man， you bad， bad， naughty little man。

 this has nothing to do with me and what's my body I'm actually quite happy just going through life in a pleasant way and I happened to stumble like a naughty little man and I said you knocky look man You're naught a naughty naughty naughty naughty naughty man。

😡，I and I'm gonna be like oh no， am I naughty that man has probably really had his shit together at a high level and recognized that I do not and he gave me the feedback and I've got her no I've got to reconfi everything even with mainstream media how many mainstream media articles ever written about RC really took the time to understand us what we teach show the good side of it but then just try to balance it out with the bass。

 they're not doing that they're just making a shit show okay they're trying to make this like sensationalized shit show So for me for me anybody covered at me I just view it as like that's where they're at let's just make it fun life is so short Why are we gonna sit here getting all fucking pised the world when life is this short if people are carrying something they want to spread it remember what Glen talk low vibration energy attracts what more low vibration energy and the goal of low vibration energy to spread in the same way if you're having and joy you want to spread it like I can't not want to spread into this little camera I can't want to because in me wants to spread So align yourself with positivity。

The world is on its journey， right humanity， our global consciousness is on its journey。

 so we're kind of just moving through our journey and learning okay and so the consciousness is shifting。

 it's gonna have periods where it goes up and down and is what it is everything is perfect as it is and let's just keep continuing to the evolution and growth in direction that we want so that's kind that's how I view it when I'm out of that club man I'm having following people and I'm laughing people and that's my goal And and do I have bad nights where I perceive it insult as being like real you know maybe if I were to go on like TV and some started tooling me I can start to break down under the pressure I'm not saying I'm perfect with it I struggle with it too right the reason I made programs about it is because I struggle with it and I knew how important was to learn speak about it so passionately is because it is a hard area but it's funny because much like a night out it's hard when it's hard and it's easy when it's easy it's like it's hard till it's not hard and then it's easy so it's not like being through force right like we talked about the powerful versus force rather we kind of。

We push through that with actually letting go a little bit right that's the whole idea of the collaborative frame is just letting go just assuming the positive and then letting the law of self inpro try to help with that so' do a couple more questions while we're we'll wrap pretty soon okay so。

😡，Okay， mental health self hypnosis， I don't know， probably the way I'm talking now。

There's a lot of mental self illness， I don't do a lot of like I am。The lights。

I am the lights like that， but you know who knows okay how do you make girl forget about her ex boyfriend do you want to know something okay。

 and another one which says my greatest fear is being in my own head when I see girl making a dumb impression。

 okay cool。All right， look， here's here's。What it is Okay。

 so those questions you hear those questions they got pushed now so you guys are bump me the questions here okay。

 as soon as I'm taking questions like。Like right down I got the way a little thing here so how do you get off alcohol it's not helping you Okay I have a video about alcohol on game how to give myself permission and putting myself out there is's the hot seat watch the hot seat it's in there okay。

Oh okay， so the fear of making a bad impression， look， dude。Old school pickup community， okay。

 get geed up， gangster shit， okay？Gs do it， they want bites do it they can。

 how do you get that you go out？Okay。😊，I could give it inspirational speech。

 but remember the rubbers got to meet the road， go out， start approaching baby step it。

 watch the six steps videos， okay， everything that you do is good anytime that you approach you say who the fuck would have the balls to do that。

 especially sober。I did that shit， I did that shit my fuck， I did that shit。

 That's the bomb When do you rate that approach harder out 1， Oh， let me tell you something funny。

 You don't even got attend a boot camp with me to learn one of the best lessons you should boot camp。

I will come up to you all week can on bootc and I'll say how does that approach。

 how's that interaction， hows that set， how'd you do， how to go？

And every time the students always think they always come back and they're like。It was okay。

She did this， she reacted like that， I go stop。You're focused on her， you're focused on her reaction。

 you're giving your power。Rather。What I want you to say is it was a fucking bomb and I want you tell me something funny about it if I say what do you rate out of 1010 why 100 because irrational there's an irrational high rating system I want to hear 10 of 10 a million out of 10 a trillion out of 10 okay。

😡，The best set ever because it's you and your life in the same way that you love a child with disability and a child without a disability equally。

 you also love your approaches that went poorly and your approaches that went perfectly you love them both equally because you create is part of your creation it's part of your growth it' part of your journey that's your fucking journey why don't you love that bad approach so you're just learning but you get over fear by taking action look I can have give you all this theory in the fucking world but at the end of the day the reason why I'm getting way better results than how when I started for sure is because shit I took action and then in the fear what away then we add in understandings of inner game and we add in understanding of technique like you guys will be learning in the advanced principles video when that comes out。

😡，And now we're going in a way upward spiral， Okay。

 these problems aren't just solved whisk by whisking them away Okay， these problems are solved by。

 but really coming at it， okay， we come at these problems， we make work on them。

 we improve no different than a physical transformation with your body， okay so。😡。

Gaming college without developing a bad rep dude just do social circle gaming's the bomb why why is it a bad rep why wouldn't you viewed as a good rep be inviting these girls to party college or small towns is is check chestnut checkers okay chestnut checkers how do you handle breaking how do you when to open up with girls about having kids i girls get turned on by that means you're potent occasionally they don't then you just like say it's your nephew 99 pounds out of 100 they love it。

Is low pitch voice cultivating as a high pitch voice do deep voice is the bomb。

 That's great that's not a disadvantage Okay I went through my fine voice。 Okay。

 I succeed in spite of it with sheer willpower it's not like this you don't you don't need to you don't need to be like imitating my voice okay I have a lot of characteristics that are kind of funny I can kind of dainty sometimes I' about to suck something so you don't need to imitate that that's just kind of my personality from a kind of meekness that I had to push through you don't need to you know you don't need to do that fall apart with every number。

 well， if there's a series of no responses to stop don't be a psycho stalker but definitely keep pushing with funny engaging stuff until you know thiss dead how do you know when you're changing the beard it's purely the beard when the beard happens This is what happens when you changegle bold so。

Okay， let's see do them having a hard time deciding to say leave dude okay。

 the guy who's watching this webinar versus going to see Madison live dude， thank you。

 always go to the live event if you got an RC instructor right there in your city do you know how hard that was Okay。

 I know probably in your reality it's like it's RsD they're just like got this shit handle it's a free tour Do you know fucking expensive time consuming how much effort goes into those free tours Do you know how fucking like。

😡，What is taken to get to the point that all over the world， we have free tours。 Okay。

 see our job is we want to make it look easy right Like take this shit happen with Julie， Oh no。

 no big deal solve a they right， that's how thiss looking from the outside。 Oh， it's a free tour。

 Hey guys， we're like in abundance like there's like instructors traveling all over the world doing free events。

 you know， just no big deal right， do you know fucking hard it is to make that shit not talk about happening like I probably figure out but like actually doing it that's like's like a game right like oh just pimp it that in some game right but actually having game like actually doing it。

😡，Actually， there's an instructor in your city go see him and this is Canada What city is that in Canada。

 right like Edmonton or something we got Madison to Edmonton， Okay， I know in your mind。

 you thinkca Grtznys are from Edmonton that it's like this big fucking bomb city that everybody knows because I'm from Kingston at Ottawa so I thought that too when I live there。

😡，In reality， to get an instructor to Edmonton， do you know the cost structures that we have to build in the different stunts that we've done to make a free event in Edmonton。

 get in there now， Edmonton， okay， all right， that's it okay。I'm from Kingston and Ottawas。

 I'm allowed to say that， okay， yeah so yeah。He's an Edmonton， okay？

You had Gretzky a couple 20 years ago， now you have an RC free tour go go， okay。

 you can catch a shit， you can catch a shit up and fucking， you know。

 you could catch a shit and why did RSC cancel a free tour in Australia， look at the news， okay？

Do Google the news on that So okay we're working on it okay we working on this shit and by the way。

 we do do events like yo， we go to South America like you understand we go to South America I know that you have a lot of culture down there and it's the bomb do you know how many people are looking to buy like thousand dollar personal development programs in South America it's not a lot and we go there why because we love you。

 we're in a goddamn mission here we're going there to South America we go to Africa okay we go to Eastern Europe。

 do you know the cost structures， do you know how much map we have to do to skim this by without herrhaging and debt to go to cities like this to a free tour if you live in a city ever that a major major city to go there is hard for us to do So for God's sake。

 go support those free events right sometimes we'll do things like。

Like free events in like some tiny city somewhere like some tiny tiny city。

 And then like and then we wound up having to cancel the event right And then like like 30 guys come on later they're like watch cancel it and we're like because it's a week before you didn't sign up and there's three people signed up and they're like well it's gonna to go and we're like dude。

 I know that you think your city's big It's really hard to go there it's a small city supported by bringing your friends even if it's free you're not even going to buy anything we're cool that at least show up for the free So we have an audience to do the damn events。

 at least it's kind of cool And then when when we lose a bunch of money on it。

 at least some people came to the free event。 Okay So and I know in your mind you're like all that they do is just write a website。

 isns't it all gravy and easy money No， this business is challenging Okay it's not just a fucking website。

😡，I could figure it out， okay， then go do it okay， show me show me this shit， I'll be proud of you。

 so the idea being like like if you're in a small city for God's sake。

 support the fucking free event okay， that's it。That's all gotta say okay if you live in a big city you can tell us go fog I just give it anymore but like in the small cities like we go to those small cities for passion。

 we go to those small cities because we like you know what we're thinking when we go to small city we're like it's small。

 it's hard to even break even on it but we're fucking passionate about the shit and if we go there we can shoot a video in the city with recognizable landmarks in that city to open it up we can open it up and have people from that city realize that we came there and maybe make them look and build a community there that's why we're doing this so。

For God's sake， take advantage， okay， I know， okay， yeah， and we'll you at the LA free tour。Okay。

 and I'm from a small town so that's what I'm passionate about you know I'm not a small town you know from Ottawa Kingston so you know it's not like these aren't like humongous cities。

 so yeah okay the alcohol bit is called the truth about game and alcohol Okay how do you make your ex how do you make okay look how do you get a girl to forget about our ex boyfriend boss the fuck up。

Okay， boss up you want to be the kind of guy where she's automatically forgetting about her exes like she like like I want to be the kind of teacher where you're not sitting there dreaming about the other teachers because i'm providing for your knees that's the goal I might not be doing that I might be making you miss her other teacher look for other teachers but my goal is to come at you like that for people that love our stuff they feel that way I think。

😡，I hope so that's the idea with the girls right is like you want to be coming at them in a way where they're。

ThereIt's just so much value there they're like God， thank God， I got out of that， Okay。

 that's how you want to be thinking about It's a larger question right it's not like like。😡。

All right， guys， are you ready for the ex boyfriend destroyer technique？

You're going to go into her mind and you're going to say， look at me。You got哇。Ex boyfriend， big gone。

 Look， he's gone。 You can't see anything。 You can't see him anymore。

 And now you focus on me to me Look at me。Its only on'm here， it's just me。It's just me and you。

 there's no other teacher or boyfriend。你 hear look at weird。Milk there given strands of hair units。

I could eat it milk at me。Now he's gone。あ。😮，あ。W from me on okay。

I had to look I got inbellishious shit to get it like there's no magic pill， okay。

 unless I mean unless that really does get rid of him， it might， okay， it might so。嗯。All right。

 so now that I'm officially I can retard。Guys are like like oh those plug， okay so。Okay， oh yes。

 we have we have a crinkly water bottle that keeps turning okay， To give us the magic。

 but we did that was the magic pill， that was it。We just did it Okay okay one last there's a question there。

 How do you explain RRC to a feminist look， What is a feminist， You're a feminist， I'm a feminist。

 Do you agree that women should have equal rights to men Do you agree that women should not be discriminated against do you agree that women should not be assaulted or you know just deal deal with crude sexual freaky shit that traumatizes them Do you agree with that。

 do you believe that women are as intelligent as men in areas where they're experts and a mans an expert。

 they both put an equal area， that's called being a feminist Now feminist if you believe in that then that's cool I make these videos because a lot of the time women choose the wrong guys and I believe that we're making more great guys for them to meet and choose now if the feminists is somebody who believes in creating a situation where men are in a situation where they。

Not being treated fairly and that they are just all big predator jerks just waiting to do something bad and that men should be shamed and that they're naughty little creatures and they're disgusting and things like that well then I wouldn't even try to explain RsD to someone in that freedom of mind and nothing that I would say would ever make them change their mind would we know that no different than if I were to go onto a online forum。

😡，And be like， you know， you know， find a troll and be like， hey， Mr a troll。Hey miss tro。

 you don't get it， we're pretty cool， we're doing good stuff did you see my little move I's knock going to be like。

 wait a minute。Hero was about to sit here masturbating in my mom's basement playing world of Warcraft and needing cheetos and typing low vibrational commentss and you would like me I'm ready to change right。

 you're not gonna see that that's not reality okay people change when they're ready to change So don't worry about look you don't need to convince anyone anything Any who honestly wants to learn the type of stuff we learn here they can researching it's online。

 but you'll notice that even back in that Julian thing they're going through videos like videos like how to be sincere。

😡，I'm talking to women， how to be authentic， you know why is it that everybody has value and then they're cherrypicking little quotes out of it that are for the most part jokes like like let let's talk about like what would be really fucked up to say as a joke and then taking that joke in quoting as if that's what we're teaching So those were not people like those people they saw the videos they never had an interest in balance story they're just troublemakers and that's what they do And you know what it's kind of fun being one of those people when you're teenager So let them do it。

 It's not a big deal don't don't try to convince people that don't want to be convinced Here's the better question。

 how can you better serve people that are into what you do How can you better serve people that appreciate you How can you actually do the best job that you can for the girls that want to date you how can you do a great job and cred dude for a girl that isn't you rather than obsessing over some girl that's not returning your fucking text who doesn't get you doesn't get what you have in mind doesn't want you because she's not meant for you So my job is not to say they're convincing like the whole world like。

😡，Being a pimp， okay， that's not in any way shape or form my job。

 my job is to find guys that get it that realize what we're doing here and to serve them as best I can and to have the women in my life who like what I have to offer because many don't。

 but to find the women in my life who do like what I have to offer and just do an awesome thing and put a shoe on your head。

Put a shoe on my head to prove， okay， I'll put a piece of floss no the it's not recorded。All right。

 so anyway。Now and the worm dance， I'm look at me， I have I'm a video with a kid putting a thing on me。

Thank you， thank you， Mi， saved it again， he saved Glen one saved this one。

Toyler was fuck up until that shoe came on。 All right， let me also talk about the Glen。

 Okay I' gotta talk to you guys about that。 Okay so Glenn is by far my most important coaching a long time。

 now you guys who are used to getting coaching from me。

 I do YouTube okay I'm mean YouTube I understand that in the case of Glen he's not used to that Now let me say another thing for people that charge hundreds of dollars an hour if I say to them。

 hey， dude， can you do a free talk for my list， there's no reality or I can't say by the way。

 don't ever mention your products or services just sit here for hours talking to the group。

 but don't mention anything So anytime that I ever get an expert realize look I tell them give your best content。

 give them good stuff and if you want to make mention your products or services go take advantage anybody that takes Glen course。

 it's incredible but let me say something I've got to let him do his work and a quick other thing about that in the tribe itself okay if because some guys were like okay I didn't like the Glen pictures products and service or maybe they didn't feel like gave enough content or whatevers a。

😡，hings。 So one is， are we gonna have Glenn back on to get more releases Okay so we talked to Glenn about coming back on and doing the actual releases because I think some people felt like it was like he showed the problem。

 but they want to see more of the types of releases that。

 So we're gonna bring them back on okay so that's one thing that we're doing。

 But the best way to get in touch with me about that is don't like the tribe is meant to be fun right we got to be like yo we're on the fucking tribe together and we're like fucking clowning and joking together having fun it's not meant to be a customer service channel because now the tribe gets fucked up and it's not fun to read So it's not that I might it being broadcast if some guy wants want something new just hit up customer service。

 you don't think that a guy with like my type of vibe and energy。

 you don't think that I'm trying to get customer see what's in the customer service and improve of course I am so hit me up in there now what we have is the fun tribe the vibe's going up and up and then customer service actually improve it So what we're doing with Glen what I've asked him in response to the customer service request was to bring him back and do the releases。

 But I gotta say something if he comes back and does that。😡，Give the guy fucking break。

Because now he's come back on twice and expect though like make me feel at ease that if I want to bring on like fitness trainers or people that trade in other stuff that they're comfortable to mention their products or services because that's how I get them to come unless you want me to just pull out stack here's 2000 bucks could you do it and then don't say anything and that's dumb because actually the products and services that they're mentioning are good these are guys that are teaching incredible stuff that I've personally vetted guy like Glenn I've been watching what he's teaching for a long time the challenge with Glen is he's a little bit more Fufo than where I'm at with some of his beliefs about energy and yet as long as you could actually just take use your common sense and see the gist of what he's teaching that is fucking incredible completely changed my life around and if you see me in a better mood in the past year or two why do you think that is because I worked on it with coaching I'm invested in myself that's just a sidephon but we get all the customer service I just wanted to mention that okay books in your early 20s way the Superor Man's key the basics of Tony Robbins basis of Ehar Toll3 An ran if you want to learn about hustling reading。

Soby Timothy S Grover's incredible power versus horse I think that's all really good and oh by the way question about Glen he doesn't do social media because he's a private coach in Beverly Hills dealing with fucking rich people and basically that's what he's dealing with out here okay that's like that's the idea of it okay but yeah no he'll be dope he'll be do we' get him back on here。

Okay， now show me， show me my heads on fire， but not with an extinguisher to no us right。All right。

Okay， core principles of life looked there' just so many of them Okay。

 like like so a lot of time would all do， I think you have like chicks hitting you up on this messenger by the way。

 Okay， so okay so。can you win your ex back if she's with the little guy。

 Why do you want to win your ex back， You had the experience you hit it， move on。

 She should be try to win you back motherfucker， What are you thinking， move on。

 go hit it somewhere else， Okay， you're a man。 go look。

 build your empire Get with hotter girls become more happy。

 more positive and post a shit on your social media and she'll crawl back like every X I've ever had。

 you think my problem after all the shit I've done is like like my ex still won't call me back or return my calls。

 No they're like God， that party looks amazing。 can I come to it。 Are you mad at me for leaving you。

 That's what you want， You don't do it by begging back。 It doesn't work。 Okay。

 is it is it cool to approachach women by couldn't catch down so on。😡，Okay。

 what do I think of gaming girls and boyfriends It's a great question right， I mean， look。

 nobody wants to game and girl the boyfriend husband。 It's wag。 nobody wants to do that。

 But here's a challenge。 A lot of girls say I've have a boyfriend as an initial blowoff but they don't have a boyfriend So it's up to you to stick in there and find out right because if every girl that ever just said out a boyfriend you left you'd be leaving like tons of different girls So it's like if I've got a girlfriend and cheats on me。

 I not like the man is at fault。 she was just an innocent victim in this cheating and the man's game was so amazing that she couldn't stop herself。

 No， look the your girlfriend's job is to not cheat on you。

 she shouldn't even be out in environments where she's liable to cheat and likewise if she's into that guy she's not cheating So my view is like of course I don't want to do that but I also realize that know things just fucking happen right。

It not nice appreciate the props on Glen by the way。

 I thought that'd be cool because he was I thought of that idea for bonus， by the way。

 because he had a tiny segment in his one video in this panel video Yeah。

 he's wearing with this red shirt and everybody was like， oh。

 I want to learn more from I want to learn more from So that was a cool special bonus beulated Ho Thats what we're give you idea Oh yeah so core universal principles just going through a few few different things。

 we're gonna wrap up shortly by the way core universal principles。 So the idea of that is that。

Like guys will think that like there's these 13 principles that Owen's referring to Why does he just tell them look dude。

 core universal principles are just anything that you yourself can see is an overarching law of the world that when you align with that your life goes better and that overarching law of how the world works manifests in a number of different ways so what's happening is like you know the law of abundance we could apply that to so many areas or like the law of clear intention and how that manifests right the law of freedom from outcomes so you know and there's a number of these and you'll keep identifying them throughout your life it's neat right so the more that you do it oh Tre you need to write a book。

 by the way， reason don't do a book is super time consuming okay check this out。

Do I wish I had a book Yes of course but do I also want to have a stack of great videos come out this year Do I also want to do great missions videos for the Hase to home team do I also want to be doing videos conferences like this for people at Hose to home do I also want to maybe make you know future pros you things like that so everything comes at a cost right so if I could clone myself make him write a book I would do it but written word is very long to do try to execute it before I fail pretty miserably but I can write and at some point we probably try to do a book at some point and it'll be cool but just realize that like you know you lose other shit right like so that's kind of how it goes okay now's like write a book or write。

All right， this feels like I'm fucking on a periscope， okay so。

A night after breaking down your stick points Julian talks a lot about that and shift I think and he has a lot of content that he put online for free about that okay is how to think about your night one thing that by the you might want to try doing is iPhone yourself in your own this' very very powerful rock out you know if you do have a joy or whatever a smartphone of the camera and actually see what you look like very very powerful another big thing by the way is and this is also very very big is。

I'll going to okay I see a few things oh by the way Elliot's book King yeah I have that like sitting on my shelf somewhere that around here we give a little shout out to Elliot if he was here I don't know there's the other house there's like way too many books here Okay so yeah。

 no I'm incredibly excited to read Elot's and when that book came out。

 I also didn't post videos for a long time so that was kind of the other thing I was saying about now the other thing okay so going back into let me see here。

Hit me up with the more questions if you guys were repeating the questions so I forgot a little bit。

How long is Glen pro up， I don't know， he'll ask him when he comes back。

 I'll give him another teleconference with the releases。Gooddvice for high school student join a kid。

Or Ausie's book physical game is Dope， I agree okay the idea of being engaged okay so want that I'm guessing that comes from what I said earlier that if I had one advice for my sons it'd be for them to be engaged that means that they're engaged with their work look even if they're not making a lot of money I don't care if they're not crushing with girls I don't care if they're not doing big world changing things I don' fuck about that what I care about they're engaged with what they're doing because look I mean you could say I'm disengaged like you can say anybody's disengaged like oh On runs RsD well he's disengaged because he's not like you know fighting a continent wide doing a continent wide malaria charity in Africa he's just teaching guys to meet girls right so you could say that about anything like anybody can say that you're playing at a low level the point is what is a high level for you or you feel engaged or passionate about it now by the way there's another question on the idea of how do you find your passion I have a book called how to find a video how to find your purpose and 50 min or less So on YouTube go look it up the idea being try a lot of different stuff and then see what you click in with and when you click in with it fucking Go for it。

and then let's see what else here do a couple other things open relationships look there's a lot of a lot of girls that are into it and there's one not you don't need to struggle those not into it into it。

Techniques getting out of your head the beginning of the night watch the video the six steps。 Okay。

 watch the fucking six as video there's two that they're really good。

 Okay I' in my opinion and I forgot to tell you Miami that you may use my Thank you I appreciate that that was a very cool journal that you gave me was really crazy to look at it and just catch a couple more questions here if you're a deep introverted personality connect people doing this course that's idea's a broad but have a better one how do you yourself from falling back into persona interact with go out a I fall fucking persona yo I've like all shit or master。

 I've just from where I was at I think my improvements pretty cool but I struggle I'm not the fucking perfect fucking person being authentic。

 you'll see me put up personas or get nervous or track in my head I can be doing like interviews with people I fucking sweating or get nervous everybody has that shit。

 So the thing is like you just try to improve as best you can You just do as best you。

And like like push yourself hard and have high citations， but have compassion on yourself。

 like sometimes I think I think with me。People are almost more fascinated。

With my ability to accept my failures and to accept my shortcomings or to accept my rejections than my actual success and in a way that's kind of true right it's like what's impressive with what i've done is not that my results are so great it's that。

😡，I've improved my results dramatically from where I'm at。

 but I've also come into a feeling of peace with my shortcomings or failures or weirdness or。😡。

Ticks or whatever you want to call them and i'm not even in perfect alignment with those And I accept that too。

 So that's kind of just how it goes right and look your whole life you're improving and then you're dead at the end of it。

 So enjoy the process of getting better that's whole idea when you become this perfect person it's not easy to make you automatically happy okay and I'll just catch a couple other。

😡，How long do you wait or how long do you hold the frame of a girl wants to wait for sex as much as you like her man。

 if you enjoy hanging out her。Hang out her if you're bored。

 you just want sex in just bounce and she's doing that as a screen she's doing that because she wants to know if you're into。

 However， if you feel like you're being screwed around that's different if you're being using an emotional tampon right there's a flip side of that I it cool to approach girls in a from behind the loud environment I let your purse on the front or I go tap tap off to the side How do you have a woman understand that sex and no big deal why have that funny stuff that you saw me do earlier where I'm going wacky and crazy Gu what that is for。

Okay。😊，And what else I'd say？How do you trust in the universe？Well， I don't know。

Because you get me right universal can be fucked up but you try to have trust and play off the power self and pro I think we're pretty good that's going be yeah am I going to bring experts and I start a business and've done that before retire tie and also I'd like to do certain things How do you see the poll you continually。

Do things to put it in her head that you're going to be going somewhere cool soon。

And let's see anything else。I think that's pretty good purpose for women how do you balance both I'd say that that comes down to。

Yeah， I mean ultimately your purpose has come before women but you want to include women too Okay Michael anything else to add to this or good okay。

 I hope that you guys are enjoying the host at home we the advanced Princips video coming out this week it was a pleasure to interact with you'm always try to do my best that's the best I got。

And now I'm going to be going to check in actually on the advanced Pri video and see if it uploaded properly definitely check back within 24 to 36 hours it' will be up and we'll continue the missions please do the missions we made this tribe for a reason we kind of drip the content out for a reason to ensure that you will engage Thank you for supporting the hotse at home enjoy the tribe really more than anything what you got out of this ist not know getting to watch hot seat videos or missions videos it's the tribe okay really what you bought here was the tribe the group of people were supported you guys that bought this and supported this we'll have a0 times a better result then even if somebody watched their friends videos or something like that because we're here as a group we're here as a team or supporting each other we all in this together for you guys who attended the hot seat transformational experience live Thank you very much you also had an experience there that carried you a long way and in fact anybody who's doing the at home version I'd urge you to come out to a live version of the hot seats a very beautiful experience a lot of fun。

And for those of you that have done the live experience you might even want to check the at home version so that you can actually watch it on demand and you can join up with the tribe and the group and do the missions of whatnot so it's kind of fun for both thank you guys very very much I appreciate you more than you can ever imagine we're gonna really kick as we're going to the later 50% of the host I hope that you've enjoyed what you've seen so far got some really cool surprises coming so that's it I'm out here back to work I'll be back to serving you with the videos that we have coming on and I'll see you soon。

Pace。