# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：01第一周 核心原理：02.金发妹子实战解析_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

You， you。了。I saw you Oh yeah， I had to tell you， I missed you。I miss you， too。

 Where have you been all my life。 don't right。 Okay， now what I say， I saw you。

 and I had to tell you， I missed you。 It's just some silly line。 It's just stupid。

 And you see how easily she just comes in smoothly。 I love that。 Just in smooth。 You just， it's like。

You want her to come。 The intention is pure and she comes。

 I talk about that lot in clarity and intent because your intent is clear。 your intent is。

 I want you to come over to have some fun。They're out for it。

 If your intent is I'm scared you're going to reject me， but I'll try to pull you over。

 then she's going to reject you。That's the division Union Pro and amateur。I'm going to the bathroom。

But I'll be back。 She says， I'm going to go to the bathroom， but I'll be back。

 So she's in a thought loop right now。 Her thought loop is， I got to go to the bathroom。

So I want to allow that thought loop to play itself out。But then to flip it around。

 So what I do is I agree， let the thought loop run his course。

 And then I say a line that will trigger her to want to come back for validation。装啊。

Its niceice to meet I'm not going to kiss you to be gross。Here。I I go to Huger while talking Now。

 while talking her logical mind is engaged。 So she's not like， why am I hugging a guy just met。

 but you're escalating while engaged in logical mind。 physically， she wants to escalate。

 She wants to escalate physically。 She likes you。 But logically， she's not quite ready。

 So if you talk while escalating the emotional mind is in operation and the logical mind is just talking to you。

 Do you fall that say that you go to move a girl with you。 and you're like， anyway， you know。

 I went to Argentina。 this and this happened while you put out your hand you start moving her。

 that part of her mind that Wait a minute。 We just meant， should I move yet。😡。

That's no need because it's engaged with the story of Argentina。 But emotionally。

 she wants to go with you because emotionally， when you pull her hand， she wants to go。 So she'll go。

 So if I'm like， I am taking you here now， I'm taking you here。 You're engaged in logical mind。

 If you're like Argentina， they got these funny accents。 like， Chay Cha like that as you go to move。

 it is so smooth。😡，You guys all want to be smooth。 want to be smooth。

 So understand her subjective experience and work within a framework that makes her feel good while you're being fucking smooth。

 Don't be clunky。 You're picking up a cat。 You're not picking up a plate。😡，She's not a plate。

 she's a cat， she's a kitten， to grab jarringly a kitten plate， you just fucking grab it。

Here's a plate， a kit and you just move it， you make it feel good while you're doing。

 maybe you pet it as you move it。We can't pedigres you， that'd be strange。Maybe you could。

 I don't know， but you could talk， you talk as you move。 Yeah， be too weird。 Yeah。

 that'd be really weird。That feels amazing， but I'm not on access right now。

 I just came that from ultra。Oh did you。Mi with I did I was a Miami for five weeks wow。

This tie is cool， I don't take ice though。Because I'm talking when I go to kiss， what happens。

 you catch that？Okay you go thought' funny that you mentioned having。Then she's like， wait a sec。

 and just kiss a guy that I've known for fucking 56 seconds。 No， it doesn't count。 It's just a tip。

 So what happened there is I say she's like， wait a sec。 now do I say， no， no， it's okay。

 It's okay to kiss。 Kising you super cool。 Do I do that。I make a joke。 If I make a joke。

 I say it's just a tip， she finds that funny。 if she doesn't find that funny。

 She should be even more piss。 But because she finds that funny， you can read her sense of humor。

 You know what kind of goofy kind of sense of humor she has you can， you can vibe it out。

 So because of that， I say it's just a tip。 She laughs。 And then it kind of feels good。

 And then it's okay， which just happened。 But if I， if I'm like creepy about it。 then it's not okay。

 which just happened。 That's why being fun and playful is so important in game。 You know。

 what's crazy， I'll do a free tour where I make everybody laugh for a couple hours。

 Just have so much fun freely with no script。 And guyssh like， when do I get to learn about the game。

 I'm like。A million amateur pickup teachers can come up and regurgitate a bunch of techniques to you that they themselves are not living。

 How many teachers can come up and have a free fun time and laugh with the whole room improvised。

 You just saw it an action。 You just saw an action， but you don't get it。 You're like， no。有。

Picking up cannot be fun， it's a war。😡，It's amazing how that work。 So don't。

 don't think it's just a technique。 It's the fun man。 It's the fucking fun， okay。😡，It's just a tip。

That don't have you要 check it out。You don't think。How old are you？A is just a number。I love that。

 How old are you。 Age is just a number。 What does that mean。She's how qualify。 I'm the old man。

 I'm the old ballman。 She's a hot 21 year old。 Who should be the one feeling secure。

 Who should be the one making excuses for it。She should be secure。 She's a goddess in her prime。

 I'm the old man。 And yet it's amazing how that flips when she's attracted to you。 I not。Jail bait。

 a jail bait， little girl， look at this little body huh？I can work with that I。 I go to kiss。

 and even the slightest negative reaction， I just pick her up and spin her to make her laugh。

 Look at her big， open smile。😊，Like that， right。 So I understand， change your mood on your mind。

 I'm not this amateur that's like， negotiate largest size， convince self quality。 like what， what。

What what is that going to do？How's that going help you， How's that moving you forward。

 It's moving you backwards， The fun is moving you forward。

 That's why it's important to be fun in game you move forward。 and they just laugh and they love it。

😊，I really like10 fucking bam again and she goes to kiss because I'm talking as I'm going to kiss。

 so she goes to kiss and then she's like wait a minute， what the fuck。

But it's okay because she's still in me in classing me hugging me right， if it was a real not cool。

 then you stop that behavior immediately， no Bu knows at all。 no， no， no， no， hell hells， no。😡，🎼Has。

 no， okay， But as long as she's laughing with you， smiling， big eyes， hugging you， clasping onto you。

 then it's like you could play。 Okay， Stop being a fucking bra。 I love to that big smile。

 I say stop being a fucking bra。 And she's just laughing and just having so much fun。 Oh really。

 I don't drink I'm anerd like I'm embarrassed by my nerd actually My version of drink like green tea。

😊，🎼Well， that sounds like a great fucking time to like a dark chocolate like chocolate bar or something like that。

 I like that chemistry。 D by contact up close。 You got to understand。 I'm in a loud club here， right。

 You don't see it because the mic is picking it up really well。 But I mean this crazy fucking club。😡。

So that's why I love this physicality taking place because it's a madhouse in there。

 There's so much going on。 I don't think I'm the dark chocolate you're looking for。Sorry。

Pretty white。No， a dark chocolate chocolate bar like cacao if you eat like a 85% cacao bar you put gets between the Rojabu。

Yes， like from Who Food that'll be our first date I want to take you to Whole Food for that first date I actually love eating your Who Food so that sounds really fun。

 you really I do how will you tell me the truth I'm really 2020 Yeah I'm reporting you。Oh my god。

 naughty and naughty girl old are you 33 you're such an old man I know you can be my father。

 I know say it say daddy， daddy， you taking a hold through daddy。No。

 because that's where I actually ask my dad that all the time。Just like got too really daddy。

 I w to hope。 How awesome is that。 It's epic。 Al right， What I tell you about the dad thing earlier。

 You see， the only difference in my game since I got older and bolder and even more out of shape is that girls like me more and occasionally。

 this dad thing comes up。 That's the only difference in my game， Basically just like， as it like。

 what happens is you get super old。 Like， like， does it go bad note， just basically。

 you just like get better results and occasionally。

 some reference to a dad occurss between open to sex。😊，Very sexy， and didn toy drew man。right now。

I have been a bit。I can say no to you and actually mean it You know what。

 I just run the I don' I can keep my car in my。I'm very that tongue of the。M not perfectly like that。

没？H very high。加团。Yeah hell babies。You are just so resilient， aren't you？

I'm trying to go to the bathroom in this floor right here， give me your and I'll let you go。

All right， I'll give you my number I get know if I keep doing that here。You got， you know me。

You'reing I relate like I've time a lot of what I'm doing here。

 the best word says after say this after me， assume familiarity， say that。🎼Assume familiarity。 Okay。

 so when you when in your mind， you already know her that's so powerful。 Whereas most guys。

 it's like assumed unfamiliarity and weirdness。 Yeah， give me your number， give me。 All right。

 if I give you my number like。You can' like my face are that， okay。What's that。

 you can' lick my face again if I give you my number。 Okay， okay， okay， okay， okay。我想。Okay。

 my names Don。Okay， so I want to tell you something， okay。

 so I'm the type of like if I become her boyfriend。

I'm the type of guy I know it's getting a bit ahead okay。

 but I'm the kind of guy where like I would take you for dinner too like I you'll be out of macetros with us。

Okay I this like you know the spice girl， I'm 33 so I'm old。

 so I's like the spice roll they like you had to care about the girl's friends Can I borrow her for two seconds with bigger numbers？

Two seconds do you want to me murder？Okay， now this is tricky， right， The friends will come in。

 see that their friends emotions are shooting up and then try to block it。 Now。

 what does it tell you about women's psychology， if friends feel the need to stop girls from going home with guys。

 What it tells you is that women enjoy sex。 but that they get shame for by men so that they have to stop their friends from taking action that later they can get judge for。

 So they're trying to protect their friends's reputation。

 But what that tells you is that ultimately women's natures that enjoy sex， just like men do。

 men don't want to realize that， though， men want to judge women or think that they're you know different from us。

 But women enjoy sex a lot。 And that's why the friends have to be like， slow down， slow down。

 So it's nice when you see the friends come in。 you have to be proactive and take control of that。

 right So when I see friends come in like could I have it for just a second。

 there's a lot of different directions I can go， I'll show you different ones。

 But the idea being that if I can just say could I have it for a second。 And she says， sure。

 that's nice because now everybody likes each other。 everyone that's fun。 What is it。That's like。

Yeah。yeah， y' text tonight it's like good I am okay， you're free come and eat dinner with us okay。

 okay。Every number that you see me getting， I'm seating for possible meetups。

Numbers are not the end outcome。 Numbers are possible meetups。So what I'm doing is I'm seating。

 seeing if I can get it right then in there。 But the average girl。

 can she just bounce from all our friends and take all that judgment and go sex。

 You write that in there。 I mean， they could， but most won't do it。 But some will。

 some will particularly if it's two guys， two girls。

 or if you move a party of them that I do that a lot， know， things like that。 earlier in the night。

 I get countless little numbers just like this。 I get tons of them， tons upon tons upon tons of them。

 And then what I do is I call them all later。 and then I have options with those girls。

 and and then I'm looking for girls that are pollable and you'll see the ones that are pollable and then you wind up taking those girls。

 So you're always racking up lots and lots of numbers。 and you get less lots of polls。

 and you're always just moving girls through this kind of。😡，Interaction that you've created。

 And it's not just something you do。 It's something you are。 It's an expression of self。

 And then your're dating like goes through the roof。

 So I'm pretty passionate about this because as you can see， this is very replicable。

 There's nothing that I did here that you can't do。😊，You can absolutely do it。

But sometimes unless you've seen it done， you can't buy in。

 So a lot of just seeing something simple like this。 They're like， oh， wait a minute。

 I could do this。 F this shit。 Of course， I could do this。 And you buy in。

 That's why I wantan to wash a lot of clips today， because then the more that you see。

 the more that this becomes normal。 The purpose here in the hot seat again。

 is to show you how to do it step by step， that's why we're seeing every little element of calibration。

And what to do， it's also to make you aware of the woman's reaction。 So you have awareness。

 And then to get you to buy in。 So you're super motivated to go out and do this。 Okay。

 do you guys feel like you've accomplished that today。How much， okay， that's pretty good。Thank you。

 so that's why we do that now。At this point， we've been through video。 You've seen video after video。

 But I want to wire it into you。 So what we're gonna do is we're gonna quickly。

 You guys want to take a quick bathroom break。 Don't waste time， Don't take long。

 Don't fuck your fucking phones。 Let's do this shit。 Okay。

 and we're gonna do some exercises to help wire this into you and challenge you a little bit because I want you not just to intellectually understand it。

 I want you guys to be doing it。😡。