# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：03第三周 任务2：2如何拥有无限话题 Mission 2【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

诶y。It's O and we're back with the second hot seated home mission I've been gaming really hard all week here in Miami South Beach and so my voice has blown to crap but I wanted to wait until I had some feedback from the first mission in order to customize the second mission to you and address some sticking points that you might have so first before we go into this week's mission for Ho seat at home what I'd love to do is actually address whatever it was that I saw going on last week in the first mission and I would say that unanimously the biggest surprise for me was that a lot of the feedback was that the first week's mission was hard。

And just to know help you to recall the first week's mission in case you forgot。

 it was to go up and speak with certainty and emotion。

Really about things that weren't all that important， right。

 So if I were know just talking about the fireplace right here。

 we could be talking about this fireplace with extreme certainty and emotion about the fireplace right now and go up to people and just practice that。

 And the reason why that's so important is that unless you have that ability to speak with certainty and draw people in So they're being LED by you。

 And you have the ability to speak with emotion So that people are actually feeling things when you're talking to them。

 typically， it'll be very difficult to go out into high stimulus environments or there's lots of girls。

pull their attention over， make them feel emotions so they want to go with you so you can take them home。

 It's just harder to do。 There's certainly guys that are monotone who can do that。

 There are some who can do it。 I'm not saying otherwise， but it's an important skill set to have。

 And the thing that surprised me。 and I think it's very important to address。

 and I'm saying this in a very， I want to say in a sharing way and a non-judgmental way to help you is that the feedback was it's a hard mission And there was also feedback that it was a lot of approaches now。

That concerns me because it really shows the gap between the culture that I had when I first came into the success with women community compared to the culture now now I'm gonna give a little bit of background here and just help you to understand it and I think that when you understand it it's really gonna open your eyes okay so when I got into the community basically there was a rule and you might have heard me talk about this in other videos where I said the rule was you had to field test everything before you made a comment on it and so you know people might come in and say what would happen if you did this what would happen if you did that or I think this or I think that and the feedback they get is RtFM。

 which is read the fucking manual or DFS do a fucking archive search and then anytime that somebody you know had an idea about something that wasn't tested。

 people would say go field test it why aren't you field testing it。So。

In the culture that I came from that I came up in in the community， we went out a lot。 Okay。

 it was just， it was understood that just like kids who play hockey all day after school or you know。

 kids that go skateboarding after school all day or play basketball all night like。

 you know when schools out on the weekends， we went out like crazy。

And we did this because we understood that to be able to have intimate relationships with the most incredible women in the world was a privilege。

 a true joy of life， something amazingly fun， and that would be a motivation for massive transformation。

 So knowing that we ourselves would transform。 We build social skills， confidence。

 an incredible lifestyle to a lot of fun joy， adding value， sharing love with people。

 sharing social lives with people， just having the blast， just knowing that possibility。

 we were always so motivated to just go out and crush it。 I mean， you can hear my voice right now。

 this is not the voice of a guy that's been sitting in front of a couch。 Okay， you know。

 think my mom's basement。 you know， I'm out there。 I'm out here in South Beach right now。

 one of the most beautiful place in the world， meeting some of the most beautiful women in the world。

 I mean， we're just how to hear the fireplace a few minutes ago with some incredible girls and you know。

😊，That's what it's all about okay， so you've got to get out there and do this now 10 approaches a day。

That's not a lot。Okay， now it's only a lot because the YouTube community is much。

 much softer than the hardcore underground community that I came from， which is hard fucking core。

 okay， and if you see the vibe that I have， and that energy that's contained within my you know。

 socially retarded brain you see the intensity that I'm bringing to this。

That was bred into me in the original community。So if you want to be a part of that。

 like this is why we built this tribe， okay， if you want to be a part of that。

 expect to be going out。Expect to be meeting girls， expect to be doing approaches not fucking hard。

 why the fuck is it hard？What do we teach you nai to home， what you learn in the exercise segment。

 everybody's your friend。It's only hard if it's a threat。Everybody's your friend to go play with。

 share the sharing frame， the friendship frame， add value。Do you see what I saying here。

 so that was a major feedback that I saw this week。You it reminded me yeah。

 the community is a softer place now and what I'd encourage you to do is to get back into that core vibe of the original community and go hard fucking core。

 Now what we're going to do this week is we're going to go into our next exercise and the reason that we're going to be starting with these exercises is that I want to build each skill set。

One at a time， okay， so again， just to remind you。Watching this video itself。It's cool。

 but there's a million videos you can watch。 Do there so many videos that you can watch on this planet。

 you don't need one more video。 Okay， what this is about is the tribe itself。

 This is about the fact that you can be hitting me up on text message as a part of the group。

And getting my feedback live， okay， like I want you to be hitting me up on telegram。

 hitting me up on Facebook， you know if this video comes out in future incarnations？

That in whatever app we're using。And I want you to get my feedback。

 I want you to post and get other people's feedback， I want you to share and want you to be engaged。

So engage with me okay， you're part of a tribe now， you're part of a group， you got me on text。

 You got me there on Facebook， I've been looking at what you're doing post what you're doing so that I can give feedback through these videos or on Facebook we're part of a group now we're doing this together okay you joined the Hani do home not just to get another video you joined this to do it together okay and this is gonna be a great program and I've got a lot of surprises and so for you so you know the videos have been starting trickle out you're probably wondering how it's gonna be and you know I go hard just like how I go hard and game I go hard with videos that I do and there's a lot of surprises coming So get pumped up。

And what we're doing right now is we're building the base level skill sets， Okay。

 so what I'm going to address here。Is the next step that we're going to take on top of the first layer。

 The first layer we talked about how to speak with conviction and emotion and what I want to do now is get into one of the most important skill sets。

 which is free association。 Okay so a major understanding that I want to convey to you when explaining free association and how to talk and talk is that a major role that women play in our lives is to make us have a lot of fun and let me give an example of that and I'll explain to you why it's important to learn how to free associate because I think that unless you understand why women want us to do this and why they want to s one we can feel resentful about what I'm about to teach you so I think when I explain that you're gonna to a lot better about it okay so I come back here and I'm just sitting here at this cool little area and my camera team。

They're actually surrounded by a bunch of hot girls that happen to be here。

And they're doing this silly thing where they're going oh like that I guess I don't know if they saw it in the Hase home video funny enough but you know and they' got all these like hot girls push up like oh like this you know。

 and then you know they're kind of like putting on funny accents and making little jokes up and things like that and next thing you know the girls are kind of like lying beside all them and actually' just you know kind of a lot of fun and。

It's just like these fun moments that add up in success women in games。 so to speak。

 that for me make it so worthwhile。 So， of course， I love to have a girl you know。

 in a sexual situation that looks like a porn movie， I'll be doing that in a couple hours。

 I have a girl coming over。 I love that， I really enjoy that。 But when I think about it。

 the fun that I even had here with the girls that we had here。 you know。

 which will kind of lead up to a girl who's joining me in my opinion is actually even hotter than all them。

 they're all really hot。 But you know it's a girl who's meeting up to me on purpose is' a very beautiful girl。

 The fun that I'm gonna have that really beautiful girl and we have sex in a couple hours。😊，Yeah。

 I'm psyched about it， but I had just as much fun girls here。DoesThat makes sense。

 And the reason why is because the girls， their role is to make you have fun。

 We would never make little jokes like oh， or， you know， like， I mean， it's just stupid， right。

 but it's like， it actually makes like beautiful。 Okay， we'd never make jokes like that。

 We'd never do funny little accents。 We'd never do all this funny stuff。 If it was just guys。

 If it's just dudes， we would just sit here just building stuff all day。 There'd be no point any。

 but just like now I have the shelter。Now， I'm the best at this。

Now we created this and it would be almost like。You know。

 some certain societies that you see were like guys just aren't that fun。 Okay。

 so I'm not naturally a fun guy。 But if you've ever seen me maybe up on stage cracking jokes or。

 you know， saying silly things or making them silly accents or singing or going crazy women。

We're the ones who actually condition me like that。 And that's why women。

 no matter how much they might frustrate you at times。 just like we frustrate them。

 they add so much of value into our lives。 Now， it's important to understand this because when I teach you how to free associate。

 A lot of your male mind may resist this。 And it resist it because you're like。

 why should I have to do this。 You know， what's the point of this。 Like， I've got a job。

 I'm a good man。 why she just rewarding the fun guy。 Why， And the reason why is because she's there。

 there's there's almost like a spiritual essence in her， whatever you want call I don't really care。

 But it says make the man have fun。 There's other things that her essence wants you to do as well。

 which we'll get into later。 But a major one is fun。 Okay， between good looks， money and fun。

 I'm telling you， man， a guy that's really fun in most cases。

 in environments where the girls are just trying to enjoy themselves。

 The girls are gonna reward the fun guy above those other two， Those things are you know。

Assets's just like fun is。 but man， fun， dude， you crush it。 I know for myself。

 You've been running a business now for over a decade and a half。

You'd never see me trying to demonstrate to a woman that I have financial success。

That certainly didn't come up here。 What I want to demonstrate is that I'm fucking fun。 Okay。

 and the girls just want to have fun， and they want to have sex and sex and the craziness and the passion and the wildness and the feelings and the touching and and just the claw and biting。

 licking and kissing and pounding and all that。 That's just an extension or climax of that fun。

 But the joking here is no different than。😊，That craziness at the end is just like a movie that ramps up and up。

 but what gives the climax of a movie the context？It's the fun， right， like think of the movie。

 the matrix， awesome movie， well， at the end of it。

When you see Canner Reves like you know blastes his hands through the bad guy's chest and fly up into the air。

 that's so meaningful because of the lead up so enjoy the lead up now what is the lead up Well。

 generally speaking， it is a lot of free association so what does that mean what is free association and how can you use that in your interactions with girls？

Okay， so free association is basically just a shift in your communication where instead of communicating with precision and being concise。

 you kind of go all over the place right so let's think back to how we're rewarded at our work。

In work， your boss or your team， they want you to be very precise， so there's no confusion。

 the information is really clear and they also want you to be concise because time is money and they don't want you wasting any of their fucking time that want to get to the fucking point。

 get to the point， be precise， get it clear， get it done。😡，That's how we typically do it。At work。

 but。With girls， it's not like that， right， with girls it's not about getting to the future。

And getting something done with girls， it's about the moment and feeling the moment fully and expressing the moment and express the moment。

 right， So think about sex。 sex like， get to the tity， get to the neck bite。 Get to pulling the hair。

 get to stroking， get to comingb。 just get to the come， get to the come， get to the come right。

 It's not like that。 It's actually about every moment of that sexual experience being felt。

Fully and putting yourself sort of into a trance almost。It's like emotionally charged trance。

 And what's cool is that women actually encourage us in our lives to do this。

 They encourage us to get into the moment。 They encourage us to have fun。

 I truly believe that women are put here on this earth to make men so much better and to make our life experience so much richer。

 And it's funny because in a lot of ways， I don't express that that often because I feel like。😊。

It sounds like the politically correct thing to say， like women have value。 And let's talk about it。

 And you know， sometimes I think people who don't even believe that just make stuff up to talk about women's value。

 just to kind of pander to like the mainstream narrative。 But to me， women are why I'm doing this。

 and the women in my life have encouraged me to get so much into the moment and has such a rich experience of life。

 And for that reason， I'm forever grateful。 Now， here's why I bring this up。 it's important。

The very big reason。 What most of us guys do is we actually get resentful about the fact that women have this role in our lives。

 So like， you know， say that， for example， you followed a lot of the mainstream narrative。

 which tells you， get a good job， you know， go to school or get social status or like whatever else。

 right。And what winds up happening is we go and we do these things。

 we hustle like a little hamster to do these things。To do what society tells us。

 And at the end of it， the girl just rewards some guy that's having a blast。

 just doing a crazy dance She goes home and has sex with that guy。

 and she doesn't have sex with you in spite of all these logical things that you work so hard to build for her。

 Well， what I found in my experience is that most of the really successful entrepreneurs that I know have wives or girlfriends that are not very attractive。

 I've just consistently seen that。 and they struggle to meet a new girl。

 whatever they have a divorce。 I've also consistently seen that。 I've also seen things like。

 you know， guys who study for years and years， you know。

 maybe they study medicine really struggle to meet women。

 So this whole stereotype of like a doctor or a lawyer crushing it with girls。

 in my experience that's not true because what winds up happening is they're in like this logical headspace。

 trying to figure out what to do as far as their studies and whatnot。

 and they're like that for so long that when they go to meet a girl。

 they're always trying to get to the future， It's like hand in the law paper。 you know。

 figure out the medical issue， figure it out， figure out the problem。

 like everything's a problem to be figured out what you're in that mindset。

So let's get you out of that right， so when we're free associating rather than viewing a pickup like this fucking problem that needs to be solved。

A pickup is actually a chance to be really rich in the experience of that moment， explore it。

 explore the feelings behind it， and allowing women to do what their job on this earth is for you to。

 you know for you， which is to make you have a really rich and emotionally charged and fun experience of life。

Again， why am I emphasizing this Because most guys are so bitter about having to learn to free associate to pick up a girl right it's like as a dude。

' like why can't I just go up， give my resume， show this girl who I am and show her logically why she should be with me We resent that app I mean。

Even if you're an advanced student in success of women。Me just repeating this to you。

 I bet you is a value， even me repeating this just to myself for what I next go out。Is a value， okay？

It's so important so free association， why are we doing it like this to get into the moment we're getting out of logic and going into the flow so instead of communication like this。

 it's more like，The communications just going all over the place。

 Let the communication be free and in your words as you're just saying something。

 maybe you associate to another thing or another thing it's fun is crazy right just like with sex or you're having sex with the groan and you start to do one motion another motion you explore it。

 You see to what extent you could expand it to right， it's just so fun That's why sex is fun。

We do this with free association。 Okay， so let's get down actually we're going to shoot down the ocean for a second and let's do this exercise。

 I want to break down this week's mission to you。 this is going to be your mission for this week。

 All right， here it is basically。What almost every guy that I see doing in their pickups with girls is is walking up and trying to logically convince her to like you。

 but what we're going to do here instead is something very different you're actually just going to walk up and fucking free associate and it's gonna be fucking rad okay here's how want you to picture it you're going walk up to girls all week you're going to do this。

And instead of going up trying to pick them up and make your fucking points。

 what you're going to do is you're going to go up and just straight free associates and you're going to free associate to the point that you're going to be afraid that you're never going to get late again doing this。

 okay that's what it's going to be like。😡，This is a fucking mission and we're going to fucking stretch you this week so here's how we're doing it walk up and do the exercise that we learned in the exercise segment of the Ha at home What does that mean you're going to walk up。

And you're going to just freeze associate along like the falling number one。

 do not associate off your environment and number two， do not associate off the previous word。

 so your environment would be like a wood plank on the ocean， fire pool hotel。Hedges restaurant。

 right， My three year old could do that My three year old literally does that when he does I'm impressed。

 I'm not going to be impressed if you do that。Likewise。

 though I also do not want you to associate off the previous words， don't go red， yellow， blue。

 green， orange， don't say sky cloud， airplane space， right， don't do that again。

 my throw could do that。What we're going to do instead is we're going to get into a meditative stick。

 get present with me。Let your mind calm down。Think of your mind like this river with a bunch of soot going on。

 there's a bunch of soot calm it down。If there's a bunch of soot floating around。

 like dirt floating around in the river， you're not going to calm that sit down by trying to shake it around right。

 you got to comment， let the soot。Go down until you're clear。

And I want you to think of this like the magic eight ball exercise。

 Imagine literally that this is a magic fucking eight ball that you're playing with here。

And you shake up the magic A ball and that's just you get your mind present and relax。

 and then you see what comes up。 Imagine if you're meditating， for example， when you meditate。

 probably words come into your mind， but you try to kind of like ignore them so to speak。

 let them float by and get present again in this case。

 rather than just letting the thought float by and getting present again like you would if you meditated watching my meditation video on YouTube if you haven't seen it get the idea of that rather than letting it pass by。

 you're gonna verbalize it Okay so let me give you an example。 I'm going to let my mind clear out。

Excitement。Yellow brick road。Italian。Huts with。Brick。Chhiimneys。Dog， waterfall。Airplane。Stream。

I almost said fish， but I won't say fish， don't get caught up on it， though don't say Ied it up。

 right， stream。Magic。Zy。Neon。Intense。Sexy。let the sit go down。Tornado。Sharpness， okay。

 what am I doing here， So I'm letting the mind calm down and letting it come up。

 This skill I've used countless times when having a nice， amazing girl just sitting in bell me。

 And rather than trying to convince her in a sex and try to make it this perfect thing。

 I just let my mind be so free。 I'm lying there with her and just say whatever comes to mind right。

 anything that comes into my mind。 And in that case I might be doing it sentences。 You know。

 it's like I could just be saying like。You know， the sky is in the air。The sky is in the sky。The sky。

Is it in reality the sky？Is us， the sky is you and I， the sky is here amongst us。

 The sky is a place where we will go。 The sky is a place we are。Racing。We'll race。

 we'll race faster and faster， we'll race so fast， we'll race slow， we'll focus on our race。

We'll pass people in our race。 We'll allow ourselves to be passed in our race。The race is one。

 just by being in the race。 The race is one by trying our best。 The race is one by going fast。

 The race is one。By enjoying the race， which is the race， which are you。What are you， who are you。

 Okay， what am I doing here right？I'm not quite that a logical embed。

 I would just actually talk about my life inbed， but I just let it come to me and what it does is it puts the girl in a kind of a flowy state and it's very powerful as far as foreplay's it's physically fucking foreplay when you're doing this it's beautiful when you fucking do this so again。

😡，You're gonna free associate And what I want you to do again for this week's mission is I want you to go out and just free associate with the girls Now what's gonna to happen is the girls are gonna to start laughing。

 what the fuck are you saying this doesn't make any sense but they're gonna start laughing And the reason why actually if you want to know is because you're not attempting to get rap them what you don't attempt to get report with a girl it typically creates attraction because it creates that approval seeking a emotion in her body So by communicating like that with the girl。

 It actually triggers her to realize that you don't care if you have approval or not and to seek your approval。

 That's what you're gonna find Now I'd like you to try for resociating at least for a minute for God's sake at least 30 seconds。

 but at least a minute to two minutes and you're gonna feel nervous because you're like I'm not saying these logical things to girl this week it's too crazy but don't worry about that it's just an exercise it's meant to stress you and show you specific skills So what you're gonna do is do it for say a minute or two or three or however however long you want I'd love do hear report about a guy pulling a girl doing this all the way but frankly。

 just do it until the girl wants to report you so bad and then you can give her some rapport。

Now what you may find ironically is that it works so well that when you actually give the girl rapport。

 she loses interest and we could talk a little bit more about why that happens in the future。

 but for now， what I'd say to you is that if you do go into report the girl still keep it leading sexy。

 good vibe but you can just be a little bit more logical because maybe you're gonna to get crazy attraction with some of these girls and you don't necessarily want to lose all them at the same time conversely what I'd like you to do this mission is to actually ride it out and see how far it goes and even if you met this incredible girl and she blows out。

 come from abundance and meet another girl Now I believe in you， I know that you can do this。

 and I'd like you to try this on at least 10 or 12 girls a day at very least like I said earlier。

 you might think this mission is hard， that's a perspective that I would challenge in you because I don't think that the perspective I don't think that the mission is that hard I think the perspective is a mistake okay。

Look at how we're doing this in layers。 Think about this for a minute。 Last week。

 we focused on speaking with certainty about what you want to talk about with the girl and speaking with emotion。

 having emotion in it so that she feels the emotion behind it， She feels emotion behind it。

 She feels emotion。 She feels emotion。 She feels emotion behind it。

 she feels emotion she feels certainty。 Why do you do that so you can walk up to a girl and speaking in a way that will lead her so she gets in the habit of being led by you from open all the way to the end of sex。

 but also so that she feels emotion because people go for what the emotionally like right Why do you pick up a cocacola instead of a vegetable juice because it gives you happy emotions。

 Girl are same So the first week， we've looked at how to build emotion and certainty to get the girl to be led by you this week。

 what we're doing is free association so that she will let go of her logical social condition。

 which is don't have sex to this guy， That's crazy。 That'd be naughty。

 I'd be a naughty girl had sex this guy and get her。

In an emotional state where she's largelyly disengaged having so much fun。

 it's really like the cool way of almost like getting drunk together。

 but rather than getting drunk of the girl， which is so not cool。 I mean， you know。

 a little bit lot of couples and they meet might drink some wine or whatever， but you too drunk。

 That's not cool。 This is a very cool version。 It's like you're almost like this human intoxicants with you and that girl。

 It's an amazing skill to have。 So when you combine that the leading the emotions。

 the free association getting her into an elogical state。

 So she's having so much fun and chasing your approval。

 you're already seeing the direction this is going in and why this is so powerful in success with women。

 but you do have to get out of your typical conditioning which is telling you that you have to speak with the girl in a very specific way and you have to allow yourself to free associate。

 Why do we emphasize so much earlier in this exercise， the importance of the beauty of women。

 Why did I drone on about the gift that women give to you about having fun， because ultimately dude。

 your ego might tell you that sex is fun。 But the real pleasure in sex isn't letting go in getting emotions。

Feeling getting into it and having a rich experience with that girl。

 It's a very rich sexual experience when you go deep with that girl。

 That's why even as I've gotten older and you know my hormones aren't as high as when I was younger。

 I actually enjoy sex more than ever because I enjoy that experience of it。 but likewise。

 I enjoy the game more than ever。 I have such an enjoyment of it that's why I want to share that with you because even just chatting with the girl。

 I can let go of stress from the fucking week， all this stress。

 all this bullshit and meeting women is a time for me to be free So this week you're gonna be free you're gonna be free and free associate。

 you're gonna let it go And just like when you see me kind of clowning what I'm doing say you a free tour and I just start clowning and expanding and kind of taking a concept to its fullest humor whatnot I want you to do the same thing here with free association let it go prepare to have a lot of fun prepare to be free prepare to have a very rich experience。

 And even though this will actually blow you out with a lot of girls who would have liked you take it as a stretch。

An exercise， it's a challenge， let me know how you do this week so I can customize next week' mission to you and I'll see you soon。

 the mission starts right now。