# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：15第十五周 全实战-经典：热座 15周第二部分【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I went up。 It's Owen from Real social dynamicss。 Welcome to the second installment of the Hotse classic where we're gonna be revisiting many of the old foundational principles that the modernday real social dynamics was built upon Now in the first video of the Hot Sea classic you saw a buildup leading to what we're gonna be learning here today and in this video we're gonna to be going deeper down that same rabbit hole of the original paradigms those initial understandings that I had myself when I began to learn about success with women。

 So the Hose classic is something that many people asked me to put out and they said ohn you've taught these lessons over many years。

 we'd love to see you put it out， don't just scrap it because you have new stuff So it was really challenging for me to bring back the older pickups that I used to teach from and to teach from place of conviction as if it was fresh in my mind because you know whatever something's fresh to you it's really easy to speak passionately and to go delve deep into it。

 but when it's something from back in the day it can be harder to revisit that So I actually wound up to record this believe it or not reattempting。

Recording many， many times to get it perfect because I'm very OCD about leaving something really powerful and transformative for you。

 Now funny enough， what I recorded this to access that old state of mind that I was in。

 I found the best way to do was I stayed up all night went in and just freak nailed it So you're gonna see me here in this manic state just reaccessing those old paradigms that I used to thrive on that I always love teaching and sharing those with you now what's the pay off of this Why is this so important Well what you're gonna see here。

Is me revealing to you the powerful foundation that everything that I do today is laid upon and see。

 I'm going to show things that are you know in a weird way。

 kind of controlling like controlling different outcomes right So for example。

 let's say that you understand that an alpha male has more social control than a beta male Well a true blue alpha male is not like I'm an alpha male。

 he's a beta male。 he's just an alpha male he doesn't think about it at this point I'm not thinking about what you're gonna see here。

 like when I interact with people， I'm not really thinking about this stuff。

 But there was a point when I did and in going through this。

 it's gonna to allow you to have that baseline understanding that classic understanding where eventually you're going to move beyond this stuff and never think about it。

 but it's going to be internalized and it's gonna take your natural personality to a whole other level because you're gonna have unconscious competence with it。

 So right now， we're gonna build in competence today this second with this hotsy classic。

 And then later， as you go into the newer hotsy to home videos。

 you're going to get a whole other level and it's gonna to be based on unconscious competence。 So。

The case， just lay back and enjoy this。 I hope that in seeing this。

 it also encourages you to come and attend a Hase transformational experience live with me and my team because every bit of infield footage that we show there and breakdown is different it'll be different than what you're seeing and in addition to that when you attend a Hasi transformational live you're also going to experience massive amounts of exercises and questions and energygy that you can't experience from home but of course the benefit of having this from home is now you have the video that you can again kind of pros and con now that you have at home I'd encourage you do the hotse live And in addition to that I'd also encourage you to go deeper into trainings with myself in my team live in the field because when you see this fun stuff that we're doing in the video believe it or not you can also come and meet me live and have me take you out to bars clubs malls。

 shopping areas and meet women with literally take go and meet women with and do the stuff you're gonna to see here and I'll give you feedback and I'll demo it for you and my team will give you feedback and demo it for you and push you and give you critiques and that's called a boot camp。

 So that being the case I would love for you to see this and realize。

Attending a hot seat live or attending a boot camp live is a whole other level。

 but right now what we're gonna do today。 this exact second is go into the second video of the Hot seat classic edition。

 the previous video building on our understandings and this video taking it a whole other level in these classic pickups that I did back in the day。

 These are the ones that I found to be the most informative I chose these to be just informative things will really open your eyes for a lot of things。

 I really press myself to deliver something to special memorable and transformative Thank you for being a part of this hot seat classic edition。

 we're gonna shoot into the second video right now and I'll see you on the other side。

Let's have a look at a bit of calibration here。 This grows a little bit tipsy。

 so I have no interest in like hooking up with or anything like that。

 I can kiss they're eating a little drunken make， but little tipsy。

 but just notice the calibration on this， I think that you'll like it。Are you checking your stocks？

I'm touching some guy that I like and he thought I was betraying him and I wasn't why？

This to a guy that was a friend of mine you had sex to man in the bathroom。

 No that was very spontaneous of you， dumpsterster， I like the dumpster。

What do most guys do when when the girls like， I'm having an argument with my boyfriend。

 But what do most guys do， They take the low hanging fruit because the girls providing them with a conversational topic。

And they take it because they don't know what else they would say。The girls's like。

 oh let's talk about this， you're like， okay， sure， sure， sure。She's already saying。

 I'm talking to some guy who thinks I betray him。What happens if I go， oh。

 did you betray and what frame I feeding into？What I say said。Dumpster， I like the dumpster。

 what did do to her？Knock your offer fucking ass laughing。

 That's known as what's called a pattern interrupt。 Sa that' me。 pattern interrupt。

 So what we want to do is that if the girl's having this， we want to go like that。Okay。

 we don't want to feed into how many of you guys have had that before a girl starts feeding you on some weird pattern that's not moving in the direction that you want。

And you cling onto it because she， you think she's helping you。 She's not helping you。

 So what you do is you pattern interrupt it and get her off it。 So she forgets it。 Nice， good job。

 I give you props。 Where are you。This clip， what I like about it。 Here's why I show it。

 What it shows is attraction and higher buying temperature， followed by loss of attraction。

 So in the pickup community， we call that I O and I Os， indicatorics of interest。

 indicatorators of disinterest。 I like showing this because I feel that for the sake of being responsible。

😊，But also for your happiness and education， I'd love to show what an indicator of interest looks like and disinterest so that you always know。

😊，How to get out there。game hard， but game safe， Ga safe means respecting the fact that the girl has any indicator of disinterestdress backing off if that girls not comfortable。

 back off and why I love this clip is you see the reward that you get when you back off notice though that early on you can have attraction。

 lose attraction in rapid secession and you adapt to it watch where do you come from。I love you。

 I love you。 I'm too。 Now you're mine now。 Will you be mine。re turning。 this is the most。😊。

Obous indicator interested in the entire program， okay？😡，Listen。On， where do you come from？

I love you。 I love you too。 I'm too heavy。 Now you're mine now。 Will you be mine。 you turning on。

 She says that， but then it takes me a second to kind of have it click。 like Im， oh yeah， like。

 wait a minute。 she said tom。 I got kiss I got fucked up F me up。

 It was one of my earlier interactions。 So fuck me up。 now watch Okay。

 so you can just don't fuck piss me。😊，I'll become violent weird。 Like I'll get all weird。

 She says you're turning me on。 I could feel it energetically。 She wants a kiss。

 but then she felt energetically that I'm like a。 but I'm Josh would like a。

 And she sort feels it too。 So then what happens is She pulls back。 Now， I joke。

 I say I'll become violent and weird as a sarcastic contrast joke。 Okay。

 it's clear that I will not do that。 like I'll get all needy and desperate or a bike past her house to see that the Porsche light is is another funny one。

 the contrast shows in a humorous way that you would not do that Go it。

 if it were taken seriously not good Take as a joke funny。 Okay， I say that as a joke。

 And now watch the spin and then by leading with a spin。

 we go from indicator indicator disinterest interest of disinterest back indicator interest with the leading spin。

 We。 attractiontract back。Py contactooh， shit， big smile。 but then watch this from New York。

Let me go now there。She said， let me go。Token disinterest to make me chase or really wants to be like。

 go， which one， She does。 How did you guys tell， I want to teach you So you know how to read when women are uncomfortable。

 Two ways that I personally felt。 Well， one is just energetic。 It's a sixth sense。

 but also a slight push of the hands。 Very slight。 She knows I'm cool。 but also。

A vocal intonation change。Oh， like that， too， let me go。Slide push， let me go let go， watch here。

Watch the arms。 Watch right in here in the arms。 Watch from the。 No let me See that。 very subtle。

 That's why at RD， we have， in my opinion， the most detailed when to back off trading in existence because we will show you every little sign。

 It'll never come to know because。You would have already left the second she even slightly flinched to say。

 no， you would go。 The slightest change of voice。 The slightest change of arms were saying back off at RSD。

Fucking mainstream fucking dummies。 No is how to learn。

 No is how to learn what we actually fucking teach。

 We've got the top concentrating that I've ever personally encountered。 like slight twitch。

 slight change of vocal Run away。y， Give her her space and run， You know， and and they're like。

 what are they doing。 right， fuck off。 We are on everybody's team。 Okay。

 I'm about women having a great time。 I'm about everybody loving life。 So。

 and I'm about respecting people's space and their right to space。

 So what's going on here is the slightest intonation。😡，Let me go。And I'm out of there。

 but watch why she loves that。from New Yorkicut， I'm from Connecticut， attract him and then watch。

then fine。 Do me like a piece of trash。 What do I do here， Where's my hands go immediately。

 Slightest indicator dis。 Where's my hands go， Pos， What do do on my back。I back up， so she sees。

 my hands are away。 I'm not gonna to touch you。 Im back it up。 I would physically step backwards。

 but there's a fucking wall。 So okay， now I'm still smiling。 I'm not like， I'm not like that。

 I'm smiling。 I'm chill。Girls know that guys try and girls know that they're not gonna pick every guy。

 She didn't pick me。 No big deal。 What's her response to me backing off。

 is backing off loser or is backing off attractive。 It's attractive watch。 A fun then fine。

 throw me like a piece of trash。 hot， Keep it Bo back off。 attractive。

 Why shows comfort and shows that you get it。 Now， if I want to still get her。

 Is it best to keep going on her， No， it's done。But。Am I good to make out their friend？Why not？

🎼I have to go we reent with I have to go。 Why do we say that。🎼It's in the kitchen I'm gonna leave。

 Therefore， she'll hug in front of the friend because we， hey， we have to go。 This。

 This is near piano bar in New York。 It's a tiny little assumption。

 My cameramans struggling to get a shot。 It's tiny ear。

 but he eventually gets it and watch what happens。 I've been chatting the friend in this time。

 What are you doing I'm hanging out with some other guy。 I don't care sounds like a loser。

 So I chat this girl。😊，Yeah。And I just get her to come outside and kick you with me。Yeah。

She likes me because she's see me with her friend。There's NYPD where do we go be on them？诶周总。niceし。

All right， other side。say good， good You're crazy're crazy are Where you going guys Wait wait。

 I have to leave find， bring me back then make out with the friend behind the car and then now that I made all the friend。

 I'll go back to the original girl we'll see if we have a change in response。

 I'm doing that for a demonstration purpose Ru off fucking punch you。I'm going to。

 I'm going think in head likem gonna to slam you into do what I fucking dare you。

 I'm going to s you into that one， do it， I dare you。🎼If I can， what the fuck。What the fuck。

What the fuck。 What the fuck。What what， what the fuck， But you made out her friend。

 Now she never want to kiss you。That that would almost imply that women like to be in hams or something。

 Why she want to kissing me now that I went well with a friend。What out to my value。

Girls compete with each other。 So now kiss the friend。 I actually prefer the friend。

 but I'm just trying to make a point。🎼Okay， all right，Yeah。

That was just to me trying to make a little point。Girss got of TC。 I'm not looking to take her home。

 I'm just trying to make a little bit of a point that， you know。You can calibrate。 I love the。

 I love that particular attraction， not not to like go after those girls in particular or take them home。

 but just to show the the rapid fire secession of attraction， loss of attraction， attraction。

 loss of attraction and how you calibrate by backing off， maybe leading， joking。

 patterned interruptrups， social proof， kissing the friend， all that fascinating。 It's kind of cool。

 And it also shows indicators of disinterest and the importance of when you do back off that it actually creates attraction。

 because you can go back in。 I also like that point that if you want to go back in， say by。

 then they'll let you back in。 It's kind of like like a little kid like like you're trying to get your little brother or sister。

 older brother or sister open the door and you get this open like tiny crack and you get your fingers and then you can open it。

😊，Right you' like it。 Just get the finger in。 Get the finger in the you open it。 right。

 You like just open your crack。 open。 That's like， oh， by， I gotta go by， by。

 And then you hit a joke。 They're so in the moment that if you hit a joke。

 they forget they're about to leave sometimes you could just reinitiate。

 Don't reiniate with rapport seeking questions。 caught that， caught it。 caught it。 caught it。

 Don't reinitiate with what？ No， because we Why do oftentimes guys do that。

Cause you're getting rejected。 You're stifled and you can't think what to say。

 Reiniate with the story or joke。 So you reiniate with or or teasing her。 So you go， oh， bye， bye。

 See you later。 Good night， Good night， and then tease or good night， Good night story。

 or good night。 Good night。 Get the peer group。And you're back in。

 sometimes it's kind of like in the NBA， when they start fouling each other to try to get points to the end。

 It's like diminishing returns， but it might work。If you're very determined， you could do it。

He's just really， really keen on doing that。You guys want to watch me and Julie fuck with each other？

Okay， this is called Tyler versus Julian。 Okay， what you're gonna see here is me and Julian kind of messing with each other。

 Do not do this to me。 do not do this to each other。 do not do this to Julian。

 me and Julian are wings。 So this is an understanding that we have as a joke occasionally。 Okay。

 it's not cool。 Like's all on this video。 And I'm gonna go everyone here start fucking with them。

 Okay， that's not a way to make friends。 But as a joke if you have an understanding between two wings。

 you can do it。 Now what you'll notice here is that any time that that one guys a little bit more in the zone than the other and the other guys more reactive than the other。

 the guy in the zone gets attraction。 It's it kind of funny。

 and you'll see me getting these like pathetic states where I start getting reactive and chasing then Julian just nails me and then I nail a little bit here or there mostly Julian just nails me。

 but I nail him a little bit here and there。 really， it's just called Julian Poce owen。

 but we'll call versus you know， it's like。😡，It's like， you know， like wolverine versus thehulk。

 you know， Wolverine kind of throws a few spikes。 But the end the day， the Hu just nails。

 So watch this and notice the dynamic of whoever's more in state。😊，Whoever is more flowing。

 And the girl senses it， even at the end， a girl sees Julia just looking at her as he's more in the zone and she starts getting attracted。

 We call that shadow loding。 We're like even from the shadows back here。

 the girl starts getting attention。 It's a great lesson in social dynamics。 It's also very funny。

 So just lay back and enjoy it。😊，You'll see here it opens with me like， oh。

 do you want to meet me at the top like， I'm just runningtting out of gas。

 And then Julian just runs in and makes out with her like。Like that。

 It's great to do that with your wings occasionally because it reminds you that you're being a little bitch and that you could have got it。

 Does that make sense。 Like you're sitting like you me on the and some guy just like， makeout。

 you're like， damn， I'm an idiot。 It kind of makes you step up。 But again。

 that's between friends Don't do not do that to people you don't know， that's very uncleol。

 Like someone just started doing that to me Ram I I do。 I don't know you like fuck off right。

 But within a context of friends。 It's okay。 want to me on top of the Empire StBuild。So me。

Oh my godsh， she。は。You're the best， who are you？Here's when you are。This makes me a littleier we。

Oh god。い。you dont发 him。No。No。好。Whiitney， Whitney。Love， ignore fucking。With你， yes。So you like。

Orange County， huh， I like yourself。I。came to visit my friendship really he。Let the your。Whitney。

 I'm so mad at you right now。We're competitive， we're competitive。 You know what。

 I was once talking to a 55 year old and he made outer just because I was talking a 55 year old He did Yeah。

 let me walk you， Let me walk you come with me。I think一次 yeah。I'm a。Bastard， Julia always gets me。

You miss。🎼Don thisす。🎼等他。You guys want to know the best part of this。

 I didn't even know he's in Chicago。 I'm sitting there talking this girl。 and then like。

 she just gets pulled away。 And I'm like， this's like fucking battman came。😡，You're like。

 what the fuck you do here Eve， I'm never safe。"，🎼M。报告。He's a bug， he's a douche。

I hate him he always， I hate him， but look， you have very sweet very cute facial expressions。

🎼你喝这上的好汤。Yes， just a moment dance。You know what I saw today？I saw like a little kid， right？

And he was like this tall。And then he had like he got like a black bandana。Patard。Now。

 if we win some lose this on dude， we get each other bad。🎼，We don't know each other。me。🎼No， nope。

 don't do it。Wow。🎼there Now， that cycle of reactivity is very similar to what I showed you with the guy who's running the party earlier。

 I start to become reactive。 I lose state。 I start doing this fake laugh。 You guys catch out。

 I'm like， this is funny。 Yeah， it's really funny。 I love it。 This is great。 Okay。

 so when you get in that mode where the other guy just says his grounds like whatever。😊。

Watch how Julie can pull the same thing though。It's all about who has the momentum。

 Watch You What's up。 None， None of that shit。 I don't stand for it。 No， no， no。

 just because he's taller and better looking doesn't mean you should dismiss me。

 I have a personality。 I'm older， older higher status。 Now， you'll notice I'm in flow。

 And Julian is is reliant on this Po loco。 He's Po lo。 He's because his brain shut down。

 So he's trying to logically like demolish me by calling me Po。

 he likes to call me Casper or Po lo or baling or shorter。 He has a whole litany of viciousness。 Now。

 now the point。Now， what's happening here is he can't think of anything。

 And so and you'll see him eventually， he cracks， he goes when he cracks。

 knows he's got nothing left。 So watch how the pressure mounts up till he becomes report seeking。

 but a smaller thing I know embarrassing like a littlet carro look you have small hands。

 It would look large yeahmi。😊，Do you guys see that， look at his face like。

 watch his face as I pull her away。 Do you remember earlier with the guy， the club owner guy。

 when I touched her， that's when his state went down。 So as a man。

 when you see the girl touching the other guy come in a compliant willing way， you're like。

 like that。 And then you're like，😊，I do it， too。 We all do it。 No one's perfect。 No one's like。

 like unbeaten。 you know， I'm saying， right， everybody has their moment。

 I certainly do even to this day when I'm out， I probably do a little bit less of that。 though now。

 you know， half a decade later， it's not， I'm not as much like hey， like Adam like next shit。

D go for me。 Don't talk to him。 He's a child actor。 That's all he Caper。

Look how pale is he played Castro。 Don't go for him。 not go for him。 That was just mean He's gay。

 was just mean that was just mean are you ignore him。 ignore the ballald Caper。 I think me。Goodbye。

 suck life before you leave excuse me， even though I didn't talk to you anything。

 wait no one second one， guys kiss you goodbye a real kiss。What， real kiss through this。

 I'll never see you again。 They're not watching。 I'll never see you again。

 They're not watching two great frames to get a fast kiss。They're not watching。

 You'll never see me again taking away downside。 That's called downside removal。

 One thing I like about Julian is Julian has very low sympathy for little weak bullshit。

 His view is he's not helping you by being nice。 I bring this guy as an intern。

 And he just starts stealing fuck fucking。 he just starts jacking me for chicks。 Like， I'm like。

 you're my intern。 Stop jacking me。 He's like， bald。 I'm like。😡。

WhatI didn't even know what he's doing。He would just keep doing it。 Did he suck， man。

 Why didn't you go for it， you see our attitude as wings。What are you noticing。Go for it。

 do let's rock。But it's within a context of permission。 Don't just proactively like。

 I'm gonna not caudddle you when you're start bullying some guy that is not receptive to that。 Okay。

 just calibration here。 I get worried because I showed this and like there's always like one guy in the room。

 like， I'm gonna destroy everyone here and not coudddle。 It's like slow down。

 okay but it's just within wings that hung out like every day for a long time，😡，Casine。

Jasmine would have been good because you look kind of like that girl from Aladdin actually。

What I'm doing here， do any of you guys recognize this like 50% good。

 but 50% rapport seeking thing that you sometimes do when your game's not quite on point。

 Do anybody ever recognize this in themselves。That's it。 And you guys game。

 You guys don't recognize this shit。 This is what most of you were doing。 Okay。

 who here recognizes themselves。Honestly， okay。You don't like you got to teach this shit if you don't。

Do you game？Do you recognize this in yourself。 So， look， it's it's a tone watch。

 It's like it's almost a good game， but not quite。 It's like thiss like weird。Almost game。

 It's good game， but it's a little bit untetherered。It's just a little bit untethered。

 That's what fucks us。 Most of us are not tanking。 Most of us are not just getting demolished。

 It's always like just a little off。 And then we're like。

 why aren't we quite getting the results we want， So I'm just slightly untethered。

 But join's more grounded Was happenss。😡，Now， Giillian。We're very competitive either。

 look what she's doing already。Yeah， see that。 I'm panic。 I'm like， fuck。

 he's more grounded than me because it's like my first son he's he's gonna get me。Don't know。

 don't hang him on， don't hang him on。医疗的。It's compulsive。 She can't stop looking。

 That's the power of being the fucking zone。 girls to like you have to start talking or he's got some kind of wizard maid shitt go on here And what am I doing like。

 you know， when you go out to club and you start talking to girls。

 you couldn't say I' what's similar there。 remember when doings going Casper Casper Casper was a chicken little。

 He just kept repeating it。 You guys remember that。😡，This is important what I'm saying。

 he's repeating chicken little again and again。 Why is he doing that。He's not in flow。

 so he's trying to logically think of what he would say if he's in flow。

How many times you guys do that， You're not in flow。

 So you start acting like what you think game looks like。 You're like， oh yeah， you know， funny。 Oh。

 yes， oh， that's funny But really， like you're not actually flow and you're faking the funk。

 So I what I'm doing here is that like in the same way Julia was like chicken little。

 Chi little because he can't think of what to Like he can't get in flow。 I'm getting shut down。

 So I I start sevening。 You know， Julian has chicken little。You know， the club owner guy has the。

After party room， I've got my seminar。 you guys see that。

 You just default down to this lowest common denominator because you can't think of what to do。

 So that's whats happening。 So I'm trying to show state dynamics here， yep， video， I mean。

 what do I say always， it's about what you're doing in between interactions。

 If I had been maybe joking with people on the way to the club getting into a social state on my way there。

 I'd already be there， but I'd probably worked all day， like an animal。

 when you guys see how much like I， I lock in even in the seminar。

 Can you guess what I'm like when I work just from seeing me here。

Would I really go sit down to fucking do some shit？ Like。

 this is years of just like 16 to 20 hour workday。 dudes， I'm on a 40 hour workday right now。

 I'm in to bed yet。😡，Boo camps， shot all night， she's sick in here， going to go shoot more。

I just lock in。 be small motherfucker no sleep。 Okay， I recommend going to sleep。

 I don't do this a lot。 but sometimes I do when I'm in another city I shot one of the best video blog of my fucking life here in Chicago We're out shooting all the You check mynapchat on。

 It's really cool now， and when it comes out， you're gonna love it。 Now， I lock in。

 So sometimes it's hard to shit from lock in to social flu， right。

So I've probably been working all day。Clubs open， stumble out。 Julian's all floating around。

 having fun。 He's， He's already grounded， flowing， all this。😊，米嗯嗯。I'm still in logic mode。

 I'm fing the funk。 So now I go to seminar。 So look， Julian goes to like his petty insults。

 promoter guy goes to the petty， like， bring up to the apartment thing。 I go to my petty。 like。

 I'm gonna teach mys。 Do you seminar because I can't think what to say we all do it。

 We all fall like that。 I will many downstr of my life。 So I'm out of flow。

 Start talking or you get stuck in your head。You get like weird so you have to just start talking and you were so nice to me too and you were so nice to me too no。

 fuckcker， no， no， he's hated when Julie gets to stay before me， damn it。Just take us have them。

 just have them。No down here。He goes I don't want her anymore。

 You know why he does that when you hand a girl to Julie。

 he'll always go no because immediately instinctively he'll pull the validation down a little bit because it wass like you' a taker and he's like oh。

See that status dynamics。What's happening？He's aware， he's aware of what's up， calibration。Oh my god。

 I'm so sorry thats the most embarrassing thing to worry。这。可。All rightI really。

my me and oh my god I have to leave I have to， I'll kiss you Okay now she's kiss me。s Julian。

 What are you learning her Girl will kiss anybody Girl。That was horrible。

 Do you see what happened to me。 No， happened He was terrible。

 I was emotionally scarred and molested。 Oh We did just。 I'm an extremely aggressive man。

 Look at the smoothness of that open on the prettier girl off the other one。

 And this is what I'm telling you， It's in between the sets。 The other set wasn't even a real set。

 Look at， look at how we roll off because we're in flow。😊，That was horrible。

 Do you just see what happened to me。 No Tot assumption that it will work， because we're in flow。

 And remember， the opener is an illusion。 It's already open。 See that No terrible。

 I was emotionally scarred andlested。 how fast Julie does him with his girl Look at this。

 This Thisnn I'm extremely aggressive man The key there is that。

We're playing around with the one girl because we know that we'll just go into another set that's much better。

 So it's almost like the little wolf pups kind of wrestling each other。

 But then when the bad guys come， they'll they're like this and they go push out What you saw here was a lot of status dynamics。

 and just aware of how mood is affected。 And we want to be thinking about how the the tempo that you control it at night and how you are in between interactions affects your mood。

 We don't want to get you paranoid。 I'm just trying to draw awareness to what's going on。 Okay， and。

Really， it's like， watch， let's just sort of skip through this a little bit and see how each interaction becomes a little bit sharper。

 I don't even think we need to watch like the whole thing of this， but just。

Watch each one just get a little bit sharper here， okay， let me see here。没有。Quick， that last one。

 how did you move your hand went out and then went out you just read that It that is the opens an illusion when you have a total assumption of rapport assumption of familiarity。

 they respond to to what you're putting out。 But if you try that when you're not totally chill and just assuming it。

 then they're like，We're going to show interactions here where I'm kind of whack。

Then a little bit less whack， then kind of solid and then fairly solid。 Okay。

 just to watch the difference in the behavior， I'm going quiz you to see what you're noticing as my behavior shifts from set to set。

 Okay， from crappy to less crappy to solid to good。 You're like up on this tree。 You're like。

Who are you， where do you come from？And what kind of species are you？I'm from Brazil。

 but I live in Sw Oergado。I'm why do you hate me What is this What is this I'm showing you something No I don't。

I find that。This is Julia， say ae。Daad there here， point the camera I'm gonna to say something there for hot seat Okay look at me point the camera on my face Okay so like that there is like I'm not gonna look at it。

 but that right there is like I call that like on the fence right I didn't commit I actually commit a little bit which is why it's like kind of okay but I didn't commit fully and so that's like when you have commit it's like they like you but then you go to EA and they're like oh no I would never allow that even they totally would allow it but because you didn't commit that's what happened right I'll try going back in but it's like basically that watch。

Hi there， sorry that I grab you。My name's Owen it's nice to meet you I'm shy around Brazilient people as well because you're such beautiful people and I'm just a funny looking white man from America。

たと。Don time。I the。Yes， you can see it's on the fence or she'll laugh。

 but I doubt I could move it anywhere， like say I try to extract so good no watch。You know what。

 we're going to come sit down， you want to come sit， no I don't yes。

 no don't that's such a surprise to me。Thank you。Why like this because I like you I like Yes。

 talk to me。 I'm What I love about this is this is the every man。

 This is how most guys are doing pickup。 And it's like almost good but not quite。 This girl。

 I saw her a year later sitting next to me actually a Brazilian restaurant in L。

 even though it's a shot in Miami and Nikki Beach。 And she's with a scrubby guy。😊。

So it's not like I wasn't good enough。I just little off。 They detect an incongru。 They like， yeah。

 now， no thanks。 not even in a bad way， but just no thanks。 No， talk to me。 Don't escape me。对。Okay。

 you have the main of a fine stallion What I do that was good in this didnn't judge myself。

 found in entertaining and what。What do he say？What do he say， Open the next set。

 I'm not dwelling on。 I'm like， oh my God， I'm a bad person。 Ki me。sh， I'm just like， oh， next set。

Let's go。You have the main of a fine salion。OhBut what of a fine stallion Oh thank you a stallion。

 I thought that was loose what were you？You are very cute， like a munchkin。

Where do you come from from here from Miami Yes you're an amazing dancer Id like spinning you in many circles like the movie Carry from the 1960s Oh yes。

 yes but I hopefully had a one end up like her You mean dead I wouldn't let you die I won't let you die with a bucket in top of me can talk about it if I talk about it I run back to I'm open to I'm open to it but。

You can always feel safe around a， yeah， you can submit I don't want to submit。

Indicator of disinterest is what？That's right。 Now。

 is this interaction have some improvements from the previous one， Okay， what are they smoother。

 right， It's not really where it needs to be， but it's smoother。Yeah， and here's what I've done well。

I know that I'm kind of out of it。 I know that I'm kind of sucky。 Now， by the way， this is shot 5。

6 years ago。 Do you guys think my game a person said， How much you think。A lot， okay， a lot。

 But nonetheless， what I'm proud of myself for doing even many years ago here is that I'm I recognize where I'm at。

 I'm just like， I'm cool with it。 You know， it's like this is this a little awkward right now。

 I'm not beating myself up。 I'm not going into selfattack。 I'm just riding it out。

 It's just my second approach， guys。😊，Bad for a second approach， you know？Fuck kid。

 I'm just going the process， no judgment， no resistance kid。

I' just seeing the dumbest things come in my head I'm sober， I'm sober。

 I just say like the dumbest things that I can think of like theres like there's like an intelligence to my done this making an do the face Oh。

 Oh do the face， do the humble face。It'sよ。Okay， so I just committed a little bit more on that last set it's kind of like kind of like cheesy like just like push push push not enough or sorry pull pull pull not enough push so that's like how I tend to progress so now what I'm going to do is I'm going to try to well actually I' probably just keep building off of that。

嗯。But yeah， so I mean， you can see the pattern between the first one。

 like a half ass commit like committing to it， the second one。

 committing to it and a little bit more maybe too much in a way。

 but kind of like in a fake like nervous way。 And now I'll just try to move on。

 just keep trying to get to that nice spot。 All right I'm not saying there blindly just bashing my head on the wall。

 I know what I'm doing。 I know what's fucked up。 Just resist a little less and keep going。

 You don't keep going Gu stop。Then they pause and they reflect， and they think about it， they dwell。

 and they ruminate， and they attack themselves。 Don't do it。 Just be aware of what you're doing。

 And it's like you're tweak in the dials。 Hey， guys， entitlement， congruence， selflf amusement。

 freedom from outcome， clarityity of intent。 You just， you tweak a little dials a little bit。

 each one， you go， not quite， tweak， tweak， not quite tweet， you just keep doing it。 it's wonderful。

 It works great。 It's called the tweak in the diallls frame with each approach。

 you tweak the diallls。 say that with me。 Twe the dials。 Okay， each approach， Twe the dials。 great。😊。

You。It must be very important。 What is it， It is very important list dials areru Okay， congruence。

 self amusement， entitlement， clarity and  intent0。Okay， so I just turn off the night vision here。

 it was the same venue， but we realized it kind of bright。

 so we turn off the night vision you strike a good pose like this。Yeah。

 you have a good like bsse look like indifference。I。🎼My全。🎼Somebody。

That's why I stay like this What that my legs were that's why I say like this are you rushing No where do you come from？

What is that？you are you happy right now you Yeah now you look happy， now you look happy。

 now you look happy。You're fucking sex when you smile and when you don't smile。

 you're like a fucking bench。Who are you？🎼Owen， this girl here。 she's very serious， right， I'm like。

 are you happy。 She's like， yes， I am happy。 Yes， but I feel that she is。

 She just has a more stern demeanor。 Some people from Eastern Europe can have or from anywhere can have it。

 right， don't read into it。 She's receptive。 That's what counts。 If she's there talking to you。

 That's the most important indicator of interest。 I'm sorry。 I don't mean to jump on you like that。

 Owen。 from Los Angeles。W， what do you do here。oxWhat？No baby。

Where are your friends at Where are your friends those are your friends right Oh hi we're being videotaped I don know our romantic meeting is being videotaped。

And who are the guys？🎼Yeah。Maybe I look like a bit， but I'm not。Me， me， not a bit。🎼I love you， O。

And I want you to move to America with me。TX。I can。Yeah， no， I can't。

How many children are we going to have？How many do you want？O。🎼Yeah。

You're so fucking hot I don't mean to make you shy。

 I don't mean to make you shy well look at me too I'm very very hot。But you look like aling？

Very good。 Take good care of myself。Ma， I'm not putting your hand on my di。🎼No my take my here。

 No no。I just thought it was funny that that's what he thought I was doing I can't believe you that like I go like this。

 you're like。Has a man ever done that to you before like just like grab your hand and put on this thing。

ね。it's not romantic really really。ズ。I agree up。我有事。でぜか。you said it you're like。

 I am supposed to grab me di， I am supposed to grab me di。

What's different about this set than the other ones？Okay， flow， how is it compared to before？

It's better entitlement， better or worse than before。 congruence， better or worse than before。

 entitlement， better or worse。 self amusement， better or worse。 Okay， so it's improving。

 We're tweaking the dials。 I'm feeding off the last one and locking in a little bit more。 is it。Its0。

0。ガ。A。Okay， do you want to see me tonight， do you want me to call you later tonight。

 we should do a dance？Yeah。I dance on video。Each one is also progressively more attractive。

The earlier ones， the first one was me。 Okay， Second one is a little better。

 Third one is a little better。 And this girl is actually properly attractive， in my opinion。

 So it actually， it's funny。 You'd think that， oh， you couldn't get the first one。 You're screwed。

 right， How could you get her if you can't even get the first one ass me。 It's because you lock in。

 It's game related。😊，Most people in the mainstream society think that。

 if you couldn't get the first one， why try with this one， they don't understand the what。

 What don't they understand， They don't know how to tweet the dials， watch。Who are you， Who are you？

a random Brazilianro。我就可。Los Angeles。Have you ever been？you want to go Do you want to go right now？

Are we doing it， we're going to LA？I want to take you Alex， oh my god。I do。

Oh no I not going take her， I'm not going to take her LA never she would never do well in LA。

I go now do you have a lot of bags？Yeah， because you don't wear anything' because you're from。

And the handbag， No， no， no， you don't have a lot of bags because you're from Brazil。

 you don't wear anything。This is like。I know that's why I like Brazil。

Yesterday I went a clock space with my fans。Like this。Oh god。Yeah。If you wore that yesterday， okay。

 here's let me show you what I would have done instead when I came out you gay。

 I would have done this too。ああ。That's what I would have done yeah， I'd be like guess。あ。啊。Oh。

I like here。For now， maybe， I don't know you're fucking crazy bitch I'm the decider。

What's changed from the first one？Is it the same guy， It's kind of the same guy。

 It's the same guy with the doll's tweet。I'm a nice man。还是你全。

OhNo I you were talking because you were talking to those guys， I wanted to meet you。

and you know what？I wanted to talk to you so bad but you were with those two guys and you have two guys yourself that's a lot of guys right do you need a third guy like like。

なで。到。Yeah。And it makes you want to leave them， right？Because he is jealous。

 it makes him seem insecure。🎼Youll make me drive got he off there。知道了。I know you can have me tonight。

You feel bad And for me oh my god。Thanks for you out。Okay。

 so funny girl I'm seeing texting me this morning。 and she's like， oh。

 it's so good that you don't get jealous baby。 Like a lot of my friends or boyfriends get jealous。

 It's so annoying。 It's so you have so much silent confidence。

 I don't know where you've cultivated that。 Yo， I'm not summon enlighten guy here。

But when you see this weekend in and weekend out， and these girls cheat on their men。

You just learn really quickly that when you act like that， it's not helping you。

 There's no value in it。 How stupid does he look right now with us having fun here。

Do you remember earlier when I was talking to the girl on the seat at that hotel that guy Gary was going to bring the $60 of the drinks to her。

 remember that？How would he have looked to becomes bile jealous？Here's' funny， though。

 Should this guy be jealous。I think so。She's out here getting bi。Should Gary be jealous？Kind of。

 yeah。 she's making out with some other dude。It's all very reasonable。But the girls don't care。

 And what's funny， though， is， does it feel like she's doing anything wrong when you're here。

It doesn't feel like that to the girls。 They don't feel like they're doing anything wrong。

 They go into their body。 They say， how does it feel。And if it feels good， they do it。

If you've ever read the booksex and Donwn， it implies that men and women basically just were in orgies together and everybody had sex with each other。

 and none of it was a big deal。 Whether that's true or not， I don't know。 I have not wasn't there。

 Probably there was different societies with different rules。

 but it's funny to think that in the girls's mind， she's just going with the flow。

 She doesn't know there's anything bad happening。 And the guy' lowering his status by doing that。

 Now， there's two ways that you could not act jealous。Way number one。

Learn the technique for not looking jealous。Don't send it when you're feeling jealous。

Then she won't know you're jealous and you'll be fine。Okay。

 what would be another way not to be jealous。 abundanceundance。 What's another way not to be jealous。

 Sa it was， say that you're a monogamous relationship。 How else not to be jealous。Be busy。 Look。

 thinking of it this way。 Remember I mentioned I haven't been to bed last night and working with my passions。

 Why do you think I stay up all a night in list Vids， I don't have to。 Why I do it。 Love it。 Love it。

😊，Do I have time to think about what some girls doing back in LA right now。

It's easy not to be jealous when you got your own life。Okay， that's why in the book。

 David Day to the way Superor man， he explains， be on your purpose。

 be on your passion so you don't act like him。 The idle mind is the devil's playground。

 Say that again。 The idle mind is the devil's playground。 This guy， the devil's in his fucking mind。

😡，It's not the devil guys， but you see my pointer， right， You're like， where's he going this right。

 But that those low vibration thoughts are， are clamoring in his mind because he's got too much time on his hands。

 A lot of people think that like a life of， of leisure is better。

 What I find is people in a life of leisure。 Their minds become their minds fall preed all bullshit。

 It doesn't help。 You want a certain amount of busyness to keep you tethered。See your baby。Oh。

 my god。🎼没有。Yeah。Yeah，31，0。Yeah。Yeah， just call me and then after delete out the phone number so that he doesn't see that you called me。

If I text to you， I won't I'll say it's like a girl。Oh see， I'll give her away。 I'm like。

 if I text you， I'll say it's a girl， a lot of times too major key when you're taking a girl's number。

And guys are around。 Don't put your fucking phone in front of everybody。 as whack judgment。

 bad downside。 What you do instead is you get your phone out and。😡，Here's how you make it look watch。

 The thing that nails use a flashlight。On the phone is what gets you， right？ So if you're。

 if you're like this。 Well， there's a lot of light here， right， But if it was darker like in a club。

 the dude sees the light pop up on your face And he's like， what the fuck。

 So what you do is you just go， you just go like this like hands down like that you're like。

 what's your number heads popping， you know， just keep it chill。 Just， just like whispered to me。

You know， like down here like that。 So nobody sees it。 Reposition your body。 So nobody sees it。

 It's out of respect， O WEN。O， W E。And。🎼うお、こいで。Good， baby nice to you。はい。Squeeze that ass。

Squeeze it baby。It was kind of nice to just see a simple progression of the first girl again。

 rating is kind of whack。 But let's just say we were to rate。 The first girl， we do rate her。

 maybe a six second girl， maybe7， third girl， maybe 8， fourth girl， maybe a9。

 depending on your taste， you know， nice ass， pretty face， slim body tities， all that。😊。

So what's go on here。I'm doing better with each girl。I can't do good with the 6。

 I do better with a maybe 9， whatever you want to call， whatever you want to call。Why？

Tweak in the dials， momentum， getting out of my own ways， awareness， again， entitlement， congruence。

 clarity of intent， freedom from outcome， self amusement。 These dials， Okay， say with me。

 entitlement。Freedom from outcome， self amusement， congruence， clarity of intent。 Okay。

 if you've seen Hoi to home， that's in the advanced principles video。

 I talk about each of those principles in detail。 You don't need to。

 you don't need to go watch that right now。 I'm just making the point that like。

 I flush it out in there if you haven't have it。 You， you， you already got what you need here。 Okay。

 but the point is like。Those are the dials that I'm always tweaking and you've you've heard about these dows in R C videos。

 no doubt。 And basically， it's just like you just tweak them like， oh， I a little more entitled。

 okay， maybe a little too entitled， a little pushy。 No， no， no， no， no， maybe selfamed a little more。

 maybe a little too serious。 No， maybe I'm being too clownish。You know what。

 be a little more congruent， right， So it's kind of like you just sort of tweak。

 Maybe I got a little more clearer in what I'm doing or not， right， this year。 I mean， again。

 that's me five years ago。 We'll see me in like full power， like you a newer video soon。

 But the idea being that the progression。 And I truly believe that this is a lot more relatable than my newer stuff because。

😊，This is where 90% of the room is playing right now。

 So that's something you can go and you can implement immediately。On one level。

I'm aware that when I go into another interaction， I take so much action。

 I overwhelm the thinking mind。 Sa that with me。 Take so much action。

 I overwhelm the thinking of mind。 Again， I take so much action。 I overwhelm the thinking of mind。

 people that are too much in their heads， they're typically not taking enough action。

 If you go meet some， you know， say some African Bushman or some guy in， in the。

Was that big river in South America， trying to blank here， the Amazon。Yeah。

 I'm fucking fucking dummy。 All right。 So in the Amazon River， you meet some guy hunting out there。

 There's a different quality of looking his eyes。 He's not getting caught up in mental concepts。

 He's just like。😡，ど。😀Ha。😊，Hello。Right in your bones， you're like， I'm meeting a real man。

Something that I am not。 You can feel it， right， like a fighter。 you know。

 just just out there fighting shit。 You know， there's something a little different about somebody like that。

 You guys get that when you take massive action， the reward is your selfestteem。

 The reward is being able to look at another man in the I like。

 what's up in presence when you're not taking action， you're stuck in concepts。

 Remember I said earlier that an alpha male is not thinking about status。

 Like I've brought up status here because if you're new。

 you need to become aware of it because otherwise you're just like， I don't know。

 I think if I'm really friendly， it'll work right， So I'm trying to draw your attention to it。

 But an alpha male is not even aware of it。 alpha male is just。So and by the way， if you。

 he's not always sometimes he has a bad day。 So you can still be often and have a bad day。 Okay。

 when you're feeling bad， don't resist it， and then you go back into good state。 Whatever you resist。

 persist。 say that Whatever you resist， persist。 So if you're in a bad state， What do you do。

 stop what resisting it being in being a bad the shit。 sayy that being bad is the shit。

 Being low status is fucking boss。 Being stuck in my head is the bomb。

 Girls love low status guys that are stuck in their head。 Just keep， just keep approach it。

 F is Paamp it。😡，World domination。Okay。Kiing， okay。All right， trying to keep you entertained。

 So the point being is that， is that like， you know， if you want to be in the zone。

 But if you're not， how do you get out of it， take action and just don't resist it Now。

 so the point being is like， what was the question I was answering。Oh。

 I was asking if after the end of the last got it。 Okay， it's an important question。

 I'm glad I asked。 I almost moved on。 I'm glad I ask one side of me knows that if I take more action。

 I get that like African hunt hunter's vibe of like I'm taking so much action that it overwms thinking mind that I get out here and I do way better。

 But on another side， I don't want to get tenses or have anxiousness that if I don't approach。

 I'm gonna come out st。 No woman will ever love me again。

 No one would ever love me if I don't keep approaching。

 So I'm approaching I'm aware that if I continue to hammer it out。😊，I'll get out of my head。

 I'll get。 I'll shut down the thinking mind and I'll get in the flow。 And I love that。

 But if I don't want to， I don't have to。If I don't want to， I don't have to。

What else could I do to get out of my head。啊这个。I suppose you could talk the wall。

 It's quite P U A community move， but could work。 How about just what would regular guys do。

Other than alcohol， D， Jo of friends。Just chill outside for minute if you really wanted to。

 you know whatever it is， right， So just as normal ways to do it， too。

 The point is don't sit there like pounding yourself。 by the way， though。

 taking action and doing a lot of approaches only puts you in a better mood。

 if what if after the set， you rack positively。 Aka， you view it as funny。

You say that was 10 out of 10。 You could say whatever you like。 It's just how I teach you。

 You say that was 10 out of 10。 Why do I pick 10 of 10 not 10 out of 10。

Thousands out of 10 makes no sense。 Being pleased at a rejection makes no sense。

 So it's like that the spirit of the illogicality， human beings。

 half our power is in our logical minds。The other half is our delusional optimism。

That's I love about human beings， right， We live in this crazy world where we know we're going to die。

 We know that you could argue there's no point。 And we just look at the universe， and we're like。

Fuck you， fuck you， There's a point。 I'll make my own point， F you。😡，If we were logical。

 we would just go off ourselves right now， right？You're like， it's going to end anyway。

 So why do anything。But that's what I love about human beings。 We're not logical， right。

 halflf logical to help us half fuck you， okay。Fucking a the shit， America you know， shit like that。

 right， like that vibe， that fun vibe that on'm the shit。 why because I said so。 do the other day。

 he had had a badge on a medal。 It said champion。 I said， what's the champion thing for He goes。

 I'm just champion in general。 I love that。 You know， just champion and champion bottom line。

 I love that was a shit， You know， right， makes no sense。s a champion。 I love shit like that， right。

 So that's part of that that like selflove。 You know。

 Now you can make what would be the counterarment against holding a badge like that。

 he motivates you from becoming a real champion。 Could be kind of true。 You know what I mean。

 like Kenny powers he's bounding down， You know， you kind of want that。

 But the problem is it also makes some delusional。 So it's kind of humorous that his his selflove is so over the top。

 It helps him in some cases， makes some delusional and others。

 So you want to walk that balance between logical doing what's right and liking what you're doing because you're producing results。

 but also。Exploiting the self fulfilling prophecy of self love。Right if you love yourself。

 you get a great mood。People like you better。 You start to move up。

 Whereas if you beat yourself up because you're not doing well enough。 people like， oh。

 that guy's got weird energy。 He's attacking himself and then you don't move up。

 But at the same time， you do have to produce results to be happy with yourself or else you're like this fucked up。

 It's that ever balance between selfacceptance and selfimp。

 It's 5050 logicality and logic a bit of both。 So while I know that continuing to approach gets me out of my head。

 I also know that I don't have to。 The rules， the rules are there to help you。

 but they're also made to be broken。 Just don't delude yourself that you're breaking。

 Then when you sit there in the corner drinking a beer and fucking crying。 Okay。

's on' breaking the rules like that's not getting anywhere。 Although if you want to do it do it。

 Sometimes you got to do it to find out what'll happen。😡，I love this smoothness。In this one。That's。

No one's getting anything out of there area， they're with those two。Oh whoa， whoa。Whoa whoa。

 you guys know how to party。Yes， you do。How much am I inflow as I go up？

I'm already in like like fight mode。 right。 You can feel it。 I'm like， whoa who， whoa what。

 my voice won't even let me do it right now。 See how I'm already kind of flowing。

 It's like what I'm doing in between sets。 You don't have to do it like this just how I'm doing it。

 It's supposed to be a pickup seminar， but I'm showing you me singing as I walk up like stupid。

 right， but it's because it's not always just what you do in the moment， it's what leads up to it。

 Everything leads into the next thing。 Al in my mind， remember earlier。

 I talked about reticular activation system earlier。

 you're looking for every single reason not to approach。 They're busy。 They're on the move。

 But when you're reticular activation switches to being like this heat sink missile。

 you're believing that every girl wants to talk to you。

 And all that you're doing is rather trying to find excuse。 Like literally excuse。

 you're trying to find a reason to approach。Pay attention。Earlier in the night。

Pay hyper close attention and be aware of what your R S is doing。

 You'll look at the girl and you'll immediately start looking for reasons not to approach。

Please listen to me。You'll look at the girl。And you'll start looking for reasons not to approach。

 Feel yourself doing this。 Who here can remember themselves doing it。 You see the girl and go， no。

 no， you're literally seeking excuses。 When you look at my eyes here。

 am I seeking excuses or am I seeking a girl， who， Am I looking for an excuse。

 I look like I'm gonna bounce like a cheeah I'm It's kind of weird。 I'm like looking at it after。

 I'm like。Watch out， even though they're on the move。 A lot of guys think they're on the move。

 They don't want to stop。 Watch what I do。 You guys know how to party。 Any hesitation。

 Watch the smoothness。 You guys know how to party。😊，Yes， you do。

Who are you Hi hi Who are you hug I'm the next idiot of the nights like you were going to kiss my head for second but sometimes I do the lunche make。

It's amazing， That's weird， but it's all about the moment like right into my head。

 just talk into my face。 Yeah moment for the lunch makeup we did the pass right What if it happened。

 you would just be like talk into my head like that Now do you see the assumption of familiarity there。

How it's like we already know each other。 all my best ones。 It's like we already know each other。

 Do see the leading。 And do you see how when Julian comes in。

Is my mistake going to stay steady this time you predict， or am I going to waver again。

How do you know。Yeah。How do the rest you know， you sense it， right。

 You're seeing what to look for at this point。 So if you know what to look for， you're like。

 this dude's not going to bow out this time。 You can sense it。Yes， say hey， no。

 they're both both mine， Julian， both mine。 No， talking into my head like that into my head。

 both thank you。 Hi there。 Who are you。 Hi， Who are you。 How are you， Good， had a fun night。 Good。

 had a fun like the。 Yes， really， Just。😊，It's time for a dance。How did your night go？

It's not over what do you guys have teaching I'm very shy every。What are you guys up to tonight？

Do girls like sex？Look how happy she is。 Why I。 her Where the。 He's a little bit over ecalleating。

 He's young at this point。 Have you ever the story of the young bowl in the old bowl。😊，Right。

 the young， the young's like， let's run down and fuck a cow。 The old boy's like。

 let's walk down and fuck them all。 So Julia's a little bit。 The young bull here。 right。

 My girl's tripping a bit， but I just cool it off。 What city are you from。😡，嗯一份。I live in Hollywood。

 No， no， no， he's nice no no I need your friends。 He's very nice。 He's very nice。 That's's nice。

 No no nobody's nice。 He's nice。 Don't be mad。 Don't be。 Keep the fun。 What are you showing。

 Are you guys going to eat right now， Yes， What do you want to eat25 degrees。

 Let's go on a high point when the emotions are up， I say to you guys want to eat。

 guys make the mistake of trying to extract the girl to the next location or home when she's on a downs of emotions。

 How is the woman process emotionally whether or not she should go with you。 Sple。😊。

You make a request。 She goes into herself and sees how it feels。 If it feels good， she goes。

 If it doesn't feel good， she does not go no other way than that。Say change your mood， not your mind。

Sit again。 All right， So in other words， I know that I。

Go for an escalation or compliance on the uptick of a buying temperature spike。 I make a joke。

 or if it just moves up in general， then I go like this。 Also。

 did you notice when I was spinning her around how I stay grounded， but she laughs watch。

It's time for a dance。How did your night go Tell how calm I'm staying there？How did your night go。

 Well， she's like， like that。 It's like the oak tree and the squirrel running around it。

You don't want to be like， like that， she's like。It's over I'm every time see that great vibe but with the girls。

 that's the value that we provide as men。Pick up are to be creepy。

 Pick ups are meant to be making the girl feel fucking fantastic。 It's win， win。 It's rhythmical。

 It's you setting the tempo and being at the cost of the effect And the girl has so much fun。

 Are are you showing， are you guys going to eat right now， Yes， Where do you want to eat，25 degrees。

 Let's go。 Okay， Are you ready，25 degrees。 Let's go。 Juliaian。😊，Yeah。We like 25 degrees arm， arm。

 like that， good type， okay？Very nice now what kind of thing do you like to get？我要去。

What kind of thing do you like to get at 25 degree the burger？Whatever。Yeah。love are friends。

 Who's your friends。 you have no friends。 We're your friends。 Are you sure Yeah。

 you're getting really close to me right now， Okay， you're getting really close to me right now。

 What's her eyes and her smile。Big pupils， big smile。 So if I'm like， oh， I'm sorry。 Oh， no。

 like that， what was she think to be dumb or respectful？So I do you dumb。

 I am pushing my forehead into your head。 Like if I go to you and I'm pushing my forward in your head。

 I'm like， I'm uncomfortable like that， like， you know， theyd be pretty gay， right， So that。

 so that's the point is like， there's attraction there， Was this。

 getting really close to me right now。 I don't mean to make you uncomfortable。 No， but you do。

 I do I'm such a shy boy， Now that there earlier， we said， real resistance。 What do we see。

 What is she doing here。 How are her eyes， huge。 What is your smile， big。

 Is she pushing her head into my forehead or she pulling back。Okay， so that's a little different。

 right？I'm such a shy boy but I hold my ground there。 I don't move and chase with the movement。

 I just kind hold my ground chill。 I'm such a shy boy。 I'm a shy boy。 I'm a Canadian。

That's why I got like this yes， if we had married， we'd be have dual citizenship。

And then you could come to mightigloo in Canada grab a dog slideled with me and get and we have Bhead children。

You guys see that chemistry？Easy， natural。 Anybody can do this。 Are you seeing patterns here。

Remember， we talked about， how's my congruence in the set。对。I mean， in my income room。

 how's my entitlement？How about self amusement？Am I clear my intent， Am I free from outcome boom？

Watch shall I make her kind of jealous as I open？Your face is fucking huge， my cock is huge。

I fuck a different little sledt every night， could have been you。See how she's kicking。

 Just a little jealous。 It's a joke。 That grows pretty hot so she can take a joke like that。

 said to the wrong woman。 be very offensive。 She， a little humor like that is is issuing a challenge to a confident woman。

 You've got to calibrate to the woman。 That's highly inappropriate to the wrong woman。

 She finds it like hilarious and wild。 How do you guys all know each other。

We don't they just see how。 like your。 That was great。 That That great。

 And what's happening to that guy right now， We talked about guys getting shut down。😊。

A lot of themes in this hot seat are about social pressure。

 who has tolerance to it and then who falls out of their groundedness。

So he believes that he can be sarcastic and short with me， Ed when the girl's over， will he？No。

 infant or exit or you from London。 I am not。 I am from are you froma Square。 No。

 We are you Naa Square。 Oh you are。 Yes from the Burger King Nasa Square。😊。

I didn't know what the fuck I'm saying。You。You don't fuck me，'t fucking me。Right。I'm serious。

He's got a swing year around How do you guys all know each other we roommates in college and。あ。

Sweden。You ever remember being like in， in grade school， you get shut down， look popular kids。

 all the shit。 So this guy here was rude to me off the open。 And look。

 there's a lot of decisions that LED to him。Wearing this shirt。

 there's a lot of decisions that LED to this dumb facial expression。 And the point is。

 I'm not being mean。 I'm just saying that all of us。

 and and we have to turn that mirror on ourselves make little decisions every single day that lead to who we become I have made my decisions。

 He's made his And therefore， what's about to happen is an inevitability。

 So there's nothing that he can do in this moment to stop what's gonna happen。

 But there are things he could have done in the past。 Now。

 this can be an enlightening moment to him when he goes， you know。

 I got to change or he can be but hurt。 What he needs to pig butter。 But the point is this。

 it's still a chance to shed light on it。 We all have moments like this。 And we can choose to be， oh。

 I'm just but hurt or choose say I'm gonna to step it up from all those nights maybe 7。

8 years when I was first living successive women that guys just annihilated me。

 that gave me motivation。 And it still happens this day。

 I get blown out or anniilated by guys to this day。 and it motivates me。 I love it。

 I love going to the hardest venues。 place an intimidate me， things like that。 it's challenging。

 It makes you。Step up， People need the swords of each other in competition to step up。 Look at。

 you know， Lebron Step Curry is going at each other。

 It's that it's the the pushing of the competition。 You know。

 Kobe versus the Celtics is that pushing competition。

 We help each other in competition where competition goes from win and win to win lose is when it gets ugly。

 People start physically harming each other。Doing a really underhanded shit。 That's irreversible。

 couple girls that he meant two seconds ago。 That's just playing the game。 That's just out at a bar。

 You know， you affect his finance。 You， you know， you hurt him physically God。

 It's a totally different case。 This is just little flirtation at the bar。

 He can see little swag and say， step up。 he can learn。 And that's what we have to do when we learn。

And it like continues to happen to me。 It'll continue to happen to you。

 So what kind of perspective will you take on it， Po or victim， Which one good Stock。

 I don't look like。 I notice I look away when he wants to engage in what happens。Look at his face。

 Look at that face。 It's done。 He's buried。 It's buried yeah。 I from Den。 don't deal with。

You deal with her， you want to deal with her， skin me the way。

It doesn't seem like we rubbed you the wrong way， does it rub me the wrong way。

 Why do they like it that I say you Scandinavians rub me the wrong way？I'm providing comfort。

 I'm showing her。 you can feel at ease around me。 You don't have to feel。 I'm not gonna be weird。

 I'm not gonna be overly pushy。 So she likes it。 And by the way， I'm not。

 when you see me turning away from these people， like the bartenner guy or the Toddle versus Julian or this guy here。

 I'm not doing it on purpose。 It's just， I'm going where the energy is。 I'm in my flow。

 I don't sit there talking to people like。I'm not like there he goes。 like that。

 What I'm doing is I'm saying in my energy。 I'm staying in my proactive lane。

 And so if someone goes in a reactive lane， chanceances are， I'm not gonna to acknowledge it。

 It's not deliberate。 It's not there he goes。 Get him It's not that。

 It's just that you're in your proactive lane。 What it is。

 is that you're controlling the temple of your night。 And by being in control of the templeo。

 you'll stay in a proactive lane。 That's what's really happening here。Hey。

 don't judge fucking This is how you the。 bit youre go to French market right there。

 super fucking awesome Yeah check for two seconds if you don't girl will you guys want to come to French market with Imuring a poll here by getting the to say yes by backing off if she doesn't want physical。

 but joking to push buying temperature spikes。 She seems to respond to be being a little cheeky with her。

 So I use bit of that super cool let's just check out the menu。's see the menu。😊。

You go to the farm yes， We are going to home。Opening is an illusion。Watch the open with a kiss here。

 It's so natural。 You barely even notice it。 You'll hear when it goes。 Hi。 Oh。

 How do I know how to do that。😊，When I pull her in， I look for the whats。

The major difference between guys who know pickup and guys who don't guys that don't know pickup。

 They think there's a certain number of dates or pro this like logical protocol before they can kiss or have sex for me。

I be it could be a second，5 minutes。 It could actually be a few months。

 I might get to know a girl for a month before I try to kiss her。

 There's girls I slept with that I've befriended for a month。 If I don't see those big eyes。

 I don't escalate。Simple as that。 The main girl I'm currently seeing now。

 I met up with her walls up the Ying Yang。She would give me no attraction。

 So I brought her out to a club， Fed another girl right in front of her when she saw that。

 she couldn't get mad because I had taken her out。 She was showing no interest in me whatsoever。

 So I didn't sit there stuck on her。 I would ask someone else。

 She came back within our little group of friends。 Watch me downstairs hooking up with some other girl。

 and then was like， oh， O's the kind of guy that gets laid。 And she just kind of kept calling me。

 I hung out with her as friends a bunch of times。 You guys saw what she looks like。

 You can see why I'm not gonna to just throw it away。

 If she's calling me proactively to be my friend。 And she's also really cool。

 And then what happened was after hanging out like 6，7 times。

 She just calling me drunk one night and tried to have three of me and her friend。

I waited until she showed up naked with her friend in my bed。

 And then I knew I because he had me eyes with her， too。 and anime tities so。😀At recipe。

 a guy that knows game。 he just simply realizes he sees when the girl gets attracted and escalates。

 He knows what triggers attraction， but he also knows if it hasn't worked。

 So in the case of this girl， I pulled in I saw the I It's very unusual I do that。 if you like。

 and do that again。 you did do again that'd be because that's not predictable。

 But sometimes you pull a and you go like that you kiss and it's perfectly natural。

 you guys We were talking about the iPhone 5 by the way。

 I was asking if it was good now I about iPhone Did not mean'm take Russia。

 What you What's your name。forgot I think my plans were Alex dog slut。Nathy， nasty。 Now。

 I've done that because certain girls enjoy that。 Others don't。

 You guys have seen me approaching women who I'm incredibly charming and friendly and chill to。

 This girl is lighting up from that type of stick。 So she clearly enjoys it。 right。

 It's like somewhere like rough sex， somewhere else like romantic sex。 She's the more， you know。

 she wants to kind of wild。 What's also funny is that there's another guy who she's with right there。

😊，It's him。And because he's not giving that to her。Even though she's seeing him。

 she annihilates him for me。 I don't know that he's with her at the time。

 It's only later when I watched the video that I realized that he was。

That's what happens when you showed out2 seconds。 I'm just kidding。 I was just kidding。 I love you。

 just kidding。I love you I just kidding how could I ever No， but you're not so wrong， I mean。

 I'm sincere I'm not such a better person Yeah how do you know a friend。

How do you know your friend I know my friend because we are the same university from the same university。

 shes from the same university city but she is friends We are here like as exchange student You're an exchange how you I like I'm trying I like that you speak fast because I like people that think fast I think it really fast Yeah Why are you looking at my eyes so deeply you can change your point of view You can think about something else don't fucking shit talk me You don't tell me what to do Okay Youre not so so。

😊，Yeah。I'm not tolerate shit from you。 I'm just getting your sweet。 I'm making it up。

 I'm not like some crazyaz looy tune here。 I can just tell she's laughing。 I'm like。

 don't fuck of me and don't mess with me。 hit know right。 And she's like， hell dad right。

 So it's just role playing。 It's not me being serious。 It's role playing。

 I can see she's lighting up。 So it'll just continue down the。 Why not？ Unfortunately。

 this dude here who's the guy she's seeing and has been dating and having sex for a couple months。

 I thought he's just some jealous guy。 I I thought if she would kiss me。Right in front of him。

 I couldn't imagine that that was a guy she's sleeping with。 So I felt bad about it after， but。

 I mean。Geez， man， I mean， you know， you kiss to girl right off the open like that。

 You would assume that she's not gonna let you， she's not gonna be attract you like that if she's with that dude。

 So I thought he's just some player trying to get her。 So I just like viciously eviscerate him。

 But try not to like hold that against me because like I didn't know。 Okay。

 it's only later I'm looking in the video。 I'm， wait a minute。 I'm like， what's going on Yeah Yeahy。

Come dog dog come with me dog I didn't know， you know right I didn't know I'm the dog thing because she likes it I'm like the sweetest guy。

 I don't even like to fuck that or anything。 I just like to missionary。 like a girl that's chill。

 I'm。 but she seems like it。 So I'm just like dog dog And the more I she that I'm I'm trying help out here。

 Okay there's certain girls that like that。 I don't should around doing that。 I disrespectful。

 there's that youre。 here in Chicago。 I think there's a lot of high selfva girls that aren't into that。

 although this has high selfvas。 You can see it。 She's very intelligent。 she's a college student。

 So it's not high selfestste related。 It's justk's what floats their boat。

 people fetes everybody as crazy fetish。sva doesn't necessarily mean that。 Some guys are more。

 Some are sub maybe she's a little more sub。😊，🎼Not quite clear on it。

 but she just seems to like that whole thing。 And to the point， she's won to dish a guy to get it。

 So clearly， she felt deprived。 Great lesson there。

 Get into your woman's head and find out what she's into。

 I think him losing her is a reflection of not finding out what she was into。

 He should have explored a little bit more。 I've had polls where I pulled the girl because her boyfriend didn't want to do three sums with other girls。

 And she's into girls。 and then she'll meet me and she's like， oh。

 this guy knows how to do cold approach。 So he'll get me three Sims and then goes to me。 I mean。

 imagine losing imagine girls cheating on you because she wanted to bring other girls to fuck you But she felt shy to bring bring it up。

Dig deep。 And if they say they don't have a kink， keep digging。 Watch how much fun I'm having here。

 too。 This is basically my first approach the night。 by the way， periods in game。

 you'll find that you expect to pull your first approach。 It's the weirdest thing。

 So remember earlier， I talking about building momentum。

 Here was a phase in my game cycle where I'm just expecting to pull first approach。

 You got to see how I went in that first set。😊，You'll go through these phases where you just expected。

 I was kind of in that zone at that time。 I've been， I've been in and out of that my whole career。

 See， I always teach you to the lowest level， right。

 like for when you're not in that mode because I don't want to be like。

 you're always gonna be in that mode to pull your first set。 And then if you're not。

 you start beating yourself up and going in selfattack。 So I'm always like， oh。

 I need a lot of time to warm up。 You know， it's what you do in between So that that way。

 no matter what I do good。But there's other times where I know I'm just in that gear。

 I'm gonna pull my first set or two or three。 So if that's the case， right it。

 don't feel like you have to keep approaching or anything like that。

 If you know that you're just locked in then do it。 But then when you're。

 when you're not locked anymore， be honest yourself and then use the things I taught you。 Make sense。

 Okay， you can pull your first approach。 Don't get me wrong with what I'm saying。 But if you don't。

 don't start attacking yourself all crazy。 But a lot of time when you're in that gear。

 you kind of look like this， Can you guys see how much I have that selfbelie in this one。

 kind of funny to see the different behaviors， right。

 the different communications from different sets。😊，Oh my god。What the fuck。

Everythings as was an asshole。 I was an asshole。 I was a addict。 I thought you didn't know her。

 and then you I you're trying to take her。 I thought you're trying to take her。 I didn't know。

 Good to meet you。 My name is。 Yeah， sorry about that。 everything Yeah。

 I didn't mean to jump in on you like that。 She's a cute girl。

 I thought you're never guy trying to get her。 I know。So don she just wants a cigarette what。

Do you guys remember earlier when I said if a guy acts jealous in her reality。

 she thinks she's doing nothing wrong and he looks like the crazy one because of the lack of abundance？

Watch how this plays out here。 You'll see why I teach this stuff。 Like。

 I think some guys don't get why I hammer on this so hard， but it'll。I mean。

 look I'm not saying this happens every day， I'm not saying this is every couple， don't get me wrong。

 but there ist elements of it， and youve got to be aware of it， and that's why I teach what I teach。

系。お说。아리가。走在在。This is just reality to me。 This is my reality。 dude's tripping out。

 Girls getting attracted chaos。 And I'm just like， and that's life as a p I'm thinking that this dude is just some guy who's trying to get her that night who's jealous。

 And I'm letting him burn himself out。😊，该有咩嚟噶。Yeah。Right back in there。 you guys see that。 I love it。

 right，sn't it fun， How fun is that， Isn't it fun， Isn't it fun to be that guy， not the other guy。😊。

You don't dish me dog。Don't call me Do。 I'm a woman。 I love that。 Like don't call me Do。

 I' have a woman。 like as if that even needs to be said like as if you need to say that， right。

 Like come on， but she just loves the joking of it。 I have the same dog of you。

 I know but what do you know what this guy told me He told me have fun and he's like having sex means He's three mom。

 So I think he's fucking crazy。Okay， look look at the bizarre mental jumping jacks。

 like mental gumy to rationalize this。 he said go have fun， like is he saying go have fun。

 like go fuck him or is he like， if you're gonna do that then fuck have fun like how's he saying it？

Have fun then God， what a fuck。Yeah， but she's like， he's telling me to go have fun。

 I think he is crazy。 What's crazy about what he did。 I mean。

 and then the fact that he smoked cigarettes， where I his dumb and shit。

 what is he doing that's crazy。😊，Out for a night with his chiig。 I mean， good God。 like， you know。

 But again， the least needy guy who's just kicking it and chill， it doesn't look bad。 Like。

 does it look bad。 Who looks actually bad here， Me or the guy， The guy kind of looks bad， right。

But he's being punished for his over investmentvement and scarcity。

 I actually believe that there's like a lot of universal principles of like the universe that have to do with this。

 The universe doesn't want us to be in scarcity。 It wants us to be abundant。

 So when we get too much attached to things。 The universe says， he， man。

 you're gonna to learn a lesson。 gets pulled away。 You got to believe in abundance。

Maybe I'm really rationalizing what I did here， but I'm like the universe may be doing and the cocaine he is crazy。

そうない。How's a cigarette， Good， it's like a with mint， something like that。

 you want to try it I don't know。So I don't think that you like his girls that smokes if you don't smokes。

It doesn't matter relax。Thats crazy。 Does it matter。 Rex。

 How much smoother is that in some of the earlier sets that we watched them earlier。Does matter Lax。

 I have traveled Italy a little bit。 Yeah， just kind keep remember Venez like that， right。

 And then the， the talk occupies the mind while the sexual communication takes place。 Typically。

 the extended period in which you do not selfqu or appeared needy is what creates her preparation for sex。

 And then you lead it to isolation。 called that。😊，세 안。What I say。

The time you spend not qualifying yourself， not qualifying yourself and not needy。

's what because most guys can't resist。 It's like a kid resisting taking a candy， right。

 It's like it's like most kid， like they couldn't take the candy。

 So the fact you didn't take the candy。 It's what crazy attraction。 Most guys have to get needy。

 They have to so qualified。 So you just keep it kind of light and flowing。

 And then the natural sexual communication takes place through the vocal tonality。

 the eye contact tax。The fluidity， leading， you know， that kind of stuff。 And then， you know。

 body language， whatever。 So that's what creates all this attraction。 right， Because I mean。

 when you see it， what am I really doing is creating that much attraction。Well。

 I suppose the fetish that I've fed into is a little bit， but you know， you get the idea。

People are looking at us like at us look at this dog Look at her Okay is okay。

 but no no we in a different moment What's happened there。

 she says can we meet in a different in different place。

 she's implying is that we can get into isolation。 funny that I'm just people but she wants to。

 she also feeds pulling away validation and getting wet and aroused。 So that's another element it。

 most of my pickups are quite friendly。 know you seen friendly。 but know。

 I could play the wild once in a while the enjoy it know what I'm saying usually' bit hair span'm it。

 But the girl loves。 I'm happy to do it for her I'm not doing this I need do she just responding to And I'm cool to do it。

 makes sense。 part of herrousal process。 I can see it。

 I've long enough to see I'm good don't be doing that on a girl who's not looking for that。

 That's not。😊，And it's not going to help you and just make you look stupid and gives game a bad name。

 Don't do that， okay。Let's resist everything。Yeah why yeah。Heard me， okay， this is the point。

We can like no， no， no no。It's okay how to get to go home。I don't have cash food。Yeah。

I so I ask friends that waiting for me really you can like go home and go eat healthy keep home Do you want to come and eat with me healthy right now No I'm no hungry？

Okay， I'll let you go。Not really not really D me forever Good night me Good night forever like a dog I have your number。

 you have my number。 me like a dog Good night， just like some loser， really， you can call me okay。

You're cute， walk me。Walk me。 You don't have to come with me。 Just walk me。 This is very common。

 They try to get off of the number， even though they want to go on with you。

 So you kind of like acknowledge it。 you're like， okay， yeah， yeah， you know， we'll definitely。

 definitely trade number。 But here， just walk here for a second。By the way。

 this is the marina in San Francisco。 A explains the haircut。 hipster thing， San Franran， you know。

 the deal right， a little different。 The other thing is that the。The taxis in the marina a nightmare。

 She has not hardest to get a fucking taxi in the marina。And San Fran。

 you could want around for fucking hours。 This actual video is like 45 minutes of me walking around while stalling her。

 I just cut it off。 cause I don't think you wantna hear me stall her for 45 minutes。 It was crazy。

 if I I wasn on tape， I don't think I would have the patience to sit there like soldierolding it through。

 People are looking at us Look at us。 Okay， wait， wait， Look at this fuckinglu。 No， look at this dog。

 Look at her。 Look at this。 Look at look at her。😡，Wait， no。I mean， okay， it's okay， but not now。

 okay， can we meet in a different moment and different place， definitely okay？😊，I resist everything。

Yeah yeah。Heard me， okay， this is the point。We can like no， no， no， no no no。

 it's okay how to get to go home。I don't have passion。Yeah。

I I ask friends that are waiting for me really you can like go home and go eat healthy keep your home Do you want to come and eat with me healthy right now No I'm not hungry？

Okay， I'll let you go。Not really not really dish me forever Good night me Good night forever like a dog I have your number。

 you have my number。 me like a dog Good night， just like some loser， really， you can call me okay。

You're cute， walk me。Walk me， you don't have to come with me， just walk me。Okay。

 you got in the yeah and then go with my friend that's fair enough， of course。

 totally's safe I will were going too far Well you' just going to drive me out of my cab。

I don't where of my friends， okay， I'm your friend。I'm cooler than your friends anyway。Plus。

 your friends won't call you a dog like that Well。 she's like all my friends aren't here。 blah， blah。

 So she's thinking coming back， but she wants a test。 You ever go to buy something。

 You want to sample。So do you notice that like a lot of time I don't do these like hardcore tonguedowns。

 Sometimes I feel like that blocks them from coming home。

 but sometimes they want the tonguedown as as a taste test to see my theory is that they say in science books。

 They want to test your immune system and to feel the chemistry of kissing you。

 But I probably read too many books I'm way over thinking this。

 But watch you can feel she wants to test to see how it would field out sex。

 This is more of a go home for sex kind of pull。 Some polls are more of a go home to chill kind of pole。

 Other are for sex ten pole。 This is more of a sex kindop pole。 So she wants a preview。

Musster please。Hu。Coming me， walky。He's so fun， you're good kiss sir。It' because you're Italian。是。

This sky is the worst and this guy may thread Co or the worst。They are the worst。

He's trying to drop me off。Is cabs nowhere to be found。Where can we catch a cab around here？s okay。

You're always worried， but don't ever be worried around me， okay？Okay， okay， wait， wait wait。

 my friends are there I know Yeah， you。 Who do you see， He's back。😊。

Most guys would give up at this point。Game teaches you life。Find solutions outside the box。

 Don't just give up。 No， They can't see you。 hideide behind me。

Hide behind me please hide behind me don't This is crazy hide behind me don't let see you I connect that I'm drunk but I'm not drunk so I know what I'm doing。

 but no please please please。😊，I got this on bud， sorry。Really。

Yeah I was here yeah sure go ahead game also teaches you reflexes。And when you're being duped。

 you remember I said earlier， you talk about like， check and see if the guy really was your boyfriend。

 It to give you instincts。 I could tell from my instincts from doing game that dude。

 it wasn't his cab and funny with the instant replay with the videos。

 You'll see a lot of girls that will call cabs。 like， it's my cab。

 And you see the replay later and they were lying。 So he was lying。

 I caught the cab there and pulled。 What I like about that， teach you something about life， Reflexes。

 finding solutions and going for it。😊，Yeah。How did you know？Where are you going。

At this bar and my car is that way， I can't go back and。

how did you guys like the smoothness of that open？You catch shot？I't don' my name is a mystery。

 right。my你。关晒哥。Are you going to tip them shut up right now shut？

II don't haveiffany she didn't hit you she sha you nickname the chapter name。

I don't want to hear something like Sarah， I want to hear this chapter。

get the cash out or get on your knees get on your knees right now， get on your knees。

Make your wash it at your dishes get on your knees， get on your knees now it's just a joke。

 it's purely kidding， but what it does it shows her you're not needy and then it makes sure you get attracted。

the way pushes in me a little bit that's a bad sign her good sign she's playing good sign。And you no。

 I just meant like begging， what were you thinking you have a dirty mind。

Did you get it I got it goodbye give hug I'm going home Do you remember I taught you earlier the trick about saying bye as a way to reinitiate？

What I do there。Watch it again。Pay attention。Did you get it， I got it。Good give a hug。

 I'm going home。 That this twist。About。I'm actually really quite heavy because they forget。

When you that it was by and then they just go into the next stimulus and then you lead big fat there is your car This is your little what is it a little Ho。

 Its it actor have a close。Sude， I love you What's happening here？What'd she say？あ。

You know what I'm gonna make you do if you can't answer what you do， what she say。 Okay。

 is that an indicator of interest。 What happened， She saw me opening with leading and assuming familiarity。

 That assumes a high status guy。 She saw me chat without selfquification。

 She saw me stay in there without being needy。 And then she saw me tease her。

 which shows she can be comfortable。 What do do to her state。 up。 So as a result of that。

 her stays up。 And then she just feels all these emotions。 She's like， it's love it first sight。

 she's going crazy。 You'll see that girls love those scream。 You're awesome。 or I love you。

 and it happens because you're doing this。😊，Those guys just don't get it。Oh this wast a reappach。

 Like you literally said oh goodbye。 But like as if you talked her in the club。

 I have never met this girl before， what you saw her。

 The greatest compliment I ever hear is was this a reappach because it means that I abded by the principle of openers and illusion。

 It should look so smooth that it doesn't even look like you open。

 And then when the girls had sexy after she's like， where did you come from， Like you appeared。 Okay。

 good night you guys have a good night。 you gonna put in I got drive。 Okay， let's do it。 No， no no。

 get in the car get your car get your knees right now， Great falsechotomy。 Great falsechotomy。

 What are your two choices。 implying， there's no third choice of me not getting in the car。😊。

Get her knees right now。Okay， okay， show， chill。It's okay。She's laughing and giggling。

 That's why I'm doing that。 If any， she looked uncomfortable， I would jump sorry， sorry。

 I'd be out instantly faster than you could blink。😊，Oh， could actually drive， by the way。

 you look kind of drunk When I say that， I don't think she looks drunk at all。

 but I say could actually drive， by the way， again， I'm making a false psychochotomy。

 I'm implying that it's already a guarantee that we're going together to start putting it in。

I don't can I drive？嗯。Okay， okay， nice to meet you。 Nice to meet you。 Good night， Nice to meet you。

 Good night。 Remember what I taught you。 Nice to meet you。 Good night。 Good night Ca the。

 I'm night good night。 night night Okay， Good night。 I love you。 I love you。

 Where are you going right。 I'm home。 I can't go to your house。 No't you shy。😊，Yeah。

I'm just assuming， assuming， assuming， assuming， assuming。 And as long as she's smiling。

 as long as the bambi eyes are there， while I'll do this sort of thing。

 I'm was quick to get out of there at the slightest sign of discomfort。 again。

 slight tension in arms， her saying no it anyway。 her having the pupils going away。

 her having the smiling going away。 Her losing that high pitched。

 flirty tone in any kind of serious tone out， okay。Say after me， back off。

 say backing off is attractive。 Backing off is law。 That's right。 Okay， so you always just back off。

 say wet and out apologize。 Make her feel totally safe as you back off。

 and get the fuck out of there。😡，🎼Okay， say it's about respect for women。

 It's about respect for people's space to exist。 Okay， that's important。 Okay to understand。

 I have a deep respect for women。 theirs space to exist And any discomfort。

 I'm apologizing backing off。 But girls get it that you're gonna go approach。 You're gonna flirt。

 You're gonna be persistent。 They want you to be persistent and cool and go for it。

 because they don't want no guide to ever come。 You know， they want a guy to come meet them。

 So you try。 And then if it didn't work out you balance。

 And what winds up happening when you bounce anyway。 What do they say You're so hot。

 you're so cool and it's attractive。 seem like a very nice girl。 Im I think you're soul。😊。

I'll just show you the open office。 Watch how host smooth is open is look at again。

 the assumption of rapport， watch， watch the smoothness in the hands， watch。Invite。 What's my intent。

 I'm walking in， even though she's a group of people， what's my  intent。

It's on that I have to tell you， was a fucking bite and a half。Where are you from。

 There is no such thing as openness an illusion。 Every set is already open。Watch that open again。

Good bite that I have to tell you was a fucking bite and a half， where are you from boom？我。Okay。

 in smooth。 none in this bullshit。 L A L A， where do you come from。Maryland。

 I would have thought you were from Boston going a guess。Rightre there。Yard。I've been there。 near。

 You've been。 I'm in my 30s。 I'm in my 30s。 It's not that impressive。 I'm in my 20s。 Yeah。

 so that's impressive。 My 20s， I barely left my mom's basement。 That's gonna happen。

 You're attracting。 They want it， right， So you guys are seeing me go in there。

 like pretty like up front of shit， right？ Yeah， like it's pretty hardcore， but。😊，Is it really。

Big bambi eyes， big smiles， grabbing my hands， encouraging me。

You're not seeing me do that If it's going wrong。 What do I do as soon as it goes wrong。 Okay。

 very respectful。 I respect people's space， people's right to exist without harassment。

 But if I see a girl being inviting， I'll go for it。

 S as that a guy who's good at game makes everybody really comfortable and offers value。Okay。

 it's the people that don't learn game that are creepy because they don't know what it looks like what the girl's not liking it。

That's creepy。 Yeah， So all their friends like when they see this。

 they don't want to like but because it depends on the friends。 depends on the friends。

 Some are like fuck off。 Some are cool。 I'm a little bit more alpha than this peer group。

 So it's a little bit easier。 I'll show you the first few seconds and show you the quick number on it。

 I still sucking your move at that time。These are my friends， that's that's Kelly。

 you guys approve of our new relationship？I'm a really pale white guy。

 She's probably into that for somewhere to reach。 She's like a one girl into that。

 So I had to class on really tight。 A lot of non selfqualification。

 She's the one girl't I have to class one really tight。 And what am I doing again， chatting。

 loose chill， nonney， non selfqualing clear clear intent， freedom from outcome。

 congruent self amus entitled those key5。 And then basically the attraction just happens。

 You can do this all day long。 And it's integrated in who you are。 That's so cool about it。😊。

I just saw these head LA we're staying at his place next summer。And we're gonna be together together。

 In't that cool。 We be together and see this place。 What is that。 What do we call that。

 We learned that earlier， say it， What did we learn， What is it， Okay， gives the excuse。

 And notice how nice and chill and cool it is。'm being friendly to this girl。 You guys see me。

 Have you guys see me be a bit of an asshole in a couple sets today， Have you seen me behind energy。

 Have you seen me be friendly。 Have you seen me be like romantic chill。

 Have you seen me just being normal like here， Okay。

 so there' there's a combination of different styles。 There's no like R G styles。

 It's not about that。 RD is about those underlying principles over which you can overlap a particular style based on your mood at that time。

 how the girls spawning and so on and so forth， Okay， it's just a smart way。 And then basically。

 like I said， you just keep chatting And then you kind of go along with it。😊。

A little bit of leading here give me your phone number as I up in as续更 get a little compliance there。

哎你前天翻到没推嘅。Yeah， yeah， it's like a good solid。 Yeah， for numbers。

 Gus complain about getting flakked all the time。 They're not getting quality numbers。

 About half the delay I get come from numbers。 The other half are from poles。 should be about 50，50。

 You should definitely have girls calling you back。 Oh。😊，Ied the phone。sI'll hide it。

 Remember we brought that up earlier。 Ill hide it。 You guys started to see the full picture here。

Got to show this。Again， what happens when you compensate and use money versus just game watch。

This is why I tell you guys you guys will hear me saying， make money for yourself。But not for girls。

 Watch it happens when you don't go make money and have game。 But you know。

 realize that you're doing game of money watch。I like your dress， are you have a shot？

Where do you come from。Where do you come from？Really。

I didn't even know that people from Cl Le don' could get a passport to governor here。

 that's really cool。How do you know everybody here？That is not your boyfriend， I don't believe it。

I peeled her right off a dude， she is with his dude， and I peeled her right off。

 but I could tell that he is not getting her true attraction。 and that's why I did it。

Not because of his looks， but because he looks so upset。He does look。

That goes back to these principles Ive been teaching you all day。 He's getting reactive。

 He's going into his head。 What's happening， right。

You know sometimes' some weird stuff I teach an RsD that doesn't totally make sense。 Like meditate。

 you stuff like that。 selfimuse， joke right， you know， find your passions。

 Find your purpose like all this is to mitigate you against these massive crashes where you get needy in a downward spiral。

 And it trying to help you in this upward fun spiral where you're kicking it with your boys laughing。

 enjoying life， more into your purpose living by your values。

 And then you just approach and do it the way we're showing And the girls is like boom boom boom boom boom go into an upward cycle of bun。

 It's really cool。 I so passionate about it because when you get it。 It's just like this all day。

 Some bad days， too。 You know don't get me wrong。 I have bad days， too。 But you know what I mean。

 there's a lot of this。 More this than the bad stuff。😊，guys， you keep it girls hot as here。

 you can't be jealous。I see I'm datingd a lot of hot girls and if I'm even a little bit jealous。

 they don't me get rid of me when I was younger， I learned that you are so。

They're like dead over with it， they're like。So how do you know him？华为。How do you know him？

Why are you in my？There that just。Yeah。🎼Are you O。I know you。 I tell yeah， I know you。No。

 you don't know me。I David I know you you can even stand gay if you want。

I'll tell问几 if you want tell them几噶。She loves it。 I'm like， tell I'm a gay guy。And she's like。

 but you're not， right， I want you to observe the glee at which she enjoys deceiving a provider mill。

The Gee， a provider meal， the glee。The glee。Agly。🎼Watch。🎼我险哪的。No， no， not。And I can pay it， I mean。

🎼She's also。I'm to take this shot。🎼喂，我以后呢那个人直接学会。😊，家州。Do that trick over there。はい。She's so cute。

 She's so。Okay。Yeah， yeah， she I want to take her shopping this way she's so sexy， I love this。

 Did you buy her this dress？How are you guys to join Miami？来。If you I'm me to leave you。

 I'll take your number。你两个。She wants me to slip it so he doesn't see the phone。

 but I can hide the phone What' that？No， but I can find the phone I can hide the phone。

I then move a little further name。I want you to observe the complete and utter casual disregard that she asked for a provider mail。

 And the reason why is because he in her mind， she feels that the provider mail utilize money and dangled it in front of her face to manipulate sex from her that he shouldn't get because she doesn't actually feel attracted and I work like a dog。

 I mean， I work crazy hours， I believe in being financially successful。

 I want you all to be financially successful。 I want you all to work hard。

 I want you allall to crush it。 I teach you these principles， so you can crush it。

 I'm also very proud to say that almost every intern that I've ever had。

Its iss financially successful now， just being around the mentalities and the hustle from R SD。

 Most of my past interns， Rudden。😊，At least a  seven figure business now， little dorks。

Dorky fucking dorky little dudes who are bossing up now to the point that I'm hoping they'll return my phone calls。

 There's something about guz。 If you look at the people around them。And you're like。

 is that guy actually his old man or if you just have little yesment around him。

 You can tell the long term ramifications of their teaching。 You know。

 some people get frustrated that RD has like some variations in the philosophy。

 One thing guy teaches this。 and guy teaches this。 Some people even have conspiracy theory that we do that's confused people。

 Hol up。If I've got every single guy in R C teaching identical to me。

 what does that mean about am I surrounding myself with guys that are their own men or am I surrounding myself with like just little clones。

 I want you to crush it。 Don't take this as me saying not to crush it。

 All that I'm saying is go crush it financially， but also learn social skills。

I'm not saying one or the other。 I'm just saying both。 That's it。

ThatSo I'm telling you why look at it do you want to be that guy Do you see the casual disregard to which that girl plays no regard to like what she's doing。

 I see that day in and day out， you don't want to be that guy attracttractor with personality mon'ies for you to enjoy you want to do cool shit together cool Look know does they have some factor in her decision making process in being with you maybe but also frankly。

 no guys that keep girls around just by making them chase their validation or just by being fun just by being best friends So no need to feel like that at all okay。

 it's about your values of living the way you want make enough money that you're happy with。

Live up to those values。 The girl want to be with you。

 Girl would rather be with an artist who's living by his values。

 doing his paintings and just loving it than some rich guy that's like stressed out just ditches her all the time。

 And then she wants to fuck the gardener。Yeah， one second。い。I'm not hitting on her。🎼要火水。

This is the tone of voice and I see this day in and day out。大家的。What's your name again？

And if my name On， you're so buggging here。This is going to show you。This is going to be a great。

 I just want to let it play through， And this will be a great way to kind of wrap what we learned here and see it all kind of come together。

 So what I want to see， what I want to see。😊，Is you guys really kind of get it here。 Okay。

 what you'll see me do is just a nice mix of a nice Latina girl。😊，Good quality phone number。

 self amus， entitled congruent。 and just applying it in a nice quality number。

 Then I get outside and act like a bit of a dickhead。

 and I start like rumbling it out with these dudes。 Don't do that。 You'll get killed。

Let me get killed for your entertainment and just stay alive。

 But you'll see me rumbling out with these dudes because I'm an idiot。 really listen to。

 as I say not as I do。 It was just me being dumb for the camera。 You know。

 certain people do dumb shit for the camera， but it could actually hurt them。 That's what I did。

 Always be careful。 Don't fuck with that。 It'll， you will absolutely regret messing with dudes and getting into fights is it。

 But I was just being idiot because I was on camera And I was risking it。 This one I got kids。

 I wouldn't do shit like， I don't recommend it。 Then from there。

 you'll see me pull a girl who's crazy。 Now do you remember I said。

 I mean a lot of really smart girls。 And I also me crazy girls。

 This is a great example of a crazy girl。Why do I pull this crazy girl Because she's crazy。

 And I was stand the shit test。 funny thing about crazy girls seem the hardest。 actually what。

 because most guys crumble they don't have a lot of options in men。

 So what you'll see is a nice sweet girl who I interact with in kind of a cool chill way and connect with。

A smart girl， a cool girl， a nice connection。 And then you're gonna see me go。

 That's one of my main specialties in game。 And then you'll see me switch into my other specialty。

 which is crazy chicks。😊，🎼Okay， and you'll see me Poer。 And I'm just doing it just for fun。 You know。

 I'm not even caring if I have sex of this girl or anything like that。

 I'm just trying to show how to pull a crazy girl for fun。 Some guys see it。 they're like。

 why would I even want to do that， Just a hobby。😊，🎼。あ。🎼1么了。Its my military friend。Very shy。

 other side。My name Su。我在。🎼Go表A。🎼我 onな。🎼抓着吧。Oh。I've heard of this place。It rights me。

I've heard of the valley and just right because it's like to me it's like this like unknown place in LA。

 the girls that I dated live that I didn't go to。🎼1啦2。Its like a pig， I heard it's like a pig。

Are you from a kid that's amazing， how do you survive？What is your racial background？Are you person？

Its a bad for you's not here now， make your parents just own you and you get stoned in the field for talking to me like stone's in death。

I think you should be stone and death for talking to me。I you。I don't know， I can， you seem smart。

And first girls aret really smart because their parents did like beat them and like burn their for of cigarettes if they'll study。

Are you， Latinina。🎼我来地呢。Its spicy。🎼看到我。🎼是。🎼S。🎼W， were you。Not America。

 No from America Can you guess I'm not from America。I'm not from America， I'm not American。Russian。🎼。

You Americans are the worst， you never realize who the fucking person in the same accent as you is。

The other country with white people the sound American。There's only one。

 think about it carefully and where we're very nerdy because that's on such nerd you there？

I'm a hugenerd。I'm smarter than you。Because I'm not as good looking for happened to me。I mean。

 I mean I wasn't when I was younger you know walk didn what not， but what do I do a million？Youre。

 you know youre I know my idea really， I'm not going to you away。You are so light， this is amazing。

I want to throw you into the ceiling and like have your ceiling pulled you to the second root and then have your feet dangling out and then you can dance because you're Latinina and you're like stimulated by music so you just be dancing anyway like totally oblivious。

在で。🎼Yeah， okay， so wait。🎼因为。Go o on， what do you win No what do you， you're against right。

 you're thener。I know I'm just dumb， I'm actually just like some like good looking like actor。

And I just I thought it'd be kind of like acting the role of a nerd right now， you know？

You're not getting my way very well your weight 105， 111。I it heavier I can look your bed。

Really I'm getting strong。Yeah，ve been in the gym， check it out。Get strong。What is？Get fuck。🎼I dad。

I came with my budny Julie。🎼The baby she doesn come with me。

 maybe you could come with me and you didn't live in the valley and the fucking pit of the valley。

In the fire room。🎼给你抱回来。You look strong。You have a nice delitage。I learned that word on television。

Now I'm just talking your rapping eating I'm sober too， that's the worst part of all this。

I too funny to be Caucasian。I know I have a good explain。You got some rotten sting in。

You make it try， I'm feeling driving enough。一张。🎼要め路べ阿め路べ。🎼No know， like online。

Huper birthday September 30th。🎼Webra。I heard I heard。Like 18 million times， so I'm solving truth。

Yeah。What does that mean？P。That's just less like trained for years of like being abused by my dad and mom。

They kept me in the basement phobe。こあて。And。I paying to paying forward。If you dated me。Id like。

 here's what I would do okay I would take you to this like really expensive dinner even I'm like this nice guy that you can like chew for dinner。

 but then I'd take you to my house in a band。And I chain you in the basement and I give you like an old like Super Mario Nintendo game like only the original Mario。

 not even like a good one， right， but you like that right？And then， basically。

I would and then I would bring down I would feed you food okay。

 until so you get down to your ideal weight to whatever you just say you want I think you're at your ideal weight。

 but you think the thing that you want to be lighter。

And then what I would do is I would throw you through my floor into the ceiling and make you dance like I was thinkingm doing here。

🎼啊。🎼我猜。Are you are you my age， how old are you？Well I'm 31 and I love the original Mario。

 you love the original Mario， you might be a little older than you look。

To me you would like you're 24， but if you like Mario， you might be older。🎼Are you， O。

You know how I can tell？I can tell by a crfe and by。How articulate you are。🎼A you。🎼You只。🎼What then。

Whatり。🎼Nexting is your。I know。 I know。Well。And then my mom's basement。

Nan of essential predator and jealous。Don't worry， he's French， he can't help it。哎。We little。🎼小心关题。😊。

Now， I stole a girlfriend from them last night Is your revenge。喂来来。How are you doing， M？骗过了。

Did you really want to know？🎼O。I left Canada when I was 15。And。🎼えいみませんジ円はいエジ円。🎼输爷。🎼やばい。

Com over right here。Okay， you take， you take。🎼my。Okay， what did you want to know？

Everyone wants you now。No hes smoking me I pumped them bad last night。We do it as a joke on route。

 we just plug at each other Oh you guys grab each other's girls。

This is a joke though like not like not like a girlfriend， you know， just like as a joke。

It's a macho thing。 It is。 Okay， so check it out。 Okay， so what did you want to know。

 What were you asking， No， no， no， I don't want to know anything。 I was just。Well。

 let's just wonder what you do for life because you're。So art it。I am a nerd。Very good way it work。

And I hold it back too。Well， I'm a second major I can add help to you I was a philosophy major。🎼Yeah。

 I was。I'm 31 now Yeah， I never even picked up my diploma either I graduate I never even picked up my diploma I and I graduated from like a Ivy League school like Uganda。

Oh yeah， I remember meant mention that， okay？Now you're go dancing to house music song。I love you。はは。

You've never met a man like me that's a perfect line Oh yeah。

 all that peanuts all about like a shallow one like a shallow love。The shallow love it comes。

Before you kiss me off， before you become Nie， before you become a stalker。

 before you send a thousand text messages to my phone， I never before you went broke into my phone。

 I never do any of your love really。You didn't。あ。一下。I love this song。

I'm getting ready to do a crazy hike， by the way， I'm getting ready to do a fucking crazy fucking hike next week in a week from now I'm going to go to Hawaii I'm going to be there for two weeks okay？

And I'm going to go to the Nepali Coast。And the Nepali Coast is like the most fucking。

 it's like an 11 mile hike， right？It's through the sides of cliffiffson shit。

And then I'm going to camp out there for like five days。And then hike back。Oh my god， you want to。

 Oh my god， you handle it， Are you got You look at。Thanks。It feel， I've been preparing。そな。你要会。在用。

Do it。Redoing my mic， by the way， came up。Okay， who are you here with， by the way。

 where are you your friends at， I don't want to gain too much trouble。This very。We to the university。

When I was 24， if I would have seen you I'd be like，笑了。Hey， you want me to call you？All right here。

Okay， I got to figure how to use my new phone though， okay， I don't really know。It's an iPhone。No。

 okay， like I live in the hills so I got the droid because it has4 year reception that the iPhone doesn't have a good receptions something oh my God。

Okay， so let me try to see if I can figure out how to use this thing。ああ。It's like a supercomputer。

 all you have to do is dial the number。And then I'll say that in my。

Because if you called and I don't know who you are， I won't be。Because you have other stalkers。

Does he have other stalkers？Ah，You give your number to the wrong guy。That's so funny。

 you picture me as being needy？Do you picture me as being meetingy？No。

 actually I'm not but you know what I were no if you were， I would have， you know why for me。

 actually like non relaxed。Non neediness for me is like a religion， actually。Okay， yeah。

 like being self amused， not like needing the world's reaction。

 drawing your emotional state from within yourself， enjoying the process of life， not the result。

What is it。's youre taking too long， y， like Oh， it's like that， it's like that。7，1。8，7，1。系系。

IfYou have to send me message， though， don't call， okay。Hey this ishen， and what's your name？

I remember everything about you， just know your name。

So I had to learn how to pronounce a new language if I tell you。

Now if I run back to my friends or you have your here you're good I' okay， nice be meet here。

 you're funny。Ch， yeah。Say like awesome。Awesome。Stands。Wa。No， no。Come with me and said。Gorow and eat。

Com me to eat going guys going We're going to have E cafe。 Where is that。West West， No， no。

 just a second。 Oh， really。 Are you a liar， Are you lying， Don't you lie， No lying。 I'm anti lying。

 That's a lie。 Now I'm gonna be even more of a dick before I was gonna let her go。

 Now I'm just gonna be a dick。do you all know other party party Hollywood well do it Hollywood。6。

Good night。Come with me， come， yes。That's my boss。No。

 because you lied because you lied and we're friends。Okay， just come say bye， come say bye。

 come say bye， come say by， no violence， hey， never， no， no violence。

 not illegal to talk to a girl if you don't know， never illegal to talk to a girl， never。

 not illegal to talk to a girl。Not illegal to talk to a girl dude， yeah， yeah yo。

 not illegal to talk to a girl， dude， this is my friend dude just ain't Bier。

You some violentmen you're with right here violent dude threatening the shit。 they love you。

 they want to get with you Now your friends are。Okay。

 I'll call you tomorrow it was a pleasure it keep have fun it。😊，I just got a dude。はい。

 how are you little bit。系到家。you hi there getting hit on it's not like a hit on it's like a friendly conversation's okay it happens to me every week and then I'm I'm sorry this is my you moment my pleasurecca overcca。

🎼That个。It was over me me got 24Good night。我要。You know how to party， who are you？HOwen， Owen， Owen。

 Owen， here like this。Like this， like that tighter， tighter。

 all got mad in like weird like creeper mode， you know？Where did you just come from？好上。それ。あます。

seriouslyiously trigger。How long have you guys been together？'s not I'm going to run away， okay。

I mean， I'm just a harmless dork anyway， but still not all right。Good night have fun。だて。You。

Come come come， you hold my hand like my grandmother holds my dick come。Be friendly。 I'm very sweet。

Very very sweet， very sweet， where do you come from。

 what's your accent from I didn't say that and stop calling clues that's rude。No。

 I'm not clueless am I from smarty I'm not American oh you' checking your stocks there like you going trade that shit on the Nasdaq and shit。

You lost folks on your water， On。い。欧文。Nice to meet you。Where are you going？Y。

 I'll take you to get water right now， Rovelt Roosevelt。Come。Focus hold。

I'm done I'm a good my girlfriend， No， get out the phone。は。Come girly， comm with the me， Madmoiselle。

Ohly shit， man。Youとるからちゃと。have your right。 I'm right。 I'm sober。

 look at me in then in Hollywood Thats。I'm a good driver I your ride I'm officially your ride we're going to get water right now baby your shoes look good yeah。

I know that look you You look good， where do you come from。

 Tell me Mexico South America god you don't know where I'm from Okay。

 where am I from like me god sorry。What。Tighter。How the fuck am I boring way I'm a sweetheart。

 I love you。' You will call me a clown aown I am a clown okay。😡，🎼That's cool。 Oh my God。

 Where are we going Roosevelt right there Roosevelt。 I sexy。 Look how look， you met a good man。

 Everything is good。 life is good。ter I am a psycho I am like Dexter Puerto Rico。

 How are you such a diva。 if you're from Puerto Rierto Ri Puerto bit I'm not smartest man you've ever met Puertoto Ri now now。

😊，I I'm not American， I think I want to be friends with him do it and say do it American do it and you're going be I'm not American I'm your Dter。

这不。Pio's Dexter。Oh my god， down。no and no friends。Rush it。

 you don't have a girl with high heels of you， you can do it。We want I trust。😊，Yeah。走。自分の。

That's where I live。Have you been？Right there， that first building。To the right。Here。

 it's a straight。🎼。🎼会。Sit there。Finally，Finally。It。so where's your family from Canada？

evenIf you date a lot of assholes， I think you do， you want a one No I I had that luck a couple No。

 you know why you date assholes because you have a very strong personality and any normal guy would be so scared of you it's ridiculous。

🎼You know what I wonder me was It's not your fault。 No， it's not fault。 you're a woman， you're fiery。

 It's not your fault， but a lot of guys would be fucking frightened loyal kind of TV host。

you were a TV host for a relationship show were a host for a relationship showWould yell them you are a little pussy？

Give me a key so I can try to pull back your house。🎼Yeah。Yeah。这个。は。🎼と思って巴じ込んていいよ。🎼ここからあるじゃない。🎼や。

🎼同埋美国几多见朋友。Some말 better。🎼ままか。あい。🎼。Yeah。🎼Yeah couldn。おい込みが母さんとわなっ。🎼フラストめニコエチョンならの。

🎼But they are about you， but who easy， but who easy， I don't know somem fucking good man。

 Yeah out salad。We need an extra blade。What's that。🎼I。Yeah， hey， could I get grab an extra plate。

 please？🎼娘。で。还是。Yeah。Dry by it。2。Yeah。Why do you like live in downtown？

You goes that awesome building。It a nice pool， I have a great view。

It's probably the best apartment in the building No you ever go to Lakes， No no。

 I go down Tom Lo of Lake。🎼Yeah，你还边 doing，我来这个 one嗯。I like it because it's very artsy。

 I like the people it's more more interesting people not the big Hollywood very thank you Yeah it's really good Thank you very much。

🎼I， come， let's go。I。🎼中国。아我真。爱的选刻。Thank you。You can't bring that out of here。Come。ま。

How's your night hang out briefly。Not reallyally。对。Mhm。You coming？How's your ride？Wast bad。

I had a fun night too。A are you glad you met me？Yeah， of course。

Do you guys notice like when I really get down to teaching， like I'm like I love to teach。

 you guys see this。 I love it， right， And when you guys see me do free tour。

 that's gonna be just riffing and stuff。 but at hot seed。

 I love to come really fucking dig in I get intense。 You know I get amped up。

 I try to present like a really nice motivational bit for you earlier today to get you prim to God and do this。

 I try to show you the ropes here。 Do you guys feel like you know the ropes of game at this point。

 That was really my goal。 I want you to really know the ropes。

 I want to really accelerate your learning curve here。 So this will be fun to watch。

 then you're gonna get into Madison who's gonna actually get you doing it。 Okay。

 so you're gonna be getting the exercises next and get you fucking doing it。

 And that's really the best part coming live。 There's nothing else like it because when you do the exercises。

 it becomes a complete shit show and you're gonna be doing the skills that you learn and you're gonna be taught all of it。

 I didn't。😊，課長は？あすが。really appreciate。Thanks for got。说样。おます。I。I appreciate you coming so much share。

いお願い。much yourself。You guys pumped to go out tonight？You guysパチ go。All right， sweet， okay， okay。

 guys， guys， get your phones， get yourself and dumb， I haven't even been in to bed in two days， fuck。

 give yourselves a hand right now， give yoursels a big fucking hand。No， get your phones。

 get the fuck out there， go crush it what I tell you guys at the start of the shit。

 oh you're tired faggory out。Get out there， I've been bed in two days I just ripped that shit you can't go pimp it get your fucking shit while talking in your head go hit the fucking trees。

 otherwise you should watch more infield until later get your house out there let's go that's games you can't do oh you had to watch a video all day get out there take get ready to go out。

