# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：10第十周 任务8：10. Week 10 - Mission 8【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，🎼By。Welcome to the next mission for the week and what I want to do this week is put your attention very specifically on what in my opinion。

 is a much more important aspect of success with women than walking up and talking to girls itself now I know that probably fucks you up right like what's this thing that's more important than actually engaging with the girls like you know。

 if're gonna pick up girls， what could be more important than walking up and actually picking up the girl？

And in my opinion， and I'm going to throw you for a loop here。

It's actually what you do in between the approaches so when I'm watching a guy going out and talking to a bunch of girls say to nightclub。

 I'm looking less at what he's doing in the interaction itself and I'm looking a lot more at how he's acting in between the interactions what could that mean well when you go out and just have an incredible time when you go and you have a good attitude when you go out and you know。

 you engage with friends and other people there？And the way that you interpret the night overall is positive。

That's what makes your results positive is's a lot less to do with what you do in the interaction itself now why do I say that？

A place that real social dynamics differs a little bit as far as our approach to success with women from maybe some other teachers who I've seen out there who I think are all amazing。

 but just sort of a different focus or emphasis that we have is less on demonstrating impressive qualities to the girl demonstrating attractive qualities and it's more on assuming attractive qualities so basically the frame that I come from this is a little weird okaym going to explain to you my underlying frame my underlying frame is that game so to speak how to pick up women is actually naturally in you it's already there and in fact。

 really you're just getting in the way of that happening but you as a man that behavior is already inside you and so rather than teaching you how to game a girl what I'm trying to do is unlock that capacity that's already inside you so the general frame that I come from is if you're a dude and you can walk up to a girl without self- qualifyaling without qualifying yourself trying to press her without being a pervert without。

Needy or desperate。Without questioning yourself or showing some kind of weird， creepy。

 lower status that comes from just。Not being clear in who you are。

 not being clear on what's going on if you can do that and just have a chat most of the time girls will be attracted like I can tell you right now most of the time if I'm at the grocery store and I can say walk up to a girl。

And I'm like what's up Oh cool what's your name Oh my name's own how's it going Oh are you into this Oh yeah we like to do that Oh we do this Oh what are some common interests Oh that's kind of cool。

 what are some different interests Oh that's neat Oh cool And if I just do that what I generally find is the girl will be like so do you want to trade numbers I just see that a lot And then if I say what do you doing right now know what we're going over here now do you want to go it has this and this and this upside and by the way you could leave any time you could bounce any time maybe what's kind of pop up you could bounce any will pop up。

I just see go good， I don't really see that go poorly， I see consistently even with gorgeous women。

 it just tends to go very well now when you hear that I know what you're thinking you're like， well。

 you know， you're a pickup master and youve done pickup for all this time。

 dude I'm not a fucking pickup master。OkayI'm a guy that goes up to girls and talks I'm a guy who found out a way to have the balls to do and have a good attitude towards it okay you can call that a pickup master I guess。

 but that's what I'm doing So I was on the telegram group just recently And a guy said you know I get nervous to approaching the day I get nervous to open in the daytime and I said dude it's not opening' you're chatting and he's like yeah okay is that not in the jar anymore like is that not part of the pickup jar anymore It's like。

Yeah， okay， like and I'm like， dude， you're not robbing a bank， you're chatting with people， okay。

 so you hear that sound right now don't if you can get hear in the background it's police iron right？

You're going to do some game。The police sirens going off if you're doing some fucked on shit。

 it's not like that you're just chatting， so my view is。

If I'm going to go in there and chat with the girl。

I assume by default that that's going to go well in a lot of girls per night， Okay again。

 let' let me say that again， I assume。That when I just go chat a girl that by default。

 a number of those are going go well so I don't put my focus on chatting girls。

 I'm not worried about chatting with girls， I'm not worried about pullinging girls。

 I know I'm gonna to pull girls I know I'm gonna to have sex with girls I know I'm going to chat with girls that's。

😡，You just chat。That's it。 Like， do you realize how you guys can do that。 So if you can just do that。

 you stood ahead above every other guy almost。 Okay， so don't worry so much about that。

 But what I do want you to think about is what you're doing。😡，In between the interactions。

 which very few guys understand properly gaming is not really that complex like you just go in and you're like hey。

 what's up。Hey。What are you doing， what are you doing Oh cool right。

 just like be normal and then they either like or they don't。Right， so that part。

 that's going to happen either way， that's just going to do what it's going to do what is that that is a guarantee。

What is not a guarantee？Is that you spend your whole night approaching and engaging or sitting there doing fuckhole okay。

 that's not a guarantee， 100% chance you're going to be a normal cool guy and。Low chance。

That you're going to work the club， like see those girls just walk by。

 there's a very high chance that I'm not going to open now。

There's a very high chance that I'm going to rationalize。おい。🎼这个操作的方。They're walking too fast。

 they're trying to get to their friends right？100% chance I'm going to be a normal cool guy and said hit interaction。

 very low chance that I'm gonna to actually， like the chance to me on a given it night of actually engaging the whole night。

 how many nights on average you guys think you engaged the whole night？And yet。

 when you do what happens？Yeah。good you feel fantastic because you get in a flow so I don't worry what I'm doing in the interaction I just concern myself。

With what's in between the interaction I see guys that say go out in the daytime to approach girls for daytime game and then they're just literally like wandering randomly trying to find women psyching themselves out so you've got to think about these things right like you know say that you're in a venue with a lot of high class tables how are you working those tables how are you how are you maybe even bringing girls to that table to offer to introduce to the guy who owns the table you know the guy whose table it is and then switch up and meet his girls how are you working that in between likewise you know in the daytime like are you just walking around a somber like I'm a somber guy and oh there's theres the girl theres the girl？

Think about this right How could you maybe put in some headphones。 How could you roller blade。

 How could you maybe， I don't know， do some shopping or be in a place that you love or maybe I don't know roller blade or some shit right like what could you do to make it fun in between And when you put an emphasis on that now you're in your world you're in your reality And the more that you think about this the more that you'll be clear in your intent as a macro level intent not just I intend the girl for the girl intent for no intent for life you're already in this nice clear intent and now you're already in intent momentum So even for me like when I do daytime。

 What I've noticed is that if I go out say on a boot camp I'm like let's find girls the mall and then we just wander the fucking mall looking for girls then we finally find them。

 I'm all psyched out I psych myself the fuck out， I can do it like I can't make myself do almost anything at this point。

 But I'm making it a lot harder than it has to be。 But when I'm not and know on my intent。

 I'm shopping now now I'm gonna grab a bite stunning woman Oh， hey。

How you doing I'm already in my own intent。 That sort of macro intent。

 not the micro intent of the girl， everything's about the girl。

 but that micro intent of how I'm walking through life。 that translates right onto the girl。

 You just ease right onto her likewise， You know， take with the tables right what I'm already like oh。

 here， meet my friends here this is the guy whose table it is you guys meet each other and then I walk into the girl。

 I'm clear in my intent and just like， okay， sneak my way in on the girl。 Now， bear in mind again。

 how many nights have you come out interactions and you're like。H many nights to meet done that。

Right， so here's what you can control number one， you're smiling when you come out of set。Number two。

 you find something funny about it， number three， you don't judge yourself in it。

 and number four you get into another interaction immediately okay？But it so。Assume game is in you。

 okay， assume the game is in you， you're already naturally going to have game。Because you're a guy。

 you're not an idiot， you're a guy， you have a dick， games in you。RightEvery guy here has a dig。

 every guy here has game， but what are most of them doing if we look around？

Some the marine interactions， but mostly with their friends and the ones that are not here with girls are going to sit by the bar like this drinks at the chest。

I just want you to know。Where。好。go and they're not even really bobbing their head like they don't even like it。

 they're just like。And right， so why don't we start off one guy at a time， okay。

 let's see I'm going to watch you， I want you to do。A 15 second set。

And then show me how you come out。And how quickly you get to the next one， okay？So 15 seconds。

 I want to do four。Okay， and then we're going to go to the next guy。

 so this will take about 10 minutes， okay， so 50 seconds， 15 seconds in。

But let's not focus on what you do because once you're in forting seconds， realistically。

You can always go back anyway because they just think you're fun So it's almost like an Instagram video Okay we'll call this the Instagram video method。

 So for this week's mission， I'm going specifically focus you on what is happening in between the interactions。

 And the basic assumption here is your game is already fucking perfect。 In fact。

 game doesn't even exist。 Okay， there's no such thing as game。

 The fact that you're a man you can walk up and you can chit chat is the fucking game。

 You've already got the fucking game。 Just walk up that's it。 that is game。

 What I want you to do instead。😡，Is focused on what's happening in between the interaction。

 all of your focus。 Okay we all to focus。 we can focus on one thing at a time。

 usually what is that thing for this mission， It is what the fuck you're doing in between the interactions。

 I'm gonna ask you this be honest with yourself What are you doing in between your interactions Are you joking with your friends Are you assuming that every single interaction was awesome。

 Are you smiling， laughing and tap dancing around the fucking club。

 Are you sitting there like a little bitch going that approach wasn't great， This wasn't great。

 How did I looking in there Okay I want you to really think about this。

 I also want you to think about the venue in and of itself。 How are you going from group to group。

 I want you to think about this。😡，How are you going from group to group How are you going from groups to your friends to maybe grabbing some water to the dance floor to just perusing wherever you're going if you're in daytime。

 how are you going about your day do you have a general MO of when you talk to girls Where are you gonna lead them to Are you just gonna sit there with your fucking dick in your hands Here's my dick you my hands Tom fuck are you actually have a game plan of where you're gonna move them to and move them around and how that corresponds into's your overall night So I want you to think more about your movement within the venue of where the girls are Instagram video you have 15 seconds right so you ask yourself what can you do within 15 seconds he's already got the girlss already smiling there He's already in the next one how he doing on the twoet here？

😡，Pretty good， right， okay now？Okay， make a big impact and leave and let's see how you go to the next one。

Did you make an impact or did you walk out weirdly Oh Okay now how's your face What's he look like？

Smile。And then we say here's the key， here's the key to it all if we say to him。

 how did it go in there okay， 100 out of 10？So irrational， okay。

 you want to be irrationally positive now even if it goes bad and I say how to go。

What do you say's 1 out10 Why is it1 out of 10 Now there you go a big smile。

 good How to go good0 out of 10 and that girl there is overweights。

 Why would we still go in on the overweight not super hot girl that these girls are very beautiful because you want it's not result oriented but also number one you want to train yourself So the very first one that you see you go in because otherwise what do you do。

 what happens if you judge too much assuming that the club is still is mostly hot women mostly or at least decent women then what you do is you go right in the next one here's a few reasons why one she can be fun she may have a great personality So your mood goes up even if a girl's not super hot if she's fun。

 your mood is gonna go up。Number two， you're trading yourself so you'll go right in。

 so what you're doing now is you're pulling down the importance。

If the girl's hot because when we see the 10， you don't want to give any importance。

 so by going in on her and having fun， you're stripping away the power of the 1 to dictate the fun of your night。

 you have to strip the 1s power。To be able to make sure if your night's foot or not because if you're waiting for the 10。

 you're giving her all the power because now you're waiting for the 10。

 and then if you don't do well then she took the foot away so you're going it and you're trading yourself to falling with people just socially okay so that we'll go in here we'll do this one now right after you go in I want you to make as big of an impact as you can within 15 seconds and then I want you to give her a hug bam right in the next one okay pop on the friend too a bit。

 pop on the to together eating to get both though you need to get bone。

Ask them how they know each other。Guys， now give a big hug。

 say you have to go and then we're going to go to the next one。Pop in the next shit， okay。

 now there you go， a big smile right away and no judgment on the girl。Yeah， exactly， exactly。

Whatever you see， get in。あだよ。Okay。They got a nice big smile。Everything's flooded happy。

How did he do why do we say amazing and not just good， why？

Why is it important if you're saying in business？And you had a losing month。

And then you say that was awesome， why is that bad。

 because you could lose so much money that you have to sell your house？

You need there's a metric you can say it's good as far as progress。

 but you don't want to lose your whole company you have to fire you and lay off your staff right so you don't say that was awesome and keep losing money in business the metric is。

Money。Now here， the metric isn't honey because the metric is fun。So if you say it's good。

 is that fun， like how was， how was like， you know。

 going to the NBA finals and watching Kobe win the championship？It was good。

Is all right okay but now again so it's amazing now when you say it's amazing you're conditioning yourself to get into a better mood。

 what is game， game is fun。Right game is actually fun so already when you went in there did he do anything that's he like objectively speaking。

 how are his reactions I thought they were all very positive and I saw traction in all of them now that being the case。

Did he really do any game， was he gaming so to speak？I didn't agree。Was he gaming？

He just being a guy， you're a guy， you went in， hey you know， girls like guys。

 you're a girl she's a guy， but what is important is how you are in between。Okay， so in between。

 what did he do well？Putting the focus on what's in between what he knew well S what else？

A millionillion out of 10， trillion out of 10 awesome movement and then goes to the next one Okay are you ready to go to another one let's do one last one person。

 but it has to be the person you see and then if she's not that hot just quickly get into another one okay？

Make impact。两个せ那边白。Don't afraid to hug you for a few seconds。Yeah。好走。

I'm going to bring him back I'm going bring him back now that's just awareness because that girl's soning at you I just give her a big impression and out make an impression。

How to go how to go now where's the first one you physically see Yeah that's right now she's what the dude so you may have to engage him too how's your guys's night going？

Yeah。You can talk to the girl too， thought don't be afraid of the guy。

 don't be afraid to talk the girl， you can also talk the wrong。我要。How do you guys know each other？

How did you mean？没。🎼。Okay， they impression in an out。Okay， it's right。Yes。

 and then what's the last thing that you do what do you do immediately soon as you come out and then what do you from there why do we do the next one Yeah but you want to also you want to train your brain to just go to the next one the reason why it's a trick。

Okay， it's a trick， I can't personally see， let's say it was a Victoria Secret Supermodel。

There is no way that I would see like a real like Alexander Ambrosia。

For real sitting there here in introverted days， see her， walk up， be like， bitch。

 bend over bitch and start fucking， that would never happen， but you want to know what would happen。

I'd be talking to one girl， have fun laughing， talking to another girl， half fun laughing。

 talk to another girl， half fun laughing， oh there's al， she's kind of tall， she's cute， whatever。

 half fun laughing next thing you know we're having sex and next thing you know she's a girlfriend so you want to get in a flow where that girl。

Can't understand why a guy could approach that confident。

 How could a sober guy ever approach that confident。 That doesn't happen。 When does that even happen。

 And that's the gimick between how you do it。 Now， the more that you do it in real life。😡。

The more that you would be able to do it from coal， okay？Don't count on that Okay。

 have I had sex in my first approach of the night yes I have， but I don't want to count on that Okay。

 I don't want to rely on that for my game so let's see you go in here 15 seconds in。

Big impression like an Instagram video， big impression， out， smile， and in the next， okay？All right。

 so I'm going to ask you honestly right now， how are you even to working these venues？I mean。

 really stop and think about it， right， we're also focused on。How do I walk up to the girl。

 What do I say with the girl what do I say with this girl who cares what you say Okay。

 how are you working the venue in and of itself， How are you floating through that venue， Is it nice？

Floating in a good direction， you have different groups that you can talk to。

 I want you to think about this， right for example。My best is， I can tell you this。

 I make friends with people， I make fucking friends with people， man， I go up。

 I have a great time talking to people， maybe a fat chick。

Maybe a group of dudes we're laughing and we're having fun。

 and then I kind just float over to some other people。

 Maybe I go to a really hot girl chatter get some attraction。

 Maybe I kiss her What am I gonna do now now I'm gonna bring over to those groups that I met earlier I'm gonna merge them and I'm gonna introduce them to each other and then I'm gonna leave them together and I'm gonna go off smiling and just fucking tap dancing the next shit laughing in my ass up because it's Friday fucking night and I'm not some little bit's like I' got get my game good if my game isn't I'm gonna kill myself I'm just having fun I'm just enjoying myself there's nothing to approve I already know that by talking to every girl they're gonna be because I'm a dude and she's a girl Okay I assume attraction So what I'm doing is and then I go to the next group and it's all about the belief systems the mentalities my demeanor how I'm carrying myself and the general flow in between the interactions So I want you to do for this week's mission is I want you to become hyperfo hyperattentive on what you're doing in between these interactions't。

Worry about the interaction， the interaction is going to go fuck it amazing。

The ones that don't who cares， Why does it matter if it goes amazing You're the shit and she didn't recognize that that doesn't matter。

 What are you going hung up on that for go to the next interaction Okay。

 and you're gonna to see this when we come out with the infield segment later。

 how I go from interaction to interaction， laughing， joyful， enjoying myself chill。

 just everything's great。And nothing's bullshit。 Everything's fucking awesome in between that is the real foundation of my success。

 in my opinion， it's not just walking up to a girl like then I execute this， then I said this。

 then I did this， the magician， the magician came， Okay， dude， you're a guy she's a girl。

 assume attraction， but then from there。What matters is how you're carrying yourself in your life。

 particularly in between the interactions， the meeting of the friends in between the interactions。

 the laughing in between the interactions， your demeanor， your interpretation of that interaction。

 was that interaction100 out of 10 Was it a million out of 10。

 Was it 100 gazillion out of 10 Oh that's a rational。

 you can't have that The most you could have is like a 10 out shut up。 Game is not about rationality。

 game is about love， passion， hot sex coming。 Okay， it's not fact logically speaking Yeah。

 logically speaking your game shit。It's about the joy。

 the fun and that is specifically relevant in between the interactions， so again。

 your mission this week is to be hyper， hyper focused on your belief systems， your body language。

 your demeanor， particularly your laughter， and the people who you're meeting including regular friends in between the interactions do you go to the dance floor in between。

Did you high five your buddies， do you joke around in between what are you doing in between and how is that creating an overall rhythm of your night so that you can absolutely crush it so remember what are you doing in between the interactions that is your mission and it starts now。

