# 10、泰勒 《热座》：03.进化：01.现场实况的独家长镜头_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼，And so a guy came up and he's like， you know， how can I be more successful in game。 And it's like。

 you always know that like nobody games。 This is like what people don't realize like nobody's give everything expression like Do do you even Lift bro like it should be like even game bro。

 like no one games。 nobody games。 they don't no one games like I rarely see it。

 I see guys that watch videos and they just try one thing like the joke I said to brands like imagine like something I goes to Brandon they're like。

 you know， I lift and he's like， what's what's your frequency Like how much you lift' like。

 you know I got these like you know， I got this phone or this pen and I was like。Nothing happened。

And you're like， dude， you're not。 You don't lift。 They' like， I just did。You know。

 it's never gonna work for me。 And like they're not， they're not doing it。

 Like unless I'm unless I'm seeing guys doing minimum three nights a week where three to four hours a night。

 they are in interactions the whole night， They're not gaming。 Sorry， sorry。

 you're not gaming unless you're unless you're going out for the whole night。

 It interactions the whole night。 Otherwise you're not gaming。 or if you're trying to。

 but you're just freaking out， I'll still give you credit， I'll tell you why。

 even though that's pussy shit and is horrible and you should be ashamed of yourself。

 it's still good in a way， because it's because what it does because I have thousands like that myself。

 what it does is it it creates leverage of what not to do。 So what'll happen is when you go out。

Here's the major key。 Okay， this is critical。 One of the major major focuses in my game， This is a。

Huge fucking focus， okay， is washing my bad nights and then micro analyzing what triggered the bad night。

Okay， so when you go out， like， what are the most obvious ones that trigger a bad night。

 Like like aka， you're just not gonna approach all very much all night。

 What are the obvious ones that trigger the bad night when you go out。

One of them would be not approaching on the street on the way there， right？Okay。

 that could be one what else could trigger a bad night， not talking me in the club， what else？

That that's， yeah， judging yourself。 projection night that you should do。

 But that's the more were getting in the technical side。 I'm saying like， it's like metal。 Oh。

 thanks It's like metal level shit that just triggers these horrific nights of just wasted time。

 You get these horrific， horrific fucking nights。 I mean， is it is such a waste of your time。

 I've wasted thousands of hours。😡，On these bad nights， like just thousands of hours of my life。

Pissed down the drain， wandering through nightclubs， Try to get the nurture approach。 So in a way。

 when you go out and you have those bad nights， it's， it's such a waste of your time。

 It's so stupid that what winds up happening is that you learn， okay， I should not do that Like。

 this is not gonna to help me。 So the reason I'm so disciplined on my habits on my fundamentals is I have so many bad nights fueling me where I'm like。

 like， I go to like， not do something that I know helps。 And then I'm like。😡，No。

 not another one of those like because I know that that one little decision that I made at 1005 is gonna waste four hours Like I know like this is another thing you guys don't get to another little side point When I see a guy that went out until say 130 and you're in social flow and you're having fun and then you go home you just wasted three。

4 hours。Subern thing about that， right， Why， Because the amount of social flow that you're gonna to be in at 1。

30， if you've been out since 9 or 10 is epic。 You， you went out to get to that point。

That's why you went out。 So you should stay out。 I usually will stay out until the fucking streets are cleaned out。

 And the reason why is because I've been so much flow that all that it takes by if it's like 3 AM。

 all that it takes is one girl to go by。 and I'm like millimeters away from having something good happen。

😡，Because I'm in so much flow。 You you ever heard that thing And now entrepreneurship， they'll say。

They'll say that the reason people should turn off their social media or phones or internet is that it takes 20 minutes just to even get to task。

Like， it literally takes you 20 minutes just to get folks on the task。

 Usually you'll see me if I'm gaming。If I if I'm2，3 hours in。

 I'm opening girls from 10 feet away because I'm so locked in like I'll be like I'll be walking up and I'm so locked in that I'm gonna open and I'm gonna to teach you guys this in a minute how I do it。

 You'll see you'll see the girls opening from like far away as I'm coming up。

 You're seeing them already engaging because it's happening is I'm my brain is like psychically communicating like you're gonna open bitch。

 yeah， you're gonna open。 Like that's like that's like what's happening in my brain。

 I have a trigger in my mind。 Like when I walk to the club and a girl goes by and I don't open。

 I get flashbacks of these hundreds of wasted nights。 And I'm like， I'm like， oh no， oh no。

that like even though like just like a girl walk by because you got to understand when you wasted thousands of hours walking around。

 like like just walking around like this， it's like like you don't want to do it you're finished。

 you're done。You know， like let me give you an example。

 I pretty much never get in a bad mood anymore。Do you want to know why？

Why do you think I don't get a bad mood。 I've been in too many bad moods。 And it didn't do anything。

 In fact， it produced negative results。 That's why I don't get in a bad mood。 It's just like。

 it doesn't do anything。 It doesn't help。 Nothing happens from it。 So I'm just I'm I'， I'm finished。

 It's like， I did it。 It's like a baby that cried himself out。 Like he's like， w， w， w。

 And it's just like。Like that。 That's like me with not taking action in game。 right， It's like like。

 just， I'm done this whole thing because this whole thing where you don't approach you us how melodramatic that is。

Do you realize how dramatic you're being？What a drama queen you're being。A girl's walking by bro， hi。

 keep going。O， right， You're being a drama queen。 You're like。Yeah。You know。

 it's like you're being this like dramatic little princess。 So I don't think about it that deeply。

 You know， I'm just like just wake up let's then I just keep going。

 So now you have actually taking momentum and excuse making momentum。

 So say that you go to if you ever been to a top of a diving board。

 You ever have it to where you walk up to the edge of the diving board and then you don't then you like。

 no， I'm too scared。 and then but I'll have the balls in a minute， you reducing your kid。

 and you walk up you walk up near it again， you're like you're too scared again。

 Oh have the balls in a minute， then you walk back。 I'm too scared again， you keep doing that。

 You think that you'll get less scared。 think that you're gonna work up the nerve。

 But what actually happens to your nerve is you keep not doing it。 Yeah。

 it actually builds the adrenaline builds up， right So in the same way。

 if you if you get excuse making momentum。 you'll literally it'll happen is you'll walk up and then your brain。

 your reticular activation system。 Do you know what R or is。Selective focus， right。

 Your RA will be like looking for reasons to not approach。 It'll do that。 It'll be like。

 what reason is there to not approach， and you'll keep doing that again and again and again。

So you've got to make it to where your RAS is looking for reasons to approach。

 not reasons to not approach and you've got to hammer yourself like that until it's trained to find reasons to approach so what what you're gonna to find when you get out there tonight is you'll walk up and and you can physically look in the students' eyes okay you can see it in their eyes because they'll go like this。

 you see them look at the girl and then they start scanning like they're like。Like this。

 looking for any， like like， wheres she going， whos she with， looking for any reason not to do it。

 So what'll happen And then you'll know that they're gonna。

 they're locked in when they just look at the girl and they just walk up。

 maybe in their peripheral vision， they can see some angry guys about to put a bottle on their head。

 right， It's like peripheral vision。 but it's not this like clasping or anxious。 Okay。

 so they're just， they just walk up。There's not this like crazy peripheral vision issue。

 or there's not this crazy scanning issue。 They just have awareness in their peripheral vision now。

I know again， what leads to a bad night。 So I avoid those things。 I know it leads to a good night。

 and I do those things。 That poll that you get at 3 in the morning is dictated by what you did at 9 or 10。

Okay， it， it has very little to do with what you did in the moment and has everything to do with what you did 2。

3 hours ago。 So， in other words， imagine that like you run a business and you can't pay your staff。

And then you come to me for help and you say， how do I pay my staff And I'm like。

 I don't know a fucking month ago， you should have been saving your money， building up cash reserves。

😡，You follow that， so don't try to just pay your staff。Out of nowhere。 That doesn't make any sense。

 You have to build it up。 Don't assume that you're just gonna walk up to some random stranger at fuckcker within half an hour。

 It's not something that normal people usually do。 It happens it will happen。

 It'll actually happen surprisingly frequently。 but don't assume that that's what's gonna happen。

 Whatll generally happen is you'll be at work。 you'll be tired you'll be stuck in your head you won't want to go out approaching will seem intimidating and then you'll take it one small step at a time by babystepping it and then you'll babystep1。

 and you'll babystep another one and you'll baby step another one and you'll baby step another one and maybe in half an hour you start to laugh and half an hour in you keep babystepping now you're having long conversations that are building up maybe two hours in。

 you're starting to get makeouts。 and then by three，4 hours in。

 you're like God himself walking the earth， your Moses like you know you're just you're like。😡，Right。

 and the girl's like， hey， you know， and you're just the coolest guy。 So it。

 So it builds up over time。 Can you pull your first set。 Yes。

 sometimes that you some nights that you go out， Will you be in that mode from the second that you open。

 Yeah， there's some nights I've gone out。 And I'm just like， God， I'm so fucking locked in right now。

 This is so。😊，Cool， you know， and I pull my first or second set。 Like first second set。

 I'm off on my way。 and my friends are like， where do you go。 And like I'm out of there。

 and that'll happen， But I don't， But I don't beat myself up or make an ego crisis if I'm not there like right away。

 You know， like I don't go on stage for public speaking and like。

 wonder why I'm not like regaing the audience with these like passionate tales within like a second of going up there。

 I understand that I got to just start talking。 and then it builds over time。 I get that。

 and so I'm not going into a state of resistance over it or state of selfattack。

 But what most guys are doing is when they're early the night， they're going into selfattack。

 I want to look here to very cookie cutter pickup。 because。I like guys to know cookie cutter pickups。

Because then when we show you the crazy stuff， you know the cookie cutter stuff。

 So I don't like you to make things too complicated in success with women。

 The baseline approach to success with women is knowing right where the sweet spot is in your communication。

 being able to walk up chat in a normal friendly way and have either a phone number or and then either having a phone number or taking your home。

 Okay， so。Understand that you can see videos of me making out two rows at the same time。

 You can see videos of me walking up to a roll and making out there right off the open。

 You can see videos of me doing a 15 minute pull home。 And these things are fun to watch。

 But those things are the equivalent of like， you know， the 360 dunk。😊。

They're not that's not your bread and butter。 Okay。

 so I don't want you to be thinking about how to do like stunting tricks as the basis for your skills with women。

 I want you to have a baseline understanding that you can walk up in a friendly manner basically being yourself and that a pretty large number of girls are gonna be like。

 who's this guy。 I want to hang out this guy And then you're getting a high callback rate on your phone numbers and that there's a lot of girls are sitting coming home。

 So watch here， And what I want you to notice is how I'm basically just being friendly。

 But the key here is that you're in a sweet spot。 So what we're gonna be emphasizing in today's event is that。

There's different channels of communication， which most people are not aware of and。Basically。

 most people are completely clueless about these。 it's crazy。 like how clueless people are。

 So when you're watching this， what it looks like on the surface is just somebody interacting in a regular way。

So look at it。 But what we'll do is we're gonna break it down and we're gonna pull it apart a little bit。

 And then I'm gonna show you the exact subtle spots in my communication that really you'd never be able to notice unless we point them out。

 And it's gonna come across as natural， friendly and cool。 But from the girl' perspective， it's like。

 oh， this is the highest at guy。 I can trust in him， there's no downside of this is upside It's fun。

 even though it's just a very natural chill interaction。 Now， you know。

 there's also an emphasis of today's events on crazy stuff。 know where you're like oh my God。

 you know， and that's fun too。 But that there is just the icing on the cake。

 So let's just look here at just a straight up， normal pickup。Nice meeting you see。

 I couldn't tell if you were lying。Latina， Port。You could even look Asian maybe wow。

 maybe because you have black hair， but does your hair color go when you look here。

 look at how she's looking into my eyes there。That is a good sign that the girl's getting attracted when she's looking right deep in your eyes。

 Now， you know how women will say to dudes shows up here， buddy， like， you know。

 don't look at my ti or my ass or whatever， right。As a man。

 when you're looking at her curves or at her looks， the woman's equivalent is your pupils。

 Your pupils are her ascentotes。Okay， so do you want your pupils to be like fucking these like bombass ascentities or do you want your pupils to be this like。

 kind of， you know， whack ass ascentities。 that's basically what you got ask yourself。 Now。

 the reason why the girls are doing this is in the same reason that if Mike Tyson were to walk into a room。

 he'd look you in the eye。 and you'd immediately feel a primal fear and that's obviously we're not。

 that's not the effect we're going for here。 obviously， But you know， the opposite。

 But the point is that。😡，You can feel it coming out of the eyes。

 So when you see me walking into this girl。 and you see her're looking deep into my eyes。

 that's your first signal that attraction has been sparked。 Now， what attraction has been sparked。

 she's gonna get this look sometimes called the bambi eyes or the anime eyes。

 you ever seen these Japan animation characters or you know the big eyes right and they start to look right in the eye and you'll see their pupils kind of open up in a certain way。

 Now guys will invariably ask me what's the pupil diameter。 what's you know it's like whoa， okay。

 just like use your internal intuition to get a sense of that Now she'll look in what she's looking for is flinching in your eyes。

 aversion in your eyes or too much holding in the eyes like the crazy man like I'm gonna bite your head off and fucking or like like I'm gonna chop your head off。

 I'm gonna put it on a pike out my front lawn So therefore I don't come right So she's looking like like she's looking for steady eye contact that shows that your ad ease in the situation that you've spoken to women like her before。

😡，And that it's not a big deal。 And that's a major key is that it's not a big deal。

 So when when she can see that's not a big deal， that's an implicit social proof。

 this guy dates women like me。Everybody has a sense of identity。

 So a major key in success of women is that。People purchase。

People purchase goods for two major reasons。 One is for the emotions they get from it and the other is their sense of identity。

This feels this makes me feel the way that I want to feel。 And people like me buy things like this。

So you have an identity like I'm this kind of guy， I buy things like this。And then you。

 then those things have a way they make you feel。 Likewise， the woman。

 there's a way that you're making her feel。 that's in her emotions。 But also。

 are you the kind of guy that girls like her date and funny enough。

 that does not mean in your appearance。In fact， the most beautiful women。

 the most common guys they date， it's not a specific appearance。 but in fact。

 it's a certain type of guy in the environment。 And that's the winner in that environment。

 And for men， because looks is such a kind of minor part of their overall status。 It's a part I mean。

 for sure， but it's not the major part。 Like if we think of like the world's most powerful thousand0 men。

 it's not gonna be like， you know， you know， the Calvin Klein model who looks heroin chic from the 2000 says catalog He's not gonna be in the most powerful men list So basically。

 and by the way， ultra rich guys， same thing， not not that guy either， You know why。

 because they're fucking shows。 This is a major thing guys don't get a lot of my friends are fily fucking rich And these guys are not dating hot women。

 They're dating dorky fucking women because they have no game。

 So it's insane to be honest with you so。😡，Because what happens is those guys。

 by the way is they work around the clock， they lose all their swagger。

 their swagers just evaporated because they work way too much。So when you're talking to the girl。

When I say a sweet spot， what I'm referring to is a point where the girl is feeling the emotions that she wants to feel。

 but she sees that you're the type of guy that women like her date。 So it's a complete upside。

 There's no reason she wouldn't call you back。 Like when you're watching this interaction。

If you really look at it， there's no reason that girl wouldn't come home with me。

 It would make more sense to do it than to not do it。

 So you've got to be the kind of guy where it makes more sense for her to go home with you than to not go home with you。

 you'll notice a lot of my interactions。 It's so nonchalant。

 when I say let's go or when I say comes sit down when I chat。

 It's so nonchalant because it's so obvious that her and I would be talking。 it's a natural fit。

 Like I said， this is the sweet spot。 there's places right in your subcommunication。

 this's like subtle layers of communication。 where you're gonna be talking her。

 And even though to regular people we're not educated what we're talking about here today。

 they don't see the difference。 They're like that's what I look like， right。

 I think I look like that， they don't。 So what we'll do is we'll watch the videos。

 And I'm going break it down But after we watch this。

 what we'll be doing is exercises where I get you right into that sweet spot。

 And literally there's just five or six different things that I'm doing that I understand that put me in that sweet spot。

 And when I get you doing it it's gonna get you in that sweet spot as well。 So like。😡。

I know how to talk and talk and people then that's crazy Like how does he just talk and talk There's just a couple little tweaks that I get。

 And once I make those tweaks， I can talk and talk because what it is is social conditioning。

 Social conditioning says this is the type of guy that you are So you're not allowed to talk in any other way than this And this is how you are relative to her So you can't talk to her。

 So these are just little tweaks that we have to make there's tweaks even in your voice where your voice you think that your voice has to sound a certain way because that's the type of person you are So we need to free it we need to free that up。

 We need to free your ability to talk and talk we need to free your ability to free associate we need to free your ability to feel social pressure and not be affected by it。

 but actually view it as on your team like literally these are birth rightss that you have that you don't even know about and we need to crack these and free you up of it So what we're gonna be doing by the way today。

 a lot of it's really crazy like it's kind of intense and it's kind of crazy anybody who doesn't really care about their success would see this and say no way maybe like fuck that shit。

😡，stupid because they don't really care about their success。

 They kind of just want to watch like the average guy like you know watching videos at home。

 for example， they wouldn't want to do stuff like this because they kind of just want entertainment like the feeling of progressing。

 But does everybody here agree if you're here you're very serious about making massive change so if you ask yourself am I currently able to just talk and talk no。

 well then what do we got to do to change that and how do we say that today is a decisive transformational experience where today is the day' going forward from here。

 you can talk and talk How do we say that today is a decisive transformational experiencere going when social pressure is get in a better mood and view it's all there for you collaborative how do we make today that transformational So that's what we're doing so again。

 we're looking at the videos here But as you're watching the videos。

 I want you to watch them through the context And then I'm gonna get doing It seems crazy to learn about success women in a room like this。

 But it's crazy the exercise。we're gonna do we couldn't do even out in the field talking to girls like the ones that we're doing here because we couldn't do them out there in the field because we're gonna to use each other to add the social pressure。

 okay so we're literally going feed off of each other。

 we're gonna fuck with each other get in each other's faces。

 challenge each other and because we have the power of the group right here。

 the energy that we're gonna create throughout the day。

 we're gonna actually exploit that and leverage it to produce a change。

 So we can produce more change in a group like this that I can even just alone with you or even out in the field。

 Okay now then we take that out in the field even better right But the point is we're going to actually use the power of the group here to produce this change。

 So again， looking at this。😡，She's looking up at me right here。

And what you're gonna to see me doing here is able to freely speak。

 You're gonna to see that I'm able to just sit there Add ease's talking to her relaxed。

 You're gonna to see that when she signals me to kiss， I know it immediately and know how to go in。

 I know how to test the water see that is good and go in。 you're gonna sense that。

 you're gonna sense that any kind of social pressure coming at me， including when at one point。

 she tries to leave。 I'm not phase。 And because I'm not phase。 she gets more attracted。

 So essentially what she's seeing for me is that she's getting the type of emotions that she wants to feel。

 and we're gonna to teach you that how to be in the emotional say that you want that the girl would want to feel it。

 And frankly， that you'd want to feel and that she want to join you in， frankly， And likewise。

 show you how to be the kind of guy where you're in a sort of sweet spot where you're the type of guy who she would date。

 It's clear like I date like I feel good around him。 He's the type of guy that I date。

 It's a natural fit。 This doesn't have to be this big war guys。

 It doesn't have to be this big battle。 essentially what it is just you you have the emotions in you that。

😡，The type of emotions that she'd want to be around。

 and then you're the type of guy who ever grows like her date。

 so she wants the validation and to validate herself I date guys like this， So by dating him。

 I'm being myself， you see that it's like if if you think that you're like this like hot shot and then you see a jacket on the rack this like a hot shot jacket。

 you're like I buy that that's me right if you're a hipster and then you see some like you know hipster gear I buy that。

Okay， you see you know your hipster counterpart girlfriend， that's my girlfriend， right， That's me。

 That's who I am。 So you're trying to be the kind like you're becoming the kind of guy here where clearly you date girls like her。

She feels the way she wants to feel around you。 So and you say here， comes sit down。 You know。

 what's up here， let's go eat。 Let's go， you know， let's go kick it back in my crib。

 We're gonna do something fun。Well， at that point， it's a no brainer her to do it in the same way that if you have $1。

00 in your pocket and you could buy this amazing shirt that's like totally you for 10 bucks。Hell。

 you even get it for free。You're gonna take it。 So that's that's the frame that we're coming from。

 But again， why am I able to just talk to this girl easily and not being afraid of like you know coming up with things to say。

 why am I able to speak with her in a way where when I talk。

 my voice just penetrates right into her mind and she's not skeptical。

 you notice here how she's immediately not skeptical。 she's actually intrigued。

 She wants to talk her mind is open， You see how big her eyes are， Her eyes are big。

 she's receiving it， she's letting it in， Okay， why is it that when why is it that when things go wrong in the interaction。

 I'm calm， why am I not panicking， Why am I calm， why are these things So what we want to do is you want to watch this and I'm gonna point out everything's going on break it down But then after this。

 what we're gonna do is we're gonna get up and we' gonna use the power of the group together and get fucking crazy。

 we're gonna make this a shit show thiss gonna be like the most like retarded day of your life essentially But at the same time probably one of the most eye-opening days of your life and we're gonna get hyperspec to show you nuances Okay So I'm I'm gonna pull。

😡，You guys up here and I'm going get you to try something。

 and then we're gonna to point out the nuance。 and we're gonna make a little tweak all these highleage points that I understand from years of teaching this。

 and then we're gonna to see how the behavior changes。

 Then we're gonna to do another little tweak and see how the behavior changes。

 And essentially throughout these exercises， you're going keep tweaking and tweaking and we're gonna to layer them on top of each other。

 So at first I might get you communicating in a powerful way。

 but then I'll show you how to tone that back but convey the same type of power without using as much force。

😡，But I couldn't start like that。 I couldn't get you speaking with that same power without using the force initially。

 So I have to teach it to you in layers。 They I'll get you free associating。

And I'll teach that layer to you， but then I'll get you free associating on an even higher level and teach that level to you Do you see this So we're going learn it in layers here。

 So each exercise that we do， you've got to come at it full out and when you come at it full out and you've got it。

 then we can layer the next one on top of it by the end of it you'll by the end of this what you're gonna to experience。

Is the ability to handle social pressure where when you're in social environments。

 you actually feel better。 So your social anxiety is wiped out。 I'll give you the tools to do it。

 You're gonna have to practice them but I'll give you the tools to do it。 you'll understand it。

 will plant the seeds that will grow after the program from there I'm gonna give you the tools you can free associate。

 talk， move around， be free and get out of social conditioning。

 The major key here by the way is that I want you to get to your core。

 Do you remember how I said the girls they think they need to feel certain emotions and they need to have a certain identity。

 you yourself believe that you have to be a certain person and is trapping you in A lot of people cried in this program And the reason why it' because they're trapped in and you've been trapped in for decades and you're not even aware of it。

 So by me kind of hammering on you and messing with you here What I'm really doing is I'm gonna try to actually untangle this whole mess- up Christmas lights of all these different social pressures that've been hitting you we're gonna untangle that and then get you at your core and then get you to express not like I'm going to these pressures on me。

 I'm reacting。 Do you ever feel like when you're doing pick up your。😡。

Where you you go out for a night out you're reacting and what we want to do is shift you and have a transformational experience where you're now at your core and you are at the cause。

 not the effect and then other people are reacting to you When you look at this girl right here am I reacting to her or is she reacting to me？

My hair's darker， yeah， this is in my natural， I really like brown hair my hair's darker。

 I have really light brown hair。okay， why she' saying that。 she's， it's not obvious。

 She's in qualification mode。 She's concerned about my opinion of her。

 So not every girl will be like that。 But you see the idea is that you want the girl in reaction and you're at the cause。

 And by the way， she wants that。 Okay， it's not some like sex is like raw， raw thing。

 when you're having sex with a girl。😡，Does she want to be like moaning in pleasure as you're the one like thrusting away or does she want like。

 you know， to like be whipping you and be the do。 Well， in some cases， maybe they do。

 Ive met girls like that， but you see the point right， even sexually， when youve had your best sex。

 you can see how that same cause and effect relationship exists。This is my natural hairton3。

 I don't know。F， anyoneone， babyone。found out十。A。With the glasses。 Do you think I look Asian。 Okay。

 so in her mind is who am I， what do you think of me， So already。

 my opinion of her is validating her identity， Do you see how so many guys are so caught up in the girl validating them。

 And then there's no way they're gonna wind up sleeping with that girl。

 even if they get into a longer interaction， it's fools gold， because fundamentally。

 the girls not gonna have sex with you unless it is actually building her sense of validation。

 and building her identity， And unless she's getting the emotions that she wants。

 which is why I in a great nonney mood here， which will structure in the exercises。

 will'll show you how to get there in the exercises。

 We'll show you in ways you wouldn't even imagine。You could luation like I look， if I wore this。

 even I of li stuff。You see glasses。Good， okay， now I've known this girl for less than 50 seconds。

 Okay， I've already done a quick peck on the lips。 She's smiling ear to ear。

 and she says she likes it。 Now， even notice as I'm going like that。

 what I'm doing there is I'm checking to see if there's a green light。

 I already know there's a green light。 But I like to show I often does when I'm recording myself。

 I like to show students really clearly how I'm getting that green light that she's okay with what I'm doing because not everybody has that level of social intuition right away。

 I'll show you the social intuition so that you understand it and then you can read cues。

 that's whats so great about watching hidden camera。

 isn't it because we can look so clearly at the social cues， we can get to understand them better。

 But if you see that I'm leaning in like that， I I'm getting a sense of whether or not she's comfortable。

 even as I'm moving in， she's thinking， what do I do to react to him and make him think I'm cool。

 Okay， so she's in reaction。😊，I见。行。Back on。Very nice I don't think so。Oh， actually。

I always under the hair。Did I get it I Now again， speaking of social cues watch the hands here。

 when I take her hands， Who' hand classas first， watch carefully， This is why we do Hosy， right。

 This is why we break it down on a hidden camera because you can actually replay it。 Okay。

 so let's look at the instant camera replay here。What happened。Okay， am I grabbing her hands。

 watch is happening？Okay， now what's happening here is that I can sense I've already leaned in。

 her eyes are big， I've leaned in。Going for the kiss。 She likes it。 The hands of clasped。

 That means now we can properly kiss。 like that。 Are you going dance I'm very good dancer。 Are you。

 I'm a male super by train。 Are you really， Are you going give me a laptop dance， really。😊。

So now you've got our first like you know， open lip kiss。Open lip kiss。

All right a minute and 17 in So what we're seeing here is an interaction where it's completely natural that we be kissing。

 Let me ask you a question when you see this interaction between me and her， she's stone sober。

 she's a cool cute girl and it's a minute and 17 seconds in or kissing within it a minute and 17 seconds。

 What would be more natural for us to be kissing or for us not to be kissing。It's completely natural。

 Am I the type of garbage that girls like her date？Yes，S think about this。I completely am。

There's not a single better candidate。 Am I think about it this way。 what am I that represents Well。

 I'm the type of guy that girls like her would date。I met MIs in the environment。 MI is around her。

 Is it completely normal What's happening。 Is it happening without any force or agenda， Therefore。

 I am the type of guy that girls like her would date。 That's all it is。 It doesn't matter， you know。

 tall， short， white， black， whatever it is。 if you're coming at her in such a way that it's so fluid。

 relax， natural and that your male presence is penetrating into her feminine energy。😡。

She is going to feel attraction and that is。That is why this girl immediately is like。

 I date guys like him。 I've dated guys like him before。 I'm dating guys like him now。 Now。

 from there， is she feeling the emotions that she'd want to feel。 Why is that。

 Because in my own body， my emotional set point is good。 Therefore。

 she feels good emotions around me。 We're gonna work on that in the exercise。 Okay。

 I want you guys to have control over your emotions。 Now， by the way。

 we talked about being at the cause， not the effect， when you're at the cause， fundamentally。

 are you just the cause of the girl。😡，No， you're at the cause of your own emotions。

 It starts with you being at the cause on the effect means that you are at the cause of yourself and how you're showing up and then from there you're at the cause of the girl because fundamentally if a woman is getting you in reaction。

 what else is getting you in reaction， everything is getting you in reaction because a woman is like a miniature version of the world So you centered and projecting out into the world or are you in reaction and letting it affect you and in firefighter mode all the time when you're talking to the girl So this is why learning success with women is so important not just as far as getting late or your dating life or you're gonna to wind up with someday or what kind of kids you're gonna have it's important as far as how you're showing up as a man for most guys in their 20s or 30s。

 this will be one of their most important journeys for the simple reason that if you can't get this down。

 what else can't you get down and yet when you do get this down， how are you going show up at work。

 how are you going show up with your goals， your pursuits your dreams So this is translating into every area of life Most commonly when guys get this down。

 they don't。😡，Stop here。 It's very rare that I see a guy get really good at girls。

 And then he kind of stops there。 And that's it。 Usually then what you see is you see them a few years later。

 and I've done this a decade and a half now， a few years later， Oh， they've moved up in their job。

 They're crushing in their career。 They're getting maybe they're getting in shape。

 Maybe they're doing things for their health。 Theyre because they're at the cause。

 not the effect now。So they're moving up。 you want to hear something weird。

 Almost every X intern that I have is now a millionaire。

And these are like the dorkies little fucking guys Okay and I'm like， how are you doing this。

 you know， like and the reason why， and I don't even like advertising that because I got got these floods of guys trying to intern for me。

 I had to say no to like 99% of them。 But the point is it's not even what I'm doing。 They did it。

 It's not even it's not even what they learned from me。

 fact what it really is is that is that they're the type of person who was so interested in getting this down that they would intern in the first place and then as they continued on their journey。

 they started crushing it。 You follow that like it wasn't like I showed some secret to becoming a millionaire。

 What it was was that they're the type of people who became they're the type of people who made it a priority to be at the cause and not the effect。

😡，You see that。 So when you have a desire to be at the cost and not the effect。

 that doesn't just stop what you getting laid。 That translates into other areas of your life。

 That's why it's critical。 That's why I speak about this stuff passionately。

 So I'm kissing this girl at a minute and 17 seconds in And in a minute。

 I'm gonna pull over the couch why the question is why What did I even do here Does't this just look like what you're doing what's the difference。

 and that's why we're doing these exercises today is to understand the subtle differences。

 Great game shouldn't be obvious。 it shouldn't be like， oh， you know。

 you do this super spin move and the fucking hado in know and you know。

 and then the girls panties drop。 if that's what you're trying to do， you can do that as a joke。

 me and my buddies clown and do jokes like that all the time。

 But we're doing that for fun for self- amusement If anything we're doing that so that we're laughing so that when we see the girl we really want。

 then we just walk up in a more normal way。 Like you'll see me walk up to girls all night。

 You see some videos I put online where I'm doing like the silly shit right and。😡。

You're thinking I'm doing that to go home with the girl。

 but really I'm doing that to entertain myself so that when I meet the dime piece that night。

 I've in such a good mood that I walk in。 and just even just by being normal。

 that great mood is emanating through so。Really love that silly stuff。Actually， for me。

 its just about getting at the cause and not the effect。 It's basically me showing my mind。 I mean。

 I' silly follow these different girls。 And then it elevates up。 That's also why it's a side note。

 this whole pickup artists batting average thing is so stupid。

 Like what's your open to close ratio when a lot of the interactions that you're having are just you having fun a better question to be。

 you know， what's your open to close ratio when you've been having fun all night And you see a girl that you really want and she's single。

 You see that， So it's like， so it's hard to really gauge that。 Now， let's have a look here。

 I'm kissing the girl。 What is her reaction to kissing me know you do if I sit on the couch I will do in the bathroom anywhere you want anywhere that you want。

Oh냐。😀Now， how happy is this girl， Have you ever even looked this happy before？

 I just there's nothing that could happen in my life。

 I could achieve world peace and I wouldn't look this happy And yet all that I did was say I'll do you in the bathroom or wherever you want。

 imagine if I was on Oprah Winfrey and they're like， Mr。 Cook。

 what type of advice do you share with the people on your program， I'm like， well。

 sometimes I'll tell them to say， I'll do you in the bathroom or as a gentleman。

 wherever you want you know， and all the women in the audience be like But what they don't get。

 And this is this is the counterintu depart is that me saying that is just a joke。

 The line itself said， you know， in a reaction to making the girl like you like you know what would make a girl like me。

 tell them are I'll do her And it's like that there。

 like in the bathroom right that there is not gonna actually make the girl attracted What it is is that what you're just saying what you。

Once you're at the cause， not the effect。 And the girl feels that。 And frankly。

 what you're saying is kind of arbitrary。 You know what I like， it's arbitrary， right。

 You guys laughed， right， It's like you laugh at that。 I just want and you guys are laughing。 Why。

 Why are you laughing at these stupid little faces。 Maybe because they're stupid。 I don't know。

 But maybe because what I'm doing it。I'm just at the cause。Why are you laughing？Why are you laughing。

 Okay， Why are you laughing， Okay， What am I doing， I'm just looking at you， And basically。

 I' meant the cause。 So really， are you laughing because of my superior humor or are you laughing because you're in a reaction right now and see how even want to make that little eye eye look thing at you。

 You do it back because you feel like you have to respond。

 right Like if I even do this do you feel like maybe you have to do this back。

 you feel like you do right， Like I'm doing this， You're like， do I do it now。

 Like do I have to put my nose up now， Do I put my nose up now， Do you want to put it up。

 Just put it up， It'll feel good， Put it up right。And so what's happening is I'm at the cause。

 not the effect。So because I'm at the cause， you feel that it's energetic。 Okay。

 so when you're seeing me here， it's subtle。 Im， I'm not speaking loud to her。

 I'm actually speaking quietly to her in a friendly way， this clip was shot like six years ago。

 My games have evolved a lot since then。 Okay，6 years ago。

 I's probably even a little bit more softer in this video than I'd be now。 you know。

 I'm a little bit of femin even in it because I'm kind of that way naturally。 But the point is。

 even though I'm like that I'm soft。 The girl's digging it because I'm I meant the cause and you can still be at the cause even from a more subtle place yelling and making crazy pig noises isn't necessary to be at the cause。

 I can speak to you right now the cause。And you'll still laugh。I'm just looking at you。

 you can't stop laughing right now because I'm at the cause you can't stop。

Try to stop yourself from laughing。 You can't。 You're just sitting there giggling like a chick。 Okay。

 And and you can't stop。 And it's because you're feeling the reaction。

 you're feeling I've in reaction to this guy。 And so so many guys try to do game。

 They try to pick up and they attempt to execute these different ideas or techniques they heard。

 but they're not even at the cause。 So it doesn't matter what they do， they're not going to succeed。

 They can't succeed because they don't have the fundamentals down。 Likewise。

 you'll see me pull you guys up to the frontier and your voices aren't projecting properly。

 And when your voice isn't hitting。 It doesn't matter what you did， you can't succeed。Okay。

 so there's these little things where you can learn a million different ideas about successful women。

 You can watch every video on the planet。 But until you're getting this down。

 the chances of succeeding are so low because you're you're not getting it。

 So when I do these exercise with you today， They're gonna feel stupid I'm gonna get you yelling at each other。

 and maybe sometimes fucking with each other。 like everyone pointing at a guy's name and yelling or you'll be yelling back like I'm the group and like stupid things like that。

 Like things that are sounds so stupid know， somebody are to watch it as outsider， they don't get it。

 And yet that same person who doesn't get it can't walk up to a woman and spark attraction consistently。

 So what does' it really matter what their opinion is。 So don't worry today。

 the exercise that we do look kind of stupid or crazy because I mean。

 basically it's gonna look like a giant gaybukaki more or less when we do this here。😡，You know。

 like the because at some point I'm gonna get you guys in the middle of a group of people yell at you and stuff like that to put social pressure on you。

 But the reason I'm doing that exercise by the way。

 I'm gonna teach you methods and understanding is that we're gonna make shifts where even when everybody yells at you。

 your reaction will be instead of feeling menaced you're gonna feel alive and happy and feeding off that energy So like even though it feels stupid that we're doing that is to put these to the test so this is really the best work I've done in a long time the way that we built this and the reason why is because by making these little tweaks。

 we're gonna catalyze change So what we need to understand is the principle。

 this is the principle that makes this work。 And once we understand the principle which basically is the overarching umbrella for every technique that you've ever learned then what we do is we is we use catalyst to get you to make a little change and understanding and decramble out the social conditioning and get you on your agenda once you're on your own agenda we've planted a seed now that pushes you into an upward spiral once you're in that upward spiral you're now moving into being at the cause and not the effect of your life what you may realize in this event。

And this may freak you out is that you're waking up for the first time in your fucking life because if you spend so much of your life interaction to biological drives and basically social pressures and trying to react to those social pressures。

 I want to look like this and act like this and feel like this and you're continually interactioning that where you're really alive or you' essentially just like a tree growing in a force or an animal There's a difference of course you're a human being but the difference is not as great as you might take for granted So what we're really doing here is not just teaching you success with women we're trying to awake your fucking humanity。

Okay， as crazy as that sounds is， okay that's a tall order I know。

 but you see the idea here is that we're trying to snap you out of reaction and out of being in reaction in these drives really there's not an authentic person there and we're trying to create the seed of an authentic human being who can walk up to a woman and be at the cause not the effect free associate lead and do it easily but also walk to your friends like that in your professional life seeing what goals you really want anybody here ever feel like you know there's some purpose in life that you're probably here for but you can't quite figure out what it is a lot of the time it's this reaction that's actually coding over that you don't you're not even at your core yet so you don't know what you even fucking want one of the first things I'm gonna to teach you today is that girls in general will do what you want sounds great like they'll do what you want right I'm not trying to say it like that but you're walking up and opening and they're shutting you down you're not even realizing that you want them to shut you down you're saying that you're saying that you don't but you do because you wouldn't even know what you would do if you got it open or if you。

😡，Girl like that in your life。You're not even sure how you'd handle it。

 And you're communicating that in a weird way。 Do you remember I said earlier that that。

I'm trying to be not trying to be。 I am being a guy who it's a natural fit。 Okay。

 it's a completely natural fit。 So by me being that guy， it's a natural fit。

 I know it would be a nice experience for both of us to talk to kiss to come sit down to come on with me to meet up with each other the next day。

 You see that。 So when you're seeing me doing it。 It's very calm looking right。

 It's not like some roundhouse fucking ninja kick Hado and dragon balls Z explosion。 What it is。

 is me just walking up calmly。 but there's an alignment in the intent。

 And it's so much a social conditioning hits us with so many difference intenses。

 We don't even know what we want。 You can literally waste your whole fucking life in a reaction to what other people wanted and playing on other people's scripts。

 Okay that's why I'm so passionate about this work that we're doing here today because the fear that I have is not just you're not getting laid tonight。

 It's my great fear is you live in your life in a reaction。 And then you grow old and die。

 and it's like was I ever really。😡，Me was I ever awake。 Did I ever even know what I want。

 Did I ever even act from the core So my great passion in this is waking you up into your consciousness and getting you to your core and actually getting you to act from your core not in a reaction。

 So again today's exercises we're pushing social pressure， social pressure。

 social pressure getting you to try different things getting you to tweak。

 And as we're getting you to tweak it， you're gonna to see these little catalysts that make change。

 and with each thing that we unwire， we can put more in so essentially it's like know we got to dump out the glass of social conditioning。

 And the more that we dump the glass out of the bad stuff， we can fill it with the good stuff。

 So that's what we're doing here so can you guys play full out when we do this today because fundamentally today is about change and you have to make a decision that today is the first day of the rest of your fucking life。

 that is the same on any given day you could have said that yesterday the day before you could say it tomorrow but the point is you're here so at a certain point。

 that's a symbol， that's a symbol to yourself。😡，Choosing to change today。

 Okay so you can take this in any way that you want。 You can just take a bunch of exercises。

 you know I got piimping it on some vis。 It was cool。 He's got a beard。

 you know whatever fuck or you can choose to say fuck this shit fucked aways been now are're moving in a better direction。

 you can make that choice。 if you're here， it means you're motivated this event separates the from the cha。

 Most people come to free event， watch a free video if you came here。

 you pay to be here put the timing to be here， that means that you want this everybody here want this a lot of people don't that's。

 I don't walk up to everybody on the street and I'm like。

 you need to get to the car right now like I don't do that with the average person because they don't care sadly。

 a fucked up way。 they kind of do care and their life is just not going bad enough for them to take action on it。

 but they haven't hit that point where they're ready to make real change。

 You've got to let people of go through their journey in life to where they're ready enough fucked up shit has to happen and they have to get enough lessons to hit a point where😡。

ready to change。 I have never changed by the way before I was ready。

 You know that Every major change I made， I probably knew I should make it for months or years before I actually did anybody ever felt that way。

 you knew for year， but for whatever reason I don't know why we're built like this。

 It's so frustrating but there's this like motivational seesaw and as shit goes bad to worse to worse or even just from like not as awesome as you dable knows should be and it kind of bugs kind rose at your soul as that happens basically the motivational seesaw tilts and tilts and tilts if you're here in this room。

 I'm assuming that is fucking tilted So I'm not coming at you。

 the way that I would come at spectators who just watch a video or just go to a free event。

 I'm not coming at you like that there's a way that I would come at people in that frame it'd be very different I'm coming at you as somebody who I'm taking the assumption that the motivational seesaws tilt you had enough you want to do better you know that you deserve better So I'm gonna come at you with the type of exercises pressure fucked up retarded nonsense essentially that。

😡，trigger change。 And we've got to go into this silly space here because the shit that has turned you to where you're at now was fucking silly。

 Okay think how many millions of hours of stupid commercials have you watching your life。

 that was fucking silly。 Think of all the dumb fucking like us magazines and shit living up to other people's standards that was silly。

 think about even biological drives that are not even relevant in modern society know。

 like they maybe are in some way， but basically they kind of fuck you up that's silly。

 So we've got to unscrable that so this is basically just something that I built over a number of years to unscrable it I tested it。

 I've seen the results it pretty wild， it's pretty out there。

 But if you're ready to be openminded and kind of get out there。

 then we're gonna do this now before we crack in， let's finish watching this V and I want you to focus again on this idea of the sweet spot and the sweet spot is the idea that you can literally walk up to the girl and just communicate it in natural chill way But while you're communicating in that way she's feeling a different。

😡，Type of energy from you。 Okay， so it's not blatantly obvious。

But it's also you not trying to be chill。 Do you see why chill game doesn't work for a lot of guys because they're trying to be like they're like。

 hi， I'm the chill guy。 Look how cool I right， that's not it either。

 We're trying to get you in a sweet spot where you're cool， relax。 But if you want to blow up。

 you could blow up。 You wanted to say some crazy shit， you can say some crazy shit。 You know。

 you're making out of the girls all sweet。 Next thing， you know。

 you say something outlandish you get her making out of their friend。 You know。

 then you're back to being sweet。It doesn't matter because you're in the sweet spot。

 You're at the cause， not the effect。 I can make the crazy jokes you getting you laughing like before。

 or I could do it subtle， right， I can do it in any way that we want to do it。

 So I want to get everybody in this room at the cause and not the effect。

 All the stuff that you see me doing in videos， free tours。

 like speaking the way that I'm just cracking up there。 you know， just off the cuff。

 just kind of like moving the room the way that I do。 You will know how to do at the end of today。

 The types of things that you see me doing these videos。

 You will know how to do it at the end of today。😡，You will know exactly where to hit it。

 You'll know what to do。 and we will use the power of the group and each other to make this happen。

 Everybody on board of this。 Okay， let's watch the rest of this video。

 and then we're gonna crack into it。 Okay， so let's just watch again the subtlety。

 We're picking this video because it's subtle anywhere。 Oh， you're bad。 You're bad No。

 I'm not a male stripper yet， but I dream of it。 my lipstick is okay。😡，It tasted good。

 didn't it it does。Again， look at the hands。 Is my lipstick。 Okay， What does that mean。

 Is she in a reaction Do you remember how you felt earlier what I'm getting you to react？

 So now imagine if you you know maybe like you know you'd moved around in some way that maybe shifted in your shirt and now you're like is my shirt okay。

 That's the space that she's in。 She's in a very feminine space。

 So even though I've not some like thged out traditionally masculine looking dude。

 it's kind of cool that even me， you know I can project what you would call a masculine energy。

By being at the cause， not the effect。D friend， like my friends。

 I don't know anything video do anything think she's cute cute adorable What does your tattoo say。

It's one of the best tattoos ever life is beautiful I like it you like it Yeah good are you positive person I'm prettyy you seem like a poy prettyyyy that's just lying Yeah that's just lying here come come to ths。

How natural is it that she'll come with me？Am I having to do some crazy outlander scheme and provide like wizard stories from the land of yourre and fucking backfs and shit。

 It's natural that she'll come。 Okay it's not the anxietyprovoking thing。

 It's not me against her It's us collaboratively I'll talk a lot about collaboration today。

 a major thing that people get out of these events is to stop viewing social environments says against you and to view it at all as a collaboration with you to stop viewing yourself as this little me but to merge into the group Okay now when I say merge into the group it sounds actually kind of fucked up on the service because like I'm gonna to get you being like I am the group Okay and I'm going get see what it feels like to be part of this group。

 I'm not trying to make you part of this group as like the RSD group like I have RSD what I'm trying to do just to clear I want to make this very clear what I'm getting you to is the feeling of how it feels to be within our group here but then to take that feeling of being totally free and welcomed alone on your own。

 This is a kind of a crazy thing。😡，You ever noticed a lot of gurus， right。

 teachers and gurus when they're around their group， they're gregarious outgoing， Like， see how here。

 I'm sitting here。 I'm gregarious。 I'm going。 I'm talking to you guys。

 But you notice that even in a video when I'm in a foreign city by myself， I'm the same fucking way。

 when I don't know anybody there。😡，That is OrD in a nutshell。You follow that R SD in a nutshell。

 It's core confidence versus situational confidence。

 Any guru can like build a following and this like。

 look out me with everybody like me sitting here in front of all you guys， I feel great， right。

 You guys all came here to work with me， Think how great I feel。

 So it's easy for me to be listen to me。 know， all this kind of shit。

 But here Thank you But But the question is this， Can I。

 can I be the same guy when I'm in an environment where I don't have that situational status。

 Can I be who I am now in a favorable environment， but what I'm alone， What I'm at Starbucks。

 And there's a girl next to me， Can I still be at the cause and not the effect because right now。

 all of you are giving me permission。 you see that。

 would you guys be almost mad if I were to come here and try to be the effect of you。

 Do you see that。You'd be like， yo， I'm taking your course some other fuckcker， do some shit。 D。

 monkey day。 All right， you want， you guys want me to be the cause。 So I have permission here。

 I have social permission to be at the cause and not the effect。

 I have the permission or entitlement to step up。😡。

But what if I'm alone in Starbucks and that girl doesn't even know me from fucking anybody。 Well。

 who gets permission。 And so a lot of what we're gonna to be doing here today is I'm getting you to feel like what it feels like to be within the group。

 But then I'm gonna isolate you and get you to do it in front of the group or in front of your groups。

😡，And then I want you to notice that feeling that you have when I get you to do these exercises within the group。

 but then alone and keep coming back to how you felt in the group。

 okay but in order to get you to be able to do it alone。

 I'm going to give you little catalyst okay I'm going to give you little tweaks and if you just put all your focus right on that tweak。

 you're going to be able to do it even alone。😡，You see that you'll be able to do it alone even because with the group you can do it with the group it's like。

 hey， right， it's easy but alone is different right like if I like right now。

 if I get you to just be like like that， if I get you to do that right now， do it Okay。

 look what that， What do you just do do it again Okay， is he doing it Okay。

 now everybody do it together。😡，Okay， he was doing it。

You could completely see him doing it now do it again。 Look at that。

 which just happened How much better， okay， he trailed on the end， by the way。

 But how much better was it initially because what you did there was you said I got you to do it alone now you're the little me you're in protection right then you became expansive because you became the group。

 you retained that epiphany of how you felt within the group and then you did it by yourself。

 But then what happened very quickly on the tail end what you do。You became the little me again。

 right， So you expanded。 and you're like， I think I could so expand。 Everyone saying hey， like that。

 But then just because3 fucking seconds went by that you didn't have permission， like。

 it's been three seconds since you had permission， your body said， wait， wait， wait， like that。

 and you Look at that。 Do you realize how much social condition is affecting you。

 Think about that for a minute。 How much you spent your life in reaction to social condition that you cannot even go。

😡，You can't even do that， you can't even do that。So if that's the case。

 how are you gonna go out to a nightclub full of women who are even more intimidating and actually express yourself from the core。

 right， So that's why we do this the way that we do it。 Okay。

 you see the little preview there kind of how we're doing it。 So， but the funny thing is。

 that expansive voice。 I want you to be able to speak with that same kind of at the cause。

 not the effect Bam out being at the cause， but even quieter。 I want you to be like like。Hey， like。

 okay， I can't wait。 It takes me a minute to ship calibrate， hey eep， like， hey。A hey， okay。

 it'll take me a minute to get it too。 Okay， my voice also thrash。

 That's a little bit harder than the lower ones。 But you see the point here。

 I'm gonna teach you how to do this。 not just loud， but I'm gonna teach you how to do this calm。

 so that you can actually be not like the burning brush fire， but like the white hot searing coal。

 Okay， so these are tweaks。 little tweaks。 There's shit that you don't even know that you're doing。

 Did you know that your voice did that。 You didn't even know before now。

 there's so many things that you guys don't even know that you're doing。 You don't even know。

 it is so fuck。 So what we're gonna do is we're gonna put you in a position where you know， Okay。

 I'm gonna do things to draw your attention to what's happening。

 And then I'm gonna give you the catalyst to get out of it。 And we're gonna do this all fucking day。

 Okay， this is gonna become a shit show Are you guys okay of that。😡，Okay， all right。

 let's keep watching this for sec。 The seatd is over here。我分点。See。

 now you guys can sit beside each other。I' Gary。My middle name is actually Gary case you't I don' know can I don't know if we can be friends now look here。

She says Gary is buying us drinks， and yet she's with us。 Now。

 look how she keeps looking down at my lips。かはい。I mess up my lipstick， I don't hear you。

I think it's good。That wasn that was't my pleasure。🎼Oh nice shoes。 Oh， thanks。 very classy。 Thanks。

 thanks the boots。How they like that am I thinking ahead in the conversation？Oh， boots， The boots。

 the boots。So I'm not really thinking ahead。 So many guys are thinking ahead in conversation。

 right So one of the major exercises that we're gonna do today is I'm going get you speaking in such a way where you're not thinking ahead and you just let it flow out。

 I called the magic A ball exercise， right， You just shake it up and see what comes out。

 This will make you looser。 If I sit here with her And I start premeditating what to say。

 Is that gonna build traction or is it gonna kill it。😡。

So you can see that here just by how relax I Now funny enough， again。

 this is a clip from six years ago。 my game's a lot more evolved now。

 but just looking at the simple clip， I like this one from six years ago because I don't always want to show the best clips。

 I want to show clips that you can relate to。 So if you look here。

 can anybody can everybody in this room relate to what I'm doing here Is there anybody in this room doesn't feel like you couldn't do this。

😡，Okay， and yet I'm sitting here， I've known this girl for about two minutes。And already。

 this grow me are in tight。 So you can all do it。 I think they're cool。 Yeah。

 I got them Beverley Center。 Now， I want you to compare how these her friend and the guy are relating versus how to me and her are relating。

 I want you to notice the chemistry differences。😊，And black。ent' pretty color I am。

 but I wear black a lot。If you are Blackboard， you're pretty safe。没有。Look at them， look at us。

If we have babies。This girl has been looking deep in my eye almost the entire time。

 This couple has not。 They're neutral。 He's not in the sweet spot。 Okay。

 so he's doing the same things as me， but he's not the sweet spot。 So his interaction is platonic。

And no one in my family is gone。原。Canadian point。I already put one in there， by the way。

When you're holding here。ll have really fast。Ss will be swollen with my seed。这で。好 building。有白人啊。

And again， chemistry。Chemiststry， chemistry。Chemstry， okay。

 so this guy is like he's just not coming at her。In the same way that I am。 And yet。

 what am I really doing， it's subtle。 So again， today is about subtleties。 Okay。

 today is about subtle， subtle communication。Now I'm not drugs but we're going to find our friend to ring little。

Look like she's having funna looks like she's having fun。You still a delegation。

Why are you me if are you me if she's？Is she in reaction or is she the cause she's in reaction so it doesn't your game doesn't have to be like the girl is always in reaction to you。

 she can actually be calm it's okay， but for damnshire you don't want to be in reaction to her。

Only啊 a。那个。谢。I'm tanning and I'm not tanning on my chest though still pretty it's just something that happens I don't know I get carel。

Right。If you look at her eyes， you ever seen your own eyes when you're talking to a girl who you're nervous in front of and you might start to make little squinting things in your eyes。

 and then you start to doubt yourself。 what's happening earlier。It's subtle。

 it's not like she's her face is melting off her fucking skull。

But what's happening is she's in a slight reaction in the same way when you go to the girl。

 you are commonly in a slight reaction。This is a big tan for me， I'm usually really cute。

And trust stays pretty。谢せ啊。Because that's where your center of power is and something invest。

I would like to increase。I was going to carry around like， Is this natural or weird。

 It's completely normal that she'd be going。It's normal because she's feeling the emotion she wants to feel。

 and she's with a guy that girls like her go with。 So again， emphasis。

How do you become the guy where it's natural that she would go with you， Okay。

 Learn game is not about the end result being this thing where you're terrorized night in and night out。

😡，Okay， the end result of learning success of women is coming to your core so you can express freely and meet the people who you're meant to meet。

 it means that you get in alignment with your own emotions so your emotions are good。

 and then when you share with the girl， she feels good。

You're out easier yourself and you're clear in your intent。

 so therefore she feels a clear intent coming from you and coming from the type of guy she would normally date。

He says， let's go and you go， it's energetic。It's energetic， it's subtle。

 most people fucking have no understanding of it， They got no idea about it。And for that reason。

 99% of guys have no game at all almost。I mean， how many guys could you throw into a bar or club or in the daytime and just walk up to girls。

 talk to them and get solid phone numbers they get callbacks or go home to girls， It is so rare。

 and yet how many guys are not in reaction in life in general。

 how many guys are even really winning in life in general。

 How much of society is the kind of you know， just a total mess so。😡，This is cool， right。

 This is fucking cool because what we're learning here is how to actually get to that core。

 So you're projecting outward。 But it's not this crazy anxietyprovoking scheme。 Okay。

 this isn't like， you know， door the troll， like emerging from troll reality。

 like get the trick Okay， this is more like you just going about your day。

 at ease feeling the way you want to feel， enjoying people the way you want to enjoy them。

 And when the connections there， you move forward， it's natural。 Okay。

 that's a space that I'm very keen for you to get into。 And by the way。Once you understand this。

 it's easier to be in the space that we're describing here than not It's actually exerting effort and depleting you not being in the space Like when you think about it。

 you've been in the space before， right We've all been there before。

 What I'm describing is relatable because we've been there at times when you were there。

 Did it d energy or did it add energy How about what you're not there。

 is it d energy or ad energy So guys will say game is tiring or at chore。

That what it means they're doing it wrong。 Okay， they get a number of different fatigues。

 persona fatigue。 They're playing a persona， selfjudgment fatigue。

 They're judging themselves bad when it doesn't go well。 Decion making fatigue。

 Every approach is this big decision they're making， They're having to press on their willpower。

 So get rid of these fatigues and when you enjoy when you're out interacting with women。

 you enjoy it and add energy。 So what I'm trying to do， Like guys say to me。

 how do you just go out there in front of a stage and talk for hours and hours， aren't you tired。

 I'm like， if I were you， I'd be tired， If I was doing the way you're doing it， I'd be tired。

 How do you go out every night， aren't you exhausted。 If I was doing the way you're doing it。

 I'd be exhausted。How do you get these girls is's exhaust if I was doing the way you're doing it。

 yeah？If coming from that frame， it would be。 So you've got to change the paradigm。 Okay。

 change the paradigm that you're coming from。 What I'm saying here is easier than not doing it。

 It sounds like this high goal。It's not a high goal， not doing it is a high goal。

 Do you know how much horrible social conditioning had to be implanted in your head without your knowledge for you to even get to the point where it would be tiring to talk to a girl。

Or nerve wracking to speak to a woman， do you know how much fucked up shit wentt in your head so that you can't even go e？

Do you know how much fucking toxic shit had to be put in there for you to not be able to go eh？好的诶。

Hi。What's your number， Let's go。What went wrong？That's what we're here to find out。

 that's what we're here tonight at。Okay。怎 welcome。That's it。Get ready。Okay。

 this is what we're doing today。 I was gonna carry around like a caveman， but that's fine。 caveman。

 Yeah， like this。😊，All right， let's get started you guys ready do this。All right， okay。

 let's get the lights on。Okay， what we're going to do today。

 let me give a quick review and we're doing it。Today。This is the hot sea。

You've gone through infield footage。 You've seen every type of infield interaction that you would need to see。

 Okay， you've seen it laid out。 This is like little short clips on YouTube where you see a burst of it。

 You've seen the full thing open to close。 You see how it plays out。You've seen it now， okay。

 so you have a very good context of what it looks like。 Now。

 what we're doing is we're going into interactive exercises。

 There's different principles that make success in women work that drives it。

 You don't need to learn every technique about how to succeed with women。

 All that you need to do is learn the principal。 Okay Are you guys following what I'm saying here okay。

😡，So what was this today？Hot seat。 Full day。Hidden camera video， this is what we're watching。

Exercises based on principles， principles success way that mean that you don't need to learn every technique because when you know the principal。

 you do the techniques naturally， How do we internalize the principles。

 We get a crystal clear understanding of what they are and then we catalyze them so that you live them。

 Okay， we do that through exercises， social pressure and the power of the group。 Allright。

 That's what today is。 Okay， so it's the combination of the context that the infield videos provide with these exercises so that。

 you know the exact trigger points to catalyze the change in yourself。 We're gonna unwire。

 fucked up stifling social conditioning and open it up。 Okay。

 we're gonna take the clouds are're gonna part them。 Okay， sound good。 All right。😡，Everybody up。

 we're gonna start moving the room around a bit here。

 So what I understand is that it takes my brain time to lock in。 all， look。

 all the stuff that we teach fundamentally is an exertion of energy， isn't it， Like at its core。

 sex and， you know， attraction， There's like a potency to it。 It's like。Okay。

 let me just explain like a core idea here， okay？In a certain way when we come into modern society。

 everything looks like it's built for us， right like the buildings are here。 you know。

 we know where to get the food。 It almost can trick you at a certain point to start thinking that literally。

 if you just did nothing， it would all still be there。You ever feel like that's not you're like。

 like you ever have a thought like I thought this you're like， what if I just didn't work？

But what happened， You you ever have that thought like you're like。

 like because it's funny to think that the shit we take for granted， like， you know。

 food in the fridge or whatever else。That if you stop working， it would just be gone like really。

 like it just what happened。 You know， like it's hard to imagine that reality。 And yet。

 what kind of situation does 80% of the world live in。Is it like San Diego。

 What's the city just the south of your called What does that city look like you mean， mean okay。

 you see what I'm saying here though， right， this nice environment that you live in is not the fucking default。

 Okay， it's not the fucking default。😡，Some guys had to say。

 we're gonna to make this fucking building and a potency had to be exerted。

 like some guys had to get in there whoever it was and start moving shit around， planning it out。

 building it out and making it happen。 Now， what's funny Like in a certain way。

 sometimes I have thoughts like wouldn't my life really be that bad if I just kind of S around and didn't do shit。

😡，Like， what if I just didn't learn pick up。 What if I just didn't learn how to public speak。

 What if I didn't learn how to run these programs。 What if I didn't build the hot seat Like would it be that bad And look。

 I don't know， maybe it wouldn't be that bad。 but at a certain point。

 you've got to ask yourself what you're gonna do， Like do I want to have sex of girls。

 Do I want to have a life。 Do I want to build my life and there's a certain like there's a certain kind of momentum or explosion that has to happen。

 So for every skill set that I've learned， there's being an energy exertion。

 like when I'm sitting up here， Bam， you know， there's there's a bam， there's energy exertion。

 So today you're gonna exert energy。 Okay， you've got to exert energy。

 I'm mean to get you to think in different ways。 And you can't just sit there thinking that you know you exert don't exert energy。

 there's gonna be a change。 what creates change or transformation。 an exertion of energy。

 What creates it， exert of What creates change。😡，Okay， we've got Brandon here。 Okay， Brandon。

 do you get giant muscles by not exerting energy， No Okay， thank you。He confirmed it。 Okay。

 so it's like， you know， he get like fucking muscles like。😊，You know what？😀I just want those gains。

 you know， right， its like sitting there getting gains。 Okay， at a certain point， this guy be like。

 fucked this shit。 And then he's like， yeah， I don't really know what it look like。 But you know。

 that's'， that's how， that's kind like that imagine it like okay， okay， you know。

 whatever he's doing， right， So at a certain point， like， you have to do that， right。

 Like for me to learn game at a certain point， it's like， okay， I don't know how to relate to people。

 Well。 Well， let's go paint it， you know， I start doing it。 So。😊，Understand that to change。

 you need to exert some kind of energy。 It doesn't have to be this like you against the fucking world type thing。

 It's not like that。 It's just you making a choice。 I'm gonna catalyze change to myself。

 That's got to be understood right off the bat。 The first I'm going teach you。😡。

Is people will generally do whatever you want them to fucking do。 Okay。

 And that sounds a little bit scary， doesn't it， But what I want to teach you how to do here is essentially have so much influence that when you speak。

 people just do what you want。 Okay， and this is obviously said within a context of nothing crazy。

 Okay， I'm not like like some guy in the room just like fucking like，'s nothing crazy like that。

 That's not what I'm saying。 rather， what it is， is it's an alignment in your intent。

 So there's so many bullshit intents that people have。 that they're not even aware that they have。

 Okay， So what I say， for example， here's what I mean by people will do what you want。

 Here's what I mean by it。😡，You say you see a beautiful woman， right？ And now if I ask you。

 what do you want， The first thing that guys always say is they want to fuckcker。 Okay。

 I want a fuckcker bro。 We're gonna fuck bro。 We're gonna fuck right on the shit。 And it's like。

 I'm going tell you a couple facts。 first of all。😡，When you get your first stunning woman into bed。

 you may not even be able to get an erection。 That's happened to me before when I was first learning this stuff。

 I would have a girl like it's kind of funny。 who has ever had like amazing steak from like matros like a perfectly like perfect steak right You know that Okay。

 so you know that feeling you you have yeah， so you know you know that feeling when you have like this perfect steak for the first time when you're like。

 this is what steak is supposed to fucking taste like right。

 you guys know that feeling When you pull your first stunning woman。

 there's sort of a shell shock factor where you're like。😡，Oh。

 and there's so many like emotional reward centers going off in your brain like， yes， yes， yes， yes。

 right， you know， and basically what happens is you can get nervous that you're gonna lose it。

 You know， it's like， am I entitled to this。 Like， is this me。 Like am I this guy now。

 Is this the kind of woman guys like me get。 you say like， oh。

 mind tends to fuck her I want to fuck her growinging and thick。 And yet And it's like bullshit dude。

 Most guys I see approaching a girl， they don't， they not only don't want to fuck。

 they don't even want to talk to her。 What they want to do is they want to go up and kind of like do their little approach and then run away。

're they're approaching in such a way where their intent is not even to have it work。

 Do you guys see that。 Their intention is not to even have it fuck at work。

 because they don't know what they do if she stopped。😡，Straight up。

 they're like like they walk up they're like， hey like their approach kind of like， hey。

 hey like that， they're already looking away。 they're already looking away like in the same way that we did the voice thing who I do the Voicing。

 what I do the voicing with you how you are with your voice they're doing with their eye contact and their demeanor and their desire to talk to her okay so I'll even see this like a lot of time on the way to the club I'll start doing little opens and I kind of want the girls to go because really I want to get to the club And you know what's funny when you do that they all just leave。

😡，But then when you finally want one to stop， you'll open in the same way。

But that one there will actually stop。Do you see that。

 think about this for a minute on the way to the venue。

You don't really want them to suck because you're kind of just getting there。

 but you might just be saying hi to a few girls， and they kind of just say hi and walk by。

But then when you finally want one to stop， maybe when you get to the venue。

 you open the same way but this stop。 there's an expression of intent that is hyper subtle。

It's very subtle when you actually want her to stop。

 she'll stop when you actually want her to come to the restaurant with you after she usually will。

 but you have to actually want it okay so。That's what's going on with a lot of guys。

 There's like a divided intent。 Okay， now by the way， we'll clear it up。

 I'll get you guys to move a little bit this way because we're doing the shots from the back。 Okay。

 thanks， so， okay， now now try to follow this。 So a divide intent。

 Let's break it up into two segments。 moving towards pleasure intent versus moving away from pain type intent。

 Okay， good intent， bad intent。 good， bad， whatever you want to call it。

 So good intent would be things like I want to chat the girl。

 you actually could get laid a surprising amount just by chatting。 like you just walk up and chat。

 and the girl goes in trance almost just by chatting。 remember that video from earlier。

 where the girls like looking demon eyes。 All I'm doing is chatting。 But she's looking demon eyes。

By the way， speaking of that in 10 things。 funny side note， Who heres ever made out like 5。

10 girls in a night。 put your hand up just out of curiosityio。 You ever notice when you do that。

 that what happens is you start walking from girl to girl and you just start kissing and they even want to kiss you。

 Who heres ever notice that。 This is crazy。 Who here see is crazy。 When you first get the hang of it。

You'll get to this weird point。 You're like， I just want to make out some fucking chicks。

 and I don't know what it is， right， And then you'll walk up。 And as you walk up。

 you'll look in the eye and you'll kind of like triangular gaze down to her lips a little bit。

 She'll feel it and go into make out。😡，Okay， I had one really weird night in game。

 but I can't replicate it ever since where like 5，6 different girls grabbed my dick right on the approach。

 I don't know what my intent was there。 It could be an anomaly。 I've been out a lot of nights。

 I don't know what it is。 But like， I remember like。

 I think I would just walk up and I'd just be like。Like dad， I don't know what it was。

 I can't explain it。 Like， I don't know what it was。

 but like it happened it got to the point where I was walking up。

 expecting the girl to just start grabbing it， right， I called it the preflight inspection。

 I was like， I was like pre flight inspection。 right， She's like， and they would just do it。 And so。

I know。 It's funny， right， So it's like， literally。And。

Supposedly Max has like the smallest penis ever and girls do to him all the time too。

 So don't feel bad if you were dig a small at the pref dis。

 I just to say for that one guy in the room with like fucking parannooid about this。

 There's always like one guy like every event that comes in the back。 I need to ask you something。

 I have like a tiny p can I ever get laid again。 I'm like， you can get laid。 Look at Max。

 So that side。 So。Look， you know， these little instances that you'll see are interesting。

 you don't need to overly read into it or become obsessive over like creating these effects。

 but just understand like if you walk up to a girl and your desires to make out。

 it's not uncommon that you'll walk up without even speaking and you'll start making out。

 I can't reproduce this on command all the time。 I'm still growing in my game too。

 but it's not uncommon that I'm able to do this either。

 So it's not something I can just always do it but it'll happen from time to time where you'll kind of just lock in and it'll just sort of happen。

 Now， the way that this is happening。😡，This is a very clear fidelity of communication。

 So it has to do a lot with moving towards intenses。

 Moving towards intents include things like spreading the party。

You're horny and you just think she's fucking hot。 You want to screen her。 You want to chat with her。

 You want to self amuse， you know， things like that， right， Now。

 here's what's funny when when you actually walk up to girl and you see her and you're like， man。

 like， I want to have sex with this girl so fucking bad Girl counterintuitively will be so turned on that your mind will be blown。

 but here's the key。😡，You rarely ever do it。 Most guys don't do that。

 All these guys that are cat calling a girl like all this kind of shit。

 that's not wanting to have sex。 That's defensive。 That's a defensive energy。 I only。

 I only see a girl where I'm like so aroused that I I'm like losing my fucking mind that I'm not aroused maybe like twice a weekend。

 I'll see beautiful studying women throughout the weekend。 But about twice a weekend。

 I see a girl where I'm like， I'm like。😡，Like this。When they see me looking like that。

 the shit opens okay， and it opens fast and they start giving the number fast。 Okay。

 like they immediately want to meet each other。 like they're like he's into me。

's like he's actually into me。 these guys that are cat calling and doing all this weird stuff。

 Like I mean you want a cat call a girl do like whatever I''s being an idiot with your friends。

 but it's not real game， just recognize that you're doing it just to be silly， It's not real game。

 But whenever I've seen a girl where I'm really attracted。 they're typically offering the number。

 they're typically wanting to spend time。 So it sounds on the surface like you're saying like when you want to fuck a girl。

 they want to fuck。 but most guys don't want to fuck the girl。

 Most guys what they're trying to do is pump their ego。

 or just be kind of like a dickhead or just like I don' whatever we're doing as guys like when we're doing this。

 But when you're actually attracted， it's amazing how fast the girls get attracted。

 it's fucking crazy。 So that can be good。 if you just want to chat， they'll chat。

 if you want to scream， they jump through your hoop。😡。

Video that you watch kind of jumping through my hoops and trying to get through my screens。

 I wanted her to screen。 So there's and frankly， if you look at that video。

 I kind of was like attracted to her。 I also wanted to chat。

 I also wanted her to screen herself or to jump through my hoops and I want to self amuse。

 you guys kind of see how it's not like just the one in 10。 just the one。Can't be both， right。

 They can kind of merge。 just like how bad intents can be a lot of bad ones stacked on top of each other。

 too。 So don't get hung up in the particular intent that it is。 That's not necessary。

 Don't get hung up on that。 But rather， just think of the general direction that the intents are going。

 Now， let's look at it this way。 Bad ones。 Huge one for most guys。1 would be just to get through it。

 Okay， just I'm gonna do this open。 I'm out of there。 I'm just gonna get through it。

 It never does shit。 Okay， you'll see this in the media when pickup companies try to do a media appearance and they try to get in there with their only goal not to get shame by the media。

 Any you ever seen pickup teachers go into mainstream TV。 I'd probably do it myself。

 why I've never even really done it。 I don' I'm not even saying I could do any better。

 I'm just saying it's what I've seen is all I' I'll get props driving the ball to even try just like in game if you approach and you just try。

 I'll still give you props。 I get props anybody for trying anything。

 But a lot of time you'll see a pickup teacher they go on TV and they're like what do you do。

 they're like， I'm just teaching guys not to creep anyone out。 know I'm teaching guys to be nice。

 know， things like that。 And if you look at their website traffic after。

 they never have any increase in website traffic。 It never happens。 but I'll tell you this。

 that guy was like I'm teaching guys to fuck some girls right and and it was clear what he's trying to do。

😡，He might get booed off that TV show， but go watch his traffic after his traffic could be fucking spiking and and not because like the fuck and girls sing。

 but just like let's even get away from that。 Like。

 I'm trying to teach guys how to get the dating like they want。 guys have big dreams as far as this。

 They won't have great experiences。 And I'm here to teach you。 You got a problem that that's cool。

 that's okay if you do。 I can live with that。 But that's what I'm here to teach。

 You you start talking like that and not just like know in expansion， not just in protection， right。

 So maybe you would even call it。 I just realize this now， instead of calling it bad or good intense。

 Let's call it expansive versus protective intense。 is that better。 I see some nos here。 Okay。

 well go that。 I should have thought of that a long time ago。So， you know， so expansive intent。

 people engage with it， the idea of engagement。Is the basic idea that if you are actually going up to the growth in expansive intent。

 there's something for who to engage with。There has to be something to engage with okay so I'm speaking with you guys here。

 I have an expansive intent to share。 there's something that you can engage with if I'm speaking in protection。

 you can't even really engage with where I'm at so that's the difference now。😡。

What we'll do here again， the protective intent。😡，Am I going to look dumb。

 Am I going to feel bad I she going to reject me， Well， if you're thinking is she going to reject me。

 what What's the result you're going to get， is going to reject you。Because the folks reject， reject。

 reject， she can feel that she can feel your anticipation of rejection。

 So when you walk up with the anticipation that she'll talk， she'll talk。

 I know I'm in the sweet spot when a lot of girls in a night think they already knew me。

Because you're walking up that naturally。 okay， it's like they feel that you know them。

 So a lot of time I walk up， I don't even talk and I might just put my hand out or I'll do little jokes like put my hand out like that or in like this or walk up and just stare。

 and I just let that intent。 We're gonna talk。 I let that show through okay now this is from years of doing pickup that's sort of like the conclusion that I've arrived at if that makes sense。

 Okay now intent again， the moving towards intent， not the moving away from intent。

 Now let me make a point。😡，This is why we come here so we can do。 so I'm in your head right now。

 okay。I've been your fucking cat right now。controllinging your thoughts in ways that you've never even conceived possible right now。

You will react to me。Okay。Okay， okay， so what's happening right now， I'm in your fucking head。

 You're going to laugh what I want you to laugh。Okay， you're gonna fucking laugh。

 if I fucking want you to laugh。 You're gonna laugh。 And if I want you to just react。

 you're gonna react。 I' am in your head right now。 I am mind fucking you in ways you can never imagine right now。

 I'm in your head。 You're listening to my voice right now。 I'm in your head。

 You're gonna keep reacting to me Right now， You're in complete reaction to me。😡，You are my bitch。

Look at what he he goes。Like that， okay， you will fucking react to me， okay？You'll react to me。

 I'm actually a very nice guy。I'm just going to speak quietly to you。 My voice is a little bit thred。

 That's a bit hard for me to speak quietly right now。 Ily， if I speak quietly， my voice in the trash。

 but you see the idea， even speaking quietly to you， if I want you to laugh。You're gonna to laugh。

If I want you to react。You're going to react even speaking to you like this， coming from this frame。

 I am in your head。I'm the dictator of your thoughts， your hopes， your dreams， and your future。

I'm the big brother， okay？But funny that you made that comment， You're the big brother， right。

 like the whole like。That idea of this force that's influencing you。 Really。

 what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to draw your attention to it and I'm trying to get it where you're gonna be at the cause。

 Okay， this， this whole event isn't just me like mind fucking the whole room and go home。

 And I'm like， that yeah， it was awesome。 Yes， okay。😡，Okay。

 the idea is I want to get you doing what I'm doing。 Okay。

 so you're here to learn to do what I'm doing。 So when you feel an reaction to me。

 I want to get you to the point where you're not gonna react to me。 Okay。

 I don't want you fucking reacting to me。 Okay， I want you to get me reacting to you。

 or at least to be able to be with me。😡，That's where we're trying to get you to。

 So the first thing that you need to understand what I'm saying I'm in your head is that there's a high fidelity communication right for me to you is complete expansion energy。

 none of the protection energy。 I am you。 You are me。 I am you。 We are together。 You are me。

 I am you。 I am in your head。 Okay， in my mind， It's like I'm in your fucking head right now。

 I'm in there right now。 I am the voice。 I am the voice in your head right now。

 Do you see his facial expressions。 Do you see what's happening to him as I do this。😡。

Are you just catching this。 That's why we come here。 We see is facial reaction。 Hes inre right now。

 Okay， come here。Sure everybody。Okay okay， do you see what he just did。

 even just to come up here right now， he's like as he's coming up， okay， what he's doing。

 he's hesitating right now， Okay， he's feeling the reaction。 So if you see the reactiveness there。

 what I want to do is I want to pull that out of you。Okay。Okay。Can we。😊，Now。

Can we get you to stop reacting to me How am I doing this Part of it to be fair is I have a giant group backing me up。

 isn't it right to be fair if I was at your seminar， Mr。

 like I'm in your head you'd be like no in your head。

 you fuckcker that table's not turn okay so you're at my seminar right now and yet what we're doing here today is we're replicating what social conditioning does because social conditioning is that expectation of larger society Okay so if you can't even get it here in front of a group of people。

 imagine what you're feeling front of 300 million。😡，You see what's going on there。 Okay。

 that social conditioning。 This is what social conditioning is doing to you。 It's in your head。 Okay。

 the social conditioning is in your fucking head。😡，Okay， the way that I'm in your head right now。

 the social， if you think I'm in your fucking head。

 how much do you think social conditioning is in your head of 300 million people？QuOr 6 a billion。

How much is it in your head， How much is it in your head？Z， zero， reactive， okay。Good try。Okay。

 whoa okay， you see that。 So do you see what I'm doing right now， Are are you gonna to cry， Yeah。

 I know。 Do you see what I'm doing you right now， okay， okay。😊，😀I want you to。 Okay Okay。

 do you see you see what I'm doing here， though。 I be I be feeling the same thing。 Okay。

 everybody would be experiencing this。 everybody， because what it's doing is right now what you're feeling is how much you're not at your core。

 Why is this guy able to be in my head like this？ What other thing， you know， What's going on。

 Like why the fuck， am I not， like， why am I not what I think I am。

 Why am I not able to just sit here in front of this guy and just be in his head is in my head or whatever。

 Like what， what the fuck is going on here。 Okay， that social pressure。

 But social pressure will hit you in ways you can't even imagine。 Okay， it's fucking hitting you。

 So what is your name， Ham everybody right now in a judging nasty way point and go， Hamish， Hamish。

 Hamish， Hamish， Hamish Hamish， Hamish。😡，you guys see that。

 you'll all be getting your soon too Okay so okay， do you see this， Okay。

 thats social conditioning right there。 That's social conditioning。

 Do you remember I said earlier when we talked about this， if you're gonna go through this。

 you're wanting to change you're not This is not just fucking sitting at home being entertained。

 I want you to fucking feel it。 I want you to fucking feel the fucking social pressure your fucking head。

 feel it in there All right， And the question is how are we gonna get out of it。

 how do we make it by the end of today， He no longer feels that but in fact。

 he is completely at ease going through this is what we want to feel， it doesn't have to be this way。

 Social condition does not have to get into your head this way。 Okay， it doesn't have to。

 It's destructive， but it doesn't have to be， It's only able to get in when you're in a reaction。

 when you're at the cause when you're at the court， it can't get in like this。

 we've got to plug a fucking leak。 Okay so the basic thing that I'm doing is in my mind right now。

 There's a number of different ways that I'm doing this。 I'm gonna teach to you layer by layer。 Okay。

 that I'm able to do this。's。😡，though， is that even though I'm doing this with the power of the group here。

 do you guys see me doing the same videos where I'm doing this， like say walking up to a girl。

 getting and reacting to me， even though I don't have a whole bunch of people in a room。

 I'm still able to do the same thing。 look I have bad is and good days。 some days you kill it。

 some days you fucking suck， but on a good day。 I can do the same thing。

 I'm not saying I'm walking up to the girls like bro like something that。

 but I can do the same thing and get the girl reacting to me， even talking by the way。

 calmly like and you'll see how I do that talking calmly just chill in what I call the sweet spot。

 you'll see me doing that。😡，Creating that reaction， I'm doing that。

Even though I don't have a whole bunch of people backing up， frankly。

 she's probably with her fucking friends。 And I'm probably getting her friends in the same fucking frame。

 too。 Real social dynamics is not just about。😡，You know， having power within a group。

 it's about cultivating that personal power。 So you carry it with you anywhere that you go。 Okay。

 not situational confidence。 core confidence is at the fucking core。 by the way。

 let me make a side point about that。 When I was 23。 One of the first things that I said。

 there was like this 35 year old dude。 He was a selfmade millionaire， super sharp guy。

 Well dressed everything， amazing fucking dude。 This guy inspire me。 I'm like this young kid teach。

 And on our website， we said， if you work with RsD。

 you'll develop a confidence not just in environment where you're the shit， but everywhere。

 And and he called me， and he said， I'm a little bit skeptical of this program because I can't understand how like。

😡，I have a lot of power in some of my environments。

 and it just doesn't make any sense to me how you could have that kind of power。

 not in that environment， because I know even for me， like I'm a cool dude。

 like I've I've built my whole life to have power different environments。

 How can I just had that walking down the street and I said I mean， you know， I don't know。

 maybe you're right， Just come try the program We'll see how you feel the end。

 By the end of it of a night of going out。 He's like， damn dude it's really like this everywhere。

 By the way， though， as crazy that sounds。 you've all experienced it if you've done game。

 Who here has ever had a night out where you had core confidence just out socializing with everybody Everybody's had that experience So it's crazy to think。

😡，That you can get it the question is， how are we getting get it consistently is the question。 Okay。

 so that's really what we're learning here。 Okay， so what we're doing is we're putting the social pressure on you to make you aware of it。

 not to sit here and just like fuck of you， but maybe a bit。

 you know but you know what but you know what I'm saying It's not just sit fuck with you。

 It's it's literally to put your attention on it so that when you're out after this， you're like， oh。

 there's that thing。 there's that thing。 Okay so what we're doing how am I doing this。

 It's basically high fidelity communication So I speaking to the group right now。 In fact。

 I'm not just thinking I'm in your head。 I'm actually thinking that I'm in all of your heads right now as a public speaker。

 as a public speaker。 I'm imagining you could this isn't really what I'm imagining。

 but sort of thinking of it like this。 imagine if I'm imagining a green purple ball like for me to you all like。

😡，like that。So I could be talking to you in the back and I'm imagining I'm in your head。

 and then my body is following through with that now。Again， I've been teaching all weekend。

 so voice is thrashed， but if my voice wasn't thrashed。And it's just when I go low。

 unfortunately just doesn't sound so hot， but okay。So I can still do the same thing。

 Even with you at the back right there， I can exert just as much influence on you from the back。

 even speaking quietly， even if， even if I was whispering to you。

 I can still exert the same energy on you from the back as a speaker。 as long as in my mind。

 what I'm envisioning is I'm in your head。E is an expansive intent。 The intent is expansive。

 The intent is to be in your head。 Okay， I can talk this。 Ay， hey， hey， I can talk about that。 Hey。

 hey， hey， hey， hey， hey， hey， hey。Hey， hey， I could talk like that， you guys see this， hey？

You're going to listen to me。You're going to fucking listen to me。は。Youre can to do the fuck I say。

You're gonna smile。You're going to laugh。Look at that。 He just starts fucking smiling laugh。

 I just go here smiling laugh。 I mean， what I'm doing is kind of funny。

 but I'm not saying anything funny。 If I stop on laugh， you'll stop laughing。

Are you proactive or reactive right now？How reactive are you feeling right now？QuiteThank you。

Did you shoot your pants yet， Okay， what's going on here， okay look？At first。

 this just looks like the Owen Narcissist seminar。Like。😊。

You will all be my bitches and pay me to do it， okay so。

But I'm trying to show now I have a complete group dynamic in my favor right now。 I mean， come on。

 right is childs play what I'm doing right now。 And yet again， when you see the hidden camera videos。

 I'm going out into forward environments like I've been fucking but fuck nowhere。

 I don't nowhere this clicks of people here that all know each other and I can walk up and again。

 be at the cause， not the effect you guys see what's going on here is core confidence versus situational confidence。

 Now， a lot of today， what we're gonna be doing like I said。

 is we're gonna feel what it's like to be within the herd and feel it。

 but then we're gonna go back into solo。 you got see that getting you the feeling。

 like what we did with you earlier。 Okay so we're gonna come back and forth in and out。

 you see that So we're gonna to do right now is I want you to envision that you have a direct line into someone's head。

 and literally what's gonna happen in your mind it's it's already in there so when you become present to the moment and you're just sharing。

😡，I'm sharing with you。Your mind， your mind is not going to go into rejecting it or being as skeptical as you would normally be because you're not detecting signals from me。

That I'm that I'm doubting it。 Okay， as soon as I start to doubt it and doubt the value that it has to you。

 then what happens is my is the fidelity of of the communication is changing。

 It is going into this like protection， And then if I'm in protection， Why do I in protection。

 Do I have an agenda， Oh this guy's an agenda， What's his agenda。 Why is he saying what he's saying。

 I don't get it， and now you start to doubt。 So if I'm， if I'm if I'm already in your head。

 We're in a shared space together， I'm in your head， And I'm sharing with you。 I'm not the little me。

 but I'm the we， I'm the we， you understand that when I'm speaking with the group， I am the group。

 Owen isn't here right now， I don't know where O and when， Okay， I don't。

 I'm not having thoughts of Owen， I'm just sharing。😡，Okay。

 so the little me or the we protection expansion。 Okay， hey， I in your head。

 And what I'm going to show you after this。In a moment， I'm going to tweak you。 Okay。

 I'm going to do a tweak to where what I'm in your head。 instead of feeling reactive。

 you get energized off it。 I that hard to imagine right now。A bit okay， well。

 instead of you feeling in reaction。 or instead of you feeling in reaction。

 instead when I'm speaking with you， you're gonna get excited and want to change it。 Okay。

 but I'll show you how after， So let's begin right now， Okay， we're gonna have like a war。 Okay。

 It's like a fucking I'm in your head。 F war。 Okay， only the best man will survive。 Only the best。

 the best gets to go on。 You are in jeopardy。 you are in a fucking threat。

 So you will grab a group of four。 and you'll go， hey， I'm in your head。 Hey， I'm in your head。 Hey。

 I'm in your head。 I'm controlling your thoughts。 My thoughts are your thoughts。

 My opinions or your opinions。 you will do as I say， Okay。

 do that with imagining you're already in their head。 Okay， I want you to do that。😡，よ。No。

I'm in my head。こや。はい。So you've had a bunch of guys now come like bam， bam， ba， ba， ba， bam。

 ba I like that right now we're going to do。Okay， so do that you're in I'm mean you your heading to me。

 I'm in your head。I'm in your head。 I own your thoughts， your opinions。 my I'm in your head。

 I'm in your head。 I'm in your head。 I'm in your head， bro， I'm in your head， bro。

 I've been in your head。 bro， You've been in my head， but I'm definitely in your head。

 I'm in head I'm in your head。I'm owned No， you just said you're owned and you admitted it。Okay， now。

 okay， right there， okay， who's and who's had more right now？

I'm still more okay I'm still a bit more in his， but has he improved。 so we had an improvement。

 which is good。 I want to really emphasize how stacked this is with me running the seminar。

 It's like this is not this is bullshit essentially because it's like the guy running the seminar is like I'm in your head more and if you don't let me be then fucking 30 people are gonna fucking be peasant they're all gonna fucking kill you if you're more in your head than me So you have to let me win by default or you are fucking fuck because you destroy their hero you destroy their hero you see no。

 but still good answer and he's actually that answer there shows that he's gonna get something I'm about to teach he's beginning to get now here's what it is So right now what I'll teach first is I'm going to teach him to elevate and I'm I'm going have him elevate and I'm gonna have him elevate over me so do the I'm in your head but do it like prison style or like know whatever you want like more elevation。

😡，Like do it like fucking like， hey， like， hey， like that。 Okay like， hey， okay， hey。

 okay that in your hurt。 Okay， okay， now start doing to me a lot。 I'm in your head。 you here。 now。

 I'm in your head。 I'm in your head more。 I own your head。 I own your thoughts， Your opinions。 all。

 Okay， I'm in your head more Silillo。 I own your head。 I own your body。 It's funny on your beard。😡。

Okay，Okay， he does， but the thing is， I'm still in your head more。Iye own your head。But you don't。

 I own the entire okay， right now， what you're doing is you're faking in。And I'm in your head。

That's this kind of。I'm in your head。You can try to lower it to match my low energy。

 but you're still copying what's at the surface。You're copybing what's at the surface。

 you're looking at the surface。 you're thinking， oh he's talking quieter。

 is that how I can get in his head， and therefore you're reacting？You're still in reaction。Okay。

 you see what's going on。 Okay， now how am I doing it。 Okay。

 so no matter what he does to try to get over me， he he can't do it Okay now the reason。

 now the reason why one thing look， I want to say straight up。 a major reason that I teach this。

 to be fair。 okay， I am while I teach this， everything I teach is shit that I naturally suck at。

 So I want to say that like I am the furthest thing from having this shit down。

 I just teach it every weekend because it's like the more that I teach it。

 the more I get it down myself。 Do you guys get that。

 Like I'm not like I look kind like I have down because I've been doing it for a while to be fair。

 But I teach it to try to get it better。 So I love teaching this because it helps me。 Now， see。

 here's the tweak。 So。There's one tweak that we have to make。 and once we make this one tweak。

 basically it changes the impact。 So the tweak that we have to make。Is right now。

Right now if I say to， I'm like， look。You have to get more in my head than I'm in your head and if you don't。

 you aren't going to be destroyed， okay？The little you is gonna be destroyed。

 You have to protect yourself。 You've got to protect yourself against me being in your head。

 you got to be in protection because if you don't win， then you're fucking loser。

 if you don't win your' fucking loser， if you don't win your fucking loser， okay。

 you're fucking loser， Do you understand how a fucking loser you are。

 you're not going on your dreams， everything's gonna be shit， okay， you see that but。😡，Crazy， okay。

 you see it's going on here， so what's happening is。He guys are like， okay， whoa。

 okay guy you're like， oh it's me， Okay， but I'm when I'm simulating social pressure。 Okay， that's。

 that's the。You're not going to hear it verbalized， but the emotion that you feel is there， but see。

 instead of us going， bam and hitting you like that， it's this like unnoticeable refrigerator hum。

You know， like listen right now to what noises we're not even hearing。What's that noise。

 Fucking air conditioning is going up。 Did you even notice how we pointed it out。😡。

That's pretty fucking loud。And you didn't even notice， right， social pressure。

The effect that it has on us， We may not even notice， but it's just fucking poison dripping you， man。

 And then you go to approach the girl and you're like you you can't figure out why but it's been affecting you without knowing it。

 So when I'm going， you're gonna lose that like all shit。 I'm trying to dry it。

 Itd be like as if we cranked up that air conditioner then it' like like that but then what happens is like because we heard it now when it goes back lower。

 we can recognize it。 That's why we're doing this。 now when I'm doing such conviction。

 I'm going Im like that。 it's because I know that it's better to fix it than it is to just leave it be nothing is nothing is gained by being like like letting like letting shit just keep going。

 know So if got to fix something got to fix it like a legss broken， you got crack it back in。

 you're not gonna be like just let he fucking bent So we won't hurt for a minute So it's okay to push ourselves here。

 now it's just a simple tweak。 It's a simple tweak。😡，As long as you're at sea right now。

In your minds。You're up here on the hot seat， you're sitting up here with everybody fucking looking at you。

 judging you right now and if you can't get more in my head that I'm in your head， you fucking lose。

 you fucking lose， you fucking lose， okay， that's the mindset there。😡，But here's the truth。

 and you're not even fucking thinking this in your mind right now。Everybody here seeing you up here。

 every single one of you guys in here is looking at him and you're going。

I'm probably too scared to even be up there in centershot right now。

 And yet this mother fuckcker's learning more than me。 and I wish I was up there。 I wish I was。

 how many of you guys wish， even though it's scary that you're sitting up here right now getting bombarded。

 Okay， that all this。 okay， so you see the idea。 So everybody And is a single person in here。

 knowing that that seminar leaders doing this， judging him like， what a fucking pussy。 like that。

 I there a single person here doing that。 Okay， some guy should like clown just be like， I am Okay。

 So know， he like some guy sneaks up behind this dick like puts in his ear。 you know。

 But but you see the idea not a single fucking brain like。😡，Okay， but not a single bug person。

Not a singer。Okay， that happened to me once， okay， so not a single fucking person is judging everybody here。

 in fact， views it that you're adding to the group。

You' you're adding to the group because we couldn't be learning right now unless they're seeing your reaction。

 so no matter what reaction you have， you're adding the group。

 everybody is seeing themselves in you right now， you can do no wrong。

 the fact that you even came up here， you're already winning there's no losing， you're participating。

 you can't lose。I that's my thought。 It's like， I'm just here to share。

 I'm here to be part of something。 Now what's funny is if he right now tries to go over me。

He can't quite get it yet because he doesn't quite know how yet， I'm going to teach him out。

 but he can't quite get it yet。 But if he just talks and he's like。

 I'm fucking nervous as fuck or like this is so fucked up or whatever。

 But instead of trying to be this faker getting over me， which he knows he can't。

 if he just speaks authentically instantly his energy and status changes here's why because if you're just like whatever it is that you say。

 you know if you're just like oh my God， this is so fuck you know like that right。

 I don't know if I could do this whatever it would be you would say， I don't know what it is。

 whatever you're feeling But if you say that and you're just saying it to share， all of a sudden。

 now your status， if mine's earss you're here， you go boom right to me。😡，Boom， right to me。

 because you're just the guy doing helping to do the exercise。

 right when I'm sitting up here and putting pressure on you， like what do you feel？F kind of tense。

It's almost like my body's shaking a little bit。 I'm trying to like not to let it happen。

And so I'm just trying to like hold myself still。 Now look at this when he spoke。

Did his status immediately match with mind in terms of the value he's added into the room。

 Could you guys feel that。Yeah。But wait a minute， he's not like destroying his voice， like， oh。

 it is screaming like a fucking maniac。He's just saying he's scared。Why is he the same status now？

I've worked my whole life to fucking boss up and like this guy just convince you scared and he's the same status as the boss guy。

 fuck。😡，Okay， how do you feel？Being up here， what do you experience？Feels better now。

It's something now that I'm talking properly。Now that I'm talking properly， it feels better。

 what does that mean？The power of congruence。😀Cause you actually are in my head in a way。 No。

 because like at work， I listen to you on my head say。 I know that's why it's not fair。

 It's not fair。 It's like， yeah， is like the biggest like stacked like unfair thing。

 This is like a guy fighting like one leg behind one arm behind It like， Okay， but yeah。

 so it's it's， it's stacking it， but which is true， right， So， so what is it， So what's it like like。

 did you ever imagine being called up in front of a group。 Well I'm like， fucking call a shit。 Like。

 what do you ever imagine that。😊，I kind of did。 actually。 That's cool。

 I was like when you were like earlier when you were talking about like commanding like。

 you can get people to do what they want to do。 And I like you talk to the room。 And I was like。

 maybe I can get Tler to just look at me and talk to me。

 And then that's exactly Yeah That's pretty crazy。 I was kind of weird。

 I don't I don't totally believe in that kind of stuff。 Yeah， yeah， it was kind of。

 It might have either you never know。 So okay， so but you see that now， but even look。

 do you see all of a sudden， look how much I was owning him a minute ago。😊。

And now it's like there's no owning him at all like in fact， me trying to own him at this point。

 what does it look like I look like a fucking try hard So a minute ago。

 I'm like look at like oh shit and now I'm like， I've in your head and then he's like yeah。

 you're in my head just I'm like I've in your head。😡，What just happened。What just happened？

He just fucking annihilated me， right， I throw this thing at him。 and he's just like， catches it。

Back in my face， right， and the only way now for me to match him is if I'm like， yeah。

 I'm trying to don。Like， I feel like get out of that even。 And I'm gonna be like。

 I'm trying to dominate you by getting your head and I admit hit， okay。That's it。Okay， now。

 by the way， so if you try to come back。And he gave me back on， then status goes down。

 the only way you can do it is first both to win。You see that。

 So it's just like if you just talk normal， then you eliminate this whole status thing gets wiped out。

 it's wiped out。 So it's the level of vulnerability。 So when you're speaking。

 if you're speaking with vulnerability like this is just this is what my experience I'm sharing it you know。

 it's not like this armor of a character the character is the armor right and it's like you know。

 you guess I have to excuse my voice， I've been teaching all I taught like four programs this a month and the voice saying it's like I stuck the dick of a horse side admit okay so。

Basically， it'll probably be like this the duration of the day， unfortunately。

 but got I've got a couple weeks off。 so that's。 So this is my last program。

 So he if you're in protection， it's like if I'm like。Okay， like， okay， everybody。

Here we' could to do this。This is the moment you know， and I'm like oh I have the speed。

 you know let' shit like that and then he's like like like hey like like say that I do that I'm like I'm like。

 okay guys。We're going to learn right now how to do this shit。 And then like。

 what's on your mind right now。Okay， even just how he sounded there， which had hesitation。

What was more powerful me， like we're going to do this or even what he said。That's fucking weird。

 and he sounded nervous。He sounded nervous， but you can feel。

 I'm trying to draw your attention to the power of communication so you can physically feel more power。

Coming off of him than me。 And when you speak from truth。

 what happens is that it's an expansive energy rather than a protective energy because having a bullshit。

 it's protective。 We all bullshit。 Okay like whenever anybody is like I'd never lie like come on。

 dude。 we're telling like 2030 lies of fucking day about like the dumbest shit。 the dumbest shit。

 It's so stupid。 And like there's a book by Brad Land called radical honesty And I swear to God that sold。

 I truly believe the reason why it people are so sick of just hang all the time。

 they're like it's like radical you could do that You' like fuck I wouldn't have to fucking tell is fucking lies all the time。

 that'd be awesome。 know just for the chance that they might not have to they do it。

 And it's not like people are making up while stories are shit。

 but it's just like It's not even so much of the lie is like a blatantly false lie but it's the persona that you're playing that you may not even feel good about And and we all do it。

 I feel myself coming in and out of it all the time。 didn't you guys relate to that。😡。

re with you're coming in and out of these personas and sometimes that can be a good thing， you know。

 you're talking to your mother， you're trying to be polite。But other times， you're like。

 I'm selling myself out here。 I doesn't feel good。 And so that's the idea now。Essentially。

 what you got to do。We' got to rewire this。 I want to train you to say say， like， I'm in your head。

Or even say you are in my head。 But from a vulnerable space of exactly what you think。

 And what will happen is essentially now rather than trying to beat me， it's a win win。 okay。

 it's a win win And the reason why this is so critical in learning success with women， for example。

 or social skills is that when you see that studying girl that intimidates you don't view it like a win lose viewed as a win win So you and her are sharing space and talking What'll start to happen when you do that is you get fucking crazy chemistry and the vibe goes up and up and she's like this guy's different from all these other defensive guys。

 So that's really in the sweet spot and game remember I call this the sweet spot。

That's the sweet spot right there because what's happening is。You go with the girl and you have。

 there's the first layer。 We taught the first layer。

 The first layer is the direct line of communication and an expansive intent。

 The second layer to put on top of that is， say this word than me， vulnerability。 Okay， so and it's。

Getting out a little me and the we frame。 say the we frame。 we frame。 Okay， so essentially。

 it's like just like， if I'm see， so what I was doing， I。

 I'm fucking with you earlier because what I was doing was I was saying。

 say I' in your head in your head。 But as you're doing it， do you know what， I'm pturing， I'm like。

 we're on the same team。😡，We're on the same team anyway。We're just sharing， I can't。

 I've already won just by being up here sharing。That's what my mind。

 So in my mind's like I've already won just by approaching a girl just by going up to share energy。

 it's after to her to win together not really， that's the frame。

 So it's like if I'm like I beat your head。I mean， like， I'm in your head right now。

 I'm in your head。 I'm in your head， the same pal， hey， hey。Andt if I'm like， I'm in your head。 hey。

 I'm in your head。 Hey， we can have the same power， but tonened down。 So the loudness， by the way。

 is a gimmick。 It's a fucking gimmick。 I use it myself。 if I'm having trouble getting in the moment。

 It's a gimmick。 It's a gimmick that meditators even use。 Watch this。 You want to。

 let's just make this as cold dishes ever。 Watch this。 Okay， so watch a shit。

 So if I make everyone go like that together。 watch how quickly you get present。 Okay。

 we're gonna do， I'm gonna get you guys to do this is like so silly， but we're do it anyway。

 We're gonna do a deep breath。 I'm just trying， I'm trying to draw your attention to this to different factors。

 We're gonna do a deep breath。 And we're gonna like that。 I'm get you do it three times。

 So first I' go deep breath in and then I'll go like that。 ready。😡，In。嗯。嗯。Okay。

 are you more present than a minute ago， crazy， right， When you make that noise。

 What happens is it draws your brain out of the thoughts， all the the compulsive monkey mind。

 and it gets it in the present。 right， Well， hey， it does the same thing。 Try everybody right now。

 Just going， hey， and notice the similar quality。 It's almost like a burst of present energy iss kind of funny how it works。

 right， Just go， hey。😊，He嘿い。は。Well， the goal of this seminarar really is to play with groupthink right we're trying to feel groupthink like where's the core and and where's the group think。

 we're trying to play with it and get a sense of how it's affecting you to get you to your core。

 That's why we're doing this like I said， like with the air conditioner we drawing attention on it social conditioning。

 how group think like even just seeing that Can you see how some like atrocities have happened essentially So it shows groupthink but it also shows the momentum of groupthink and how and how it affects you and how it gets in your head I what I'm trying to show you。

 I'm trying to show you how social conditioning gets in your head I'm not choosing this。

 I'm in your head thing arbitrarily。 I'm trying to show how it gets in your head now。😡，Okay。

 so aside from that， so the general gist， the twist is rather than being the little me in protection when when he was the reason why he can't get me is because there's nothing to get。

He can't get him me because there's nothing to get。Now， by the way。

 if you put me on a talk show where it was like in front of 20 million people and I felt nervous。

 to be honest with you， I might go back into protection， who wouldn't for fuck sake， right。

 who wouldn't， I'm not saying that maybe I would'， maybe I wouldn't， and and that's the case。

 then if some guy start teasing me， I probably could see myself going in protection。

 and then you start trying to fight back and then you start trying to react and how do you look。😡。

Right if I was on like you know Jay Leno or something like that you know。

 and he starts teasing me and and I just joke the way that you're joking。

 now I look like it's in good fun。 Everybody likes it and applauds it because he's in he's with the group。

 But as soon as I'm like that's not true， that is a mischaracterization of what we teach and misrepresentation and then everyone's like fuck this guy and then he's like Jay's like and I'm like like that right。

😡，So。It's like that imagery of the org。 Okay， the orrk， my precious or sorry， the gom。 Okay。

 I'm not up to speed up my Lord of the rings。 That's sorry so。😡，Okay， it's like that my right。

 Why does he want like my precious， my precious， But the little meat。

 here's what so fuck it depletes you， right， Do you know how like his character， he looks depleted。

 that protection shit deples you， You can see it then guys， if they go with it too long。

 they get black bags under their， like I mean， everybody does you age right But the point is like they get thick black bags under their eyes。

And you see it depleting them， I can recognize guys that are stuck in the little meat。

Within seconds of seeing them， and if you want to know what they look like after long enough。

You guys know that do to jack the price up of HIV pills from 5 buck to 700。 Google his images。 Okay。

 Google the images on him。 And you can see when that little me energy stays in there long enough。

 how it starts to physically manifest in the person's inner light。 okay。

 just go have a look at that and try to get a sense of it。 Okay， Meanwhilewhile。

 when you see people that are beaming。 You can see that as well。

 So life is about a lot of small little choices， Do you want to be the little mean protection。

 or do you want to expand right And what's funny， here's the crazy part is that in shrinking。

 essentially saying， I' have nothing， There's nothing here to get on the group， What is the truth。

Expansion， okay， you expand， you energetically expand。 So the book power versus force。

 force can still work， but it's it's like， hey， it's like， it's like you're trying to do it。

 You ever try to force a pickup。So force is like you're using the ors and you're paddling furiously。

 right？😡，Power in the book power versus force。 It's like you just got the rudder。

 You're still doing stuff， but you assume the energy is there and then you just move the rudder。

 You're still doing stuff。 Okay， you're still structuring escalation or leading home all that。

 But it's like the power just pushing you。 So it's like you see the girl。Intense right there。Talk。

 you're speaking from a space of vulnerability。You're in your head。But you're in your head。

 not because you're beating her， but because you're merging。 And it's like， hey。

 like I'm merging with you right now。 I'm merging with you right now。

 It's not this like super complicated thing。 Okay， It's not like a tentacle is gonna to come out like avatar。

 It's like。Like this is how you pick up， right， okay？That's not what it is。 but there's a merger。

 like if I'm speaking with you， there's nothing here。 So if you tease me right now。

 as long if you see something'm going to tease me， and I'm just like。

Like that like I can laugh at as if the rest of group laughs at it。

 then it's deflected and everyone's just happier， but as soon as I'm defensive。

 then there's a problem like what what could you say to tease me right now。

 We'll see if I could do it fake nose。Okay。Right。You tiny little ginger and and your funny black jacket。

 Look at this red shoes。 ridiculous。 You look like a clown， okay。Okay。

 you got see that bam back at you， Okay， right， I give because if I go with the group。

 do you see that？So if it's just because that is just funny right and then it's just we're having fun together and if you persist。

 now you look like the dick and you know why because you're the little me。

 you're the little me and I was actually with the group， so now you're the dick。

 funny enough though if I go defensive。He looks like he's right all of a sudden in the group's reality。

 I am wearing a clown shoe and I am a little fucking ginger， but if I don't care。

 you don't care if I care， you care。😡，Whatever， whatever， and that's the dynamic at play。 Okay， now。

 and we are going all make fun of each other later。 So， okay， so again， if you come with me and I go。

 if I go，like that。 do that。 this is done， I think， but okay， just go。Okay。

 is he in protection or expansion？Tregan。え。Okay， protection expansion， Okay， he's expanding。

 but he's not expansion yet， Okay， come here okay， to the group。Fsh。あ。Okay， now there， he's louder。

 but was using power force to get louder can we see it now okay？

I'm kind of getting concerned here because I might have to use force myself， but okay。Okay。Yeah。

 I'm very， I'm very clogged up here， okay， trying to find up a spot in my voice I can hit you with。A。

A。8ight。So the first two， I'm using power， sounds obnoxious。 The last one I imitated。

 the obnoxious one。Or sorry。 The first two I use force。The last one I imitated using force。

 but with power， so watch if I'm like。Hey hey。It's like I'm forcing you， right。

 But I can actually make that same obnoxious noises in power。 And it sounds comedic。

 Let's see if I can。 I'm going to try， hey。You guys catch that。

 why don' did you laugh on the last one。 It's the same tone。 Why you laugh because it's the we。

There's the we Okay， so I'm trying to teach you here， not just how to be great picking up girls。

 I'm trying to teach you how to be powerful communicators like somebody who gives like that inspirational speech essentially。

 it's kind of funny and is doable So right now we're gonna go together on the like that and you're gonna feel the power of the group So right now you're gonna have the power of the group。

 everyone's giving you approval but then what'll happen is I want you to remember it。

 like I want you to lock in on how you felt in the group。

 but then after like solo So try to lock in and pay attention to the confidence that you had with permission。

 but then after you've gotta give permission yourself so just do it and you three guys here also everybody on this side here from you down。

 do it with us okay do it right now。え。Good， and just relax and just let it out now。

And just however you do doesn't really matter'。If right now you think to yourself。

 I've got to show them that I could do better。Are they going to be mad， what's going to happen？

You're not going to do right， You can' do it right， but if you think。

I'll just show them where I'm currently at。Then it'll come out， so don't worry about getting it。

 There's nothing to get。There's nothing to get where you at now， just show， just where you at now。え。

ああ。How's that Okay， Can you see where he's coming in and out。

 Can you hear where he's coming in and out， He's getting it and then he and then as he gets it。

 he's like， I'm getting it and it's like the little me is awesome。

 and then he goes I think he loses power Be catching this Try again just where you're at hey。😡，呃。

Okay， can you see where he's gaining and losing power？Okay，Just in your mind， your only thought is。

 dude， I'm up here to just fucking share the shit， whatever I show people are can relate to you like when you see him struggle。

 do you guys all relate to his struggle？😡，If you can。

 they can all everybody here is relating to what you。 you can't fuck it up。 In fact。

 if you'd been perfect， this exercise is would have sucked。😡，This one is suck。

You just come up and do it and I' be like， well。Okay， you know， A。He okay， you know。

 so it's awesome that you actually showed it。 So just in your mind， I'm just like， hey。

I'm just showing where I'm at。 Like my voice little shot up。 I can't get it perfect at this moment。

 hey。I'll just show her Matt， just show where you're at。

What happened there I't think about before That right。

So just where I'm at and you don't have to beat it， see now。

 but here's where game fucks you up because now he's like， now I can do it， I'm the guy。I can do it。

 Look at me。like that， right， I've got the sword， I get it， you know。I have nices， right？

That's the ultimate little me， right。 It's like， like。

 we're gonna have fucking kill guys and fucking make the world do what we want。

 But it's so fucking crazy insane。 So， okay now。😡，Right now， basically it's like just。

 that's all you got do。 It' just like， hey。哎。You're still thinking a bit。

But by hearing that he was thinking a bit， did it help you or hurt you？

It actually showed you so you can't lose。You actually can't lose。诶。诶。What are you seeing there？

Do you feel yourself almost laughing a bit？But he's just doing the hay thing， I mean。

 you did it before， why did you laugh at the other one， What's going on is subtle， okay， or subtle。

He，How much power did that have？You know it's funny。 Listen carefully。

 I actually thought that one have the most power beyond it。 actually resonate the most of me。

 You know why。 let me show you I'm I'm trying to really draw your attention Its hard。 Okay。

 I want to draw your attention。 He didn't go as loud but funny enough。

 it was just in the moment So I I can actually feel it more。

 So get get off the surface Do you remember how when we were doing a little battle earlier battle。

 which me， by the way wasn't a battle。 But in your mind。

 because because of what I'm saying to it feels like a battle because I'm saying it's a battle when I went quieter you're yelling over me and you're like why does this fuck able to be have more power than me when he's not even yelling with the fuck。

 so then you try to go quieter。're like I'll try the quieter one now I'll try the quieter one now quieter but that's not working either。

 Okay so it's like you can actually you can hit with more impact it's like this。

Fucking crazy impact if you even quieter， you can get it。You can get it quieter， okay。系。

You guys have more that。意思。😊，You guys see what's happening？Try louder。Charloter。

Try fucking loud as again。It is about 80% power and about 20% force in there。

 it's like you can feel it， but you can still feel a bit of the strain and that'll determine how much you let in。

Okay， do you remember I said again with the women， it's a sweet spot。

 So if you can walk up and it's just straight out， it just， it's like devastating fucking power man。

 It just hits， right， People wonder why I can create like this following essentially。

 right Like this following that I created and they're like， you， how's he doing this， Like。

 you know what's he doing， People are always like analyzing how I'm doing this And then。

 but I'm just putting out videos and sharing stuff。 So why am I able to create a following。

 But what's happening。Is I'm just doing the things we're teaching here。

 So you could use a screen of following。 You could use this to， you know， me girls。 You could。

 you know， I mean， frankly， like， I'll use it like， I'll go to stores when they're closed and I'll。

 I'll be like， hey， you know。Can I come in？Could you let me in？Just for sec， you know， bam I'm in。

 I do this all the time。 It's endless。 It's like I'm like coming this like little kid on a rampage。

 Like， it's like crazy。 I do this shit all the time。

 I just come up from a frame that people want to help。

 It's amazing that when you just come from that frame， people， they want to help out。

 It's a crazy thing。 Okay， so just keep that in your head。 Now， we'll do the thing where we go。😊，Hey。

 and we do it。 But again， here's the frame。 here's the switch up。 Here's the key。 Okay。

 key right here， and this will be leading into our next exercise。The key is， as I'm doing， hey。

 if you hear me getting louder than you or more powerful than you， we're in a collaborative frame。

 you're me on you。 So whatever you hear good from me， like if you hear me like I'm like hey。

 it's just like bam hitting you rather than doing this。😡，It's expansive。

 We're doing awesome together。 We're doing awesome together。 So， so I can't beat you。

 You can't beat me。 There's nothing to beat。 So when you were doing this to me earlier， in my mind。

 no matter how good you're doing， I'm like， we're all waiting。There's nothing to be。

 I'm not getting intimidated because there's nothing to beat。Do you guys follow that？

There's nothing to beat。 We're on the same team。 We We're creating shared experience。

 Imagine that the world had no humans on it at all。 How fucked up that would be， right， So we。

 that's what cool。 So I'm going do it with you。 But even if I'm like hitting hard as you as。

 as it hits you， just be like。Just be vulnerable， be yourself。

And do the I'm in your head do I'm in your head back and forth， be vulnerable。

 And if I'm hitting hard， don't have the dialogue of is he more than me， is he more than me be like。

 he's doing awesome， we're doing awesome。 I am the group。We're together。 not the little me。

 but the we。 Okay， I'm in your head。 I'm in your head。 head I'm in your head。 your head。 Okay。

 so I'm doing good， right， Okay， you're doing good， too。 You don't need to be。

 but there's no need to be in reaction to me。You can be， it's like you can be or not， it's whatever。

 whatever。Okay， there's no like there's no， you can't do bad or good。There's no bad or good to do。

 okay， because I'm in your head。I'm mean your head。 Im in your head。 I'm your head。 I mean your head。

 I'm your head。 I your head， in your head。 I mean your head。 Im mean your head。 I in your head。

 I your head， okay。We matched。Right there， Ia couldn't get over him because he just finds it amusing that I'm doing it。

 He just finds it entertaining。Then I'm doing it to。 I's like， what the fuck， right， that's cool。

 others head。 Okay， that's it。 You see that。 let's go down there。

 right It's like when you did the make fun of me thing。 And then I'm like， like that， right？

 So it's like， so the energy， it shifts the energy。 Okay， I'm in your head。😊，I mean your。

 I your head， your your head your head。I can't get him now。 There's nothing to get。 I'm in your head。

Emin here。I can't get them so oh you can't do anything， right， I am in your head， I'm in your head。

I'm in your head。 I'm in your head。I'm in your head。I've in your head。I'm in your head。

 I'm in your beard， okay。Yeah see that， so look at the ship now do you remember earlier。

 I'm doing this exact same than you and what was his reaction earlier？Tears coming up， shock。

 protection， now what's you look like？Go a a。哎。8ight， eight eight okay。Okay， see。

 so what we're doing now we're building it。 So the first layer is。The direct line of communication。

 So so again， it's not expansive energy。 but now we we chunk that up。 So we add in vulnerability。

 So basically right now。As you're speaking。Everybody's hate me and again， we're noticing。

We're coming in and out of group think， so we're going to come in and out of the group。

 the herd is protection， people crave， fucking crave to be in the herd。Popular music。

 like Brittanney Spears and stuff。People listen to it， is it because they're like？This woman's voice。

Is it magical。 I mean， I watch it because it's in a school girl uniform， right， And we yelled too。

 But is that why， Why do people all listen to Brittany。😊，Because everybody else is doing it。

 they want to be in the herd， right， It's like， I actually think Justin Di like a great artist。

 I think he's awesome。 I really do。 But at the same time。😊。

Is he that much more talented than like all these undiscovered guys。 Like when you live in L。

 you say he's talented mother folks you're like， oh my God。 Like this guy's so talented。

 But nobody cares what he's doing because they care what everybody else is listening to。

 So his version of breaking through what breaking through means is that other people start listening to him。

 And then and then all the people in the herd are like， now I want to listen。

 and people listen to music to getting unison to what other people are listening。

 So is Justin Timberl's great。 He actually。I mean， it。Unusual a statement， as this would be。

 I actually think that Justin Timberl contributes great value to society。 I actually do。

 I think he like， I don't know， but you know， I think he contributes a lot。

 but is what Justin contributes this like。This genius of talent。Like this musical dancing。

 fucking genius。 like he's like Beethoven Mozars and Jt and insect。 You know， like， right。

 is that what he contributes， What does he contribute， He actually brings people together。

 It actually， it's like he created something that everybody could like 50000 people could be like。

 yeah， this is cool and enjoy the shared experience。 People like to be in the hurt。 I've never said。

Not I mean， I probably him， but like I never intended to say， don't be in the hurtd。

What my intention was to say is。Gden heard if you want。

 but the problem is a lot of our beliefs in mainstream society。

Mainstream societies only't been around a couple hundred years。 A lot of beliefs are wrong。

 and a lot of the beliefs are designed for the benefit of the society。

 but then you wind up getting fucked over because it's designed just to keep everyone kind of in this little place。

 And that's fine。 I've never been like， I've got to change the whole society I'm not like coming from that frame。

 right， people that need to change world changers， they always fuck shit up。

 making utopias and fucking， you know， like it's like。

 that's where weird ass wars get created shit like that， right。

 I never was trying to reach those people。 Most people are fine in their group think they're finding in the herd。

 But for all you guys in this room， have you ever had an inclination。 because if you're sitting here。

 It's a certain type of audience。 Have you read inclination。

 that there's better shit out there than what you're taught in the herd。 You read that inlination。

 You ever read the inclination that if you can kind think outside the box of the herd for a bit。

 your life could go way beyond anything you thought possible。 Well。

 you can you totally It's super awesome。 So， so you know。

 that's how you become a visionary that's how you do amazing shit。

 So it's okay to like you want to go to Jt concert and you just be like。😡，You know， that it's cool。

 Like I'm not like， look at them at their concert all smiling with their lighters。

 loser shows like I'm not， I'm not doing that。 Like， I'll go have fun。

 dude like I'll be with the lighter， whatever， I don't care。

 but it doesn't mean that I have to be owned by that。

 It doesn't mean that when I feel the pressure of the group。 if I don't do exactly what they want。

 It's like fucking with me。 And like， I'm getting anxiety and fucking me up。

 and I'm getting in fucking loin， told the fucking loin。😡，Okay。

 so I I' out and I see some beautiful girl。See how he was already laughing， right， okay？

If I can smile shit， come and pull him。So what's happening is like， I don't got to total line。

 I don't。 I don't have to be like， I'm the Bding gingeringer。 No reproduction for me。

 Just find me a little troll like me to reproducement in my little troll cave。 Okay。

 I don't need to do that。Okay， I can go to the same women that the fucking Sus go to。

 I'll go the same girls that JT's going to。😡，哦。Is that scary？The same girl as JT。

See how you guys got quiet when I said that， the same girl as Justin Timberlake。

 I that could never happen。Okay， look， I never said that I walk down the street with girls dropping their pans and screaming。

 Okay， I'm not Jt。 I'm going see's a gap。 but but the point is like you can still see those girls like those same smoking hot girls that he would take home as groupies。

 you can still fucking go up and you can talk to them and you can create attraction too in your mind you're like。

 if I'm not Jt， I can't go up So you feel a block。 You know like you're yelling or you were yelling and you feel a block。

 that same block is a permission block that says I can't approach those girls。

 those girls aren't for little me they're for Jt。 Okay。

 so next time that you feel yourself nervous' approachg girl just make the stupid joke yourself like are day for Jt day for Jt they for me。

 Okay because that's what you're doing that's what you're doing Now okay So what we're gonna do right now is we're gonna do the and thing first。

 And then after that I'm gonna get you to say I am the group and I'm get to do a few times and just notice the shift to how you feel okay first everybody。

うん。😊，嗯。Okay， now I am the group， I am the group， I am the group， Im the group， I am the group。

 I am the group， I am the group， I am the group。😡，I the group。え。Okay。Now again。

 notice in the safety of the herd， it's safe。That's safe。Okay， it's easy to do because it's safe。Now。

 try， I'm the group。 I'm the share it loud or however you want I'm the group again。

 you look down to the ground there。 you went on'm the group down。 I'm the group。 I'm the group。

 I'm the group。 I'm the group。 I'm the group。 Im the You try now。 I'm the group。 good。

 try I'm the group， try， I'm the group， try， I'm the group， try， I'm the group。 I am the group。

 I am the group， I'm the group。😡，I am the group。 Im the group。 I am the group。

 I am the group Im the group。On the group。 We're the group。 Okay， See the last one was his best one。

 So okay， so the idea being right， So in the in the herd， you have fucking power， right。

 So the group thinks you power。 That's why the guy's tall， good looking。

 He's like the power of the group。 Hey， And then you see him getting laid and you're like。

 fuck these tall guys getting laid all the time。 and I'm going up doing the same thing as him。

 But what's happening is like there's this conditioning where the guy who has the belief system that the group gives him permission it's easier for him to summon that power individually。

 But you know， you get a guy who doesn't look like that。 It's harder get you get you to come up。Okay。

 say I'm the group。 I'm the group， I'm the group。 I'm the group。 Go like loud。 Okay， go。

 I' in your head to me。 I'm in your head。 How is that。Very good again， I'm in your head， again。

 I'm in your head and introduce yourself to me。Michael， good to meet you。 Nice to meet you。 Okay。

 so he smooth the shit。 You you guys see that。He's fucking smooth。 He fucking smooth。

 I can pick you guys out of the audience。 I'm doing this little thing。 So he's smooth。 Now。

 so your' smoothest fuck。 But the thing is， you're looking your lips at me， by the way。 lips dry。

 Okay， good come back， okay， so。😡，We'll call later。What's going on here。 Okay， so he's smooth。

 So if you can have that same vulnerable vulnerability and power behind it， you walk up。

 you go to girls。 They typically get attracted。 It's kind of crazy。

 They typically get attracted and it it circumvents this whole like。

How hot am I compared to him and stuff like that。 Not every time， but it does a lot。 Yeah。

 can you touch on theulner。 So okay， so it's basically， it's like power versus force。

 like if I'm like， if in my mind， it's like， I'm Owen， I'm expected to act as the seven leader guy。

 That's who I'm supposed to be。 then I'm gonna communicate， I'm gonna be like， okay， man。 Well。

 the way we're gonna respond to you is like this and already that fakeness is you're gonna do this。

 But if you're just like， okay， can you expand on it， if in my mind， I'm not thinking too much。

Like the more that I cannot not think， basically。 But then if you say don't think then you're trying。

 right。 So the more I can just be and just。Like there's not a way that I have to do this。

That's the perfect way I just share。 So if'm， if I'm sharing with you to try to help you。

 then it's good。 If I'm sharing you to try to prove something， then you'll feel the you'll feel that。

 So I'm trying to get， I'm trying to get you guys the point where your communication is like like a fucking fray train。

 So there's like a direct line of communication with you the other people。

 So what we're gonna to do is the I'm in your head。😡，We're going to do the same exercise。

 but just literally when you're doing it to each other。This time when they're owning you。

There's nobody's owning anybody。What you're doing is you're sharing， okay。

 you're just sharing and then feed off it so like if you guys like I'm in your head like say you guys are yelling that at me。

I'm in your head， I'm in your head。You're in mad。I'm in your head。Okay。Still in your head。Okay。

 in your head。In your head。I'm in your head， okay？I'm in your head。 Thank you。 Still in your head。

 I appreciate it。 Okay， So if he does that， I he oweding me or not。 So okay， so you see that。

 So thats this is like when you're approached a girl。

 you feel these weird pressures coming at you and all this weird shit。

 But you're just being this collaborative。 even if she insulted you or something。

 It just collaborative。 And then now you pass the shit test。 Okay。

 so we're trying to get you really moving forward here。 So let's get everybody。

 could you guys give a hand to these guys right here because this is insane。 like whoa， okay， whoa。

 So this is crazy。 So that was fucking awesome。 you have a quick question。

 I just wanted to make a comment like in the blueprint。 You talked about。😊。

Like you go up to people and you assume you're your friend。 Yes。

 and like that like really clicked with me because I had an experience where I was at like a party where people were like more nerdy。

 and I felt like they were more like me。 And I would just like went massively into state and you know。

 pulled that night。 And you know， it like looked like when you said that， I realized that Yeah。

 I fuck girl。 Yeah， guys。But。Yeah， hard looking back on it， right， like you know。

 to be a little bit personal like that was when I lost my virginity。

 right and like the reason I looked back。Yeah。Fy， okay。

look back on it right And the reason I think you know that when you said like you go up to someone you assume your friend。

 like in that environment， I did assume people were my friend。

 and that's why that happened that and it's an addictive feeling because guys get get love the pick something because what happens that when you actually make an effort to go out and you slip into that mode you feel euphoria who years ever felt euphoria meeting girls that's so crazy right So sex is great but the euphoria that you get from being in a venue I mean I'm not saying it's like some chemical like MDMA shit' mean I didA。

 but I assume because that's past where the I think from what I understand the would go don't know's as high as your brain is gonna naturally go and the best part by the way you fucking earned it you earned that high a lot of people I Molly before for example。

're like Molly is amazing It's like incredible but it's there's still that knowledge't people I have no idea and I' about。

I got naturally on your best night they' like it's not quite that point。

 but it's the same kind of genre， but I feel like I earned it like it's like actually me and I know how to reproduce it instead of being this thing that might deplete me Some said that I don't anybody have a quick thought on that I don't know anyone done have a Molly thing Have you done Molly before。

You're like， yeah， it just sounds good at I earned okay。Got it， okay， okay， that's cool。Alright。

 okay， just because was Yeah， you didn't draw。 he shared it， at least。 the point is he shared it。

 okay， yeah。😊，No， but I I did it because I was just feeling shit about myself and it feels like shit。

 I mean even if you're high when we get high like from your actions and being intention and getting out of can compare that God it that's cool。

 Okay， great for that。 very good。 Okay， so yeah， I don't know much about it。

 But I just know that I love the feeling that I get from it。

 And I love it like when I do it is something I can reproduce。 And I'm growing from it。

 So I think that's really cool。 So basically， if you guys see me like like two years I'm like Timothy'ary。

 I'm like， I was limited back then。 now I'm space shit。 knows。😊，Okay， so point being。

When you have those nights where you go out and you just open up and then you're having fun with fucking everybody dude that's a great night and the fact you want up making out with fucking hotaughties or like you have sex some girl at the end of it you're kind of like whoa you're like this is cool like a can this is crazy it's a fun feeling and it's unfortunate that guys sour that wonderful experience by getting so focused on the result and the little me and what they can get and then they get rejected by tons of girls and then after they get rejected by tons of girls they hate game and then when they do get latest this this validation cake it's like a dopamine spike and it this weird cycle of and really should just be like。

Like in a nice way， you know then and then much like in the same way that when you guys have come out of it。

 you know， like to take yourself right like you'd be getting it and you come out of it。

 you'll have that with pickup right like you'll be you'll be just flow having a great time with pickup and then you'll get like look at me I my hand like this and then you start to do bad and it'll keep kind of pulling it out of you So there's sort of like a spiritual component to this to game that sounds so bizarre to think that pick up this sort of activity that is like you're picking up chicks it doesn't sound like that but there's a way of going about it where there's so much growth and you can see guys that have been in this for a while the kind of growth they get is pretty intense now what I want to do is I want to get you guys again doing the I'm in your head where you can even like yell whatever it is。

 and do that with each other but this time do the same exercise but coming from the frame that when you feel the energy coming at you instead of viewing it like this attack view it as。

A collaboration。 Okay， it's a collaborative thing。 You feed off it。 No one can win or lose。

 You just feed off it with vulnerability， authenticity。Do it right now， let's do this shit， let's go。

How do you guys experience the difference energetically doing in that space in terms of how you feel after one is one is like you just went to fucking battle that's the first one right you're like that right How do you feel now everybody it is smiling Everybody's in good mood Yeah euphoric okay shit's easy right it's funny So that's the thing right it's funny how works now So essentially why so group thing is like a blessing curse right because people feel so isolated and alienated that theyll they'll go like you know join some you know in some negative philosophy or something that you a gang or something right just to get in that group So we're trying to teach your funny enough I'm trying to get you the feeling of how good it feels to be in the group but then to lock into that and realize that you can be your own group you can be your own like one man gang one man coldder one man Jt concert I can unlink。

The content from the emotion。 So look here， if I'm like。

An alienen aducted me and I got taken in space and they got probed， okay or。You know。

I was driving down the street and there was lines， which one's appropriate， The first one， right。

 if I go an alien of duct atectomy and I walked down and got and I got probed versus I walked down the street。

 which one's more appropriate。The second one， right？

 But what I did there is I keep the feeling in my mind。

 I lock in on whatever I'm saying is adding to the group。 I lock in on that。 I'm adding value。

 Why am I adding value， not because I mean this little persona。

 I mean the little me persona that I'm told to be in like a good little doggy。Wof for you wof for me。

 Can I get a treat society， Can you give me a treat if I'm a good little dog， D。No okay， I do it。

 I do it。 Are you saved。 Okay， So instead， I'm saying I had value just by my presence here。

 just by my presence here。 I have the group。 I'm sharing。 I'm sharing my energy。

 when I'm sharing these silly things I'm saying， you guys find entertaining。 Okay。

 so you find entertaining by the vibe， not by the words and funny enough。

 the strange mix in the words is even more entertaining。

 So I could be entertaining by talking logically。 like I could talk about，😊，I don't know。 I mean。

 the lines itself， I could say that the actual lines。

They're an amazing innovation in traffic because imagine driving around without all these different methods of traffic what a pile up things would be Anyone ever ever been to a country where they don't have the type of traffic laws and signals and stuff。

 It's crazy right So again， it's interesting too。Even though I'm talking about something logical or I can go illogical and it can also be engaging because again。

 I'm just sharing， do you see that， so we unlink the emotions from the content by doing this。

 you can make improvisational speeches all day long。😡。

And if you run out of stuff to say you can start making shit up and you're sharing and everybody has fun。

 so the next exercise what we're going to do is you're going to discuss something boring like your drive here。

So mean boring like your drive here， but just share， come from that scene。I've in your head。

 vulnerable。And now just share， Okay， And as you share it。

 do you remember when I get you again if I'm， if I make him go， hey， do it， Hey， again， hey， again。

 hey， right。 But then if I say now do it， just say it。 Hey， Okay， see what happened。😡。

You see that right you hold back why that's why people love the herd because in the herd it's like。

 yeah， right， it's easy to dance in the group， hard to dance while everyone stares。

 see that herd versus soul okay， try in， lock in， lock in on how it feels when we do the group and then try again。

Hey， hey， hey， they did。 Hey， See that。 He locked in。 Do you see right at the end， He lost it there。

 He locked in like 90% through and like， oh， that right It's like you're like。You know。

 you're about to drop the mic。 I'll keep the mic。 So you doing it right So you go in and out of it。

 So again， lock in on how it feels to be free because you have the say to the hurtd and then carry that energy with you because you assume you're in the hurtd。

 you are the herd。 I am the group。 I'm like when I'm talking， I'm just sharing。

 And so that's how we do it。 So do that now， But as you describe your drive here。

 something boring and just share it like as as you discuss it。 like when me Alfonso drove here。

I didn't even know how far it would be， I wasn't really sure。You know。

 I'm used to taking Ubers a lot。 but with Alfonso， I gotta get out the GPS。 And he was a good driver。

 You know， you see， I'm just gonna share it like that。

 I'm gonna to keep you engaged something boring。 Do that now about a minute to two minutes each describing something boring if you't do your drive。

 You could do something else if you choose。 And then just try doing that。 And again。

 we're disassociating the tone from the words。 And this allow you to talk to girls forever if you want to。

 Okay， it's crazy Once you know this。 give it a try it now， get in your group， Go to crack。Thank谁。我。

Very。Now the key is with a speech impediment， you have to own it。 you have to own it。 you can't。

 if you have， if you feel the impediment kick in， the second that you back off of it and you make an excuse for it you're like。

 oh God its impediment。 Oh humiliating Oh good ta ta ta， you know right， you can't。

 you can't win that one， you know， so you just got to own it。

So after get after fall asleep my car for two hours。

 we get peeking in I decided I should probably drive down here。 So I started driving down。

other like down down， This is good。 Now， let me ask you this。 Okay， so what do you do。

 what do you for work， I， Im a CEO of company really cool。

 What kind of tech company So we' we're star Great， Okay， cool。 And when you。😊。

How do you wish they're as tall as him？How do you even wish they're as jack as him？I don't right。

 so okay， it's like just if you are， you know， if if it won't come out， then you just own it。

 you know， it's like， okay， that's how I'm talking and I just own it it's like it can get me but I just。

 I don't know， like I mean。Whatever， like I just， okay。 And if I just。

 you know I speak in the fragment。 I just like， if I think it's funny。 And like， I to share it。

 then I can still keep seeing social power behind it what I'm doing。 But if every time I have a。

 a stop， if I go， I。Yeah。Like that， then the powers gone， so it's just like you just whatever。

 and then that's it， okay， and you just communicate how you communicate because that's how you communicate。

Have you ever your been flags Oh what do you what do you think it's fucking awesome Is it over your pass like four times a year。

 Okay， what just happened there。Okay， so you see。Okay。So。Do you u？ever since you got into R。

 do you read a lot of books now。 Oh yes， I I got R years ago。 And then I found Yeah。

 I started reading all his books on I through。 You kidding me。 three books a week。 he found reading。

 by the way， how super amazing I dropped college last winter quarter。 January about a year ago。

 And year of just reading you realize how much more there is in the world how can learn and there's always more options Go it was。

😊，At the point where I was realized that I did think I didn more options。

 And then I found Teles I was like， no， I if I fucking can do anything you want。

 And now I started company。 So wow， holy shit。And， and do you recommend them to read。 Oh， yeah。

 definitely。 No， you guys aren't reading like 20 minutes a day。

 You need to start just just just a little bit of time。 I mean， I。

 I approached for like four hours in a day。 that's gonna like up really early and do quite the joke。

 nope。As we go command？Okay。👏谢谢。So what what are and this is not my area specialty。

 but what are some tools that you think that you can use。

 So let's review what are the tools that you can use to own it。ID soften and judge myself。

 just keep eye。What happened when we said that？F。And then another one who said， what was it。Of。

Good mind。 So any interactions to win win。 So every time I stop and study out。

 I make myself a loser in that sense。 That's true。 You're in my head right now as you're talking。嗯。

And then another one， I can。Slow it down my speech more so that's part don't even but like it's not like don't even slow it down。

 just don't feel rushed， right。Yeah， I see that Talk as fast you want。

 can talk as quickly as you want two people to listen。有。Let tension out。

 I like it when you laugh because you let tension out。 You know， it's like， you know。

 hold tension is like。But that。Let it out。够。😊，😀哈呵。😊，😀Okay， that's good。 So that's tension out。 right。

 So the tension。 You see that you see there。 You see less's tension out。

 So what's happening is we let tension out。 So you see again， like。

 I don't know the root of where challenges speech come from。 I don't know。

 But I do know the challenges I have faced from social condition。 So you see how that pressure。

 how it is like this weight。 right， it's self imposeose weight because when you actually let it down。

 the judgments gone。 The judgment is like this， It's this program is virus and it's like this weight you're carrying。

 just let it go。😊，How do you feel when you let to go， better lot better。 sweet， Okay， give me a hand。

 guys。 Okay，' done。👏My， very good， very good。 Okay， so now。Yeah。

 like when I hear somebody stuttering， I assume that they're thinking faster than I am。

And that they want to express it faster， but they can't get it all out at once。

 so then I'm actually like jealous a little bit because I assume your brain's like processing stuff faster。

That's what mom always said。😀I'm your mom I am your mom。 That the next exercise。 Okay， so。

 and you see like， again， when he lets go， how much more attractive does he become energetically。

 Okay， so that's the major key is that it's like， yeah， so。😊，😀は。Okay。

 so you see the gist right It's like， so that's where like you can see a lot of the basis of charisma。

 the ability to speak， the ability to convey。 And are you guys able to get a sense of how this plays with interacting with girls。

 Can you get a sense of that。 Okay， so remember we said thiss about the sweet spot and the ability to walk up。

 share and even you're saying， hey， you know what's up chatting。

 and it looks the same on the surface。 but there's stuff going on beneath the surface。

 And that's what we're showing here。 Okay， so we're trying to make it to where you can communicate。

're planting seeds here， You can communicate in a way that you get traction nicely。 Now。

 the next one I want to do is and a lot of videos that you'll see from me。

 You'll see me kind of just with the girl。 And I just let stuff come up。

 I don't think ahead too much。 remember that video that I showed you earlier where I'm sitting。😊。

On the couch of the girl and we're talking about the boots。 You guys remember the boots thing。

And so my mind just relaxing talking about the boots。

 remember we said if I forced it what would happen？If I'm like the boots， the boot， right。

 what's happening， Okay， I've just realized I spilled something on my boots， Okay， so。

And funny funny side note， so say that you spill something on yourself right， and then you're like。

 oh no， it's spilled right。And then people are like boo， he's rooting the group。

 But whatever if you just get dirty You know， you're like fuck it， you know what I'm saying right。

 I mean， obviously some items can be too expensive to be past that point that you would take that lightly。

 But let's just say like you just go out， your fucking dance and you're fucking around。

 you get a bit dirty。 But you just keep elevating the vibe for everybody。

 Everyone's like yeah yeah love that guy。 It's like super fun。 So again。

 is that getting out of protection and getting into expansion And and again， you know。

 if it's like my gene my gene like that you're in protection because like a little me that doesn't help anyone and it just lowers your power anyway。

 But when you just have fun and gray things happen。

 What we'll do right now is I want you to still your mind。

 So remember we do the meditation kind of weird thing before do that again right now。Okay。

 we'll do it once a more true remind you where the still space is one more time just to get back to that。

Let your mind still。All right。Still， now what we'll do is you're going to go into a meditative state with one other person or two if it's somebody within your group and just keep your mind present。

But then allow a thought to come up， so say that you're sitting there。And then it's just like。Shoes。

Alco。Gatorade。Spanish。Docking station。Epic meal time。Offloading a truck。Kalamazoo。

Et cetera as a three letter abbreviation。Gators。Flights。Flight of a flight。Flighted a。唉。Gitter。Okay。

 so what I'm going to do？So two rules。 I actually broke the h a little bit last one。

 But the two rules are don't associate off the previous words。 So don't be like 1，2，3，4，4 look at me。

 I got them all right， don't and don't associate off the environment。

 don't be like floor ceiling wall God like again， I got a three year old。

 My three year old could do that。 Okay， three old kicking pointed shit。

 So what we're doing is said is we're not doing that。 But you're training yourself。😡。

To allow your mind to be still。And for the word to come up。 the words come up。 And if you fuck up。

 don't go fucked up。 that fucked up。 that let me fucked， don't do that。 No one cares。

 no one cares that you fucked up， right， just like with speaking， if you stutter。

 don't go that's stutter。 let me。 What does it think。

 that's the only way to get past it to own it right。

 that's the only fucking way is to own it and share， that's the only way to get past it。

 there's no getting past stuttering with like， you know。

 just think if I think of it more clearly I I won't stutter， know just crazy。

 You drive yourself fucking nuts。 Any you ever feel like all this fucking social pressure drive you nuts。

 drive you fucking nuts。 Okay， is it a waiters it lights。 So wait， when you shed it off。

 you feel good。 So just let it off if you don't like there's a place for harmonizing with a group or expectations of a group or meaning standards。

 Okay， it's not like just like this giant mud pit of life now where you just roll in the mud。

 But the point is is like at the same time。😡，Being a fucking awesome guy。

 guys that are awesome dos that people fucking love have that ability that we're talking about here。

 Okay so everything in life is a mix。 But the thing is。

 most your life has been focused on meeting the standards and very little your life has been probably focused on this。

 So we're balancing the scales here。 I'm not suggesting some radical return to like you know a mud pit where we just like do nothing and like just like I'm not saying that。

 But given that like life is about self-improvement and moving forward and meeting expectations。

 But it's also about selfacceptance and paradoxically， when you accept yourself more。

 your energy expands， you get better results and you improve。😡。

So that's rounding you out for the areas that you were not taught now。

Imagine if this was taught to fucking every year in school， by the way。

 the way people would be coming across， I mean， could you imagine， but then again。

 how would that drive consumer society and so who knows now okay， next up？😡，Two people。

Let a word come up。 Still your mind。 Let the next word come up。 Still your mind。

 What this will teach you how to do is that when you're with a girl。

 you can just let the words come up as opposed to forcing it。 So remember we said power versus force。

 Let the words come up just by their own power。 No need to force it。

 So instead of practicing your grip tight muscles。 We're practicing a new set of muscles。

 You're letting go and releasing muscles。 grabbing group but two。 It's a nice quiet exercise。

 Do it for about a minute each try right now。 I want to do free tour。

 I've got to like really release。 Otherwise like trying to take a sheet and you're like。😡。

Like trying to get to come out your asshole clench。 So you got to like just let it out。 like get a。

 I can't be like， like that because it's all improvised。 So I've got to be like。

 just let it come to me。 So I literally just sit there and let it come。

 let it come to me the word The wish surprise me。 like Oh shit， that。

you came across and that was process。 It's like getting yourself into this tightspace where you don't step in your own way。

 I guess， right。What we'll do is we're going to put a social pressure on you now。

By basically getting you to talk about what you're learning， well。

 everybody else fucks you and fucking screams you。And I want you to use the tools that we learned here today。

 which are essentially designed to。Allow you to go through social pressure effortlessly。

 Let's put them to the tests。 Okay， so you guys see how the tools that we've learned here now are meant to help you。

 but we got to stress test them。 Okay， we got to test right now to see if you're where we need to be or if you're not。

 Okay， so we're going to do an initial stress test and see we do。

 So let's see right now a group of you。😡，Four， five。And one guy。

 you just sit there talking about what you're learning。 just free associate it let it out。

 Everybody else Fo of them。 Now， don't poke his eyeballs out。 Don't dump mustard on his $500 jacket。

 Just focus them， okay。😡，Tickle but not to the point if it's like past the point。

 but you know folk of them， yell at them and don't get mercy。

Mercy does not help because youll encounter bullshit out there so you gotta get tough love Don't go into abuse close don't don't you get the point here。

 So if I see guys like lift up in the air upside down。

 whatever I'm happy and don't want you to be like I learned this， I learned this， I learned this。

 I learned this and then cut over it So everybody's yelling at you， remember those frames。

 get in their head， share vulnerability for you associate all this stuff we're doing right It's all part of the group。

 they're screaming at you， who gives a shit， it's just adding energy， there's nothing to prove。

And then you'll slice right through it， okay， get into groups。4 to five guys， initial stress testing。

干快。looks so bad。そ。anyway，Social pressure comes at you and I want you to see what the worst of it could possibly be so again。

 we're stress testing the principles that we taught here today to see if you can handle crazy。

 crazy amounts of social pressure to the point where you're just gonna be like there's more coming at you than we'll ever come at you in real life it'll never be more than this I mean unless you really fucked up。

So。We'll do it now。 Okay， now we'll do about 30 seconds a piece， so we're going to have。

We bring each one to the center at some point， everybody's going to come in on them and just start fucking like screaming at them and shit。

 dising them， fucking with them， and then what you'll do is，Right after， give my hands。

G fucking props， say that was the bomb。 that was a shit to reinforce not to react to social pressure。

 Okay and as you're doing it when the people are fucking with you the major frame to keep is a collaboration frame So it's people fucking with you rather than getting alarm to disturbed view it like they're just providing energy for me because that's actually what's happening actually it is so we want to reasociate on a neurological level social pressure with this all for me。

 And then when we at the end that there it triggers your mind and say， heys just for me。

 it's just waking me up， I'm just sharing， there's no to to approve。

 it is what it is okay so what we'll do I want this is a large group。

 So I need everybody to just sort of take turns coming and doing it don't skip out on it it'll take about 10 minutes to run through this。

 It's gonna be a shit show for about 10 minutes so we got around 50 guys in the room。 it's about 10。

20 seconds of pop， that's maybe three guys a minute that'd be about 50 minutes make it about try to。

😡，That like 10 seconds， this like intense blast， you know。

 like just like that and then clap and the next guy， okay。Somebody's got What's that。

 got Where do you come from， by the way， Diego Where do you originally come from， Europe。

 I could tell you're like， we keep any time。 Yeah， by the way， do you see how he laugh at that。

 So now he's cool。 He's the time cool guy。 What if he's like。😊，Why do you say。

 why do you bring up the euro King， Why youve got to bring out mine in it right， Then it's like。

 okay， so again， that's the key。 Now， O， so。First guy in the middle will be you。You know why。

 because he's used to it。 Okay， so， okay， all right， Alfonso。

Rock ready to fucking everybody ready to rock。 Okay， all right， get right here。

 We're going to have the convergence， converge on them。😡，Full like fuck cute like that kind of shit。

10 seconds of blast clap and we're going to swap in the next guy， Okay， everybody ready。

 are you ready to get literally？Not that okay。がれ？Sorry，I'm down。Okay， are you ready， Okay。

 don't don't don't hurt harm anybody。 Just make it feel that way。 Okay， all right。

 but everybody's got to take the chance I can't keep track the size。 So just hop in， experience it。

 feel the pressure， Use the frames that we set to stress test them。 and then back out。 Got it。 Okay。

1，2，3， get them。🎼。🎼あ。🎼あ。