# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：11第十一周 任务9：11. Week 11 - Mission 9【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Good morning， welcome to your next mission I've been out all night。I'm fucking exhausted。

 my voice is blown out， but with a beautiful morning like this， how can we not resist。

 but to shoot this for you， weve got to do it or do it it right now the next mission So what is it today what I want you to think about is personality and identity and I want you to think about what your strongest overarching personality or overarching identity would be and the reason why this is important let me ask you a simple question if you want to understand this What if Lebron James。

We're to say fuck basketball， I'm going to knit some motherf crochet。

What if Martha Stewart said fucking knitting some other fucking crochet， I'm playing basketball。

 well would happen， would either of them be very successful？

Probably not right It's a funny you think about could be funny for comedy。

 Now what I would say to you is that you yourself have an underlying style or persona that you may have never thought about a niche if you will both of how you are as a dude。

 but also the type of women that you're gonna most frequently attract particularly at an elite level the most attractive women that you're gonna get There's a certain type that you're gonna get over and over。

 So let me give you an example of my type The two that I get the most often one very intelligent sophisticated classy girls who like to read use their minds and have vision Why is that because I see the hustle that I put in。

 they see the way I'm speaking of them and they're like damn， I can go out with a guy like this。

 I want him The other side that I get and this might surprise you is the more stripper archetype wild crazy maybe she's got tattoos。

Why is that because of that strong leadership by the pimp vi girl you've been misguided unde for far too long。

 you need management baby， hey， stop that shit， get the fuck over there， stop acting crazy。

 let's go right and I can play that role， I can play the role as a peer but I can also play the role not literally but figuratively as the pimp they're just too natural personalities that I have when I give this video I could be intellectual I could be like hey。

Listen up， it's the morning we're doing this shit， right。

 I can take either angle so that being the case， what am I while I live in Los Angeles， you know。

 I live in the Hollywood Hills。It's kind of like the playboy thing right running a business。

 having fun going crazy。 It's the Playboy vibe。 That's my vibe that's kind of my niche So girls know that're gonna have a really fun time they know they're with a great leader that's what I want them to feel from me I understand that So I understand that I want to have sometimes intellectual conversations with the girl but sometimes I just want to go fucking nuts go wild and say crazy things that are so outlandish they had no idea that that's coming Now for me about half of the girls that I sleep with come from the save night。

 one night stands and the other half are phone numbers well that's an interesting coincidence。

 half strip or type， save night， half phone numbers， the more intellectual types。

 although funny enough， I can actually meet girls and go home with girls or do a second date with girls either way but that's interesting Now I have a good buddy who I came up with funny enough he lives here in San Francisco and this guy almost never got one night' stance girls just didn't get wet in the panties shmp like that just wasn't his vibe he's very sweet very sensitive soul type guy a vegetarian really couldn't hurt to fly the girls could probably beat him up。

This guy had sex to 30，40 girls within his first year or two in success with women and some of them were very attractive。

 even though he's this very meek， shy kind of guy and his results went up and up from there。

 he's actually very popular here in San Francisco now So if he couldn't get you a same night lay if he couldn't get a one at stand。

Well what was the problem there， Hes just very meek， He didn't really bring that out of the girls。

 but what he did have was trust。 he's very trustworthy。

 he could really provoke a lot of trust out the girls and for that reason。

 his flake ratio was almost nothing almost every girl he might would be like oh well hang out yay and they come out And what he did was rather than trying to be Mr。

 tough guy， he just owned the fact that he was a sweet。

 sensitive nerd who was a vegetarian and hed bring them out to a vegetarian restaurant get some takeout and he'd bring them back to watching educational documentary and as they sat there eating their vegetarian food。

 watching their educational documentary， he would just learn what he got on the pickup community and he'd lean in。

 start kissing her and the next thing you know they're having sex a couple of times he had one night cents one time he had sex to girl right in a hotel not lobby but。

Like hallway。He's grind with a girl， fucking in the hallway， it can happen。

 so it doesn't mean it's either or， but it's just more frequent。I had a guy today at seminar。

Kind of an intense guy， kind of a controlling guy。I really like this guy a lot。

 but I got to admit he does give me kind of a controlling vibe sometime and he said to me。

 you know what？A lot of girls think have a controlling vibe。Kind of like Christian Gray。

And what I found was there's a certain archetype of girl that likes that， and when I bring that out。

 I do a lot better。It's really his natural vibe， that's him。So this week's exercise。

 our mission is to figure out what your vibe is， what is your personality because we're getting towards the end of these missions and I really want to get you into your strength zone。

 I want you to become who you are look even in business they say that you have the business owners like the entrepreneur you have the manager leader and you have an artist right the owner is the guy who maybe raises capital or takes big risks。

 He doesn't necessarily care about the business itself。

But you'll take a big risk in order to bring that business to life in the first place。

He's creating the systems， a manager leader is somebody who likes to maximize systems。

 he likes to enlist people to get those systems of the entrepreneur created really working well。

Optimizing them， the artist is somebody who them， they actually like doing the creative part。

 they like being in it， they like their elbows in the mud， they like the artistry of it。

This is from a book I believe it's called the Eth Revisited now it could be wrong， by the way。

 but I think that was it。Funny enough as an artist can you run a company Sure can you be a manager leader sure but you're out of what's called your strength zone so in success with women。

 what you really want to do is you want to find your strength zone like you know when we gave that business example。

 your career example， which one did you resonate with？Are you an artist， a manager leader。

 a more entrepreneur？When you decide this， it's not。Can you not be all three。

 Of course you can be all three。 I do all three myself。 but let's say that I was very stressed。

 Let's say I'm really tired。 What do I default to I got to tell you the truth。 I love making videos。

 man， I love public speaking when I'm tired， I'm like， you know， we'll fix this， do some videos。

 some public speaking。 is's artist to me。But I also have to manage a lead and I also start RC as a cofounder so I can do anything but I love being an artist in the same way I'd ask you。

 what do you go to when you're tired， what do you go to when you feel weak。

 wheres your strength stone？Not when you're pushing yourself into something new or expanding。

 but just your natural point。Are you very dominant？Are you kind of shy sweet？

Do you build really deep emotional connections with girls kind of an asshole is's just like a rock star make gets a girl wet and wants to fuck right there。

 but then other girls just never want to see you again。Which are you？

And there's many different personas that you could just think of。

 I want you to go deeper into yourself and I want you to ask yourself a couple questions。

 so here's what the questions are。First of all， what kind of clothing would you wear to be the ultimate version of that type of persona？

Number two， what venues would you go to？To meet the types of girls that would appreciate those types of guys right you know。

 if I'm a Hollywood playboy， I go to Chicago all swagged out in way they can't even understand I just like like wow prick may not connect okay I can still do I can still connect but you see the idea here right what are the areas where you're gonna crush it I have a buddy for example。

 he wears a giant diamond watch it's worth about 20 grand covered in diamonds？

His favorite venue is the Playboy mansion。Re least to go the best clubs in Vegas。

If he goes to like the saddle rannch with a $20，000 diamond watch。

 it looks like a fake $200 watch out of the back of the hip hop magazine as a joke as a replica。

 so he's out of his niche， he's got long hair。At the Playboy man， she looks like a fucking pimp boss。

At the saddlerench， she looks like you forgot to get a haircut you see him saying here right。

 maybe you're a hipster。Maybe your hippo type dude， maybe your casual type guide。

 and it doesn't mean that you can't go to these other venues， you can。

 I'm not limiting you rather I'm just getting you to focus on your strength zone in the same way I can do any function of a business。

But I know I'm going to do the best what I make my strength zone when you can match your strength zone your natural strengths of your personality。

And you connect with people from that level。The results you're going get are going to be insane。

 So let's try some exercises。 Here's what I want you to do。

 Here is your mission and I want you to immediately start contemplating this。

 I want to do some tests try going up being very shy and sweet and try to get a day too to see what happens。

😡，Then I want you to go out and try to be a wild fucking asshole。

 say that some of the most dickhead outlandish things that you can conceive of as an experiment。

And see what happens。 I want you to go out and try pushing and pulling。 I love you。 No。

 I hate you go away。 No， I think I do love you and see what happens。 try different personality types。

 What I also want you to do is look at the guys that are out that are almost like an ideal version of what you'd want to be in this week go get those clothes。

 Figure out where they go go to those places。And try this out。

 I also want you to align your Facebook or Instagram or social media with anything that shows that you have these traits of your personality。

 So that way， when you get a girl's number if you trade social media information from her。

 she can see it as well。 I also want you to think about places that you bring her that are in alignment with that lifestyle like my buddy he's got the vegetarian restaurant the documentary。

 I want you to think about that this week is about aligning your personality figuring out where your strength zone is it's not about limiting you but it's just about seeing where you can do the best and maximizing it like I said。

 try out different styles of game different personalities in a row observe what is around you and begin to become the ideal version of that guy and from there align your social media and places that you go and scenes that you go into in places where you can kick ass by niche yourself like this。

 you can get the nines and tens of that niche It's hard to get the nines and tens。

Out of every niche it can be done is harder， but by doing it this way。

 you'll find that you're doing it with ease。 Think about the scenes that you want to enter。

 integration， maximization and domination， your mission of who you are and discovering the ultimate version of yourself starts now。

