# 10、泰勒 《热座》：01.模块：07第七周 高阶原理：高阶原理（即第二个核心课）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

We're going to lay out five major principles that that you have to learn in order to succeed at game and life in general。

The first one is clarity of intent。 Sa that back to me。The second one is freedom from outcome。

 The third one is entitlement。 The fourth one is congruence。The fifth one is self amusement， okay。

Let's quickly break these down and then show how they apply。 Cl of intent， first one。

So what you have is you walk up to a girl。 You see that girl。 and part of you wants to have sex her。

 But part of you is afraid。 So you walk up and it's like。Hey。Versus if you walk up and you're like。

Hey。You see the difference， watch what most guys do。Okay。

So what's happening is you're getting a divergence in your clarity of intent。

 It's like the gas is on。 It's like gas， gas， gas， gas gas。

 And then that impulse control part of your brain kicks in and boom。

 It's almost like two different parts of your brain。

 One part of your brain is the part that says go for it。And the other part。

It's the part that's trying to fucking save you。 Now， that's a good thing that you have that。

 because what it means is that you are able to not rob banks or just go like。

 start beating people's heads in to take their shit。 So， you know。

 say that somebody has something that you want。 And you're like。

 I'm gonna go beat his head in and take a shit。 Oh， wait a minute。 Ba idea。😡。

There's a lot of cash in that bank， great。Give me the cat。 Oh， no。So that's good。

 People that don't have that go to jail。 So let's count yourself lucky。

 Let's count yourself fucking lucky。😡，That you're not one of those guys， okay？

Let's count yourself fucking lucky。But I want you to think of it from moving towards intense and moving away from intense。

 So moving towards intense， what it is is that you have things like。

 I want to have sex with the girl。I want to expand the party。 I want to chat。 I want to screen。

I want to have fun。 Let me break down a couple of those。 The majority of guys。

 when they see women and they cat call them， don't actually want to have sex with those girls。

 What they're doing is they're just like， hey， mom， yeah， you're a hot girl。 like， you know。

 stuff like that。😊，That doesn't mean that you really want to have sex that girl。

 What that means is that you're kind of like just thinking that you do。

 but really you just want to whack off her pictures or something like that， right So you know。

 when you see， you know， you're looking like some porn or jerk off to online。

re sitting there on your laptop， you got your hand cream out and you're like。

 where's the hottest girl to whack off to you right that's a very clear intent。 But most of the time。

 if a gorgeous girl walks in here， say Megan Fox in your prime walks in here。

 what wind up happening is she comes in here。And you're going to feel this myriad of different intents。

 Part of you wants to have sex there。 But the other part of you doesn't want to get embarrassed。

 It wants。 It wants her validation and her approval。

 But you're not really thinking about sex that much。

You don't want another guy to get mad at you and attack you。And overall。

 you are feeling like in your emotional homeostasis。

 like where you're normally at emotionally and you're afraid that you're gonna to feel bad。

 That's generally how this pans out。 So the way that I want you to think about it is such that。

When you're seeing the girl， if you actually wanted to have sex with her。

 probably she'd find that attractive， but it's very rare that a man can walk up on a girl and actually want to have sex。

 It's very rare。I will only feel that way about a girl a couple times a month where I'm just like。

 wow， and I just walk up and I'm just aroused。 that happens maybe a couple times a month。

 It's very rare。 And you know， it's funny。 The few times a month that happens。

 it tends to work out very well。 ever notice that guys， when you're genuinely attracted to a girl。

 And there's no ego in it and validation in it and it's just a very pure attraction。

 The girl feels that。 and she likes it。 So that's great right So you know。

 sometimes my intent will be so strong。 I walk up to girl。 And she's like。

 I feel like we're already having sex or something。 Like you know， and they feel that。

 So that can happen with just a clear sexual intent。 That's not the only type of intent， though。

 A lot of guys think that the word intent。Just me， oh， you wanna fuck the girl。

Intent can also mean you want to go up and chat。 One of the best ways of getting laid that you could ever have is a sincere desire to have a nice。

 friendly chat。Sound funny。Tri walking up to a girl just chatting her without fear of rejection， ego。

 desire for validation。 And you're really just chatting to have a great time。 You want what happens。

 The girl has so much fun。 She wants to hang out again。😊，How about just to expand the party。

' with your boys， you're laughing， you're having fun， and you just want to bring her on the party。

Same thing。 girls fucking love it。 They want a party。 The girls are already aroused。

 They already want to have sex。 They wind up coming home with you。😡，Boom。

 you want up having sex back at home。 You don't need her to want to have sexy right at the club。

 just being friendly with a girl and then having her being willing to be in isolation with you by the time that she's alone with you。

 she's aroused naturally because girls are naturally horny anyway， And then they want to have sex。

 Another one is screening her like， wow， you know what she's attractive。

 I don't know what her personal is like。 And you walk up。 and you're engaging with her。

 but you're kind of not sure。 And then a lot of times girls start jumping through your hoops to see if they can meet your expectations。

 A lot of women， they really go for guys that do that。

 So those are great examples of moving towards intense sex conversation expanding the party or screening。

 The intents that you want to avoid are。Neediness for sex。Validation chasing。Fear of rejection。

Fear of judgment from the environment。 fearear of being attacked by some guy。😰。

Wanting people to think you're cool， these are the intents that you don't want。

 So you want to get clear in what your intent is。 And the clearer that you get。

 the better that you're going to do。 And its the coolest thing in the world。

The next one is freedom from outcome。 What freedom from outcome means is that basically you're already feeling great in your own body and you don't need anything from her。

That's a wonderful， wonderful thing when you can do that。

So freedom from outcome is very powerful because what's going on is that you're just sitting there and you're just。

Cool， you know， you're just fucking cool。 That's it。 Being free from outcome。

Means that you can just be yourself。It's a paradox because on one level。

 you have a very powerful intent。But on another level， you're cool with whatever happens。

 So what happens is that you feel a joy in the action itself。 In public speaking， what'll happen is。

😊，As I'm talking to you。I want to feel each word。Every word that I'm saying。

I feel a nice feeling in my body resonating from head to toe， hey。😊，Hey。A。Ay。Y。How are you doing？

Nice to meet you。 My name is Owen。How are you doing？What's happening is I'm free from outcome。

 that moment。That's the joy。It's grounded in its owed energy now， hey。

That doesn't mean you talk like this。 That be weird。But when you're speaking。

 every word is just nice。 So as I'm up in front of a crowd， I have no idea how much time has passed。

When I'm at a venue or a nightclub or a bar， and I'm talking to girls。

 I have no idea how much time has passed。 I could take guesses， but I don't really know。

So that's a beautiful thing， because when you're coming from that frame。

People can feel from you that you're that guy that doesn't need anything。

 There's a freedom from outcome， and it adds a genuineness。

 a groundedness to the energy that you're putting out， congruence。

Congruence means that while you do this， there's an alignment in your thoughts words and actions。

Congruence is that your thoughts， words and actions are aligned。

You want to train yourself to act how you feel。😡，When girls are blowing you off。

 it's not typically what you think it is that you're not a high value enough guy or attractive enough guy。

 They may not have sex with you for that reason。 but if you're having an entire night where you're going out and girls are blowing you off。

 the number one reason that's happening is a lack of congruence。It is not a lack of value， typically。

In most environments， there's exceptions。 It's typically a lack of congruence。

 You can see the ugliest， most out of shape， Foly dudes with no game at all walking up to gorgeous studying women。

 And as long as they're congruent， The girls will talk to them。 The girls like， oh。

 he's cool and they'll talk to him。 because girls are just regular people， too。

 So girls will talk to you when you're congruent。 So you want to have a very real effort on being congruent。

 not putting on a front。 But this is paradoxical， because on the other hand。

 you want to learn how to pimp it。You do want to learn new skills and ways to use your energy and conversation and humor and dominance in ways that you're not acclimated to。

 So a lot of success with women is trying new things that are incongruent until they become congruent and then making them congruent。

 So it's kind of funny how it works。 It's like， it's this gradual process of， you know。

 maybe it wouldn't be congruent for you to go， you。😊，What's your name。

 That would be incongruent first。 You try it， You kind of push it like that。

 And then later it becomes congruent。 So it's very cool。😊。

The next one that I want to say is self amusement。 And self amusement is very powerful。

 It's actually， it's really a Zen concept。 It's the idea that you can entertain yourself without needing anything from anybody else。

 I want you to be at a point where you can entertain yourself more than a movie could entertain you more than even sex could entertain you。

 You're able to laugh。 half fun and feel joy more on your own。😊。

Thathan needing anything from anybody else。 And what that does is it makes you the center of the energy。

 So you've got to get very good at grooming your own state， handling your own emotions。Basically。

 being at the cause and not the effect of your emotions。

 You can read a great book called the Kabalian about that。 And it's an older book。

 And it's a bit of a weird book。 But if you can sort of manage your way through the weirdness of it。

 the basic idea of it is that you are at the cause of your own emotions， not at the effect。 Okay。

 and you particularly the later half of it。 first half a little bit hard to follow against a better and later half。

 yeah。K， Y， B， A， L， I O N or maybe 2 Ls。 I'm not sure's by the three initiates。

 And this you can do an audio book。 It's about four hours。 And that's a very powerful concept there。

 So you can check it out there。 I kind of came up with this amount from the field。

 And then you you kind of stumble on these books that sort of say the same thing。

 And it's really exciting when that happens。 What I like about it is just the idea that you're at the cause and not the effect of your own emotions。

 And how when you're in a certain vibration and a higher vibration。

 you tend to attract that which you are like。 I think that's a very powerful concept。

 It can get taken a little too far in self development to the point where。😊。

People might suggest not even taking any action and just pumping your vibration everything you want a life is gonna come at you。

 I wouldn't take it that far。 I think there's a component of massive action strategizing selfeduc。

 But I think when those are combined with getting into a higher vibration cause the effect。

 the the effect is so powerful。 It's unbelievable。 So I take a balanced perspective in that。

 I don't go with extreme philosophies， But I can take something from each philosophy and apply to my own life and share it with you here。

 And I suggest you do the same thing。 now。😊，Next up， self amusement， when balanced with congruence。

 I want you to think of it like this。 The congruence is the grounded。

 It's like groundedness and congruence versus like expansive energy and self amusement。

Try to follow this。 This is a very powerful concept。 So this is the groundedness here。

And that's the expanseive energy。 So if I feel that I'm not in a very funny or good state。

 I'm highly aware of it， and I contract my energy。So if I'm kind of like quiet that day。I'll be like。

 hey， what's up。Nice to meet you。Cool， because if I'm in a quiet state like that， and I'm like， hey。

Nice to meet you。 Like that。 It doesn't work， right。So it's an incongruence。 So on sub nights。

 I go out， and I will say the craziest most outlandish things you've ever seen。

 You can see videos of me where I just start like poking up my eye。 I did this the other disk。

 first time I did。 I was did you see me at free toururing。 And you guys where I was going like that。

😊，Well， if I do that right now， So my energy in that moment was very expansive。 So if I'm like， e。

 like that， it'd be a little odd， right。So I know right where I'm at and what would be the appropriate expansion in my energy。

 So if my energy is getting really big like like， let's see， like， let's look at me。

 like you see that， you see， you see there， It's like if you try to push it too far。

 you get incongruent。 And imagine you have some speaker up here。 And he's like， so zingy， zingy。

 right。I don't know。 Does that James Brown， I don't know that was。 So if he's doing that。

 you're like， who the fuck is this guy， right， At the same time， if I'm trying to look。

 if I even try to be too chill， I'm like。Hey guys。Life's about chilly。 right， You're like。

 who the fuck is this guy。 So what I'm doing is I'm going into my body。

 and my energy will expand to the extent that is proportional to the congruence and groundrowediness。

 guys that are great with women are able to be clear in their intent。😊。

Without a division in their intent， they're able to be very much in the moment at enjoying every moment without needing anything。

 But yet， while taking massive action。 So in a practical term。

 you should be able to walk up the street with a girl。

 You should be able to chase a girl up the street， Walk with her， be walking in front of her。

 You're taking massive action to make it happen。😊，When she says， oh， you know。

 I might be going here or going there， you might be spiking her emotions and hitting her with funny suggestions about where to go massive fucking action。

 massive outside the box thinking。 And yet even as you're doing it。

 you don't care whether it works or not and you're completely free from the outcome because guys get caught up in one of the other right they're like taking massive action。

 there's running up on everybody like maniacs。 but the girls can sense that they they're try hard。

 Other guys are like， oh I couldn't chase her down。 I'm non-ney。

 She's gonna think it's so sexy how non-ney I am。 Meanwhile。

 the girls just walking off like dirt dirt， she doesn't think anything of you。

 So there was no value in just backing off。 it actually would been better to keep going。

 So I want you to hit that sweet spot of crazy， powerful intent being a crafty， intelligent。

 strategic closer。😡，Who knows how to seed a poll， knows how to establish a date that won't flake。

 I want you to know that stuff。 I want you to know how to lead it into isolation and clothes and to do this consistently to be a crafty。

 hard closure。 But at the same time， I want you to do this with nonneiness 1000%。😡。

Guys that are great in success of women。 Their minds are structured in such a way where they're clear in their intent。

 non needy。Congruent expansive energy when they need to。 But at the same time。

 if their energy is not expansive that day， they can pull it in and still do pickup from a very chill standpoint。

 And the last one。 And here's the key to it all， is entitlement。What entitlement means。

 And you could also call that just worthiness or self love or deserveingness。

 It's not like you're entitled like like a snotty little kid。 Like， I'm entitled。

To shit thats not mine or to touch someone that I shouldn't touch。 It's not that at all ever， ever。

 But rather what it is is its， it's the ability to walk up on a woman and do those first four things without it being a big deal。

😡，It's the ability to walk up to a studying woman and not be thinking ahead。 Remember。

 we talked about freedom from outcome。 You're not thinking ahead。

 Most guys walk up and they're teeing up shit to say， trying to put out fires。You know。

 like like she's like， I went to Italy， you're like， I went to Italy。Do you want to hear right。

 will you stay another six seconds if I tell you that， you know， so it' that you stay in your center？

But the ability to walk up and see， because most guys， when they see a beautiful woman。

 they're afraid to take up time and space。They can't congruently say， hey， come here。

They can't walk up to a studying girl like， hey， come here。What's your name。

 They can't do that from a standpoint of clearing what they're doing No。

 but yet no outcome at all congruent and self ause。 They can't do it。 What happens is it breaks down。

 right， like self auseement， for example， the best way to describe it to you is most guys what they're doing is they're going。

 funny joke。 If the girl laughs。That pumps them up。And then they get validated。 You guys catch that。

So they what they're doing is they go funny。 if the girl laughs， yay， for me。Funny girl asks， yay。

 for me。Self amusement is。What I think is funny。 And then by the law of emotional state transference。

 she feels how funny you think it is。 This is so critical because if you fail to do this。

 what's gonna happen is at some point， she's not gonna laugh。 At some point。

 she's not gonna be receptive。 And she's gonna a sense that you're chasing her approval for your reality。

 You're not drawing her into your reality。 You're trying to get into her reality。 You're not。

 you're not creating your own party。That she didn' want to be part of。

 You're trying to get in her party。 Do you guys see how huge that is， by the way。

 Ask yourself an honest question。 How often are you trying to get in the girls's fucking party rather than being in your own party。

 creating your own fucking vibe and drawing her into that reality。

 So you always want to be creating a peer group， lifestyle and general way of being emotionally and externally where the girl is being drawn into it rather than you trying to get into her party。

 which she instinctively senses as fucked up。 So even though you're the one approaching and you're initiating。

 essentially， you're drawing her in。 Really， that's what you're doing。

 And any time that you deviate outside of that， it's going to be very hard to get that girl。 Now。

 when you have these five principles on point， you are lethal， you are dangerous。

 you are effective it is disgustingly results producing。😡。

It is disgusting the types of results that you get when you're coming at a girl right in the sweet spot of that energy。

 It's essentially a sweet spot of that type of energy from there。

 what you're doing is adding some social calibration into the mix。

 being aware when she's comfortable and when she's not， which by the way， when you do this。

 they' gonna to be very comfortable。 But you want to just be aware where she's at。

 and that's just simple social winner。 You know if you tap or does she tap you back。

 If you crack some jokes， is she enjoying it， Are her eyes big。 Is she looking deep in your eyes。

 Is she receptive。 If the girl's un receptive， Nice meeting you and you back off。

 I am huge on apologizing。And backing off， backing off and apologizing is a vital component of my success with women because essentially what's going to happen is you're going to walk up and you're going create traction with the girl and at some point maybe you go to take her hand and she gets even even 1% uncomfortable and you oh sorry anyway。

 and then you keep being you。😡，Later， you go to take her hand and she likes it because you showed her that you're aware of her space。

😡，And by showing the girl that you're aware of her space， she will compliment you。

 She will call you sexy。 She'll go， you're so cute。

 Just keep talking to me or she'll say you're gonna meet another great girl tonight when they see that you're aware。

 So while I'm being assertive in taking massive action。 I'm the first to back off。 Okay。

 you guys ever heard expressions like no means no and things like that。That's not enough。😡。

You ever heard of even the idea of affirmative yes。

 like wait for the girl to say yes before you have sex， that's not even enough。😡。

It shouldn't even have It shouldn't even come to a point where that would ever even come up because that would even indicate that she's uncomfortable。

 The girl should never be uncomfortable with what you're doing。

The second that a little bit of discomfort comes up， you're apologizing。 you're backing off。

 So what we teach you in RSD is not just how to be assertive and go out there and take massive action。

 but it to be extremely respectful of another person's ecosystem and what they're experiencing what their subjective experience of you is like And the second that it goes negative in any way shape or form。

 you back off Now when you back off， you can back off and keep joking with her。

 And maybe you see her eyes light up and she's enjoying it。 And then maybe at that point。

 you can keep talking。 You know， you can do stuff like that。

 But you're always aware of where she's at。 And by the way， that， again。

 will make you so great at meeting women because they sense that you're aware of them。

 And because they sense that you're aware of them， there's no downside。

 What is women's main reason that they don't like getting approached by guys。

 Most women really don't like getting approached by guys。

 Do you want know why because from a woman's perspective as soon as a guy。

Talks to her if she's receptive at all。 Most dudes are so un and socially aware that they。

 they literally won't stop pestering her。 They'll start groping her。 They'll start grabbing at her。

 They won't leave。 And then if if she gives him her number。

 he'll start texting her and blowing up her fucking texting and harassing her。😡。

Rather than doing that， instead， what you do is just talk to lots of people。

 And when you sense that it's a little bit off by slight fluctuation in her eyes。

 there's a light that you should be able to recognize in a woman's eyes and feel as a man。

 And as soon as that goes out， even a little bit， you're off。If you go to take her hands。

 does she squeeze back if she doesn't， you're off。And you just keep apologizing， sorry。

 but you could just keep joking and if she keeps enjoying it， you just take your time for a girl。

 she might not be feeling a makeout with a guy that she just met。

 but she may enjoy chatting with you， so say that you go to kiss and she's not wanteding to kiss right now。

 it doesn't mean you have to be like， oh I' like go right away。😡，All that she'd be like。

 what the fuck's wrong you。 I'm talking to you。 I just't want to make out with you right now。 know。

 So what you do is you just keep talking and joking around。

 And then maybe later you put your arm on say you want to come And you do that all the way right to the end Even in sex。

 by the way。 I want to point this out。 even in sex。 I find that when you do this properly。

 The result you're gonna get is that the girl will ask you to have sex。

 what I love about being in bed the girl is you can just sit there so free from outcome。

 but still that male presence and just enjoying the conversation。 it's great about chatting in bed。

 there's no distractions there you can really just get to know each other。

 You chat in bed and make your personality completely vulnerable。

 I think that's the most powerful thing with the girl。

 The most seductive thing you could ever do is just be yourself。 talk about your hopes， your dreams。

 your thoughts insecurities everything just like completely just be yourself。

 And what the girls doing is she's downloading that。

 You'll see her eyes light up and she's downloading it。 She's like， who is this guy。 What's about。

 And then she'll start telling you things when it goes about to sleep with you。

 a lot of they'll do is pull their cell phone they'll start showing their family。 They'll start。

T what their lifes about。 And they're curious if you think they're cool。

 And if you genuinely do think they're cool and they think you're cool， then you have chemistry。

 And then usually by that point， she's gonna1 half sex。

 and it's going to just be the most natural thing in the world。 So this is basically where。😊。

You're creating a life that you're offering a lot of value to your environment。

 you're a very powerful man。 and yet there's not anything being taken or negative。

 okay it's just pure offering value And you want to be the kind of guy that women and people in general really value。

 Does that not mean that the odd girl that's just highly negative or wound up or uptight might not enjoy your company or you hooked up with some girl and then she's emotionally volatile And then later。

 even though she loved it at that time and later she's like I hate you know something like that because if you guys ever had a break up or your girlfriend has hated you after。

😡，Sure， right， people can just be emotionally volatile。

 It doesn't mean that that will never ever happen， a lot of Xes dislike each other stuff like that。

 that can happen。 But in general， I'm friends with all my ex'es。 I'm friends with， you know。

 girls that I met out， I'm friends with them。 It's just positive， positive， positive， positive。

 I want you to think of it like the town square。 You're just out talking with people。

 Everybody's having fun。 and it's a great vibe。 Imagine the world before these godd cell phones all this before people were uptight and before people looked at movies and stimulus in order to provide stimulation Imagine a world like a couple hundred years ago where everybody in the village knew each other and just enjoyed each other's company。

 That's how I think about success with women。 You should be going home feeling energized。

 like you just bonded with your village。 as opposed to going home being like that was hard。

 The people there are negative。😊，I love that。 the people there are shit。

The people there are low quality and negative。Which is just preposterous。

 right who's the negative one at that point？😡，You know。

 who's the negative one judging everybody else。 Why not see the positive。 So， you know。

 it doesn't mean that you have to like worship somebody or somebody put them on a pedestal。

 Why don't you see the positive， though。 So that's the underlying frame that you should be coming from。

 So what I want to do now， is we' back this up with some hidden camera videos。

 And I want to show you how this plays in as far as。😊，These principles in action。

 And what I'm going to do is I'm going show you clips that are not so good。 But you know， it's funny。

 They're not bad either。 They're just not that great。

 And I think you will relate to that because any of you guys relate to examples where you went and you interacted。

 and it was okay。 But it just doesn't quite go anywhere。 Whoever here has feels that a lot of time。

 Very common， right， So I'd like to show that first。

 And then I'll show ones that are a little bit better。And then I'll show one a little bit better。

 And then I'll show you ones where I'm really in that nice sweet spot。

 And I love to start with silent clips。 And I do that， because。😊。

What most guys do is they're always trying to hear the words。 They want。

 they always want to hear the fucking word。 What's the words。 What's the words。 What's the words。

 What's the words。 So what I want to do here is I want to show it to you without the words。

 And I want you to be looking at my energy， my body language the relating between me and the girl and the overall demeanor of that。

 so I want you to take these core principles and just see how that is kind of playing into these interactions。

 And I'm going to ask you you know how it looks。 and then we'll show a better one and a better one and a better one So you can see the difference。

 I think this is very important。 I love teaching this way。

 because now we've seen the five main principles。 And then what we're doing is we're seeing it in action energetically and in the body language and we'll show you the kind of ones that are not so great like more like a6 out of 10 all the way up to what you might call a 10 out of 10。

 and then you can see the range of it and that way you can apply this to your own pickup。

 This is the type of pickup that in my mind， is like what every guy is doing。😡，That's not effective。

And that is an approach。It's good。But yet it's just not quite where it needs to be。So let's watch。

 And I'm going to ask you what's good and bad about it。Okay， so I walked up。 The girl is。

 what's good about how she's respondwning， okay。She's a beautiful girl。 She does modeling work。

 She's actually telling me about it in the conversation。 She's flipping her hair。 She's smiling。

 She's looking deep in eyes。 That's good。😊，What's funny is that when we talk about entitlement。

You've got to believe that this is actually fucking happening。😡。

It's called the art of All or the art of receiving This girl here is actually giving me great energy。

 but I am failing to receive it。 Many of you guys are going up on incredible women and they're completely into you and you can't just fucking allow it。

 It's the most incredible thing Like you walk up to a girl。

 you're chatting and you're trying to fill in every little silent gap in the conversation。

 and you're putting all the pressure on yourself。 You're never letting any conversational vacuums happen。

😡，Because you don't feel entitled to her。 The funny thing is， this girl here。

 Let me ask you a question。 Is she showing enough attraction to me。

Where we could actually wind up having sex。 She actually is。 Now， some guys will be like， no。

 but they're over analyzing this。 Most of the time。

 if a girl's just smiling and receptive in general。

 there's a chance you and her could wind up sleeping together， dating。

 becoming boyfriend girlfriend or whatever。But who's the person here that's not letting it happen。

 Who's blocking it。 I'm the one blocking it is crazy how that works。 So in this case here。

 what I've got to do is just accept it。 And I'm failing to do that。 Now。

 I'm want to imagine if I were to touch her， Would it be natural for me to touch her at this point or would it be almost like。

 I'm too afraid to touch her。Yeah， does that mean that you have to always touch your girl and pick up or to be grabvy。

 Absolutely not。 You can do pickups where you're proactively not touching her。

 You can even make or chase you。 works like a charm。

But am I being hard to get in this case or am I just afraid to touch？😡，Okay。

 now the girl has been so cool to me。 And yet， I'm sitting here。😊，Stifled。Second， guessing it。

But at the same time， what is good about this approach。

 What's the first and foremost thing that is good about this approach。

 I want to train you on this mentality because it's vital。

I approached every approach that you do is 100 out of 10 because you did it。

 I want you to imagine that you had two kids。 One was disabled， and the other was perfectly healthy。

You love them both equally。 Why they come from you。 They're your children。

 You gotta love your retarded approaches。If you do a retarded approach。

 you've got to love it just as much， it came from you， it's building momentum， you love it equally。

Why is it 100 out of 10， because it is building momentum。

 It's a reference experience that most guys would never get。 and most of all， say this with me。

 who the fuck。😡，啊。Would have the balls to do that。 sayy it with me。

 Who the fuck would have the balls to do that。 Okay， now。

 the reason why we condition ourselves on this is because any time that you do an approach if you view it as awesome now。

 all of a sudden， your mood is going up。 If you get selfcrit and you're bashing yourself on every approach。

 your mood will consistently be low， you'll never get into state and it will be shit。

 So I want you conditioning yourself continually on the idea that every approach that you did is fucking awesome because who the fuck would have the balls to do that。

 and I want you always finding something funny about it and happy about it。😡。

So that was what was good about that。 Now， let me ask you this though what was bad about it。It was。

 I cleared my intent。 No， the gas and the brake were on at the same time。 Was it subtle or obvious。

To you guys in this for a while， it's obvious to somebody new looking at this， it's subtle。

 somebody who doesn't have a good nuanced eye for pickup or game。

 They would look at that and think it was an epic approach。

To somebody who's a new guy in pickup who's overly critical。

 they'd say it's a shit approach because they're just like trying to say everything sucks to feel good about themselves。

😡，To a guy with a nuanced eye， it's a good approach because I went in。I built some momentum。

It was cool。There's a chance she could call back。 but overall， I'm still not clear of my intent。

 I still have too much of an agenda， too much of an outcome。I'm not congruent。I'm not self amused。

 I'm still wanting her to laugh。Adam not entitled or worthy of a girl like that。

 So we're looking at it through those channels and seeing where I'm falling out。

 At least I'm socially calibrating with her。 But at the same time。

I'm over calibrating because I'm just a suit， I'm just reading it too much。

 and I'm making her too much to center my world。 So let's look at the next one。

 and we'll just see it go a little bit better。 Allright， so this one here。😊，Okay。

 a couple things about it。 What What are the first things that you notice as being a little bit better about this one than the last one。

 Okay， so the first thing most people say is that she's leaning into me， which is great。

 And also we're a little bit closer in。 I agree with that。

 although I will say that because it's a tighter club environment， that's kind of the default。

 isn't it。😊，To an extent， this is a better pickup in that I'm closer and she's investing more。

 But at the same time， it's a little bit stacked because in an open area。

 you're not as likely to get close to there where it's in the closed area It's kind of like its force。

 which plays in your advantage。 We're in here。 There's a natural chemistry。 But notice here。

 Am I clearer in my intent。 What's my intent here。 We said sexual， chatty。

 expand the party or screening。 Which one would you say this is。

This is probably more towards chatting and screening with a bit of self- amusement and a bit of sexuality。

 little touch of sexuality， little touch of expanding the party， but if you look at my face。

 I'm kind of screaming right， I have that kind of blank look like I'm considering what she's saying。

😡，Most guys will never even have that look of considering what the girls saying。

 And they're just like little thirsty puppy dogs。 Whatever you do is amazing。

 Whatever you do is amazing。 Oh my God， right， And they never hit that point where they're screening。

 So the girls feel when you're genuinely screening。 And so in your mind。

 you almost have to imagine you're like a world famous DJ who can go home with any girl that night And you're not sure which one it is。

 I hate using the term fake until you make it。 But rather the way that I would say it is like fake till you make it or better yet。

 create such an amazing life that you really are screening and get so good the girls that you really are screening。

 Okay， it would be the best way I put it to。 So。😊，I'm leaning in with her， reviving。

 She's leaning at me。 So like， look at my face there。 Do you see me kind of screening her here。

I'm considering what she's saying。And right as she says something I like， I laugh。 And then I'm like。

 you're so funny。 I'm like， what's in her here。 And then I went up looking under her shirt。

 I'm looking at her asbs， I' just kind of giving her some attention。 And then I pick her up。 Now。

 she's giving me what's here's called a dog tap。 A dog tap is where the girl is trying to signal to surrounding men that it's not sexual。

 And， I'll thank you。 And I was very， very surprised。😊。

That I was getting that reaction because she had the big bambi eyes。

She seemed excited by the conversation。 So usually you're not going to get a dog tap。

 But what happened was it was the guy who was right there。

Does that mean that I have to stop right then in there。 No， I can keep going。

 I just have to be aware of the guy's presence and continue。

 So that set there intent I that a bit more clear than last time。 How about my freedom from outcome。

 was a little bit more free， Okay， was I a little bit more congruent in that one。

 Was I a little bit more self amused in that one， Was I a little bit more entitled in that one。 Okay。

 so you see the idea of how this is breaking down。 That's why we watched these first few clips just on song。

 Just the first couple。 just to get an idea。Of what's happening from an energetic standpoint。

 I want you to be able to look at people across the room and have a clear idea of what's going on with them。

 It's very critical。 This one here has always been a crowd favorite。😊。

Because it's kind of like how every guy wishes to pick up would happen because it's just so point A to point B。

 They're not all gonna look as smooth as this， but it's fun when they。

 as fun when they are and just enjoy it。 They will， they will be smooth like this occasionally。

 So I'm saying to this girl， don't get in a taxi come with me instead。

 And she's kind of looking in there。 She's kind of weighing her options。 She's looking at me。

 She's like， do you want to share the ride。 I'm like， no， I want you just to come with me。😊，Now。

This is again， the art of allowing。😡，Okay， because basically， when this is happening。

 you've got to accept it as though it is normal。 Now， I want you to notice。A couple things here。

As this happens。To be honest with you， a part of me is fucking stunned。 I'm like， really， I'm like。

 that hole， don't get in the cap thing。 Actually fucking worked。😡，But it occasionally does。 And。

 you know， that's why it's worth to try。 So notice here as she's coming out。

 And I'm going to show you something very important。 So I'm smooth。 got the hand there。

And Im want to wash her eyes here。 Okay， so watch the direction of her face。

 Look at her eyes looking deep in my eyes。What that is， is， in my mind。

 the number one indicator of interest is deep penetrating look into your pupils from the girl。

 So you know， guys might， you know， kind of in a funny way。

 look at a girl's tiies and ass to sort of like give her a sidelong glance to see what we think。😊。

A woman's version that is lucky for women。 You know。

' sometimes gonna to be a man So gonna to be a woman。 In this case。

 it's kind of good to be a woman because a woman's version of a sidelong glance is looking deep into a man's eyes。

 kind of unfair as a man Like you know， as a man， you want to check your girl looking like some kind of some kind of cave man like you know。

 bruish barbarian looking at her tities and as， oh， you notted in a man， And meanwhile。

 the girl's version I'm just looking at his eyes， what's wrong with that， what's the harm。

 But the truth is， I can see a girl with her boyfriend as I walk by。

 And if she's looking deep in my eyes， I can say， come here。

 and she'll usually just jump off her guy and come right over to me。 you know。

 So in the same way that if a girl see you checking her out as a man。

 if you see a girl looking deep in your eyes as you're walking by。

 you can actually do kind of an arc around a girl。 if she's in her group and just look at her eyes。

 And if you catch a deep penetrating in your eye， you can say， it she'll last over here now。

 And usually'll break off the group and they run right over。So this girl here is， is， you know。

 and you can't see it if it's censored。 But the idea is that she's looking deep， deep。

 deep in my eyes。 And if I press play here， watch the slow breakdown of this。 It's very key。

 She's already looking deep。 I know you're looking at the tities there。But okay。

But watch this and look how deep she's looking in here。😡，And I know it's hard， but just keep looking。

😡，So Im right pressed up closer there。That there is a lot of close space。

 When you see that a girl is completely at ease to be right up close to you and look deep in your eyes。

 that is a sense that she is receptive。Because I promise you when you walk up to a girl。

If she's uncomfortable， she's not going to have this big， fat smile looking deep in your eyes。

Like this， because that's indicating to you to proceed。 Now， of course， as a guy， always be aware。

 you know， there could be exceptions to the rule。 So don't take that as dog and be like。

 she looked to my eyes。 I'm not telling you to do that。 do not do that ever。

 And if you accidentally do， apologize immediately let her know that you're gonna back the fuck off and get out of there。

 But at the same time， what you're gonna notice is that when a girl is just looking deep in your eyes like that。

 Well， watch what happens。😡，That's nice， kind of like a standing up sex position in a spin。😊。

And now I'm saying little jokes about how I want to take her beyond the building。

 literally just as a joke。 And what is she doing， Bo pointing to take her there。

 because she thinks it's funny。 We're already in a sexual style embrace as she smilingly and laughingly points to go over there now。

😊，This will happen a lot when you're out。 Okay， I had a student last night who made out with a girl right off the open。

 Is he back there or so。Oh， he went out。 Okay， well， basically。

 what happened was he walks up to a girl。 and I say， just kiss her。

 and he was stunned because I just say kiss her and immediately instant make。

 not even a word out of his mouth。 I just walk， I see the girl walking near him。

 She's looking deep in his eyes。 So I say。Hey， do you want to kiss my friend。 And she's like， okay。

 And this guy's brand new to doing pickup。 And they just start making out。 And he's like。

 like he's like fucking triping out。 his fucking brain fries。 Then he just lets her run away。

 And I'm like， why do you let her run away。 He's like， I don't know like this， right。😡。

So I say to him， talk to her friend and have her friend bring you to her。

 He has her friend bring her to her， starts making out。

 and it gets let's just say it gets to situation that typically would be reserved for indoors right on the street if you catch what I'm saying here because she indicated to him that she wants to do that。

 And so it happens is now we have a situation that normally would only happen indoors much打死 hell。

大我我的微信是7007568 happens because the girl just fucking likes you。 And when is happening。

 the key is don't question it。 So does every pickup result in me walking up to a gorgeous girl like this and being like Cam and she's like straddling me and want to go beyond the building with me。

 No， But what have I told you guys to do here。 remember I said earlier just give me 24 months and just going out and approaching lots of women when you go out a lot stuff like this inevitably will happen from time to time。

 And when it does don't panic， don't be like， I've write it for。20 years。And fuck it up。

 All you gotta do is just be cool about it and calmly lead it。

 You don't think there's like a little kid in me that's going， oh my God。😡，No fucking way， you know。

 right， Like Christmas morning。 Of course， I've never lost that little kid side of me that can enjoy the moment and enjoy a woman being receptive。

 I love it。 But as a man， you just play it cool， Nothing's a big deal。 So now watch as me kind of go。

 She's pointing。 right， So is that some good consent and receptivity。😊，Pointing and saying。

 take me over there。 That's good， right， That's good。

 So she's saying that now I'm walking her over here。 And what you're going to see is。

I pressed her up against the wall because I'm too tired to keep carrying her。

 and I don't want to look like a pussy。 So I don't want to say I'm too tired。

 I can't carry you because I look like a weakling。 And she's like saying to me。

 she's telling me to get kinky with her。 She's telling me to do all this like nasty so with her。

 And I'm like sure。 And I' I'm ob to do it because she just thinks it's fucking kinky。 So now here。

 I'm pulling her in。 She's smiling。 She's receptive。 And what's funny is notice how relax I about it。

 Am I clear my intent。😊，Does this look a little bit clearer than the last two clips。

 Now that you see this， can you see the difference between clear intent and not clear intent。 See。

 So you look， here's just funny。 What is actually harder to do， This or the first one。

 The first one is actually harder。 But do you remember what I said to you at the start， Most guys。

They can't go up to a studying girl and act normal。 All that I'm really doing here is acting normal。

 I'm taking the next appropriate indicated action。 None of it's a big deal。

 But because this is a very beautiful girl， It's harder to act like that without over analyzingly it and becoming thirsty。

Most guys are needy， thirsty， desperate。And so they fuck this up。😡，I'm just keeping a calm。 Now。

 what's funny is if you look at a picture of me with my balding head and my chubby little ginger cheeks and my pay little face。

 And then you look at this beautiful girl， the idea of us matching up looks fucking preposterous。

 And yet when you see me taking the lead as a man here。 In my opinion。

 it looks pretty fucking normal。 It's like， oh， yeah， they're just like this couple。 It makes sense。

 We're energetically a good match。 So as a man， we have to get out of social conditioning。

 which is the surface level and be like， okay， well， where's the energetic match。

 And that's hard to do because as a man， we we're so bought up in social conditioning and consumer culture seeing male models talking to girls like this。

 What in reality， most guys that girls like this are just cool dudes who are just calm as a man chill。

 everythings good。 and they can just interact。 That's what I find don't listen to what women tell you they want to go home with。

 Look at the guys they actually fuck。 You ask a girl kind of guy they want。

 They're gonna pick Brad pitt，6，7 fucking billionaire fucking huge dick。

 whatever the fuck they're saying。 And then you look at the guys actually。

And there will be some guys in there like that， although I don't know if I've ever seen a guy like that。

 But know， there will be guys like that in there。But it'll be mostly a lot of regular dudes that just didn't give a shit。

 You're gonna to see a mix。 It'll get to the point where you'll be dating the stunning girl and you see one of her X's。

 And you're almost embarrassed that you're dating her because he looks like a chump。

 But the funny thing is， that's your judgmental nature。 Because actually， if you meet that guy。

 he's probably pretty fucking cool。 So you're not even realizing that at that point now。😡。

Let's just see how this kind of plays out。 And what you're gonna to see me here is leading。

 And she likes the strong lead。 I've seen that。 So I'm going continue in that vibe。 And notice。

 I want you to look at the look on my face here。 that childlike joy on my face。 Look at that look。😊。

I mean， am I on Molly like you know， like， remember I talked earlier about how little kids can experience that childlike joy。

 So what I've done in my work and success with women is I've learned how to reconnect with that childlike joy。

 And what happens is that when you are in that state。

 the women feel it off you by what's called the law ofstate transference。

 women have mirror neurons where they can feel what you feel。

 So you're in this childlike state of joy。 the girls feel that。 And it just goes great。

 So in a lot of ways， from years of doing pickup and working on meeting women。

 my brain has gotten a lot of rewards what I'm like a little happy kid。

 And my brain's got a lot of punishment when I'm like an uptight miserable old co adult。

 And so what's happening is。😊，Look at my face。 It's just so happy。

 And I've had a lot of rewards for that。 And as a result。😊。

I become happier in all my years doing pickup。 It's funny。 that works。 right。

 guyss that do a lot of pickup， a lot of time become happier because when you're happy。

 the girls give you a reward and it conditions you to get happier。It's funny how works。

 So now we're just going home together， and。You know。

 the general vibe is one of just chatting conversation。

 And a lot of what I'm doing at this point is rather than trying to convey more value， you know。

 impress her， you know， tease her， things like that。 It's just very casual at certain points。

 I can stop and reinitiate some physical contact。 Like what you're seeing here， you know。

 I'm kind of like biting on her neck a little bit。 I'm kind of teasing on her a little bit。

 And then we're just gonna go home。 You see us go back to the garage here。 So the major idea is that。

What's what's going on is that。Me and this girl have met this's immediate attraction。

 immediate chemistry。 I've accepted it。 My intent is clear。 I'm free from outcome。

 while my intent being very clear。😡，Notice that you have to have a balance。

 The freedom from outcome grounds the intent。 Do you remember how I said earlier that the congruence grounds the self amusement。

The freedom from outcome grounds the intent。 And you see the paradoxical nature and pick up there。

 I just realized that one now。 I always made it five principles， but I'm expanding it to6 today。

 I've always taught social collaboration， but I actually want to make that one of my most important principles。

 So I think that's so important having a great experience with girls is making them feel good and never like fuck anybody up or like having a negative experience with girls。

 So if you think about it。😡，Super hardcore intent is grounded by being totally free of outcome。

 and nothing's a big deal。Likewise， being very self amused and an expansive energy。

Is grounded by congruence。Walking up and being very entitled and doing whatever the fuck you want is grounded by complete social awareness so that you never cross that line。

 or if you even go a little bit over line， quickly apologizing。

 letting her know that she's totally safe and backing the fuck off。😡，So do you guys see that there。

 the paradoxical nature game is kind of cool huh？Very important to understand。

 And guys get so caught up in one or the other。 Like just fucking go for it。

 I don't want to hear to be free I' come。 I make it happen。 It' like， well， yeah。

 you're a fucking creep。 Other guys are like， I'm not gonna be one of these like aggressive guys like running around trying to make it happen。

 I'm just happy。 It'll happen。 Yeah， but now you're a fucking loser， nothing's gonna happen。😡。

Other guys are like， you know， I'm just gonna be myself。 Yeah， dude。

 But now you're getting out gameed by guys that are funnier and more engaging than you。

 They're offering more value。 Other guys are like， just go crazy and be funny。 Yeah。

 but now you're fucking try hard。Other guys are like， you know what Just fucking， go in there。

 You're titled。 Yeah， but now you're that fucking like overly aggressive guy that creeps people out。

😡，Other guys are like， you know， I'm just social， I'm just gonna socially calibrate and always be aware how she feels。

 Yeah， but now you're thinking too much how she feels。 And you're looking like a pussy。

 So each one each one of them is balanced out by the other。 That's the paradoxical nature of game。

 And that's why we're teaching this to you， you know， in life。 And by the way。

 you can really look at this and how each of these principles applies in life。😊。

Being clear in what you want as a man， very powerful。

 a freedom from outcome and just enjoying the passing movie and ephemeral nature。

 dream like nature of the experience。 very key as part of your life as a man。😊。

Being congruent to who you are as a man is so important。

 It means being your fucking self and place your strengths， not trying to play somebody else's game。

😡，At the same time， having expansive energy and engaging with the world is so important as a man。😡。

Making adjustments as a man in life。 Maybe you you know， in your professional life。

 something fucked up happens， you make adjustments。 But at the same time。

 fucking going forward it and being entitled and deserving。 again， this is how we're coming as men。

 And the way that we come at a girl is the way that we come at life。

 the way that we come at life is the way that we come at a girl。

 And what happens here is that when you master this， your life becomes fucking amazing Now。

 we'll go into some more clips here。 And let's just see。😡，This is kind of neat。

 We'll see it really at a nice sweet spot now。 Okay， really， really nice sweet spot for you here。😊。

So this year， you know what's funny is that over the years， because I open so quickly。

 my cameraman miss the open because what happens is that like I'm just bam， I'm right in there。

 I usually tell them to keep rolling。 But the problem is that you know。

 you wind up at like a four hour long clip and it actually bogs down the computer。

 So they're always kind of turning it off and turning it on。

 But then what happens is they sometimes missed the open。 So my cameraman here missed the open。

 But I have literally open like two seconds ago here。 Okay， this is a fresh fucking open。

 And wash out plays out。 It's really neat。 It's fun to see the chemistry。 and the attraction。

 What you'll notice is she's kind of lean into me。 She's looking deep in my eyes。

 And I'm leaned in a little bit。 but I'm still holding my ground and not overdoing it。

 I'm allowing that space of sexual attention to remain there a little bit。😡。

You see I leaned in a little bit on the kiss there？😡，And she backs up， but here's the key。

 She backs up a little bit。But what do her eyes look like and what does her smile look like？

Her eyes are big， she's holding her hands on my body is the key。Look at her face。

 You see that huge million dollar smile。 What that means is that there's that nice interplay of chemistry between men and women where you're being the assert of man。

 the penetrating force of energy。 But at the same time， she's going， oh no， no， no。 Oh no， no， no。

 but while smiling while being giddy like a little girl thrilled， happy if this girl。

 if her eyes were to go out for a second。 or if she were to not have that huge smile or she were to have any tension in her arms at all。

 or if she even looked like she was smiling just to make it not awkward， but didn't want to be there。

 I would be my hands will pull off， I will back off and I'll say oh I'm sorry I'm I'm an idiot。

 I don't you go have a great night。 It was really cool to meet you。 you know'll do 99 times 00。 Oh。

 thank you， you're so cool。 I really like meeting you because she enjoyed the attention the validation。

 shes flattered。 And then you showed that you're aware。

 The problem with men is that they're never aware most of the time。

 And that's why girls get so frustrated because women。

 they tend to know more about social dynamic social behavior and facial。

Expressions and energy because women just typically tend to pay more attention than that men were clueless about it so we go up on a girl。

 we go to hug and she's getting a little uncomfortable and we're just like cave man you know the girl's like good god。

 I can't even like give this guy any nice treatment because he's not going back off。

What I'm always doing is I'll back off anytime there's discomfort and that's so critical is that that really powerful idea of just backing off because it's just fucking awesome right like look。

 imagine that I was selling you to come to this hot seat at the free tour right and you're thinking of coming to this hot seat you're at the back of the room with me。

 you're kind of asking me some questions you're on the fence about it。

 but you are interested and I'm like I'd love you to come and you're like。

 could you give me a second to think about it。😡，If I just jump up on you and start hugging you and dry humping your leg and say。

 hot right， You're like， dude， I was thinking you're coming。 just give me a second。 If I go， hey。

 take your time。 I'm gonna to talk to some other people here。 And then later， you're like， you know。

 still back on me showing me those indicators of interest。 then I'll keep talking to you。

 I'm not gonna run away just because you said， I need a second to think about it。

 that would piss you off。 You're like， had some questions。 You know right， I was interested。

 I just didn't want you to hug my leg。 So that's kind of like a girls， It's like， you know。

 they're gonna be interested。 but maybe you go to escalating。 this's part of the dance。 Oh， you know。

 she's not quite there。 but her eyes are still big。 she's still smiling， She's really enjoying it。

 Hey， do you want to still talk， Yes， okay， you can keep talking。 Now， she's laughing here。

 So because she's got this big， huge smile。 look at her big， fat smile just on her face there。

 And you know， look I rarely ever look that happy。 I mean， look at that big wide mouth。

 happy smile tug it on me enjoying it。 I'm kind of smile in there。 you know。

 and that's what I love to see now。😊，Now I lean back in， look deeper in your eyes again。

 I'm grounded in my own energy， my energy is expansive but it's grounded in congruent。

 are you catching this， my energys expansive， but it's grounded in congruent， so powerful。

 such a nice sweet subat to be with girls， when you get this down， you're gonna crush it。😡，So I talk。

 and she feels that penetrating energy in my eyes。 She's looking deep。

 Look how deep she's looking my eyes。 She's loving every minute of it。😊，But at the same time。

 I'm holding my ground。 She's smiling to the point she it's like so much energy coming at her。

And I just hold my ground， going to kiss a little bit， big smile， back off。😡。

How clear is my intent here？Am I like， am I going to lose validation， am I going to look dumb？

Am I going to lose my state。 That's the biggest one for guys is that you do a couple good approaches You get in this great mood and call that being in state。

 And then you're afraid to lose your great mood。 You're like， well， five of them in a row went good。

 But if the sixth one is bad， Ill lose my state and then you just stop approaching What's funny is that at the start of the night when you have nothing to lose。

 you'll start approaching hardcore。But right as you start to feel really good。

 you feel something to lose and you get too afraid to keep approaching。 You want to go home。

Or the approach is going well with the girl and you're too afraid to get a number or to say let's go over here because you're afraid that she would say no。

 you'll lose your validation and then your emotions will go down。

 This is why it's so important to be free from outcome and to be grounded in your own energy and your own core confidence as a man and to love yourself。

 That's why we talk a lot about selflove in RSD right It's funny because sometimes girls will hear about RSD and they're like。

😡，You know， why don't you guys talk about loving the girl， Like， you know， don't。

 why don't you talk about falling in loveborn， loving the girl， Because most of you guys here。

 where's your deficiency， Is it in loving yourself。Or is it in loving the girl。

 Do most of you guys in your fall Like， if a girl's really attracted to you and she's into you。

 do you fall in love with her like way too fast。 And you guys experience that， okay。

Do any of you guys here feel like you're so in love with yourselves that you don't need to be even more in love with yourself。

 you're already too in love with yourself， or do you feel like you need to learn to care for yourself more？

It's crazy isn't it right， So as a man， like in RSD。

 the reason why I don't talk about like love that woman， love the girl so much is it because as men。

 the guys in this course are already doing that。😡，uys that are fucking in love with themselves。

 like narcissist players。 They're not sitting in here。 They're out。 They're fucking all your girls。

 right。😡，The audience that's in an RSD seminarar are probably guys who resonate with me and if you're like me。

 you love women so much， you've got to get out there and actually be a little bit of a player to calm that down because you're too quick to fall in love。

 you're too quick to get in a relationship， You're too quick to put your heart on your sleeve and have it crushed So that's why an RSD were always saying。

 hey love yourself， love yourself， go meet other girls， love yourself we're saying that because。😡。

I know for me I feel so much love in my heart to give to people and share is like you're sharing so much love。

 but it's like it's like like's like there's this like leaking faucet that's coming out it's depleting you。

 instead， love yourself and and have so much self love that it overflows out rather than it being this leak of emptying bucket with a hole in it and shooting out。

 It's like you love yourself so much it overflows out。 you attract what you are。

 You don't attract what you want， you track what you are。 You don't attract what you want。

 you track what you are。 don't attract what you want。 You track what you are。

 love yourself so much that you are love。 And when you love yourself that much and you share love。

 people love you back。 they feel that vibration of love coming from you and they love you back。

 So that's why I'm always saying love yourself。 So if you look at me here。

I'm having so much fun on this girl。 But at the same time。

 you can just see how good I feel in my own body。 And that's why she feels those great emotions is grounded。

😊，So in a lot of ways， you could even say that loving the girl is grounded by what？Loving yourself。

 the paradoxical nature of success with women。 You see how she's looking deep。

 And I'm just making those little facial expressions that make this little sn hisssy noise。

 And she's just laughing。 She looks away because it's so much sexual tension。

 It's like overwear wearing boom， she kisses back。 But it's so much energy。

 You see she's leaning in again because she kind of wants it。 But yeah， pulling back。

 So the emotions are shooting up fast。 That means that I'm being effective in being in that sweet spot that we talked about here today。

 And I say， can I get your number， or she says can you give me my number， And I say。

 let's just go Okay， right dead and there。 and off we go。😊，Bam， okay， I see it。 I go。

 Notice that you're seeing some fast polls here， but it's very critical to understand that they're not all going go this fast。

 But when， when you can see that the girl is there， you act on it。

 a common socially conditioned Missnomer in success with women。😡，Is that。

Guys are convinced that they need a certain amount of dates or whatever else in order for the girl to be ready to have sex。

 So you know， in social conditioning we say， okay， take her around three dates as an example。

 what we say in RSD is or by the way， or they say get a number。😡。

What we say in real social dynamics is fuck social conditioning is not to say that all of it's wrong。

 It's not all wrong necessarily。 I think there's a lot of truth in social conditioning。 I mean。

 social conditioning is generally more right than wrong。

 but the problem with it is that when it is wrong， there's millions of people to believe the wrong things。

 And as a result of that， it's very hard for those ideas to evolve to another more nuanced or developed or accurate level。

 So many guys think that if you see a girl， look at that last girl that's a beautiful Columbiaian girl。

 you'd never think that a guy like me could get a girl like that。

 But when you see the energy behind it， which is beneath the social conditioning of looks or money。😡。

And it actually makes a lot of sense。 Like when you see me gaming her， picking her episode to speak。

Does it look weird or hard to believe？It actually kind of makes sense。 You know， you're like， yeah。

 he's a man， he's being the male grounding energy。 It's two polarities。 right。

 There's chemistry there。 But what happens is that guys are so caught up in social conditioning that their minds can't be clear in their intent。

There's too many conflicting things going on。 They're thinking too much。

 You ever notice I'm always training guys a meditation。

Trying to help you to get out of your thoughts and make cleared intent1。😡。

They're bogged down by too much need for an outcome， and if it starts to go well at all。

 they get too caught up in an outcome。😡，They're incongruent。

 They're trying too hard or not trying hard enough as a defenseensible。

 That's another form of incongruence。 By the way， You're shut down and not being expressive because you you're actually afraid to put yourself out there。

 It's also incongruent。 That's not who you are。That's not who you are at all。 Your weight。

 you're better than that。 You really are And so。Incongruence are not congruent。

Their energy is not expansive enough， or they're overdoing it as a trihar。They feel untitled。

And they're not social calibrating， or they're overly calibrating and not entitled nothing going for it。

And they're not moving it forward into isolation。 So in social conditioning， they say。

 you've got to go on X amount of dates。 You've got to get a phone number at this time。And， you know。

 women aren't going to have sex。 Social conditioning even says that women don't enjoy sex。

 Who enjoyed that at last interaction more me or the girl， do you think。 Yeah， I mean。

 I think we both loved it。 But the women love it when they meet a guy like that， I'll tell you why。😊。

Because as a man who's fucking awesome。 you're awesome every minute of every fucking day。

 if you choose to be。 But as a girl， she only gets to meet that awesome guy once in a while。

 So it's pretty fucking dope when she gets to meet you。

 That's why like guys that think the pickup is like bad or whatever。

 They're not getting it the essence of pickup is being that awesome fucking dude and making everybody they have fun。

 Yes， the odd negative person that gonna take a bad or bit or complain。 but that's life。 I mean。

 that's everything in life。 I mean， is there anything whether it's like NBA basketball or fucking music or anything that doesn't have some weird person that like like fuck I hate you know like that you're gonna meet girls out there that are just super in negativity。

 That is what it is。 Maybe you'll meet some girls where kind over it， you didn't calibrate。

 then you just get back off。 But for the most part。

 it's supposed to be generally a very fun uplifting energizing experience at the end of the night。

 you're had so much fun。 It's like're at the town square sharing love， sharing value。

 sharing good emotions。 And everybody just sees you having a good time with everyone。

 And then usually the most attractive girls see that you're that cool guy that's having fun with everybody。

 And then they want to come talk to you。 And the way they come talk to you。

Or they'll go near you and kind of quasi approach。 You kind of energetically put themselves out there to you。

 or they'll go by and you' kind open them as you're talking to other people。

 or you'll just wind up meeting them。 And when you do。

 you're in so much social momentum Im having so much fun bam， it's just great。

 Like you're on boot camp with me And you can remember at the end of night。

 We want to go do an afterpart。 And we just start bringing up girls left and right up to the house。

 And the reason why is because we're having so much fun throughout the night。

 Were we're there on Halloween。 So I was just leprechaun。 You're just a lion。 That's pretty fun。

 But you know who could say no to that team。 But basically it's like。

 you know we're in that great mood And it's like come on up and it's cool。

 And every girl that came up to that party。 had a good time。 And it's just like an epic vibe。

 That's what successive women is meant to be。 It's not meant to be this like hellish doomsday thing where you need validation。

 they won't give it in the fucking not very it's not meant to be like that。😊，It's meant to be fun。

 Okay， share， so that's what makes it work now。You know， it's also about manning up as well。

 Like when we went up to those girls to take them home， it's like， hey， come on， you know。

 we're not just like， would you come pe with me， right， It's not like， that's like， oh， yeah。

 we're going up to party。 join。You know， and then they're like， okay， cool。 it's a man。

 So it's the paradoxical nature of not needing it， but still leading it。

 The point being is that we get past social conditioning。 Here's the main key。

 We don't view pickup as needing a number。 Yes， you'll get a lot of numbers， but you don't need it。

 Rather， we view it as a progression whereby which you show her the right traits。😡。

She becomes attracted， and as she becomes attracted at the right waypoints， you isolate and escalate。

😡，Sometimes what happens， though， is that she's with her friends and you cannot keep moving her through that process because it's inappropriate at that time because she's out with friends。

 in which case you take a number， maybe she's got to go home， in which case you take a number。

 But if she's willing to go through that whole process with you from start to finish。😡。

You do it right then in there。 Okay， very key。 Now。

 so what that means is that sometimes you make girls that want to get pulled right then in there。

 and you'll know， you'll feel it that they've been through the process。

 You will feel it with social calibration and social awareness。 She's ready to go。

 And when she's ready to go， you go。 If she's not ready to go。 you chat。

 And if she's not ready to go that night， you take a number。 I've had a girl say to me one time。

Please don't touch me when I touch her。 and I said， okay， sure， what do you want， And she said。

 I hate it when guys touch me。😡，Can you just be cool and talk to me。

 drives me nuts if a guy won't just be cool and talk to me。So that's not a problem at all。

I think you're stunning。 I would love to talk to you。 Let's just talk。 and I completely backed off。

 I talked to her。 She said， there's no way I'm going to go home with you tonight On。

 But if you call me， I'll come out with you tomorrow and we can hang out。I said， okay。

 I didn't push it， I called her the next day， she didn't answer。😡，I texted him。

 she called it right back， I said， well you come out， she said， absolutely came right to my hotel。

She said， I don't， I'm not coming to your hotel the fuck you。

 I'd love to just go on to date with you。 I said， okay， I walked her around the city。

 It was an awesome。 Really cool。 She told me all about some experiences that she'd had in Mexico。

 Some are tragic。 Some are really cool。 She told me about her life。 We got to know each other。

 It was like a little adventure。 You know， you ever seen that movie is it Ethan Hunt， Ethan Hawk。

 Like before sunrise or something that。 You know， they're just kind of chatting。

 joining ch other's company。 We did that。😊，And at the end of the night。

 I brought her back to my hotel， she'd already been by my hotel so it was not awkward。

 and we sit on the couch， I sat on the opposite in the couch， eventually I go near her， she goes。

  hey hey， I thought you're not going to touch me， I go sweetie。Under demand man。

Somebody has got to come over to the end of the couch。 So I got to be the man。

 and I'm going to come over here and I'm to spoon with you。😡，And if that's not cool， I understand。

 but I've got to come over here。 I've got to be the man。 And she's like， ha ha， okay。

She just laughed at it。 and now we're kind of spooning， I guess。

 And then what happened was we start making out and dry hum really hardcore。And then she says。

 I can't have sexy tonight。 So I said， okay。We'd been making up for like four hours， okay。

 like dry hum making for like four hours。So I say to her， I go all right， just sleep over here。

 that one tip alone will get you laid more than you could imagine。

 you would be blown away if you just sleep at her house。Or have her sleep at your house。

 How often you'll wind up having sex in the morning。

 And the problem that I've had in the past is I get too horny and I can't fall asleep。

 Whove ever had tried to have the girls sleep over。 but you've been a dry hum for four hours。

 And like if you go to sleep， you're gonna get blue ball。

 It like blue balls is kind of this weird thing that guys used to press girls in sex。

 But sometimes blue balls is real。 And I don't know if they turn blue。

 but I do know that there's something going on。 that's not happy， right So at that point， I said。

 you know what， you go sleep on the couch。 I'm gonna to crash out。

 and I got to jerk off in order to fall asleep。 It was actually painful to jerk off because literally。

 I've been so aroused for like hours and hours。 it was hard to even jerk off。

 But I made myself jerk off paint the fucking wall beyond my head。😡，You know。

 and then I then I passed out。 I wake up in the morning。

 and it was funny because I think the Lakers were in the finals at that point。 And。

 and I read this thing about how Kobe was saying that Paul Gasol wasn't like being like like proactive enough。

 And and they lost the game。 And I was so inspired。 I'm like， I'm not gonna be like，ow。

 I'm gonna to be like Kobe。 this is happening。 you know I just jump in bed there。 And I say。

 and I just start making out of there。😊，And we have sex， and then we had a great time after that too。

 Now you know what she said to me when we went to have sex， you know what her words were。

 I'm sorry for being so weird about the sex thing。I'm the one who's been weird。

 What you'll find is that when you're non-ney and very authentic and genuine。

 the girls will be the ones apologizing if they wait to have sex。

 And the reason why is because you haven't been weird at all。

 you've been totally cool and it almost begins to look like gameplay if at a certain point。

 they don't have sex， women will have sex。 if you're genuine with them and don't play games with them。

 they want to be genuine with you and mirror that very genuine authentic buy back to you。

 So it's appropriate that you'd have sex because the energy in the chemistry is that that point。

 they'll have sex。 women generally like to wait until the energy is at a point where if you're to have sex。

 you'd feel really good after not really bad。 I myself。I've reached a point in my older age。

That I will wait to have sex， even multiple dates， even if the girl' is ready to have sex。

 if I don't think that we will go into high vibration energy together。 I get it。

 I sound like I'm fucking pompous idiot。 but if we can just bear with my pompousness essentially I'm waiting until I feel that right after we have sex we're gonna feel awesome about it because I've had sex and girls really quick。

 And sometimes it's been epic。 It's like it's we're just basking in the glow of the sex that we had and we're like friends for life。

 But other times I've had sex with girls really quick and I'm like whoa am I Craiglist here like what the fuck this is fucking weird。

 I think we kind of just did something that was kind like almost like this low vibration kind of take her thing like fuck I got like after what is that about So I always like I' learned from experience like I want to be basking in the epicness。

 So sometimes a girl is waiting or maybe you'll get hurt of wait and then you wind up having sex and she'll even say to you。

 she's like， you， I'm not trying to play a game。 I'm I'm waiting to get to know you better and you wind up having sex。

 So what people think in social conditioning。You have to be a certain amount good looking or you have to be you have to have a certain bank account or you have to be a celebrity。

 but really it's about energy。 It's about the energy between you and the girl。

 And from there and I'm not saying that being a celebrity or rich or good looking isn't helping I'm just saying that there's also to thing called energy。

 And then if you masters， you're gonna get wild results。

 The other thing is that and by the way that there's no excuse anybody can get amazing results。

 there's no excuse。 So I don't like to get into debate about does being taller matter at all。

 rather let's just say that no matter what you are you can get great results。

 if you get your game down what I want to focus on。

 And I don't like to sit there focusing on shit that's relevant like victim thinking or think about what you don't have。

 I just want to think about solutions。 where my head is that at this point in my life。

 Now the next thing is the real truth of it， by the way。

 is that at a very high level in game is the most insignificant thing at a very， very high in game。

 But of course， if you don't know any game at all， you're better to be Shaquilo'neal。

 then Steph Curry if Shaquiel didn't know basketball。And Steph Curry don't know basketball。

 did you catch that analogy？If you don't know how to play basketball at all。

 you're better to be Shaquill O'neill because you're7 foot tall and you could just drop the ball in the net。

😡，If you don't know basketball at all， but if you're a fucking pro。

 whereas if you're Steph Curry trying to shoot three pointers。

 but you have no skill that would suck right being this like little guy with no skill it would suck but at a high level in basketball。

 Steph Curry can compete with Shaquill o'neill and it's not even clear who's better because you're at such a high skill level so at that point even if you're a short guy orre not the ideal guy。

 it's not a huge factor at all because your energy management is so clear and I mean if you look at these last sets。

 would they have looked at any better if I was better looking。

 did my baldness come into play and that's because at a high level and game it's not a big deal。

 but then guys that are newer we'll see their better looking friend and he's getting better results early and they get depressed then they think it can't be real and the thing they can't do it when really what is they need to keep progressing folks on the positive and focus only on what will help them not on what sort of gives them an excuse not to do well now let's look here so bottom line social conditioning it's about energy it's about moving them through process emotionally until they're ready for sex and being able to do that consistent。

😡，So results are amazing with girls， and you can absolutely learn it。 And when you get it down。

 you crush it。 Now， let's look here。 This girl here has done runway modeling。 She's got her MBA。😊。

Done runway modeling。 Would that be classified as a quality girl， Runway model MB， You know what。

 The truth is， I actually don't give a shit。 She did her MB。 I don't give a shit。

 She did runway modeling。 but at least on the surface level， you call that a quality girl。 Okay。

 really， in reality， I just like girls that are cool and that are my friends， you know。

 but from a surface level perspective， she's got the right pieces on paper。 Now， let's just see here。

 I've gone in。I've opened。So what you have here is you have a couple guys off to the right。

 I don't know them。 You've got the  Hawk row who I'm looking at。Youve got obstacles over there。 Now。

 a couple things to note is my indifferent demeanor。 Look at my demeanor here。

Am I caught up an outcome？Is my intent divided or am I just relaxed，Essential， I'm chatting， right。

 So my initial going here is chat。I't been sexual。Not grabbing it anything， I'm just sure。🤧嗯。

So what you're seeing。😡，Ist me engaging the girl， I'm chill and the girl in Y is watching it right so the girl in the yellowlow is watching as I'm engaging the other girl I'm making some funny things and that's why she's leaning back and laughing and I'm kind of tapping her head。

 I'm just treating her like a little puppy and now I'm kind of engaged in the other girls and the energy is going in my direction while this better looking。

 better dress guy sitting over here he's got that nice square cut jaw he's got a full head of hair and yet who looks more powerful here。

Funny is that pretty much indisputable that I'm at the cause not the effect and he's basically at the effect。

 And yet so many guys would look at this guy on the right。

 be intimidated by him and let him fuck him up。 And yet how easy is it not to let him fuck you up If you just do the things we're talking about here。

 It's so easy。 but you've got to do these things。😡，So。I'm engaging here， I'm chatting clear intent。

 grounded energy， congruent， energy is going to get a little more expansive as time goes on。

 I'm entitled， and I'm also calibrating。😡，Now I'm looking at this girl right deep in the eye。😡。

Now'm looking away， I'm giving your senses of it。Now I'm going to look back deep in the eye。

 What you want to understand is that deep penetrating eye contact is a huge generator of attraction。

 So I will look deep in her eyes。 and it's that。Big ass， fucking pupil。😡，Look at me。

 Just look it in her eye right there。 Ste calm， like very few men can do on a girl like this。

 Very few men can pull this off。And without any jitteriness or jumpiness， she's up in the air。

 A lot of guys won't do this with a girl like this。 Look at how。 I'm just looking at her there。

 Now her tittys out， and her friend is coming out to pull it in， and she's laughing。😊。

She just thinks it's funny。 She's hot。 She's not sensitive about it， so。She's laughing。

 she's pulling on me。I've already made my point by lifting her up。 I don't even get hung up on it。

 She's got a big fat smile， and she's hugging on me。

 So I know that's a green light as opposed to if it was a red light。 If she wasn't doing this。

 that's a red light， I would back off。 but she's got a green light。 So I'm holding her。

 And look at how I'm just bashing just patting away the littlenats。 That's how I'm viewing it。

 and I'm not saying that them as people。 I'm saying that at them as energetic。

 she is trying to create a block between me and her nice friend。

 There's a great connection between me and her friend rather than being jealous or envious。

 she should be happy for her friend。 And for that reason， I'm not gonna take any shit。

 and I'm going look at her and I'm just so used to it。 and I'm so chill at it and it's all good。

 I've been here thousands of times。 And this is why approaching women for years and years。

 makes you get better results。 because now I can swat away thenats。She'll go away。

 this guy's fucking p tea screwed， and basically I can look at her。 It's no big deal。

 It's all fucking good， and I can just look at her， clear my tent。😡，No big outcome， self amus。

 and now I'm going to lead。The guy's vaporized， he's gone， the friends are going to let it happen。

Okay， and this is game。 This is what you want to be developing。 And when you can do this。

 it is the mother fucking bomb is the bomb is the bomb is the shit。 is the bomb。

 It's fucking is the bomb。 It's great。 And that is why I'm fucking passionate about this shit and is fucking fun to do。

 And for years， I couldn't even fucking talk to people。 I could barely fit in it fucking school。

 And now I do this shit every night。 So it's a thrill。 And is something I'm passionate about。

 And I want to share that with all of you。 And that's why for a million fucking people like。

 why do you teach game。 And it's fucking stupid。 I this stupid。 I don't know。

 I think it's fucking cool。 Well， you're 30 thicks。 and you still think this is yeah， I do。 Okay。

 I think it's fucking fun。 The day that you can't enjoy this。 You are so fucking pompous。

 You are so fucking pretentious。 You have your head so far up your own ass。

 You are such a spiritual fucking snob。 You're like。

 I have transcended The desire to engage with this perfect T。And by the way。And it。

And let me say another thing。 if you can't clown if you can't clown about it like we all know that pimps are the biggest scumbags in the earth。

 If you can't joke about things like that， like the word pimpt as a jokeimp pimp you're too dumb to know what a joke is fuck you Okay because because you're basically you're taking the free you're basically being a little shit the rest of the world wants to clown to have fun。

 why is guys do we say words' like pimp it and joke around。

 why are like we're gonna get some pussy and shit like that， look men are just as loving as women。

 We really are we love deeply， We love powerfully， But we're the initiators。

 We're the ones that have to put ourselves out there and as fucking scary when we're not used to it。

 So we joke about it。 things like pimp it or get some pussy to put space around it as humor。

 Okay when guys like， let's get some pussy that doesn't mean that he's like barbaric dickhead psycho like what it means is he's actually kind of nervous to go talk to him。

😡，people because it's scary and he's joking about let's go fucking pivot。

 get some pu to joke around about it。 Okay to joke around men。

 traditionally we do hunting or go into wars。 and you got to say let's go kick some mass。

 really you're doing this scary thing like being in a war。 but you're like let's go kick some as。

 It doesn't mean that you're this like barbaric person。

 it just means that as a guy we try to keep a good attitude towards it。 So as a guy。

 what I think is that while there's all these other higher pursuits that are very important at the same time。

 this to me is life。 This is day today life。 I love eating a great fucking steak。

 I love meeting a great fucking woman。 I like being out in South Beach out in Hollywood out in Manhattan out in beautiful places。

 it has never gotten old for me being on a rooftop bar in the middle Manhattan。

 looking over the city， seeing the Empire State Build， seeing the river like the Gs of art Hotel。

 it just being like wow with my friends we're clowning we're enjoying life or talking a girls I made out with some cute girl we're gonna go on out of sex。

 that is never gotten an old for me。 And while there's deeper pursuits， this is fucking life。Okay。

 it's fun。 And that's why I want you guys to enjoy that shit。 So while there'szebra parts of life。

 Look， this is fucking fun， fucking enjoy it。 And don't let anybody shame you for enjoying talking to women。

 Don't let anybody shame you for sharing value， sharing love and treating the whole world like it's the fucking town square at I fun with everybody because everybody's gonna try to stop you。

 There's a lot of people that don't want locker room talk because naughty， naughty locker room talk。

 Hes said the word You know stuff like that。He said pussy oh，vol， okay？Yeah。

For real guys are get fucking be down for that shit。 It's just the way that it is。

 Look for many years girls， they were the ones that had like the fucking shit talked to them right like stay in the kitchen。

 It was terrible。 It was disgusting， repugnant。 if you ever want to see an example watch revolutionary road with Leo diCaprio and Kate Winslet to have sympathy for the bullshit。

 the disgusting horrifying state of society that women had to deal with it was disgusting there's places in the world where women are are forced to wear weirdass fucking clothes and gentle mutilation and disgusting。

 horrifying fucking things that happen to women that in every way shape and form I am against At the same time。

 in a lot of the spirit of kind of even that out now all of a sudden like guys want to have a bit of locker room talk talk about getting or clown a bit and it's like this big fucking deal if they think we're gonna put a woman in this weird garb thing able to see something like put in the kitchen And while that may be funny has a joke like you're gonna be barefoot in the kitchen girl and she'll probably laugh at that if she has a sense of humor and that's why we clown about shit like that obviously the frame that we're coming from is just going。

Me people sharing a lot of sharing positivity and actually not just being on fucking tinder all day。

 Like let's just sit on fucking tinder。 and you could do that if you want。 it's fun。

 but why not actually go to meet real people in real life。

 So much society trying to rele you to your fucking smartphone and basically not even able to go engage or talk to somebody。

 They're trying to say that going and talking to a woman on the street is street harassment。

 But what we're showing you here is about how to be aware of what the woman is experiencing。

 And really to offer value to her and make her day better。

 And so for the 99% of women that want cool， awesome guys to come talk to them and share value。

 And she's uncomfortable to back off。 and I'm teaching to be that for the 99% of those girls but they're not really vocal。

 there's that 1% of girls are like， leave me alone And it's like some girl is not even attractive because she's so negative。

 And essentially what winds up happening is like no one even wants to approach her in the first place。

 So even go near she's like me I wasn't even talking to And then they're the ones that create this weird social narrative of guys being like these horrible people as guys like just evil like that Ed is not true。

 What I really believe is。Human beings want to be good。

 and I think that people at their highest estate want to share value and don't want to be in this weird fucked say that's why books like you ever heard the book Ra honesty。

 just that one title， radicalical honesty， How good does that feel？😡，It feels fucking good， right。

 You know why You ever feel like you're just so sick of bullshtting。 you're like radical honesty。

 Like that could work。 I could just be fucking honest。 And that could fucking work。

 And people buy that up， becomes a bestseller because people want to fucking tell the truth。

 people when theyre negative is It fearbased。 That's why people get negative。 But at their core。

 boringring certain like genetic anomalies of sociopathy or something People want to be positive。

 So what I believe is that most women want guys to approach。

 It's just that tiny little percent of girls that don't that sometimes can get vocal about it and just sit there and like low vibration energy。

 making a big fuss about it。 But I truly believe that girls want to be approached by cool guys。

 I believe that guys want to approach girls。 They want to share value。

 They want to have fun with everybody。 And that's what I'm teaching here to do。

 That's what it's about。 And。😡，I have fought hard to make sure that that's available for people because I believe in it。

 I'm passionate about it。 This isn't like the， the 10 commandments from Moses。

It's not like I didn't go up some fucking hill and like a fucking burning bush talking me was likeTer。

Entitlement is grounded by social collaboration， You know and I come down and like all the chdes are like in their ch world and I throw the tablets down and I'm like。

 yeah， it's not like that。I mean， it could be。 I't know。 I'll try later。 I'll jump with there。

 I'll throw the tablet and we'll see it guys。 But， you know， the， the idea being that。嗯。if anything。

 what you should get out of this is that I came up with a way of thinking about it that works for me。

 and because I share it with you guys， you could enjoy it and gain value from it。

 But I hope that while you think about what I'm saying and you take it on board and you try it out。

 And I would really hope that you're openminded about it。

 I hope that an even bigger lesson that you get is more in my process of how I figure this stuff out and even figuring out your own ways of thinking about it。

 See in success as women。There's actually forums where people debate concepts。

 And that debate is so healthy because sometimes what happens is guys will have a certain way of explaining it。

And then other guys will come in and kind of try to wind up each other a little bit and say， well。

 really， it's like this。 And while really the first guy was thinking the same thing as the second guy。

 they really thought the same fucking thing， Sometimes ways of articulating it are just a little bit sharper and more nuanced and make it hit home better And when it hits home better。

 it actually makes you act better。 So can you guys even see how now。

 after I said this stuff about the six different principles did that make a lot of sense to you guys。

 I mean you could really go apply right now， It's funny， right， Well， for years and years。😡。

We've looked at so many different ways of think about success of women。

 We've tried so many different avenues。 And yet， after， say， doing it ever since 2002 at this point。

These are the ways that I explain it that really get to the heart of it in my mind and what I've seen really get to the heart of it in the people who learn from me。

 So there's a million ways that you could explain this。 You could explain it with lines。

 but any one of those lines could probably be slotted into those principles。

 And there's probably like what I love is that in the future。

 I pray that there will be pickup teachers that will come along that will make my stuff look fucking archaic。

 and will take it to whole other levels And that should the goal should always be the advancement。

 right， So real social dynamics has always been two things。 One is open source。

 you could see me flip around on in five years from now， I don't want to scare you， know。

 but in five years from now， I could flip around on this whole damn thing and say。

 there's this other way of thinking about it。 that that's even more to the core of it。

 I probably don't think that will happen， but you never know。And in the same way。

 we're telling you to think for yourself。 if if what I'm saying to you here makes sense， great。

 if it doesn't be open mindded and tested。 like don't be like a hipster。

 that's like I only do what I came up with my own style， refusing to learn from other people。

 I've spent my life seeking out great mentors and people to learn from。

 And if you think that you're gonna just figure out everything in life on your own， you'll spend。

80 years reinventing the fucking wheel with information that you could have got download in your head like boom。

 So you guys are making I think a great choice of my opinion for being here learning at the same time。

 though， still look at my process。 I figured this stuff out by learning from mentors， w with people。

 looking at students， try my own experiments for well over a decade。

 but ultimately coming to my own conclusions。 So while I encourage you to be openmined and take on board the teaching。

 even more powerful is to have a critical judgment， not take what I say at face value。

 But rather just with an open mind tested， and then even coming up with your own ways of thinking about it。

 And it's always about thinking for yourself， critical judgment and。

The only way that you're ever going to own this information is if you test it and own it for yourself。

 so what I'd ask you to do is to not just take it dogmatic and just listen like E Tyler。

 there's a big crowd there and he has a video camera on him， he must be right。

 but rather just think about it like well okay。😡，Like I went out a long time。

 he tried a lot of different ways of teaching it。I'll take what he says with the open mind。

 I'm not gonna to be closeminded just out of hand。 I'll try it out。

 And then as I find ways to think about it that resonate more with me。

 I can let go of those and move forward even in my own ways of articulating it or understanding。

 there's an expression enlightenment or they say on your way to enlightenlightment。 kill the Buddha。

 You guys ever heard that。 Like if you see theddha kill。

 that's because I'm not saying to kill your pickup teachers But the point being， please， please。

 please thank you。 But the point being is that I think in everybody's learning curve。

 they'll first find RD。 and they're like， R SD， know， I'm just like going crazy。 like Tyler said it。

 Tyler said this， like you'll see guys on the form， that debate by saying。

 but Tyler said this as if it's like that should just end the debate。 like Tyler said it。 know。

 And it's like， dude， I'm just a fucking bing G， Just giving some ideas。 Okay But at the same time。

Then you see guys go in the opposite direction。 They're like， you know， I realize about RsD。

 I wasted two years of my life。 And I got to create my own style。

 And you know what I realize it's just about being yourself。

 And in my mind I'm like that's what we told you But they're like， no。

 you't you didn't say that know that's what we told you。 But you'll actually see this a lot。

 But what they're doing。 It's actually an important phase。 So when guys first go into it。

 they overly buy in they're overly bought in without critical judgment because there's so much at the mercy of social conditioning that they can't think for themselves and they kind of need a crush and they need somebody to tell them not a thing。

 So I kind of become that guy。 Almost like a little kid with their parents。

 Their parents tells them what to do like mommy and daddy said so that's the role that I up playing later on your learning curve。

 It's more like a teenager like and dad said is dumb I'm gonna drink weed and whatever I don't I' do what I want。

 like oppositional right， So you'll see guys in their learning curve。

 You'll see this even on like you know what， after two years of RsD。 You know what I realize。

 fuck all RD。 I realize that I've got to be myself and just go for it。😡，And you know。

 and like like I deserve it。 And and other guys jump on there like that's basically what he said。

 but just in different words， But basically but what happened was in order for them to own it。

 they had to say it in a way that their own vocabulary。

 and so that they can own it sometimes those people even like become a little bit hateate a little bit。

 But I'm never against that。 In fact， I viewed as a part of their learning curve like if you had kids。

 it's like when your kids are listening like gangster rap or heavy metal and smokes a joint。

 that's just your kids' way find their own identity。 And then later usually people that did that。

 they come back this happens to me every。 That's why I never take anything ever personally。

 So guys that come up to me on the street every they like dude， at first。

 I was like this crazy fanboy later I was kind of mad at you now I realize like fuck actually really went out there and like fucking the shouldn't I got a lot out of it。

 Thank you。 And that's kind of what I know that a guy came full circle。

's like he's owning it now's got his dating life under control。

 and he's getting the results that he wants， but he's not just listening to me。

 Tyler It's like he's coming from it from his own standpoint。 He has own。abulary for。

 and he's figured out a system that works for him。 So what you can do is at first。

 if it helps you to just listen to dogmatically what I say if it makes it faster for you and easier because it's just too much to focus on it first。

 just try taking what I say in face value。 just I'm very confident you'll get a great result Over time。

 try to come up with your own vocabulary， your ways of thinking about it and creating your own angles on it。

 And then as time goes deeper maybe even reintegrate some of the original things you。

 But from a whole new fresh perspective in a deeper type of appreciation。

 That's its like codependence Inence and interdependence。

 you see that it's like first you need to be to do later want no to tell do you're gonna do exactly what you think And then later you can actually interact with other teachers as a peer。

 So you can still come back and learn from other teachers as a peer So I first from say Tony Robins。

 I'm like Tony Robins my God。 I'm like you know what Tony Robins just jumping around and fucking screaming。

 That's dumb。 And later I I' like's pretty smart。 but have my way of thinking about it different。

 And I can interdepend andly as a peer and。🎼Appreciate the value。 but at the same time。

 not just be bought in like drinking the cool aid。 You guys kind of catch that。 It's very。

 very critical in your learning curve。 Okay， I'm trying to predict it for you to sort of help you with that。

🎼あ。