# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：57 实战分解 - 舞池拉动，从不过度扩张 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is an interesting poll。 The girl's not that hot， but I think the game is very good。

 It's a short poll。 It's only about 20 minutes like that。5 minutes from hello to go。

 No alcohol involved。 girls play sober at the end of the night。

 This is one of those polls that happens like end of the night really quickly。

 I want to go through it because I want you to see that the girl is interested but there's some resistance on her end and how I deal with it。

 how I just kind of I'm patient with it。 And I let her I let her get through it and work through that resistance with her。

 There's always a reason why a girl won't leave with you。

 And once you understand that reason and help her work through it， you can make it happen more often。

😊，Im thought youre here， but' fucking too loud here。🎼你。🎼year weather。🎼When I'm living life just。🎼あます。

Where is Madison？I almost warrant a lot of you that white couldn probably more talented my name。

 S of Michael Jordan。I know， I know， right？🎼Bra， ra。🎼为了为了为了我为了为了。😊，🎼thought is be。🎼Did I。🎼这そ啊。🎼在。

🎼社会是不一样。🎼I you with my with her。I like that to make the move。🎼好玩就个可的。😊，🎼There来 welcome to me。🎼Well。

🎼没。🎼Yeah。🎼我一样崩快。🎼为你要不任好，要给。🎼，🎼你把他的出。🎼我。🎼い。🎼The。🎼你小了。🎼就是你们个。🎼么来有。🎼你可个。Okay， let's have babies now。

 I think I'm pregnant now。🎼。🎼个快。Yeah， you want to forget you want to forget。Okay。

 I think that corner is really good， I going over there。🎼陪伴。🎼My she games tight just her。

🎼So she was dancing kind of like flirtish me。 And I'm like， okay， I think I'm pregnant now。

 let's go have babies in that corner over there。 it's all very jokey， right， I'm like。

 I want to fuck you。 It's like okay， you're dancing work it's kind of cool vibe we're having when we're dancing。

 We're not speaking a lot。 It's very chill， goes， what's your name。 I say。

 I was gonna lie to you goes really what you gonna say Michael Jordan， Call me Michael Jordan。

 there's like a few sentences of being exchanged here， the most important thing is the silence。

 We're enjoying the silence together。 There's a lot of girl can tell about you based on the silence。

 If you can enjoy silent moments with the girl。😊，It does two things。 A。

 it allows her to say something in the silence。 It allows her to talk to you。

 allows her to fill the gap a little bit。 so you don't feel the need to say everything。 And B。

 kind of creates a sexual tension。 Sual tension can die if you talk too much bh bh bh bh blah b bla。

 no gaps or sexual tension can die if you're trying to be too funny。🎼Right。

 just being funny kills attention because it's like it cuts it off。

 It's like you're trying to replace the anxiety of the motion with funiness with humor doesn't always work。

 So there's a little of silence between us here。 And there's a little bit of humor， but not too much。

 Just the right amount' like's。 Okay I don't to security。🎼あは。🎼去。🎼，🎼美しした。🎼I。 So I tell her。

 I don't want to dance next to security makes me nervous。 This is kind of true。

 It's actually because my camera guys there。 And he's kind of obvious。

 I guess they should kind of see him。 So what I say is I want to move around。 remember I said again。

 you have to move a girl around every 1520 minutes in the club。 If you want to pull。

 You can't just keep her stationary。 So I decided to start leading her。

 Lead her is one of these terms that guys really don't understand。 You hear leading from RD。

 What does that mean leading leading， leading， leading leading means to be a leader。😊，To be a leader。

 a leader is a guy that makes a decision about what to do next， where you want to go。

 Let's go over here。 Let's hang out。 Let's do this。

 A leader is a guy that is afraid to put his neck out， come up with the idea of the things to do。

 You want to start being a leader as soon as possible because pulling is leading。

 If you're gonna pull a girl out of a club， right， which can work。

 You have to start leading her around because she needs to see that everything she does with you is fun。

😊，He took me to the dance floor。 It was fun。 He took me for a glass of water。 It was fun。

 It took me for fresh air outside。 That was fun。😊，I guess if I go home with them。

 it will be fun That makes sense like every experience that she has with you in the night going around this adventure is fun。

 so she builds up confidence in the next thing she does with you is going to be fun。

 That's why leading is so important。 It shows that you have alpha quality meal qualities and making decisions。

 you're assertive， your're confident in your decisions and also she builds that trust to go home with you later on。

😊，🎼I'm not gonna make。🎼喂，看。😊，That's okay because I don't want to pay for Charles of work。🎼It say。🎼啊。

对。🎼な。🎼喂。Me too， I just want to come here my boyfriend and have a good time。🎼I'm kidding。那是？🎼不下。

🎼And nothing me上。🎼。🎼欢 you。🎼あけ千ま。🎼Can来 me。🎼love。Right。🎼And is right。

Something I do very often when I'm dancing with the girl。 I'll take her arms and put it around me。

 Very， very old school RD technique。 You take your arms。 either put around you like this。

 or you take your arm by the elbow and you kind of prop it up over around you to get them involved in it。

 You never want to be your hands around the girl。 You always want to have her hands on you in some way。

 I'm starting to encourage that As I'm doing it too。 I'm not going for the make。

 I'm laying the sexual attention build。 I don't want to go for the makeup。 be that guy。

 got to dance for two minutes trying to go for the make。 I also want to be dance all night guy。

 I want to play it somewhere in the middle。😊，In her mind， she's thinking he。

 this guy seems to be playing it cool， I like it so far。😊。

I'm flirting with her by saying I want to make love in this Drrake to the Uher song。 I'm singing it。

 So she knows that I want her， but I'm still having fun。 I'm making statements of intent。

 I'm dropping little clues that I want to bang her， but I'm saying it in a fun way。 That's not。

 She can't。 She can't be offended by it， right So some of the lines are like， you're adorable。

 I want to put a little angel in your ultrasound。 I want to have kids with you。

 but I can't give my government names So you can find me for child support， etca， etc。😊。

🎼Yes free baby。🎼あスこ。What is that what you just did， was that？I canLike I what yeah， exactly。

 I can't believe I'm getting turned on。So she's getting turned on。 What's happening。

 She's getting turned on really fast That why she's shaking your head like that， and just like。

 I can't believe this， right， Like， she didn't say it， but she's like， oh my gosh。

 can' and like smiling and laughing to herself because she's getting turned on。

 But what's the problem here。😊，It's too fast。So she's gonna try to shut it down when a girl clock blocks herself or a girl like runs off to the bathroom a lot of times because she's getting turned on too fast and she she wants you to。

 she can't handle it。 She's like， if I get turned off this fast， I'm gonna lose control。

 And I'm probably gonna hook up with the sky。 So what I do is I， I see this。

 And I trying to kind of slow it down a little bit。 So I wait to isolation。

 You don't have to turn a girl on in the club。You don't have to have sex in the club。

 Your goal of game is not to have sex in the club。 Your goal of game not to finger blaster on the dance floor。

 Okay， The goal of game is to make her it just true。

 Your goal of game is to make sure she has enough comfort first。 Okay， you open with value。

 Make sure you have comfort， comfort， comfort， comfort， comfort， comfort， comfort， comfort， comfort。

 comfort， comfort， comfort， all the way to isolation， then escalate。😊，That makes sense。

 A lot of guys do this。 They go， value， comfort， escalate。

As quick as I can cause I can't escalate now because I'm not gonna get another chance。 No。

 that's too fast。 The girls feel like sluts。 They feel guilty。 They feel like they losing in control。

 It's， they think you do with every girl。 you probably do。 But they're just。

 they just don't like him。 What you want to do is this。 slow， slow， slow， slow， slow， slow。

 A little bit slow， slow， slow， a little bit slow， slow， slow isolation， escalate。Okay。

 save the major major， you know， I'm gonna bang you stuff physically to you get to to you get to home。

 I usually you see me， I do't even really like the last two girls。 I didn't kiss them at all。

That surprise you because I know I'm already coming off man to woman and kissing would be too much。

 You see me， I don't really grab girls' asses。I don't really make out。 I don't really， you know。

 the most I do is like this physical stuff， right， Her hand goes on my knee。

 The most I do is her hand is around me。 The most I do is finger locking and like little little waltz dances or whatever。

 talking about putting babies in them。 That's about it。 I don't actually make out or try to bang。

That I wait till escal isolation before I really pull the trigger on it， which is important， though。

 is that you show that you're a guy that can make a move。

 This girl knows that I am not afraid to make a move once we get loan。

 but she needs that comfort and trust for us to get alone。🎼离了我们。🎼He there。Listen。

 I'm just using it for your personality。小以。🎼I。🎼的日气。

I'm going to go home a nice big bat tub girl going to equipped with me。🎼唱了。🎼See there， too。

 I go for a little like little eskimo kiss my nose。 I go， I'm using it for your personality。

 I go like this to her。 and she's not ready for it。 She backs off。 I read that sign。

 I back off a little bit too。 whenever she withdraws， I withdraw right away。 she stays there。

 I can go for it， but she's not ready。 I sense if she's ready or not。

 I feel what she could be experiencing。 because she gets a sign of not yet。 she backs off。

 I take that as not yet。 I don't take if she says how I says I'd never really think of it as a no。

 The girls still standing there， but she's not ready to make that physical move。

 but she's still standing in front of me。 she's not leaving。 I take that as like a yellow light。😊。

Like a yellow light， like red light， green light， yellow light， yellow light， which just means wait。

 not yet， wait， more time， wait。If she leaves， it's a red light。

she goes for the kids that its a green line， but for now it's just yellow light， yellow light。

 yellow light， yellow light usually means more comfort， more time， more value。

🎼You keep doing it't why。🎼If the cold。🎼全就死了。🎼，あこれ。It's actually kind of cool that movie。

 I think I've even really。How it it。🎼I haven't really watched this clip in a long time。

 but it's actually some really good game。 I'm gonna go home make love to a fat girl。

 And I'm just gonna use you for your personality。 That's kind of hilarious。 I love that。

 I've never set up before say it again。 And then also Im do this thing with my hand behind my head。

 So it's like you gonna be sexual， but I'm not gonna pull the trigger。 It's a little of a fun game。

 right， So again，'s just sexual tensions building in a safe way。😊，🎼我持我我直我我你。どすか。

So I have to tell you something。🎼Please tell me。I'm going to emit the secret， okay？I doubt that。

 but please go on will， I know I've been bull to get up until now， right？He pretty there go。い。

De rest。🎼3。Lis， the secret is I actually saw you all time I minute before I talk here。🎼What。

I saw you five or10 minutes before I talk to you。🎼And I like the way that you move。

 I let you move very sensual。 Remember a girl at your height， you handle your height very well。

 And I was like， I'm very curious about her because the way she moves。

 I want to see what her personality is like and I saw that。And I was like。

 I feel like you might understand me like you might be the only girl in here。No serious。

 I don't like you weren the only girl here that gets a guy that would wear a jacket like this。🎼We do。

🎼like not。Would you guys like about the I see laughter。 What's laughter about。Oh， dance， S dance。

 Okay， okay， okay， cool， cool。 Also， I like the fact that she's like， you know， friends like。

 we're gonna leave。 And she's like。😊，Right， she's made a decision。

 She wants to explore what's going on in here。 And it's funny。 She's made that decision， because。😊。

She makes that decision because I didn't pull the trigger yet。 Again， I'm a guy that can make moves。

 I will make the move。 I will whip my dick out and put it on the table。 eventually。

 when the time is right。 But for now， I can show restraint。

 And she likes the fact that I'm practicing restraint。 She likes it， You know， She can tell。

 So she's like， where's this going。 I want to explore this a little bit more。

 this is three minutes in。 I went for the kiss twice kind of But I wasn't but hurt when I't get the kiss。

 I wasn't like， oh oh， how did my state go。😊，Same feel the same， my heart beat is the same。

If I get the make out， I don't get it。There's no sign of flinching。

 There's no signs of crack in the armor。 just the same guy。

It'sBecause the way I process it in my brain， she's watching all that。🎼Interesting， interesting。

 right。 She wants to explore more。 She wants to unravel this mystery of the guy in front of her。😊。

🎼Only day we had a free。🎼看了手机，你热点泪给你。🎼you from。🎼ほら。He was like he gave me to look like jack La。No no。

 you got the jackpot。🎼But the one in front of the。I really like the。And I this way。

 better way through canals and just to save， myy trees is the perfect place for shaing that's just。

🎼He fucking just。🎼北他。🎼The such。🎼感这发天。🎼Then， hey down might just make that name switch I just hot。

 I like your heart。🎼被来了 my传出的也没一样。🎼I。🎼D。🎼You know will mouth。🎼And。

🎼He said one day I and the and number， but Ill purchase when day is children。🎼lemon offer。

That's what happened when our brains are so big， big， sexy， big brain。🎼知。🎼啊。Yeah。🎼It's what。Go。

 the rumor is like the bigger me， the bigger the day， not true， all you are， the bigger the brain。🎼。

🎼不道。🎼。嗯。我们有こ就。It was I had a client， I think got a client。🎼Yeah， I had a client。 I took out a client。

 What do you do in life， because I don't trust you。 I think it's too smart and too smooth。

 now we're at the comfort， right， So it's like what。

9 minutes in now I'm talking about me living in L and what I've done in life and stuff like that。

 So only 9 minutes in I get to comfort on a dance floor。😊，On the dance floor。 You guys。

 a lot of guys should have a conversation on the dance floor and it fucks you over。

 I don't try to have a conversation。 Most of the nine minutes of that was just kind of jokes。

 banters back and forth。 Now we're like9 minutes and we're having a conversation。

 dance floor is not the place to have a conversation。 General， if you want to have a conversation。

 take the girl， lead， be a leader leader off of the dance floor to a quieter area。

 bar or whatever say， hey， I w to go have a drink of water， come come join me。 Hey， I some fresh air。

 come join me。 Spker up， build the value Le off the dance floor。

 So only nine minutes're getting this conversation。 So the friends I went， hey， what's up fist bump。

 That was it how you going。 And then they left。😊，So they were trying to really get out of there。

 And they saw that the girl was having fun。 And she was the guy who was not。

Threatening a guy that was like。Had his hands on her， but like in a。Respectful way。 I was like。

 like that， right， I went for the make。 like what most of you guys want to do if I was going for the makeout and I was dry huminger。

 What would have friends have done。Yeah， you're coming with us why because you're going to get fucked girl with this random guy。

 so we're not going to allow that because with lookout for each other。

 we recognize your buying temperature is too high and we want to pull her off。

 but they can see that I'm cool about it。So like， all right。That's how I prefer to play。

Have you ever been a swim？🎼啊不点钱滚。Yeah， ever。🎼They儿。I glad we agree on stuff。🎼来不忘 you。Don't get boy。

 keep yourself compliment， don't get coffee here。🎼I是。So what part of town do you live？🎼こい。

I live in Liberty Village， just moved in three weeks ago。Pretty fucking good， pretty fucking good。

 I quite a lot。🎼喂。I'm welcome from LA。Right。I was in LA， I was ever trading basically。

 I was ever trade basically。Training。🎼me come baby you。🎼。🎼The我够放我。🎼就给你我来信。🎼想的。1738，416。

514403 of the area coast。If I had one eye will be lucky。🎼选着朋。🎼そ你是看。It makes me attain。🎼てるも。

I heard it down and like，🎼鲜把惭贵。🎼我没。🎼Be。🎼我你没。🎼想再 맞 행복。🎼食色翻。🎼对那说爱。🎼我是我。🎼我好。🎼温柔没对。😊，悪いよ。🎼老。🎼。🎼Oh。🎼看见。🎼分。

🎼跪这双微。🎼Just把下 to不忘。🎼little I just。🎼乱肉喂是。すごい？🎼那你该是笨熊吗？I'm too sorry。あ。啊有了吗？🎼开。🎼他给我。🎼就三了。🎼再等一等。🎼给你不道的。

🎼没海。🎼出。🎼军在共着党。🎼And not给我。🎼我们被。あめ。🎼Like。🎼Ba美。🎼一气更可怕。🎼で我什么。🎼现在不。🎼け的到。我。🎼责。🎼一种不怎么都不晓得。😊，🎼听我穿。🎼Go here。

🎼され。🎼怕出来又。🎼我懂。🎼。🎼可。🎼Are you a partner man。Are you a cuddler right now we start really getting into and now the friends are gone？

🎼哎喂。🎼喂大。🎼そ的。🎼好啊。等我。書いてます。我的。🎼So a lot of that， you guys just saw the last 20 seconds there。

 A lot of it was nonverbal communication， right， A lot of it like wasn't words。

 It was facial expressions。 Guys underestimate how important facial expressions are。

 facial expressions can tell you a whole story on boot camp。 The guys have boot camp tonight。

 We're plugging an open game tonight。 We call the silent opener。

 which is where you go up and talk to girls for the first 20 seconds and no calm。 No words。

 just like。😊，No。Right， just no words， so a lot of what's happening here is just me with no words using facial expressions to communicate。

 trying to kiss her like that。I move in for a kiss。

 just playing around because what happens to this dude is。

 we think that girls are actually watching our words。 they are， but。

So're really watching our communication under all。 right。

 A guy that's in a game again is a guy that's a good communicator。 A guy that's a good communicator。

 Most of your communication is behaviors， facial expression， voice tonality。 That's it。

 not words so much。 Don't worry so much about what you're saying on the dance floor。

 You don't have to talk a lot。 But you can communicate a lot with your facial expression。 Guy say。

 how do I open on the dance floor。 facial expressions， eye contact。 That's how you open。😊。

Approach somebody， facial expressions， eye contact。It's no words， it's no words。

 they can't hear you anyways， really， okay。🎼快来玩家大油外观。😊，あ我。Your national。🎼不能不需。🎼我。没去。

Are you the hair banking site or you more like a Netflix and shell site like soing public site？🎼A我。

Go is the best they weight。They just did that crap。🎼而且要我。😊，🎼も見てて。🎼C是爱一。

So now we're trying to actually have a conversation on the danceboard it's kind of ridiculous because's loud so it's fast forward to fast this a little bit Now she's shaking me because she's like。

  oh she's frustrated again because she just know what to do she's like I like this guy I don't want to go home with them he's asking me questions if I want to get spanked。

But he's respectful， but I'm horny， but now I'm alone， my friends aren't here。

 but he looks like he's safe， it's like frustration， she's feeling a little fury。

🎼So I can make it the offer。 I say， hey， I'm hungry。 we should go eat She I'm not hungry。 I say。

 okay， that's cool。 If you're not hungry， watch me eat， then you can just go your merry way。

 I don't really care。 You can do whatever you want。 I don't care。 me， me。

 And now she has a like a logical excuse to leave the club with me。😊，By the way。

 these excuses only work with the girls actually into already。 It's all like。

 just leave a club with me that you go home and she has sex with。 She doesn't like you。

 It's like she has to be into already。 to provide the opportunity for it to happen without her feeling guilty with the fact she's going home with a stranger。

 She doesn't really know。😊，あの problem。🎼我们棒么糖。🎼we look go。You have to wake up early in the morning。

🎼走大鱼。Oh。Likewise， I have a seminar that I'm teaching at。🎼What PM。There it is，'s like well I go goes。

 I have to wake up right tomorrow。And I was like， yeah， I got a seminar。 I'm 1 PM。' like， okay。

 let's go。 let's go。 right， impulsem decision。 She's like， let's just take this ticket。

 Sees pretty good。 Let's ride this train。 Alright， Let see how it goes。 And she's just like now。

 So I， she's like， she's agreed to it logically。😊，We're out of here like five seconds。🎼。

I don't know what that means， but it sounds like grpes。🎼あ요。

So I kind of make it easy for her right I know she's struggling with the fact she wants to go with me so the song says bees into the trap but it kind of sounds like herpes Do you have herpes？

So as a guy that wants to sleep with her， is he' going to ask her do you have herpes， probably not。

 so it's kind of like relaxing her a little bit the fact she's going to go with me。

🎼Ive done of talking with you。🎼do nothing。🎼我在西北没人看西北北。😊，It's like， oh my gosh。

 So picking up a girl's a lot like picking up a cat。 Alright， If you wanted to pick up a cat。

 you couldn't just go like， you were trying to， you were trying to pet a cat。 You were go。 I't。

 anybody have cats here， They're fucking moody and temperamental man。

 If you ever trying to like pet a cat。 You go to the cat， like the person's house of the cat。

 You approach the cat， you try to like approach it in the cats like Like moves away。 Meanwhile。

 a little bit later， you're there eating some food or you're watching TV。

 They're watching mind your business And the cat comes up to you。😊，Wiping its ass on its tail on you。

 like trying to like just like。You're like， get off my leg， and you cat away。 What does the cat do？

Comes back。Not saying to kick girls， I' saying like they're like cats that kind of like rubbing on your leg。

So that's what's happening now。 She's like， this guy， I said， I go home with this guy。

 And now he's like teasing me。 I have herpes。 and just like， I don't know。

 I want to go home with them now， but I I， I'm trying to still relax her into it。

 She's going through a lot of emotions right now。😊，🎼没人的咖你。🎼我的在西美。😊。

What do looks almost like a meditating on the dance floor just breathing。And waiting。

Don't need anything complete non needy this， okay？🎼だ。🎼made me that I don't hate but they。😊。

🎼I try to do to a baby I my baby。W do you a handshake。🎼明明不。🎼压抑 like。😊，You're so weird and I love it。

🎼let me go get。K man with Service were on now and I' nobody。🎼Your hairs but。🎼的我的ね。😊，🎼你跟我。🎼Okay。

And I'm the gentleman what。我。Yeah。🎼Come， O， can I do this， Can， Can you wait。Wait。

 I'm not going somewhere， we're getting up from three。

No I live way too close for this I literally a five second walk from here。

 I can't point point go to you want to eat food， let's go， let's go go to party snacks。Oh。

 I'm not going no I live above the pizza pizza dude I'm not okay let's go there。

 sorry we're going to walk to there， we're going to walk there。

Ca somewhere further away from my place can I do this fine？I don't know you。 I me。 I trust myself。

 Yeah myself。 What do you want to What do，'s a favorite line of mine too， was like， I don't know you。

 I don't know who you are。 I trust myself。 I know myself。 because ultimately。

 she's gonna look at you to see if you believe you're a good option。

 And if you're safe and then she feels that you believe it。 Then she's looking at you。

 must be true if you believe it。 So conviction。 she's looking at you to be assured。that's to staff。

 it's the first step most guys don't even trust themselves should eat Bartons。

Don't tell me what to do， what's bright and nice。W bright and nice snacks whats that right here and it's so delicious and the guys are amazing。

HmYou have Barton's neck。Do you want to eat with all these drunk people outside？At this hour。

 you don't actually do what do you have to eat？I'm not eating。So right now this part。

 remember the plan was to leave to go in。Bump ugly， smash beavers。Have sex， no。

 the plan is to leave and go and eat， go to a restaurant， pizza place down the street。

I'm now changing my mind to what do you have to eat at your place？

Okay because if I had said originally， let's go to your place。

 she's already having a lot of mixed emotions about it， she's not really sure she wants to。

 but on one hand， she's like， I've this guy for 15 minutes， should I do that？So the plan of。

 let's go to the pizza pizza was to eat pizza was the first thing。 Then the plan has now changed。

 You are allowed to change your mind。 You can change your mind in the middle of a pull about what you want to do because you said first。

 you want to。Go and play pool。 You're like， no what， actually fuck that， let's do something else。

Why you love to change your mind because girls change their mind all the time on you？

We're going to go out Friday。 Actually no， we're going about Wednesday， actually at 12 o'clock。

 No actually at 3 o'clock。 like you're allowed to change your mind。 You can do that。

 So don't feel like because you're pulling with one moat， one reason。

 you have to stick to that reason。 you can change the reason midway through the poll。Okay。

Are you a good cook？Do you have any food at your place Do you have any bos at your place Okay。

 let's go we have Where four minutes from here can Liberty Vi my tomorrow How about this I promise to get you home in half an hour No it's not going happen I promise listen me Ex me my mere really're going me here on。

It's just like it don't judge， Oh it's theit right it's just hanging it girls。Every man。

When I'm regular when I'm regular。Okay， come， I'll drop you off right up I probably going。

I'm home actually， where is your home， I'm fucking home already。He。Bro。

