# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：学会失去的力量（高清） 【加微信kc58567获取更多此类课程】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey so bosses and bossettes， bosses and training and boss Bros welcome to one of the experienced videos for boss today I want to talk to you all about actually a pretty funny subject because I did a video about this a long time ago by the water or by the water right down Toronto this area is called the Harbourfront my first time being here I really enjoying it so far and the video I did last time was about how to man the fuck up which talked about things like cold showers and you know things like thats kind of just build up this tolerance you have the stress or the resistance you have when stress situations come up and you try to avoid them so today's video。

What I want to talk about is actually Brazilian jujitsu。

And what it does for you okay the mission for today is to do a trial of a Brazilian jujitsu class in your neighborhood It can be a one week free press most of these gyms or martial art places have go online and go to the gym to give you a week free or two he free and I recommend you just do that and started off with it now I'll tell you why okay I've been doing martial arts where I started martial arts many。

 many years ago I was about I don't know， 13 years old。

 I was obsessed with Bruce Lee I watched all the stuff and the dragon fist of Fuy like mimic all the moves completely built Dun Chucks went to like this place called Genpo which was a place where you can buy like Macuars and do iron palm training on sacks of Beehes and get did that Joe。

 which was I think that helped you conditioned your hand so it' was all the stuff you could do。

And I really enjoyed it and I was at the Martial arts hardcore and then at one point I did a lot of kickboxing and I did。

Satting a little you can go mostly muttai and I was okay。

 but I really sucked when it came to the groundwork stuff and did the ground fighting and the truth is most fights go to the ground。

But nobody in the world or most guys back in the day didn't have this idea that they would never go to the ground。

 like I'm pretty good man， I'm buff， I'm Jack， I know how to fight， I'm good， I'm macho。

 I don't go to the ground because going to the ground would mean that you lost。Right。

So a lot of guys didnt want to go to the ground now the comparison that I'm making here is about life in life there's going to be situations where you think you're going to ace it and you're going to kill crush it。

 but that situation gets a better of you that could be a finite situation， a work situation， friends。

 family， whatever it is situation gets a better you crushes you and you find yourself on your back。

Figuratively and probably literally you find yourself on your back。

And you're not going to do as great as you would hope and when you find yourself in life in situations on your back。

 what is your natural reflex is your natural reflex to。

Get up is your natural reflex to have a moment of victim or pity and say why am I even on my back So I'll give you an example right with RSD I'm one of the newer instructors actually was an instructor that had my program come out in one of the quickest in the history of RSD it was nine months of be signing on that I had a program come out that's the fastest of anybody in the history okay so I was not completely satisfied with with some of the business goals that I had the business sets I had the sales I wasn't completely satisfied with it everybody said it's great what you do for nine months it's amazing but I person wasn't satisfied So I found myself in a situation where I was upset I'm like why did this person get more exposure。

 why did this person get better marketing stuff， why did this person whatever whatever and rather than take a victim mentality about it or take a position where I feel like life is just not being fair to me。

 I had to make the choice to say hey。Don't feel Se pit self pity， get off your back。

 get back to work， be happy about what you've achieved and just you know move forward whatever your vision or your goals are so that was a decision that I had to make to myself al right I made that decision now it was a conscious but I didn't even realize at first I might have had a little bit of pity selfpity that Se pity isn't always a bad thing but you can have it so my recommendation to you is when you find yourself on your back in those moments what do you do how do you get up how do you rise to the occasion。

 how do you handle it。Okay you're gonna to have those moments and Brazilian jus is gonna face you with that every single fucking time。

 you go to the gym every single time you go to the gym。

 you're gonna be hit with that you're gonna be like damn I suck you're gonna spend out of your hour you're gonna spend your first 50 minutes losing one of the things that Martial arts always is like I would fight guys bigger than me I would spar with guys that are like 50。

 60 pounds heavier than me and they would hit me when I liquid bleeding I like damn that kind of sucks and I would always always lose one thing a game pickup up。

Look at pickup， right， look at pickup， look at success with women as we call or whatever is meeting girls。

 hawking girls， approaching strangers that you don't know there going to be moments when you're doing that。

And it's a little cold here， three months when you're doing that。

 and you have to either make this choice to go for the easy approach， the easy set。

 or man the fuck up and go for the hard approach， the hard set， the table set， the mixed group。

 right because that's going to be how you put yourself in situations to be a more attractive higher quality woman。

 that's how it's going to happen。So you have to make that choice And it's not gonna be easy You're gonna find yourself on your back and what do you do What is your resolve once you are on your back。

 How do you get up So my challenge to you this week is go and sign up for free Brazilians you just do class it will teach you more about yourself。

 It will teach you about the art of losing and failing forward。

'll teach you about the art of not doing that well and then getting up and trying to be successful trying to push forward for victory right I want you to have to do that You guys are gonna enjoy it's be great。

 It's gonna be tough。 It's have some moments where you don't want to do it。

 You're probably hear this right now I don't want to do this that's a natural reaction。

 I would have the same reaction to but recommend you do it anytime you try to do something you've never done before。

 it will change your life anytime you do something that you're not good at you improve exponentially exponentially as a matter of fact that's the right word to say so anyway that' that's all thank you very much guys as always look forward to seeing your comments questions and feedback and your stories about this vision in the comments section on Facebook。

Group and also on the Telegram phone app。Keep in touch and don't be a stranger， cheers。

