# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：性张力（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

嗯。All right， bosses and boss sets。This week's mission is all about sexual attention and space。

 This is the first one that is about applying the pickup skills and attention skills that you've been developing so far。

 Now， what I want you to do up until now you developing tension you learned about it Now what were some of the missions that helped do that you had the sidewalk the line。

 you had the return food right you guys have been practicing eye contact and things like that voice tonality。

 the author voice tonality speaking as how a police officer or a boss would speak。

 now that you have all that and you practice it and you've experienced it。

 I'm gonna give you a mission。That mission is， I want you to do the ABC alphaphabet game。

Pretty simple， ABC alphabet game。Now I have an infield clip of it， I'll show right here。Yeah。Anyway。

え。Incanadianina。あった？No。あトまトリ。け。A you ready go。YeahYeah。请。Yeah。HI。S。Yes。

Now what I want you to do is walk up to a girl right you're in a club maybe your first step once you' kind of got a little bit of rhythm going。

 your night and your night's going pretty good and you feel like you're comfortable and you're loose and you're speaking freely and you're not really that nervous once you're comfortable and you're doing that I want you to walk up to a girl and either at the beginning of the conversation or somewhere in the middle try the alphabet game just see how far you can get saying the alphabet you go as far as you can to the point where she's about to pretty much walk away or she's like're this is ridiculous she's getting upset see how far you can go myself typically I can get to like oh ands like 1816 letters and something like that and I take my time doing it so oh and end maybe 1618 letters like that and that's about I don't know。

A minute so about a minute of the girl standing there listening me say gibberish the idea is you want to start enjoying the tension in your conversations。

 so I have this theory my theory is that。😊，Humor actually kills sexual attention sometimes in my hot seat program I'll bring guys up and I' noticed I'll like do something kind of like is the sexual and they go。

And they try to like escape it by laughing or about giggling。

 but a guy that can hold the tension is a sex worthy guy。

 so you need be able to hold that tension for yourself。Also for the lady， also for the girl。

 so you hold it for her and you hold it for yourself and the guy that can hold that tension means he can hold that awkwardness right because like what is sex。

 sex is to naked homomo sapiens on top of each other。啲。5。Oh like face to face， like eyes。

 like face like this。嗯。嗯。It's kind of weird you think about it when you just like practically like think about it as like a logical thing people do doesn't it's like it's weird。

 It's just weird， right Maybe it makes sense， but it's weird。

 And so there's a little bit of attention there。 if you imagine one of you like the whole time through totally ruin it So the guy who's able to enjoy that tension。

 hold attention。 Both of them is a guy who is sex worthy and a guy who is worthy a sex and he does it for the girl。

 He does it for her。 He does it both of them together。

 so the idea is you want to learn to enjoy that tension and sit with it becomes worth it and practicing it so far。

 And I want you to really expand it。😊，With the ABC game， it's not just saying the alphabet。BTD。

There's a few factors that go into him。 The first factor is volume， okay， volume a。B。C。Di。Yi。F。

 the next one could be rhythm。So it's maybe saying it fast and then maybe slowing it down and speeding it back up again。

 ah。Yi。See。T。EFG right， so I'm playing with the rhythm。

 and the last but not least you want to play with the space in between you and the girl。

 so you have a space you're occupying as a physical human being。

She has a space that she's occupying as a physical human being and there should be maybe a foot or two between both of you right maybe two feet away from her so within the end by the way you're doing say at nighttime on the daytime obviously it's because it's a little bit too random to dude in the day the nightclub you have more leniency so there's a space there and your space and there's her space those three spaces the order again is your space space middle in her space and you want to walk into and walk out of that space lean into it and lean out of it。

Bei。C。D E。F。Qi。H， I， J。Right you get the idea you want to play with it so what this will teach you to do is play with tension and sexual dynamics and create that between you and the ladies。

 the woman's and if you're a girl it can do this as well with guys actually as a matter of fact it's not really limited to a person or a gender。

 it just works with all people and the reason that it works is because。

I mentioned the sexual tension， but also it's the sub communication。

A few things are subcommunate here。 One thing to subcommunate is that you really don't care right It's because you don't care。

 it means that you have high status， you care less than the person that you're interacting with and therefore you have a higher status than them or he or she who cares the least is the most important pretty much whatever you reacting because you're not reacting to them you're putting them a situation where they must react to you because you're just doing something that's so out there it's so original so outspoken that they have to react to what's happening and the next part of that I guess would be in addition to that you seem to have more value because you're at the cause of situation and not the effect of it。

 you're having a lot of value because you're doing something that's new entertaining and you're not really concerned about what people think of you and the impression that you are making on them So that is you're to be for this week。

As usual leave comments about it or questions about it in the phone group on Telegram。

 the boss group or leave your questions and comments about it in the boss Facebook group and I will get back to you guys who get on that just tag me tag me let me know any questions you have right so just do this you can do this I think you know you can try a few sets a night maybe try it two or three times but you don't want to go around a whole bar of like let's say 20 people or three people in the bar just doing this all night because they'll just like kind of figure at the bar and you will be able to go back into it again all right so you know do it do it two or three times maximum per that night you should probably try this maybe two or three nights a week。

For one week and see how that goes and then you comments on your make your comments and post your questions and I'll respond to those in a bit so that's it for now and as always。

 keep in touch and don't be a stranger。