# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：53 闭幕 - 4个问题 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Listen。All I care about is closing。 All I care about is pulling。 I don't care about opening。

 transitioning， sexuality， bla bh， bla making out All I care about is closing。

 All I care about is closing。 Why is closing only that I care about。What？

It's only that matters as dark。That's dark。呃 yeah。An goal of mind， right。

 whatever you focus on grows， so you're focus on is what is the opener guess what you can get to the open？

If your focus is pulling tonight， you are going to pull you don't mean why we used to do it back in the day。

 same same pm dude right， we'd go out with no money and we purposely we were broke。

 so that's why we had no money and we'd go out in the wintertime for these clubs with no way to get home。

No bus fare to get home， no taxi money to get home， it was either pull。Or be on the street。

How do you think our game was those nights？Excellent， we pulled every night。 I actually be fair。

 We pulled 90% of the time。 At least like a girl would take us home and like play like resonant evil with us。

 at least。At the very least like Fitus pizza because she liked us at the very least。

 so our goal is to pull and because that was our goal it happened。whatever you focus on grows。So。

If your goal is to if your focus is the coolest new line that gets the shocking response。Fucked。

 you're fucked if your goal is， I don't know， your goal is。To get the makeout。

 you'll get the makeout for sure， you'll get that validation of approval of the makeout。

 but you're not going to pull right your goal has to be to pull because you're see the game plan differently。

 you're going to see the terrain differently a war is won this is the the of the art of war a war is won by understanding the terrain The only way to look at the terrain is by looking at the end objective。

And assessing things as they go along。Pulling I'm going to break down my complete manifesto in pulling。

 right here we go。So it's the pull。There's the four questions， of course， the four basic questions。

 I'll start out with those very， very simple， the logistic questions， who you here with。Hriing home。

What are you to？Yeah， do you have to wake up early tomorrow。

 not what are you doing tomorrow but you have to wake up early because you want to get the timeframe right。

 do you have to wake up early tomorrow。I already said that， who are you' here with。

 how are you getting you home， get to week early tomorrow。

What area do you live in what part of town are you from boom those are the four very very basic you don't have those you need to write those down I I saw you guys not sure about that you kind some of you guys guessed it means you still don't know those you need to have that on autopilot that shit is basic that's foundational。

That's like what color is the sky， blue， who you here with， like it has to be like automatic。

What's your name， Madison， how are you getting home， gotta know it， okay？

A good way to transition those is you ask by the way， at the end of them。

 and it's not so razor sharp question， oh， who are you here with by the way？

Then tell a little bit about yourself oh yeah you know myself I came with my friends they're over there one from Finland one's from Amsterdam actually he's only from Amsterdam he's Holland just says that because people like to compliment on weed anyways。

 yeah what I tell you from by the way right smooth it over， smooth it over。

 give a little get a little give a little get a little do not stack these questions I start asking these questions in the first five minutes of meeting the girl。

 if you are in a set for more than five minutes you have no idea what these questions are you haven't started them。

 you're wasting your time you're wasting your time on a girl that you possibly might not be to have the opportunity to hang out with logistically。

And you need to move on。If the girl has shit logistics， get a phone number and move on。Okay。

 you're never going to have amazingly good logistics， you probably never have good logistics。

 you always have some version of shit。You just take that lemonade and make lemonade。

 you have always have some version of crappy logistics， all right。

 it was never going to be good logistics， always some version of meh。All， take that and work with it。

啊。get to those questions a little bit more。Listen。Girl says to you。I'm sorry。

 I have to go with my friend go home my friends， I'm a designatedate driver， what is your response？

Peace， okay， wow。Okay， girl says to you， I have to wake up early tomorrow， what is your response？

Me too， that's better Girl says to you， girl says to you。She says to you that。

She lives really far away， what is your response？Was they right。Okay。

Who has pre plannedned answers these questions， all four of them， raise your hand。

No't wonder you guys will pull every night。Okay， let me break this down to you。

And I don't really mean this seem like an asshole or a jerk。

 but let me explain the audacity of this right now。

The audacity of this is you go out every single night。Every single night you talk to girls。Fact。

 fact， not story， fact。😡，Every single night the girls say to you these six or seven objections。

 I'm with my friends， I'm the designated driver， I have to go home early， I'm seeing somebody。

 I live far away， every single night you encounter these six or seven objections， problems。

 obstacles， and you don't have a solution to them， you don't have a default answer。

isnsn't that insane， that's like going into a math test， okay， check this out。

 it's like going into a math test at school。And every day it's the same six questions and you don't know the answers to them。

😡，And you don't study them。He was like， oh， I guess I'll figure it out tomorrow， figure it out now。

 that's insane to me。How could you pull if every night you're trying to be fucking， I don't know。

ThisSthen Hawkings that figured the shit out on the moment on the fly。

 you need to have go to responses for these things if you know you're going to get these objections every single night。

They're going to come up every single night， how do you not have an edgeone？You went， you know。

 I've been out 100 nights this year and I keep hearing this thing come up。

 but I'm just going to ignore it。That that's like a guy having a problem in his business and not addressing his business。

 you know Mr。 Johnson， every month you're losing $10，000 on this thing yeah。

 you know I'm sure it work itself out。I'm sure it'll work itself out。You know， Mr。 Johnson。

 we've done a blood test on you， and there's some of irregities in your blood。

 do you want to come in for more testing， no？I'm sure it'll figure itself out。

So why do you treat your romantic life like this， you're dating like this。

 why do you treat your pickup like that？Makes no sense to me。

I take my pickup with as much seriousness as going to the gym。

 I actually like count like you know you go to the gym you write down reps。

 I would write down like what was my approach， what did I do， how did I feel what was my headspace。

 what was my result， what could I have done？So now I know that you guys going to write field reports automatically。

I know that now because if you wrote field reports you would say。

 I'm going on for this many days and every field report ends with this。

 she had to go with the friends and I haven't solved this yet， so I'm just gonna to， you know。

 I'm concerned I'm deeply concerned because you guys are paying money to be here。

Now you travel accommodation， some of you got here for free， some of you pay to be here。

This is basic stuff， you can pull every single night if you follow what I'm telling you， okay。

 so it's this。Here are some solutions to objections。嗯。Friends she's the designated driver。

 go with them， possibly go with them to wherever they're driving。

If she has to get home she has to get up early tomorrow say that's cool we'll just go for food really quickly or we'll just leave right now I promise I'll get you home and she's like well I have to hang out with my friends and they don't know you。

 it's like cool here's a picture of my passport， here's a photo of my passport， take a picture。

 who's the mother hand I'll give it to her， she can give my phone number she wants。

I'm just making this up at the top of my head right improvising them do have a few goy ones。

 if she says she lives far away， I would possibly still go to the food thing and grab a phone number or try to pull her into the bathroom or car。

U。You the list goes on and on， but you need to have go to responses。

It's like when I say to you like five plus seven and you say the answer？One guy， 12。

 that's how it has to be I'm here， my friends da da， answer da da da。

 answer you to write the shit down。Write it down， It was only this is my little mantra。

My pulling trifca， pulling is this seating， leading， and then defeating what is competing。😡，Okay。

 seating， leading and then defeating， what is competing？

Seating is somewhere in the conversation maybe around five to 10 minutes start planning little ideas that stuff you guys can do later on Yeah I saw this amazing video on YouTube you guys can check it out we're having me after party down the place da you could say something along the lines of I know the best blank in the city you are going to love it I know the best pizza place in the city you're going love it I know the best。

Abortion clinic in the city you guys are going to love it， it's open late night， whatever it is。

 it's the best blank in the city and she is going to love it。Okay。And you start screening。

And sorry you start seating seating and planning little ideas of what you guys can do later on。

 every single place you go to have ideas of what's to the area right that shit down。

 you guys are here at Sappre， what is close to SappFhire， what is close to the other areas。

 what is close to the okay， if you guys where are you guys going tonight？The club。What？Hawasan。

 what are the 24 hours restaurants close to Haassan？One guy knows you should yelp that shit， Yelp。

com， 24 hour restaurant。Vegus strip， don't be trying to make up a plan last minute。

take your pulling seriously。All right。That's what every instructor does， by the way。

 you know we go to every single city and we're like， oh， we're in a new city。

 oh how does it the instructors know everything's happening， Yelp。com bitch， Yelp。com bitch， okay？

Let's see what else so seating leading is you actually taking her and going so leading is not a question。

 by the way， it's a behavior want to be that very very clear。

 very clear distinction it's not a question of behavior leading isn't do you want to go here。

 do you want to go here， do you do you maybe want to go here。

 do you guys want to maybe like no leading is the behavior with words on top of it you behavior first and the words of the filler？

Words of the filler， actually let from Derek actually， three years ago。

 so you probably remember the story， I there it was three years ago， surrender， girl， white dress。

Youall remember， yeah， surrender， girl white dress and this guy had the most sharp astute 90 degree turn or 180 turn of leading I've ever seen in my life。

 it was like this。There was， it was like a door closed， a room。 It was really dude。 And I was like。

 damn， that's， that's some leading， right， So leading， a lot of guys make the mistake of leading is。

😊，They make the mistake of asking to lead。Hey， we're kind of maybe。

 I do you guys want to go to the bar？Do you guys want to go get some fresh air， It's like， hey。

 you want to get some fresh air， Come on， come with。

It's the behavior first and the words justifying it or explaining it。

like you're not physically like hand holding like handcuffing her。

 clenching her and she can't resist not that's not there's a compliance there。

 you're holding her hand， she's holding on， she can let go at any moment， all right。

 but it's a behavior， it is a behavior with words sprinkled on top， that is leading。

So we did seating， leading， and then defeating what is competing。 That's the third one。

 defeating what's competing。I like the ram。Like Dr。 Seus。Defeing what is competing。

Like I said before， there's me lots of obstacles that come up， my friends， the de driver。

 ex boyfriendy in the club， free drink from some other dude， live far away， bh， who。

 the guy who solves the problem gets the girl。Basically。That's basic if you don't solve the problem。

 you don't deserve the girl。You don't， you absolutely don't， you don't。

 if you guys don't solve problems， you don't just to go at all at all。

Because it means your sperm shouldn't go into a reproduction。

Because it means your children won't be able to solve problems。They should be weeded out。

Why would any girl want to go home with a guy that can't solve a problem of her friends have to go somewhere and she has to go somewhere else？

Callin Uber。Colllin Uber for the girl。I have infield with me where I you know。

 this is this whole problem with like I'm the designated driver。 my girl。

 me and my girl have to go home。 I'm like， you know what， this is what I do now。

 I'm like you know what， me and your friend want to hang me and you wantna hang out。

 your friend obviously wants to go home。 We should go home， Jessica。 Let's go home。

 I'm not having fun。 I'm not having fun here。 What do most guys do。 No， no， no， stay with us。 stay。

 stay， stay because you like Jessica。 stay come on。 No， I fucking send the front home。

 She wants to go home， send her home， I put her in a cab and I send her home。

 You know what your friends are having a lot of fun here。 Shes not want to be here at all。

 She wants to go home。 You know what， I'll be the gentleman。 I'll put her in a cab。

 I'll pay 20 bucks， and I'll send her home。 Ill give her my phone number。

 We'll make sure she gets home safe。 Is that cool。That way we can stay and talk and hang out more。

 is that cool。 Yeah， okay， Hey， we're gonna take get to his cab。 All right， come， Oh， he's so nice。

 He's taking me to a cab。 He's escorting me here。 Here's a cab。 All right， get home， say， okay。

 great。😊，Back to my girl， why would you try to keep the girl there she wants to go home？

That's like going into to the fucking laws of the universe， man， laws of nature。She wants to leave。

 but you're trying to make her stay。 That's like trying to keep a business partnership with somebody who wants to quit and leave。

They want to leave， let't leave。So what is that solving the problem， being flexible， being creative。

 the guy who solves problems gets the girl in your job， if you have a job， okay。

 if you're not an entrepreneur， you have a job。You have a manager。

 your manager's job is to solve your problems。😡，Then the manager has a。Director。

 not everybody at once， please， the manager has a director。

 the director's job is to solve the problems of the manager， the director has the VP。

 the VP solves the director's problems。The VP has a CEO， the CEO solves the shareholders's problems。

The guy who gets the girls solves problems。If there is a alpha mills in our society solve problems。

 if there's a you're in your house， for example， you're your house three o'clock in the morning。

 you're downstairs。Some glass breaks。Like， oh shit。Gosh damn some West broke。

So you pick up your cell phone， go to your cell phone really quick。911 that shit， right 911。

 please y somewhere house get downstairs， It's crazy， come come， please come to the front door like。

 all right。I think he's in the the basement。The officer goes， I'm sorry， I can't solve that problem。

 This leaves。 but what the fuck。The police officer is designed to solve problems。

 every alpha male in our society solves problems， if you can't solve the problem。

 you don't deserve the girl， be creative， stretch yourself and you don't have to even solve them the fly。

 just have answers to it in advance。But imagine this， if you do solve the problem。

 what does she think this is the fucking cham， This is the dude。

 this is the guy that I want to go home with。 This is the man。 There's no doubt in her mind。😡。

Because you've showed it through your behaviors， you've displayed it。

There's no words you can say like， hey girl， just so you know， I'm really resourceful。

 I'm really independent， I'm a creative thinker，lah bh bh bh bh bh bh bh blah bla， fuck， that。

 show it。Just show it。And she'll get all the evidence she needs。That's why I don't get LLmar。

Because by the time the girl goes home， she's like， well， this is the guy， clearly。Makes sense。

The four ways to pull are this。I'm going to go from most often to happen， but least successful。

To least often happen， but most successful， that makes sense？Okay。

 so something like four ways to pull， what's going to happen most often。

 what you want to go for and what's going to not happen and what you't want to go for。

 kind of the thing， all right？Whatever that was。哎。The four ways to pull are this。Number one would be。

You leave with girl。You just leave with that girl， you and her just bounce out， you guys just leave。

 you're just poof gone。Okay。That's number one， that is the least likely that always happen if that is your goal every night and that is your only way to pull。

 you will not pull every night because you're essentially trying to get the girl to divorce or social alliances。

Everybody in the club now if you show a lot of evidence up until that point。

 it can happen pretty regularly， I think like。Most of half of my polls might be like that。

 but it's not the go to， okay？Number two。You。Sorry， let me say number two。

 the group of girls come with you。 So the group of girls come to your place to after party。

 the group of girls come with you。To food， that is to to you the second most likely results。

That makes sense。So the first one， if you says you and the girl。It's a  one on one situation。

 one on one play。That's going to get you best results。All the time together you want。

 all the privacy you want， no judgment。Your best results going to come from that。

 But it's going to happen the least often。The second best is going to be。

SoThose group of girls come with you to your place or your environment because you have more control over that situation and you're good with that。

 okay， you can control that a little bit better， a little bit better。Now。

 whatever there's a group of girls still the element of randomness， you don't know her girls。

Essential I find sometimes like when you pull， when you pulling get back to the house。

 a lot of the times， like the dynamic can change， like the girl who was friendly gets like a little too drunk。

 The girl who was nice， gets a little bit bitchy， The girl who is bitchy becomes nice and tired。

 like the dynamic changes sometimes when you go from the club to another venue。 so。

The group of girls kind of just fuck it up a little bit， that's why it's second best。

 but it's very often likely to happen the majority of your polls。

 the majority of your polls will be a two or three set you bring back to your place。

 majority of your polls， okay。Not the one on one。Now。

 number three is going to be you go with the girls to wherever the fuck they're going。

 you go with them to their house， you go with them to their hotel。

 you go with that group of girls to the restaurant。

That is the most likely to happen if you're going to pull every night。

 but you're most out of control of the situation， there's so many variables you can't control where they're going to go if there's going to be a cat when they get the there that's like dead。

😡，You know， if going into some shitty restaurant far away and the girl eats too much food and then she gets tired and drunk and she wants to like throw up and like you can't control that many variables right because it's an unknown foreign environment。

 the landscape you don't really know the landscape so it's not the best situation。

 it's the least likely to result in hookup or success but really solid phone numbers okay。

And last but not least， the very， very last resort， but if you can't do any of these three。

 but doesn't happen very often is you isolate the girl at the club so either。In a car， bathroom。

 wherever it might be， cabana。This is Vegas ice closet room。Yeah。That's the。

That's the least likely to happen。But in some situations。

 if you you tried to all of the three you've exhausted all of the three。

 that's the way you want to do it， okay， that's the way to go， that's the way to go。So。

Just recap really quickly。Okay。Four logistic questions， who you here with。

 how are you're getting your home， what part of town you live， get out the weick can roll tomorrow。

Okay。They're pulling trica。Seedating， leading， defeating what is competing。And last but not least。

The four kinds of polls。The isolation pool。The friends come with you， you go with the friends。

 you isolate in the club。Yeah， I mean， ideally， you want to have the girls in a situation where they know that you want their friend and they've accepted it because their friend likes you。

So they're like， okay cool with say， he's a cool guy， she likes him， she thinks really into him。

 this is good we'll let it happen， that doesn't always happen though just sometimes。Not always。

 some girls are just going to be jealous of their friends no matter what。

 because they get power from playing the lesbian role or like that validation thing of like， oh。

 she's mine， you can't have her because it makes her feel good。

But it's not going to always happen just sometimes， but just be prepared for it if it does。

There's not nothing you're sacrificing from it， like initially when you're adopting a new behavior。

 your results may actually go down for like a little bit， but for the long term win。

 so you got to decide to yourself do I want this short term good night or do I want to have long term success I told you like three years ago or like four years ago it was I came to sumummit and I pulled 11 times in seven days no closes。

I went home and I rethought that shit hard。But I'm so happy that it happened because it taught me a lot。

I wouldn't be here today if that didn't happen， that makes sense like I wouldn't be on the stage today if I didn't pull 11 times。

 not close and then go home and think about it and solve that problem。

So I deserve to get the girls I get now because I solve that issue。So there's no bad references。

 they're all good。That's what I'm trying to say。