# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：15 障碍免疫 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

What I went up， Talk about the idea of obstacle immunity。 This is that turns beyond on， man。

 This turns me on so much。 Alright， obstacle immunity。 You want to get turned on by obstacles。

 You want your niffles to get rock hard by obstacles。 If you're a girl。

 you want to get moist from the idea of obstacles。 You want obstacles to turn you on。 Okay， now。

Why would that happen， Well， guess what？ life is always gonna have obstacles， No matter what you do。

 man， those obstacles are coming。 Everything in life has a cycle because of that reason alone。

 you have obstacles just for that。 Okay， just for that。

 So the idea of having an obstacle or the idea of having no obstacles is not realistic at all。

 Let's think about it。There's men， there's women。Both sides， there's day， there's night。 There's hot。

 There's cold。 There's left。 There's right。 Everything in the universe has a cycle。

 So while things go good now， they will have obstacles。

 You're expression take take some money and save it for a rainy day。 That's where it comes from。

 right， obstacles。 So now you have obstacles coming up。

 I want you to get turned on by the idea of an obstacle。

 Just the idea of something coming up that's foreign something that you're not expecting。

 the idea of stepping slowly into the unknown， and you are not sure what exactly you're gonna face and you're not sure how you're gonna go about dealing with it。

 But you know that you will deal with it。 that's the idea of an obstacle。 Think of it。

 It's like the gym。 First go to the gym。 What do you got little 5 plastic weights。 Yeah。

 you pump those and your arms hurt a little bit。😊，But it's a good hurt， isn't it。

 It's a good hurt because you know that hurt means you're going to get better。

 You know that hurt means that you're going to come back next week and you're going to use a 7 pound weight。

Like a boss，7 pound weights， right？You know， that's gonna hurt。

 And you know that muscle is gonna to grow again。 You're gonna feel those growth pains。

 You're gonna say， I'm gonna come back now。 I'm gonna get 10 weights。 You come back again。

10 weights and so on and so on and so on。 You get better and better and better every single time。

 And what I want you to understand about that is that it happens。In reason， basically， in a reason。

 so I think our society is conditioned a lot you know based on studies I've seen in social development。

 you can see this as well and just looking around to your own eyes。

 it's a general understanding of that。We're in a society that tries to avoid obstacles。

 We're in a society that tries to just be comfortable。

 Everything in your life is designed to be comfortable。 Your iPhone。 why you get the new one。

 because the new one promises to be more comfortable， Siri， I don't have to type anymore。

 I picked up a pen and paper the other day。 I was damn near illiterate。 I couldn't barely write。

 Like like the physical motion of writing with a pen。 I was like， I can barely do it。

 Like how do I make cursive。 I can even do it。 I was like， that's kind of keyboard type all the time。

 Which is way faster。 Our society's condition to always make us feel more comfortable and to go towards comfort。

 Comt。 People are lazy。 We are， we are lazy in terms of just surviving。 The the more lazy we are。

 the better we survive。Ca we want to conserve energy to survive。

 So these obstacles aren't a bad thing， man。 These obstacles are a very， very good thing。

 I want to encourage you to not be afraid of them， but to jump into the head first。

The way I think of it is this。Either A， I love my A B comparisons。 if you haven't noticed right now。

 let's do one， for example。 So either one， you learn how to win。

 either you win or you learn how to win。 That's what I say。 Okay， I say with me。

 Either you win or you learn how to win。Because every obstacle you're not gonna fucking defeat him man。

 you're not gonna defeat that dragon the first time you go back and you do it。

 but you're gonna learn how to win because I get value from the idea that I'm learning。

 that turns me on my my idea of what success is， turns me on。 My idea。

 success is't overcoming obstacle that it's learning， okay。The other one I say is this。

 Number two is you have nothing to lose everything to learn。

 You have nothing to lose as long as you're learning something。 you're benefiting from it。 Okay。

 you're not losing， it's not a failure。 When you go do that approach， and you fail at it。

 You rejected。 Did you learn something great。 Contue。 You go do that business。

 You learn about success and systems， and you learn about profit margins， You learn about marketing。

 you learn about things that you can do differently next time。

 you can advise people even did you lose， no， you learn， I was talking about my buddy of mine。

 had a bit company， lose a million dollars a profit of valuation of a business。

 And then he's now huge Bitcoin like ambassador for a lot of other companies。

 He knows so much about it。 He also knows about fraud。 He knows nothing like that。You know。

 brandon Carter， to do like brandon Carter not to speak on a term here。

 but he's a guy who always talks about his dad committed suicide， and he's a choice。

You trees a choice there either he just。Loses on life。Which is what most people do at 12 years old。

 or you learn。You learn， just do something with it。

 right So those things are always going to face you。

 You know that life is gonna have those black and white squares， those black and white steps。

 You know， those black and white progressions， those good and bad off and on。

 And you got to learn from it you got to learn from it because otherwise。

 you'll feel meaningless and just feel like you're just a monkey on a fucking rock not what your' beliefs are you like a monkey on a fucking rock and what's it on mean。

 What's it all worth right the idea of learning from it and getting turned on by obstacles helps you to get through that and also have an upward progression。

Let's think about the different ways。 Okay， of dealing with obstacles。

 So let's first talk about financial obstacles。 What are some ways that you can deal with financial obstacles。

 well。Anything about this。If I had a financial obstacle。

First way I deal with it is by getting advice from others that have had financial situations。

 I'd read a lot of books about it things about Benjain Franklin or Misti。

 which I recommended the books for bosses I would surround myself with people who are financially independent。

 I'd learn about passive income。 I had develop a daily ritual where I would do finances for 20 minutes in my day before I leave my house as part of my waking up ritual。

I would be more careful， more cautious， not about what to spend。

 but just to know where I'm spending it， be more informed。 Every time I went to the bank machine。

 I would press that button that says， do you want to receipt。

 I wouldn' have just turned out a blind eye to would say。

 I don't want to know what my financial situation is。

 I'd actually read the receipt I'd be more conservative my spend it。

 maybe instead of taking regular Uber or taking Uber pool or take public transit and leave half an hour earlier。

 There's so many things to do that you could do。If you have obstacles financially， you can just。

Use these things to get you up in a better situation。 You can use these obstacles positively。

 Okay now let's talk a little bit about what are some health obstacles you can have or how you can deal with it。

 if you have health obstacles， you can look for people that have had the same situation。 go online。

 Google it， learn from others。 Try things。 You can try progressive medicine。

 which is like natural path， kind of know either Chinese herbs or natural kinds of medicine or you can try more pharmaceutical。

 Try both， learn from both。 You can might a little situations。

 You can surround yourself in environments that you can learn from。

 you can also try to fix your health through not just physical means， but also mental means。

 maybe spiritual means do help。 I don't know。 I really don't know， but you can try， you can learn。

 you can be progressive about it， right whatever obstacles you have， you can be open。

 to Try new things。And of course， with dating relationships， well， they say。

 if you do the same thing， get the same result。 So do something different。 try something different。

 Yeah， go out for a week instead of opening with words， open with。No words。

 go out for a week instead of always trying to like pull the girl that you meet。

 maybe you should like pull all of her friends， meet everybody。

 go out for a week instead of trying to always do girls for by themselves。

 try to talk to people in a mixed group， right。Be open to changing your environment。

 Be open to surrounding yourself with others that are better than you at game and better some that are not as good at you。

 be open to。Pursuing and paying money for a course if you've never paid before。

 Some of the best guys game that I know。 Okay， I can think of a few very。

 very advanced guys right now。 I know taking boot camps。

 They are currently calling me to take boot camps。 And they're pretty good。 theyrere really。

 really good。 And they're calling me for a boot camp。 And I'm like， okay， you're pretty good already。

 Just want to advance that， right， So it's only for people that are doing bad people that want to progressive into even better。

 So what I'm saying to you is this。 Every obstacle that you have to be progressive about it。

 put yourself in an environment where the obstacle then becomes a learning habit or a learning opportunity。

 and you can grow from that and get better from that。 That's what I want for you。 Okay。

 so I want you to think about that in your life right now。😊，Think about a financial area。

a health area and a personal area okay where you're having some obstacles and what are some ways that you can put yourself in an environment that will automatically help you overcome those obstacles most importantly。

 most， most， most， most importantly。You learn from them。 All right。

 So want to thank you very much for watching this。 You're going to do this， right。

 You're going to do this。 You're not just gonna watch me sit here because I'd be fucking pissed off if you just watch these videos and you didn't do shit。

 if you just SAT here and watch them and went back to your old ways。

 I'd be so piss off I come through the camera， I'd to come through your monitor or your computer screen。

 I'd ring your neck。 I be so pissed off and meet me in person。 I'd say， hey， did you do it。

 You say no， how to kick you out of my seminar。 I'm playing around。 I'm kind of serious。

 Alright So see you very soon again， back here again tomorrow。 I're gonna do this， keep crushing it。

 keep killing it and have faith in you and welcome to the new you。

