# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：高地位的肢体语言（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。The body language， what is body language， how does it help you in game。

 what does good body language look like， okay， what does good body language look like。

 how does it feel within your body when you're doing it？Okay。

 what are the advantages of having good body language。

 is it something that you should think about over and over again or stuff like that right so body language。

 body language is just the ability for the girl to know about you。Through your body。She looks at you。

 she sees your body。And she gets information about you， that's it， she looks at you， sees your body。

Information about you， it's a split second decision that she makes。

 it's a split second judgment she makes。Okay，She doesn't know you at all。

 but she makes that decision Now they see that communication。

 a lot of what we say as people is not verbal。 So they say 80% of communication is not verbal right a lot of pickup is emotional。

 it's not even verbal。 It's emotional You guys see it all the time right I told you guys before when I do an approach when I'm 100% engaged and I'm not committed right sorry 10% engaged but0% judgment I kind of just walk up。

Like that， you can tell my body is very loose and relaxed。

And that makes the girl very interested because she looks at me， she says。

From the way that Madison controls his body。I can tell what he's feeling on the inside and I can tell what he's thinking in his mind。

She can tell when she looks at me what I'm feeling and she can tell what I'm thinking。

 so she doesn't really care of whether my body is like this or I'm like this or I'm like like this。

Or I like this。She' she doesn't really care what I'm doing what she cares that it's like a window so she can see into my mind and she can see into my emotions。

 She wants to know who I am， like I said， right， I do character based pickup。So again。

 character based pickup is。Your character， what you're thinking， what you're feeling。

 what you're focusing on。That's what makes your pickup good， that's what makes your game good。

 it's not what you're saying。So this is very， very good because actually。On boot camp。

 sometimes we'll do something called the silent opener， you did it last night。

 or the silent opener is where you go out and you do approaches for 20 minutes。No words。Okay。

 no words， actually got this from Owen， so it'll be like zero words， it'll be like this。Oh。

Right so I said nothing there， but you can tell a lot about me as a person。

 even though there was no words。You can tell I'm funny。

 you can tell I don't take myself seriously but how loose my body is。

 you can tell I have a sense of humor。you can tell that。So a whole bunch of things。

I might even include the clip here where in hot seat， I showed you guys。

 I walk to a girl and do the wavy arms and she's like， I don't even know you， but you're really nice。

We trust you， we like you。makes absolutely no sense， but in a split second。

 she's looking at your body language to understand who you are。And the reason why it's so important。

Body language and the eyes as well， because she's also looking your eyes。

 The reason why it's so important because it's so hard to fake。It's so hard to fake。Zero judgment。

It's so hard to fake。Having no persona， you have to really let go of it。

 You have to let go of it for real。For the girl to be attracted to it。Okay。

Let's start talking about the eyes， the eyes are the first thing we'm going to start talking about body language。

 but before I do it that I'll talk about how' is body language useful。

 I think I kind of mentioned that。嗯。Who should study it， I think you all should study it。

 I think body language is useful for yourself when you're doing pickup。

 it's useful when you're doing self- development when you're at work and you want to give a presentation if you guys are in sales and if you guys are in sales I think body language is very useful for sales。

 it's useful for every situation that you can come across。

 not just when you' around strangers that you don't know。But also around people that you do know。

 it's good also for yourself。So catch this idea for a second。

 let me know if you guys can understand this。If you don't let me know， okay。

 body language isn't only for people to look at you and think you're cool。

 It's not so people only think you're cool。 It's also so you can change how you feel about yourself。

😊，Every single moment of the day。You're always sending signals to your brain。Okay。

 you're always talking to yourself whether you realize it or not。There's a voice in your head。

So what is your voice in your head sometimes say， I'm not cool。 I'm not。

 I don't have enough gel in my hair。 I'm not funny enough。 You know， I have a crooked tooth。

 I have skinny arms。 I'm fat。 whatever your， whatever your voice in your head says， okay。

But the voice in your head can say negative things。

But you can also make the voice in your head say positive things just focus on the positive。

 it gets even easier。When your body tells your brain positive things， so when I stand like this。

Right， automatically。Autoomatically there's more pressure on my back automatically I'm not。

Breathing full from my lungs。 Auto， I'm kind of looking at the floor。And for whatever reason。

 I just don't feel as positive anymore。It sends a signal to my brain about how I think about myself。

Versus if I'm standing up， my body is erect。My spine is straight up。 My sense of gravity is on the。

Back of my heels。Look my shoulders of back， I'， I'm now breathing in deeper。

I'm breathing into my stomach， naturally， not my chest。I feel a bit different about myself。

Look how I'm speaking。Look how I've slowed down。Look I'm speaking at my own rhythm now。

Because I'm enjoying the words coming out of my mouth。See， it sends a signal to my brain。

So the body language isn't just important for the girls or for people at work。

 so they think you are intelligent， smart， funny， confident for you。You program your brain。

 you talk to yourself about who you should be every moment of the day， every second of the day。

 So you're going to listen to yourself the most so you want to take your own advice of your body。

On top of that， your body always talks to you。 Your body is an amazing tool。 It always tells you。

What's good was bad。 It always tells you what's going right， What's going wrong。

 talks to you all the time。 Okay， so for example。If you notice sometimes that you're scratching。

 your beard a lot when you're incent。You're nervous or you're overthinking it。You have a twitch。

 you have a tick。Okay， that's your body talking to you。T to talk to your mind。

 Is that mind body connection。 If you notice every time you do an approach， you got。

Hands in your pockets， hands and your pockets， hands and your pockets。Okay， my body's talking to me。

 my body's telling me that。Hey， I'm a little nervous， Iint to do something with this nervousness。

 Iin to do something with this approach。We came soon the other day he said。Im nervous。

 I don't know what to say。What did I say？Walk up in。Tohe。I'm nervous， I don't know what to say。

Because at least that way you would be in harmony with your body。

 be in harmony with who you actually feel， walk up and be， hey， I'm nervous， I don't what to say。

That would be more honest， you guys feel the honesty when I say that。

So don't fight your body is what I'm saying， don't fight your body。Don't try to be against your body。

 Listen to what your body is telling you when you're in the club， if you're nervous， if it's tense。

 listen to where if you feel tense in your shoulders， your chest， if you feel tense in your neck。

 tells you a lot about yourself。 You have to listen to your body when I know when I'm very。

 very stressed out。 when I say stress， I don't mean nervous。 I mean， like I'm working very hard。

 So the past few weeks。 I was working on boss， you know a middle of a European tour right now。

 which is four cities in four weeks。 I just came back from doing five cities in two weeks。 New York。

 Toronto， Montreal， Boston。Washington and I don't know with a lot of cities， okay。

 and I was like this。From the pressure， from the tenseness， it was working hard。

 not sleeping properly。 And I almost got sick。 and my body， I a lot of tenseness here。

 And so what I do is I go for a massage because I need to relax my body。

Can' I go for massage with a really great sports therapist， I need to relax my body。And therefore。

 it relaxes my mind。They one is the same。 Take care of your body。 It'll take care of your mind。

 Take care of your mind。 It will take care of your body。 Okay， there's a harmony there。

 There's a harmony there。 So I think we cover the who， I think we covered the what。

I think we covered the why we covered the when not talk about the how Okay what I'm talking to you about is not just regular body language because you guys can go and pick up a book anywhere on body language。

 It's a great book。 I can't remember who's by。 It's like from like 1980s or 70s It's called body language really。

 really famous book I can pick that out anywhere。 I recommend you guys read that one。 Now。

 classic body language books will tell you stuff like this。 I'll talk about the basics。

 and they'll tell you about the high status body language。

 Okay classic body language books will tell you stuff like this。 When you see somebody。

 and they look up to either like the left corner or the right corner， it means one is they're lying。

 One is they're telling the truth。I don't really know too much about that。

 I don't believe that completely because sometimes I look up here and I'm trying to think of something creatively。

 so don't believe that stuff that much okay？And people will say，m。

 if somebody's twiling their thumbs， it either means that they're nervous or they're contemplating or they're unsure。

Maybe it's not 100%， no body language thing is 100%， okay？You'll read body language books。

 they'll tell you something like。When somebody is smiling， but they have a tense job。

 it means that they're not really happy like this。If you read body language books， it'll say。

 when somebody crosses their arms， it means either they're not emotionally open to hearing what you have to say。

 they don't want to listen to you， they're not ready， they're not sure about what you're saying。

 they don't believe it， or it means they're strong and they're happy and they're proud about what they're saying or what they're hearing。

Kind of like the Superman pose， either Superman pose or the police officers。

They're opposite it remains like happy。The officer like， no， no， no。喂。

They can say when somebody has their hands on their hips。

 either they're proud or they're judging when somebody has their hands and their pockets。

 it means either。They're confident。Or they're nervous。These are very， very subtle things。

 right again。You know， a typical body language teaches us that hands in pockets like this。Is nervous。

 hands and pockets like this is chill。 Now， does the thumb really make that much of a difference， No。

 it doesn't。 doesn't make that much of a difference at all。 Okay， I'll explain why in a bit now。

People usually say typical body language， traditional body language says somebody stands up like this。

It means they're nervous because they don't want to take up any space。

somebodybody has their feet apart。They're more relaxed。

 their sensitive of gravity is spread out and they're more confident about what they're saying or they're doing when somebody has somebody standing on one foot。

 it means that they're very relaxed and they're just enjoying the moment rather than how they look these are all like very traditional body language stuff as again I said。

 you can go on the internet， read about the stuff， pick it up， etc。But I want。

 I don't want to focus too much on that。 What I want to focus on is high status body language reach。

So I'm going to show it to you， I also probably get some people up here and give examples of demonstrations of high status body language。

 okay， so with that， I'll say that body language is not the tell all。Body language can lie to you。

 Okay， it can lie to you because I could approach him， for example， pretend he's a girler。

Just be a guy to be who you are。 Like like， I can have my hands in my pockets。

 I can have my shoulders shrug I could go。我操。Really nervous。Now this is horrible body language。

And I look like if traditionally， you say this guy's nervous， Madison's nervous， he's crouched。

He's talking low。He's whispering almost。You know， his shoulders are up， he's like my head is down。

 traditionally， this is bad body language。Bi。It didn't even show us bad by language because in RSD。

 we talk about a principle that the self is always coming through。

 Okay So you won't want to write that down。Write that down。🤧。

we say the self was always coming through。So what that means is。Even if your body language is bad。

 even if you do a bad approach， if internally you feel centered， if internally you're happy。

 you're having positive emotions， you're choosing to have positive thoughts。Then。

The approach will usually work。Okay， the approach will work。That's why in RSD。

 we say don't focus on the technique， focus on the concept， the concept。

 So you may have a guy that goes he wants to do backwards high five and he's like。

Doesn't work really， right， You're going have me go and do a high five like this。

You kind of don't wantan to do with you。 It feels like a gross。 It's kind like。

 Like you can feel me sucking your soul already。 I'm like judging myself。

 I'm like trying to take something from It like I'm sharing versus a high5。 when I'm just like。😊。

Right， that's more of a sharing vibe。 So it's not necessarily， again， what you do。

 It's the headspace it's coming from。 It's the feeling you have in yourself and what your intentions are。

 My intention is to make him feel good。 It will be good。

 My intention is for us to enjoy a conversation。 Natural， my body language is gonna be good。😊。

My intention is to turn her on a little bit。My conversation will be good。

 My intention is to not look stupid。 My body language is gonna be bad。

 So beyond the technique of what I'm gonna to teach you。

 I want you to focus on how you feel and what you're thinking on a moment to moment basis。

 You may say， Madison， you know， that's great， but I usually feel like shit。

 So you're not helping me。 Choose what to focus on。 You have to be decisive。

 cut off every other thoughts in your mind and focus on the thoughts that you want to have the most。

 whatever you focus on grows。 So focus on the thoughts that are helpful to you。

 I'm not saying you will not have bad thoughts or negative thoughts。 you will have negative thoughts。

Don't judge them。Acknowledge they're there。And focus on the ones that are helpful to you。

it's the same way like， for example， when you have to cram for a school exam。

 you you have a school test coming up and you have to really focus on it。

 you might say I want to go out my friends， they're all at the bar at the partying' like fuck it man God to do this exam and you just focus all if your energy and your attention on that exam or when you're like I'm really hungry。

 I want to go eat some ice cream fuck it， I to I' want to die。

 I'm trying to eat healthy focus all of my intent and energy on it That's what I do in a pickup by the way。

I， I， I'm very aware that there's other guys watching。 Usually there's like。

 usually like other guys watching the area。 guys who want to take the girl。 I'm aware of it。

 I'm aware that she has friends around her。 I'm aware that she's pretty。

 I'm aware that she probably doesn't date guys that look like this。😊，I'm aware of that， or Im like。

She's pretty， I want her， I want to meet her。Straight into it。

 straight into focusing on it when I go out， typically。So when I go out typically， I have。1。

2 or three students watching me。 I have a bunch of guys from the Internet who recognize me just follow me around。

 When I go to Toronto。 It was literally a cloud。 It was a cloud of。😊，I don't know。

 what would you say， Steps like six guys。 They just follow me from block to block to block to block back again。

 back again back again。 They like to watch。 They don't like to do any pickup themselves。

 They just like to watch。 Like it's like， it's like hot seat for free。 They just like to watch it。

 Plus， I have usually I have either Steph or another guy holding a camera。

 which is pressure because there's a camera And there's a microphone on me。😊。

And it's like thousands of dollars of gear。 Plus， there's gonna be 10000 guys on the Internet。

 at least sometimes going be 60 to 100000 guys on the Internet who are going to watch and go。

That's fake。I could do better。 That's a paid model。It's all eyes on me。

 but we' have to do that moment， block all of that out and focus on the connecting with the girl that's in front of me。

I'm literally mind fucking myself。Because because I could be concerned with all that。

 but I had to just focus on the girl， just connect with us in front of me。

 that's why I had you guys do the exercise where you look you do the eye contact。

For a few minutes because it helps you to just focus on the person in front of you。

 lower your defenses， lower your guard， be vulnerable and connect with the human in front of you Okay。

 when you're focused on that， you'll do a lot better。 high status body language。

 So high status body language to me， is the body language of the alpha males。

 the body language of all the cool kids。 I didn't have it originally。

 I had to learn it Like I literally have to study it and watch it， How did I learn this， Very simple。

 I went to clubs and I watched men。I peeped on them。

I watched him from the corner and licked my lips and watched those men， those sexy men。

 I watched the guys that were good with girls and I watched how they communicated with other dudes and I watched how they communicate with other girls。

 and I was like， ， this is interesting very， very interesting。

And I copied it and I put it into my personality。So the first。

 what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna start actually probably from the head and work my way down。

 That's what she said。 I'm gonna start from my head the head。

 It's good as this joke is funny in all languages good。 Even in German。

 I'm gonna start from the head and work my way down。 Okay。

 so the first thing I'll talk about is just my my face。😊。

The high status body language or high status face， okay people that are generally good with with girls。

 their faces are very tense。 talk about their eyes， first of all， okay。

 their eyes are ready to be awake。 I call it stars in the eyes。

 People are always looking at your eyes looking at your eyes to see what is going on in your internal world。

So if I'm judging myself。And I'm worried about what people think of me， and I'm worried about。

 is this approach going to go good？My eyes are kind of going to go like this。Do you guys see it。

 I'm going to try to do it right now， I'm on stage， the guys looking at me。

They paid money to be here， oh shit， it's kind of creep actually。

You guys see that to see how I kind of like retreated it into my mind for a second， it was like。

 I was here the moment with you that kind of went。There was like a wall， do you guys see that。

 you see it versus if I think？Hey， look at all these cool guys， man， this was really cool。

 human beings in front of me。nice。This are having fun， it looks pretty chill。

 but the notes taking notes， awesome。hu。Yeah。Do you see the difference in my eyes。

 It was almost like a I call it the stars in my eyes。 that's what I call the stars in your eyes。

 The stars in your eyes come purely from what you focus on。

Whatever you focus on creates that or takes it away the stars in your eyes coolol kids have this。

All the cool kids have this。If I showed you a picture of a baby， what does a baby look like？

if you you were walking into an elevator and there's a baby on the elevator。

 and the baby just stares at you for about five floors or six floors like that。You're like。

 why you're like， you look at the baby it's kind of weird。

 but then you kind of just like this baby's just staring at me for a long time。And anyway。

Then also start to feel good when the baby looks at you。Because the baby has no self baggage。

The baby has no story。I've been rejected all my four months of life。 Nobody's liked me。

 right when I was in high school， like the baby doesn't have this story that's telling itself with his mind。

 baby has no baggage。 So it makes the eyes pop， makes the eyes very expressive。 Okay。

 So when you walk up to a girl naturally， the first thing she's looking at is your eyes。

 That's why I you guys do the eye contact exercise。 The first things she looks at is your eyes。

 and see's how expressive your eyes are。 If your eyes are expressive， then she can connect with you。

 you're essentially tricking yourself to be a cool kid。

 One of the cool kids by what you focus on in that moment。

 You choose what you focus on in that moment， makes a huge difference。 Okay， it's one of it's not。

 it's probably the most important thing， if not the most important thing。

 because I can do the bad body language， like I said before。😊，What if like my eyes say this is funny？

Then the body language is not bad。 Okay， it's all in the eyes。 So the stars in the eyes。

 you want to focus on， you know， focus on the girl being attractive。

 Fo on the fact that you're just here to share。 Fo on that you're here to learn from every approach you do。

Don't focus on this girl being the girl that makes you okay in life。

 focus on that you want to be in a good state at the end of the night。

 focus on you're trying to learn through the week， focus on how you're out there just doing it。

There was a moment last night where I was at a club， the club Plaza and I was there and I was like。

 this's fucking club shit。 and I was like， wait a second。I'm in a club， just like the RD videos。

 I actually told myself that。 like， I'm in a club like the RD videos。 Wait， Im the RD guy。

 It was crazy。 And I was like， yeah， I remember like all the old videos all the old videos from Alex and all these other guys I was like。

 yeah， this is it。 This is crazy。 And I sort to get excited about it。

 And even as the top about right now， you can see my eyes start to light up a little bit。

 So all the cool kids， what they have in common is their psychology。

 Let me explain the cool kids psychology。😊，One day， I went to the park with my ex girlfriend， Okay。

 and I hung around her and I noticed something。 She was there with a bunch of her friends or friends of her friends。

 And these guys were all cool。 like six pack shirts off， tossing their frisbees around。

 One guy's like， yo， there was this bitch。 I had this threesome with。 It was crazy。

 He's like talking loud in the park。 I had this threesome with her。 It was crazy。

 did these little guys joy He's telling this to girls and everything。 There's this other girl。

 She's like， and then my dad wants to like send me here and like I don't know。 I like。

 we should go here after。 Yeah， yeah， I have my dad's credit card。 Let's go。 And I was like。😊。

What kind of world is this kind of bizarre world is this。 I have no dad。

 I don't have my dad's credit card。 I don't have a six pack。 I't。 I don't look Jack。

 I'm not handsome。 I'm not getting three somethings like left and right。

 I'm busy right Like I felt bad about myself。 Then I realized。These kids， okay。

 the reason why they're cool is because they have life tongue them good stuff all the time right。

 I'm jacked。 I look look at the guy in the magazine and I have the six pack。

 Therefore I can feel cool， Therefore my eyes can spark up because the world tells me I'm good enough。

Another thing is， you know the girl， she's like she goes down the street and five guys hit her up。

 she turns on her Instagram and she has 500 likes on her ass photo in her bikini， you know？

What else iss actually thiss a really funny photo。 I wantna show you guys。 actually。

 do I have it here， Let me， let me see if I have I like a screenshot of it today。 Anyways。

 it was a photo。😊，Then say it was a photo of a girl。And basically the girl has clothes on。

 and it's like 20 likes and she has like the same position but close off， it's like 500 likes。Okay。

 it was like a it was like a meme， basically。So the whole world's telling her she's pretty。

 The whole worlds telling her she's great。 She walks down to the club。 She gets validation。 You know。

 she goes online。 You guys give her validation。 she has her daddy's credit card。

 So she spends limit spends with no limit。 And so she just feels great because the world's telling her she's awesome。

 She doesn't have those thoughts。 Now as a guy。 You know，' a guy in this room。

 ass a guy watching the video。 Maybe You don't have that luxury of the world telling you that you're awesome。

😊，So you have to tell yourself that you're awesome based on your own standards。

 I'm awesome because I just fucking into the approach。 I'm awesome because I gave myself a chance。

 I'm awesome because。😊，It's hard I was scared to do this。

 but I'm taking a chance to step into the unknown。 taking a chance to be better。

 That's why I'm awesome。 I'm taking each step。 The fact that Ive taking the step makes me awesome。

 There's a lot of guys that wouldn't even be in this room。 They know they should be。

 but they're not here。 You guys invested into a program。 So be here and learn。

 That makes you fucking awesome。 You're on the path to getting better。 You're learning。

 that makes you awesome right， So when you walk to the girl。To have those stars in your eyes。

 It's not because you have the stars in your eyes It's not because the girl is gonna like you。

 You have the stars in your eyes because， you know， you're doing the right thing。 You know。

 you're taking action。 You're taking the right action。 You're taking the next action。

 You get the stars in your eyes because you feel like you're moving forward on that path。

You're making progress。 And even if you suck that night and you will have nights， you suck。

 at least you're learning from those nights。 Okay， so that's way you can relax。And have that。Now。

 I'm going to go into facial expressions。Theres two types of facial expressions。

 there's regular facial expressions， and there's micro expressions。

So regular facial expressions and microexial expressions， what kinds。Regular and micro。 Okay。

 very good。 So regular facial expression is like this， just like this， right。😊。

This is like me being this stupid silly expression。Okayay。A micro expressionpress is this。

Did you catch that， It's like a little small expression in between the facial expressions。

 It's kind it's strange。 So it's like。So it's funny because in facial expressions。

 the micro expression means more than the actual expression。That makes sense。

So Julian taught me this thing a long time ago， he called it the LA look okay and the LA look I love doing it。

 so regular regulars look like you're impressed by somebody just this and up。Down， smile， See up。

Smile the LA look is this。I'll do it again over here。Right。

 it's the little expression in between it says it all。 The L look is like， I see you。

 I'm not impressed， but I'm pretend that I am。 I see you。 I don't like what I see。 I'm grossed out。

 I'm pretend that I like you right， the L look because everybody does an L like thisre just smiling like this they fucking hate your guts。

😊，That's L A。So they're very insincere， which it's actually very different， I think。

 from Zurich culture here。The girls here don't really do that very much。

 I haven't seen anything like that at all。 except for L A and Miami and some other major cities in North America。

 So the L A， look， now， facial expressions are so important in your in your communication。

 facial expressions can make it or break it。 like eye contact and face are the most important things。

 Okay， facial expressions tell a lot。 You need to have a dynamic face。😊，A dynamic face。

 What does that mean when I say dynamic face， okay。

 dynamic face means that your face tells a lot about the words you're saying。That makes sense。

 your face says a lot。 sorry， your face says a lot about the words you're saying。

 so I can do like this。 I can go， hey， oh I can go， hey。Or I can go。Hey， where I can go？Hey。

Where I can go。Hey， or I can go， hey， where I can go。Hey， or I can go。A。Hey， where I can go。 Hey。

 where I can go。I don'， I'm running。 I'm running out a facial expressions。 Like what else I do。

 But every time I say it， it means something different is my face， the girl's reading my face again。

 right' read my face。 She's trying to。 she's women are always looking at the sub communications。

 So not looking at what you say。😊，Looking at the meaning behind what you say saying。

 not looking at necessarily what you do， but the meaning behind what you do。

 that's what makes a difference。And dynamic face。 Okay， I showed you silent openers before， right。

 I showed you like。Right。The face looks expression it's almost like pitch like Jim Cary。

 but less extreme。 So a lot of guys have depending on the culture you're from。

 your face might be static right if you're from， let's say。

 maybe a Russian culture or a Middle Eastern culture。 The tradition is men are strong。

Men don't show emotion。I have guys with that on boot camp。

It's called three days of learninging to smile。ふ是ふ。I say smile， they go， I am smiling。な。And go like。

 we actually go up to them and go like this in the boot camp， their face hurts。 Is like。

And her smile looks really uncomfortable over the first few days like this。

Looks like they have gas like they're about the shit。

It's so hard from the smile because they're not used to it okay they're not used to that kind of look on their face yet。

 it takes practice to get used to it because essentially their mentalities are controlling their face right socially in my culture I have to be as tough as to their brain says so it controls their face。

😊，You want to have your face be loose and dynamic， you want to have your face。

 let not be like Jim Carey， we want to have it be dynamic， you want to have expression in your face。

 you want to be able to talk without using your face。

I'll probably have you guys do an exercise where I want you to have a communication about your trip over here。

 just using your face。Right。Imagine them。Imagine I want to tell you how good this coffee was I'm going to try。

 could be very bad I've never done before， but I'll tell you， okay， just face。I'm like。

 oh coffee was interesting， I was tired and I had some， I was strong， I was ready to go， all face。

So especially in a dark club， this is super fucking， important in a dark club。

 super important on the dance floor， on the dance floor， she can't even fucking hear you。

 She can't hear you on the dance floor， and then you go try to have a conversation。She's like。

 she's like dancing with her friends。 I took a pill and a bees And you're like， hey so I just。

 you know， I just， I don't like， I don't really like dancing but I'm gonna dance next to you anyways。

 cause I don't know what to do。 this feels weird， but I don't know what to do next。

 So bla bla b bla bla bla b b bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla blalala， look she's leaving。😊。

Mmhmm。Facial expression， you could have had the same conversation on the dance floor。

 which is facial expression。On the dance floor， you go in， say a couple of words， bounce out。

Communicate with facial expression。 Look at it in the eyes。Talk a little more。Out facial expression。

I say。Like 80% of my dance floor games facial expressions。80% of it。So get in control of your face。

 I used to working in photography in fashion a lot and in fashion and photography。

 They would say that models have to learn to control their face。 Some models would have a really。

 really ugly face。 They like the weird model learning facer。 I don't know the fuck call it。

 The models like。😊，Like she just petrified of the camera， even when I'm learning to videos。

That learn to control my face。Hey， what's up， this is Madison in Real social dynamicss。

 I want to thank you so much for joining me in this video， and I welcome you for being here today。

 It's great that you're here。 I've so much want to share with you And congratulations for taking the first step I had to learn that on a camera it's weird。

 a camera's anatimate object。 It gives you like nothing back。 We have to learn that。

 I have to learn the feeling of my face。 I have to learn like。😊，My jaw site I had to learn my。Right。

 I have to learn my。This is I had to learn my faces squished up。

 I had to learn what my nervous expressions were。I had to wash myself in the mirror。

I had to learn eyelids eyelid control so even when you're the photographers when you're taking pictures of models to say what they want you to do is raise your lower eyelids。

 this takes practice by the， not be very good at it myself。

 but I'll try it So the raising the lower eyelids is almost like a sexy look that the models do through the camera。

I'll try to do it here。Wei。It's hard to do with the light in my face。

You kind of see it there for a second。Really sexy。Thank you。 Thank you， Thank you。

 But that's that's a piercing look， right， It's like a piercing， sincere look。

 modelss have to learn that because they have to be able to fake sexy when there's 20 guys watching them on a set。

😊，Yeah， so practice getting your practice in front of the mirror to be perfectly honest。

 practice for of the mirror。 The expressions of your face。 Try different expressions。

 If you don't know what those expressions are， it's a great website that Jeffy recommended camera words it's called like expressions of the eyes and face。

 It has like 36 expressions。 And you can go look at what those expressions mean to get more familiar with it。

 Also， knowing your own facial expressions will help you have empathy with what other people are feeling So you could say this girl's happy。

 This girl's sad。 This girl's nervous。 You'll know when the girlss like。😊。

She's about to go to the bathroom。You know what she's like。

She's about to tell her friend they have to move away。

 you'll be able to see it happen because you'd be familiar with faces， okay。嗯。Al right， next。

 let's talk about head， the head， not giving head or getting habit head， okay。Typically。

 when you talk to somebody， you want to have your head conscious。Up like this。

We've got just a slight slight up。Slightly up。Or to the side， kind of like a pondering to the side。

I like that。And， there。Like this。Ha。Okay。You don't want to have it down。You don't want to slouch it。

Again， think of straight lines， think of a pole， like a broomstick going up your ass。Into your spine。

不是。kind like that。Think about it that way。And then when you talk to a girl。

It's going to be very interesting。 Okay， I'm probably going to need to volunteer。

 Can I use Can I get a volunteer somebody around my heights。Typically when a girl is talking to you。

 you have two options。 All right， your first option is look directly at her and square up。Like that。

That's first option option A， and then option B is like I told you kind of just like this。

That's option B。 Op C is don't look at her at all， which she's talking for every once in a while。

 How do I say it again。 I'll say it properly。Look at her and disengage when she's trying to qualify herself。

 So tell me about your trip。 Tell me like， tell me about your trip to Montreal。

 Just tell me about that。 My trip to Montreal was really amazing。

 I was like on the flight over there。 And yeah， got lost in customs again。 lost my back。

 really awesome。😊，嗯。So yeah， that's cool trip to Montreal。 And yeah， once I got there。

 I was like going on a trip to Montreal。 pretty good。😊。

Do you guys see how I'm engaged them in kind of ignoring him at the same time？

RightIt's like almost like the feeling you have when you walk up to a stunning girl and you're like。

 so where are you from and she's talks to you but she's kind of like not listening to you she's kind of looking away like I over exaggerated it here so you guys can see it usually you do about half of what I just did You just kind of look around。

Like you're looking off at the distance， which you're still kind of listening as they explain about themselves。

 what do you do here， That's cool？Alright， like， I can't even do it this way。 Where are you from。

Amsterdam， that's cool。 I haven't been there yet， but I heard。

Where you good city How long have you been there for。Six months。Right， right， right。嗯。

That's interesting。It is。I know I just said that。嗯。H。Anything else you want to me to answeram？

No no rush， no pressure， by the way， pressure。Co ahead。Do you see what I'm doing？You see it。

 it's very， very subtle when I'm creating a gap。I'm creating a vacuum like a space for him to。

Start talking and qualifying。Because sometimes you walk up to a girl。And you're like。

So where are you from？And you wait to see like you're waiting for them to throw the ball back。

 where are you from？steram he to say it， well you're waiting for them to respond to you。

 so rather than wait them it's like， oh， hey where are you from？YouKind of just throw it out there。

Oh， what's going on。Yeah， that's cool。you're not waiting for the response。

 the fact is if you even wait for the response， you are reactive。Right， so in a conversation。

 this is the old R C principle。 In a conversation that you're either one or two people。

Your person is being reactive。The person is being proactive。

Reactive to the person's reacting everything else。 Pro is want to just taking action。

 You want to just take action， take action and not wait for her When I go to a girl。

 I'm almost talking to myself in a way。 I'm like， oh， hey， yeah， that's cool。 I'm having fun。

 And the girls just the soundboard for the conversation。 Okay， But again， it's just body language。

 Like I can do the same thing we just do right now with no words。 It's all body language。

 It's all head angled。 It's all we' my gaze as focused because it's all stars in my eyes。

 That's what it is。 Okay， Now another thing。 I'd say。😊，We can talk to a girl。You have a few options。

 you have those options， and we talked to a dude， you know it' a lot of high status dudes。

 I don't know if it's like a cultural thing， but a lot of high status dudes will touch other dudes when they're talking to them。

A lot other high size you'd be like， yeah like that。 And like's crazy bro。 Yeah， yeah， like that。

 you knows that。 It's kind of I don' it' weird because I touch you on your neck。

 But you'll notice that you go to a club。 You see a lot of the promoter dudes or guys are friends of the owner or a lot of guys like the jock guys kind just put their hands here And talk to a dude like this。

 You notice that they'll do that。 when I'm talking to a girl。

 I'll typically boss her around Like she say you're the girl standing like this。😊。

And I want to talk to him like after I started a conversation with her。

 I'll typically just kind of go like that。Focus， there we go， there we go。I'll literally do that。

 I'll kind of position her on her traps。 It's that whole daddy daughter frame。

 When you see a  Hawk girl you don't want to do just boss her around a little bit not like。

But can turn bit。 not like that。 but just a little bit， little bit of bossssing around。 Okay。

 not being afraid to put your hands on her just to maneuver it。

 So she's squaring off you that you have a conversation where you're not just trying to get it because a lot of times。

You'll have a girl who's like turn like this。 girl is kind of stand like that。

 And you engage and you're like， bla bla bla bla bla bla b bla bla b bla。

 your to go the fuck do I say next， b bla bla bla bla b， she's not reacting to me。

 And then you start reacting to her in your b b say something funny b something say say a egg shit。😊。

Competence crash right， See they easily go， oh hey。Two seconds here there we go。

 eye contact very good T， how's it going？That's easier to do that Okay these are like little little tricks that I ever really discussed in my game。

 but I do them all the time that make a huge difference all right。Next thing。

 let's talk about shoulders。 Okay， Shoulds are very， very basic。

 Shoulders kind of just fall into whatever else you're doing。

 Shoulders should always kind of be down。 Try to avoid them being slouched up。

 Any kind of tension here。 kind of try to have them down very often。 Now。

 shoulders naturally attached to arms。 Where should your arms be。 Well。

 he said this buddy of mind named Alex。 And he got this from somewhere。

 I don't where you got it from。 But he kind of was always like。The spread eagle， you know。

 I call it sub sweet， He'd walk up through a girl just kind of talk like this and stand like this。

And this worked for a while until it became a stick until it became like a thing he always did。

 you know， a stick， he just would always walk up to the girl and do this。That's right。 Oh。

 where are you from， Okay， And it was kind of cool at first for the buyerlar dynamic。

 But then kind of became a thing。 But always put your hands in your hips so you don't know what to do with them。

 I would avoid hands in your pockets。 Sometimes on boot camp will tell the student to go to the bathroom get toilet paper and shove his pockets full of toilet paper。

 So he cannot put his hands in his pockets anymore。 Hand in the hips are really cool。😊。

A lot of guys do this， don't do this nervousness thing。

 just avoid it completely with your hands and your arms。

 you can do this if you feel comfortable with it little if you're just like asking questions and talking。

Some guys will do this。 right， That's fine。 Don't play with your hair too much。

 If you are gonna play with your hair， it's kind of like， you can do like the Greg O Gallagher。

 which is kind of just like。😊，Veryrety nicech a lot， you do the little hairbrush。All right。

 pretty chill。I think the arms should be used for expressiveness。

 You want to try to avoid keeping them down as much as possible。

 You want to express yourself with your as much possible。

 The reason for that is typically if you are a comfortable person。

 you will use your body to take up space's all it means because the girls looking at your subcommunication He's confident So he uses his body to take up space。

 He's confident So he uses his voice to take up space。 He's confident So he takes up space。

 What does that mean， It means that in the future。 something happens，' gonna be able to protect me。

 if the fight breaks out， he's gonna be able to step up and handle it。

 He's gonna be able to address all concerns that might have。

 it's a good sign of who you are as a person when you're taking up space。

 So don't be afraid to take up some space with your hands your arms， etc。

 I won't get into physical game。Like hand holding and all that kind of stuff because I think there's a lot of that that I have in bosss already。

 so I won't get too much into that now。Let's talk about。Fingerers even。

 Fing is very interesting to me。 I think you could tell a lot about person， a person。

 by the way they use their fingers。 They use their fingers to make a point， right。

 So you even look at Donald Trump。 He's always kind of talking like this like this。

 get a politician like Bill Clinton， always talking like this。 The fist he's making a point right。

 myself， I think I do a lot of this sometimes I think I do a lot of this sometimes I'm trying to make a point。

 What else do I do a lot。😊，I have no idea what I do a lot， but I do a lot of hand motions， right。

 hand gestures because you tell a lot about somebody from their hands from what they do， right。

 They're nervous。 They're gonna use no expression in their hands at all。 They're just kind of like。

Like this or like this kind of， but the more free you are with your hands and your fingers and your expressiveness of your hands。

 the more you animate the story you're telling， the more she's gonna say this is a guy who's at one of himself is that piece of himself He's kind of comfortable。

 Is that a question， Okay， cool。So it' going to tell he's a guy that's more comfortable with himself。

 and he's at piece with himself。Let's talk about。Sitting， talk about sitting。

 they'll talk about standing for a bit， okay。So actually， before I do that。

 I want talk about handshakes， sorry， handshakes。 So are a lot of different ways to shake hands。

 Can I get a volunteer。Thanks， round of applause。I'm gonna have you on this side。 I'm right handed。

 Allright， so let's talk about the handshake。 This is great for girls。 Its also in business meetings。

 etc cetera。 Okay， so the handshake。 Handshake is very， very important。

 Typ I find when I shake a girl's hand right and pretend he's the girl and she wants to go on top。

 I usually find the girls very aggressive she's usually a little bit dominating or she's like。😊。

Asserted， a little over asserterted like I work in an office full of men， I actually ask that。

 do you work in an office full of men， are you a lawyer。

 do for the government because she's trying to like get that superior position， right？

If I shake a girl's hand and their hand goes on the top， it's just like， hey， equal。 in the middle。

 It's okay。 You don't have to be strong all the time。 right， It's like that。Also。

 let's say you're meeting somebody' a couple ways to shake their hand。

 So you don't want to go in the power grip and dominating。 It's about dominating。

 It's about being a little bit firm and just kind of making the eye connection。

 That's more important than winning the handshake。 It's not a competition。

 There a couple handshakes you can do。 There's two sincere handshakes。 Okay， I'll do this for a girl。

 too， Two sincere handshake。 It's the first sincere handshake。 It's kind of like the handshake cup。

Okay， two hands， just very gently holding the other one， or it's the back of the elbow。

 which is a little bit personal， you might not want to do it for a business situation， okay。

 back of the elbow。And nice to meet you。是的。😊，These are ways to kind of like connect more so the handshake is not just the handshake。

 The handshake is a statement of your personality。 So the person says， oh。

 this is an interesting handshake。 This person wants to meet me because a lot of times you meet the girl in the club。

 you meet her or her friends。 This is Sarah。 This is Jessica。 This is Jamie。 Oh， hey， hey hey， hey。

 Anyways， we're taking her to the bathroom。 just leave right。 We're taking her to the bathroom。

 This is a way of presenting a little bit more personality in the handshake。 Thank you very much。

 appreciate it。😊，Okay， let's talk about。Sitting now， So sitting。

 I think sitting is one of the most interesting things ever。

 because the way you sit tells a lot about your personality。 Okay。

 the way you sit just basically means how comfortable you are with yourself。 So typically， you know。

 the first level of sitting。 if you just kind of sit badly。

 The first level of sitting is kind of just sitting with your legs like not close。

 but a little bit further than I guess shoulder with and just feet flat on the floor。 Okay。

 that's like the first level of sitting。 Now， if you're sitting in the chair， you can sit like this。

 Or if you're kind of leaning over you can kind of sit like that。 typically just very， very chill。😊。

Now， I think from a， from a， they call it like the hunter gatherer standpoint or like evolutionary psychology。

 they say that it just means this is an alpha male。

 His balls are exposed and he's ready for whatever。 like， but my balls are exposed。

 So I'm comfortable。 I'm ready to handle whatever happens to my balls。😊。

If something attached my balls， I'm ready to strangle it， cut its throat。This is bait。

 I'm baiting you。Biting with my balls， right， I think thats that's the psychological。

 the historical reason there， but。Yeah， this is kind of like how a guy would generally sit now。

Take it to our next level， right we're in Europe， of course。The more classy。

 the more elegant the guy is， he'll tend to typically cross his legs。

 which is kind of funny because crossing your legs is a feminine gesture。

 Crossing legs like this kind of feminine a little bit， right。

 Crossing legs like this is feminine a little bit。😊，Or crossing legs like this is kind of feminine。

But for a high status mail。It makes no difference for a high status meal。

 what it communicates is that he is so comfortable in who he is and what he's doing that he can sit however the fuck he wants。

So it ultimately depends on how comfortable you are with it。

 but it signals to the girl that you can sit how the fuck you want and you have the status to be able to do that。

 typicallyyp go watch a lot of movies， watch movies with bankers， watch movies with CEOs。

 watch key keynote speeches by CEOs。 They usually all sit with their legs crossed watch James Bond。

 James Bond like this。Like he's a thug， he response it like this。Gs once it like that。Right。

It's a very， very low。 It's a very， very small communication， self communication。

 But it basically says， I'm comfortable with myself。 You can look at me。

 and you can judge me and think that I'm feminine， but I know I can back it up。

 I know I got the goods to back it up。 I know that I'm comfortable enough to back it up at the end of the day。

 So that's what this means， okay。😊，嗯。So yeah， legs are pretty interesting。

I think legs are one of the most telling things when it comes to body language。

 not just when you're sitting， but also when you're standing。 it means a lot。

 It means a lot about how you feel about yourself。 And people are always looking at you and kind of。

Pinging you， pinging you and looking at say， how how comfortable will this person feel in their。

 in their their own skin when they're sitting down now。That's sitting。 When I have a girl with me。

 typicallyy I'll， she's sitting beside me。 I'll take her hand and put her hand on my knee。

 Kind just leave it there for a second。Or even when I go to eat at dinner。

 I'll kind of like I'll over exaggerate it。 I got this kind of from Owen。

 I kind of over exaggerate like this。 I was completely just like flpped to the side。 You know。

 just in just because this kind of body language means I just enjoy the conversation more than I look。

😊，Any kind of any body language that says you enjoy the interaction with the person， with the girl。

 it means you enjoy this conversation you're having。

 you care more about the topics and feeling together and relating to them as a human being。

 anytime you can do that in your body language， it helps because it says to the other person。

He doesn't care about how he looks。 He cares more about。The feeling。Of the moment right now。嗯。

Let's talk about things in the hand。 So this is very， very old school， very， very old school。

 they would say if you had a cup in your hand or a glass in your hand and you kind of just like I can't do right here if you was this was a table and you're like playing with the rim。

It's like it means you're thinking， it means it's seductive。 It's like very， very old school。

They would say that if you had。I don't know， my phone， maybe。My phone， maybe。

Right if you have any kind of object in your hand and you're not kind of just playing with it。

 kind of just fiddling with it， not in a nervous way， but in a very calm relaxed way。

 it shows that you're interested， but you're detached to the conversation that's happening so you're interested but you're not overobsesed with what the girl's thinking about right or what she's talking about you're not too concerned about yourself and how you look but you're still。

You still care about what's happening。 It's kind of funny。 If you watch Oceans 11。

 Oceans 12 and Oceans 13。 You see Brad Pit， he has amazing body language。 By the way， Brad Pitt。

 he's always eating in every scene。 You guys are no saying he plays a character called Rusty and every scene he's eating。

 He's like even during business meetings。 He like， oh yeah。

 little like spitting food out as he's talking And it's important scene because it means that he cares。

 but yet， he's not worried about making an impression。😊。

That's kind of like the underlying subcommunication of good by languages。

 You don't care about making an impression and you care so little that it means that you must be of value。

 You must be of status， okay。Let's talk about standing。

 typically when you go to a club or a bar area， there's a few ways to stand， right？

Imagine this is like kind of like just like a little pillar or a table。

 It's kind of like the regular way to stand where you play with your body weight。

 A guy that stands very comfortably is gonna play with the idea of his body weight。 Very key， very。

 very， very clutch Major lesson are there playing with your body weight。

 A guy who's not comfortable is just gonna to stand like this。

 And he can't even feel his body weight。 You want to get used to feeling。

Your weight transfer from each foot when you step。Even if you do there's something called the walkinging meditation where。

You do like this and you literally feel the transfer of your weight from your front foot。

So your' back foot， you get comfortable with the idea of feeling your way because when you're nervous。

 right， when you're anxious you like you're up in your chest。

 you can't even feel your body way you're like。You can't feel it when you're more relaxed。

 you can feel the shifting， see the shifting。Of your body weight。

 So it naturally means you're more into your body。 you're more relaxed， you're。

You're able also to be sensual。 you're able to have sex， you're able to get into your body。 You know。

 whenever a guy can't get a heart on like， you know。

 I've experienced this maybe like a few times in my life or I couldn't get a heart on I with a beautiful。

 beautiful， beautiful， stunning girl。And I can't get hard。

 What's the reason I'm saying this might be my only chance。Maybe she doesn't like me。

 I have to execute this game perfectly。 or else， I can't get her。 She's gonna to leave。

 Maybe she's not that into me。 She's gonna realize that I want her。

 and maybe she doesn't want me like， oh， I'm so into my head that the blood doesn't circulate my dick。

That's what happens when you can't get a heart on。When you could stand like this。

 it shows that you're at one with your body and you're not in your head。

 you're able to even fill your body weight and be comfortable with your body weight you'll notice when we're giving RSD speeches。

 a lot of times we'll kind of just like kind like this。

 we're kind of shifting our body weight back and forth and we're doing this because we want to get out of our heads and into our bodies to help us be into the moment。

 get a rhythm going in our presentation。So that's standing。

You can also do like when I'm at a bar it's kind of hard to demonstrate here but when I'm at a bar。

 typically one of the moves I'll do is I'll meet a girl and I'll drag her to the actual bar where there's drinks And also a lot of the high status guys kind of just like lean on the bar like that they kind of just do this or do this and they kind of lean put their body weight on the bar as well and look to the girl at the girl square up。

 I mean， you can also like lean against the bar or is the bar here。

 you lock in kind of put your hands on her waist or her hands like fingerclasp。Talk to her like this。

That works， too。Like that， I find the， you know， on the bar leaning and locking in。

 having a conversation works a lot better for that kind of。That kind of a thing。嗯。

Some guys do the whole lean on the pool， like lean on the pool， lean on the wall， this is okay。

 it's a little over the top。I wouldn't necessarily do it's a little too much like。

 look how comfortable I am kind of a thing。 right， Like， it's too excessive。

 You don't have to do that。 You don't have to go so overboard with it。

 A lot of times when I'm also talking to a girl， I will use my back。 I will use my back as a tool。

 So back in the old school days， they would say， you know， they call the back turn。

 So the camera is the girl， they would say just kind of like like this or what say wow。😊。

Like that kind of just showed you know， I just said， or you're not so attached to the conversation。

I use my back a lot， I use my back in。Just what I'm waiting。You know。

 it's like she's talking to a friend， I might engage a friend for a bit and kind of turn around for a bit。

And then turned back because I want her to know that I'm okay with standing in her presence。

 standing in her bubble without her without me always needing her to say something without me always feeling the need to say something。

 So its both give and take So those are the basics of high status， body language。

 You guys have any questions about that。 I'm happy to answer any questions you might have。

 His question was， when do I do this， I do this all the way through。

 It's also very important when you go back to the house and you're with her。

 when you're back at the house and you're alone， You know。

 typically I'll sit on the corner of the bed or I'll sit on the couch like's over here。

 just chat to her for a bit。 and I'll give her some space。 and she's three or  four feet away。

 And I'm just talking to her for a bit。 because I want her to know that I'm comfortable enough。

With myself that I'm not going to make a move on her and strike when she's not when she's not ready yet。

 I have， I'm comfortable enough to I'm okay with。Not pursuing her。 So to the point， she says， no。

 I'm showing I have balance。 I'm showing I have some sort of restraint， right， She knows I。

 she knows already。 I can kiss her。 She knows already that I'm a guy that makes moves because in the pickup。

 I would have like lifted her up。 I would have finger class。 I would have kissed on her neck。

 And I kind of leaned back and give some space。So body。

 the thing with body language is it's in and out game， you're not always in。You're in。

And sometimes you're out， sometimes you're in。Okayay。Sometimes you're out。Sometimes you're in。

So you're out。You're always playing with the space of you and the girl so it's like you have a space。

That's yours。There's a space in the middle that you both share。Then she has a space。 that's hers。

 Sometimes you walk into it， sometimes you step out， sometimes you walk into it。

 sometimes you step out， and you also leave the chance for her to step into it as well。Okay。

 makes sense。 Very good question。 So this question was， you know。

When a woman a woman appreciates the fact that you give her your full undivided attention。

That is absolutely true。 They do appreciate that they can have your full undivided attention。

But the truth is， they don't want it all the time。They want it for a moment。

 but they also want to know that they can lose your attention。

 They also want to know that they can fuck up because if I give you my attention， 100% for an hour。

 I just stare you like this。😡，Present。Present， I mean then now， I could steer you like this forever。

 I really could。 I， I really don't cause the camera on。 I could just stare it like this forever。

Eventually， you know， if you were a girl， you'd say to yourself。

 I could fuck this guy if I wanted to。 Theres no challenge in this for me。 There's no fun in this。

 I know exactly how this happened。 I'm bring him over to my house。 And if I say， okay。

 he's going to say， yep。So there's no game in it anymore。

Game spik in for emotions isn't just positive emotions。 It's positive and negative。

 It's that full range of emotions， right， So it's in。😊，Something else is interesting。 what？Oh， sorry。

 I bet。Proceedive， continue。Absolutely。Right， it's。

 it's the in and the out that creates that full range of emotion。

 She needs both of them in order to feel attracted。

 She feels attracted to you based on how you make her feel。 This makes her feel good。😊。

5 or 10 minutes。But after it gets boring， the novelty of this wear is off。

 it's like when you get a new iPhone 6， what's a new iPhone， iPhone 7？IPhone 7。

 Any have the iPhone 7。You have it， was it cool for about two or three weeks？Now。

 now it's kind of like， oh yeah， what， you had it since yesterday or you got it。 Okay。

 you already had yesterday。Yes yesterday it。 Oh， yes came。 Okay， So from what I've heard。

 you have the iPhone 7 for about a week or two。The excitement of it wears off。He was like， oh。Okay。

 I got it。You were pretty excited about those shoes when you got them。

 Do you love them as much as when you got them the first day， The first first day， the words off。

 So this is exciting to a girl。😊，And then it gets boring。 It wears off。

 you have to keep a little bit unexpected。 so she doesn't know what's next。

No problem His question is。On a date， what do you do for body language？Never， ever， ever， ever， ever。

 ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever。

 ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever。 how often never， ever sit at a table during a day。

Table because a table is a big piece of wood that is a block and it stops your communication。Okay。

 what I will always do is sit at a bar stool。 I'll sit at this。 Like I'm at a bar。

 like here's the bar。 Okay， I'm like this， at a bar stool。

 She's like this at our bar stool or our knees our knees will touch That way if want to touch her on our knee。

 I'm here。 arm'm around her huger for a second。 We're here。 We can have that physical relation。

 We can have that physical communication。 The table kills it。

 The table kills the energy in the middle。 So I'll never sit at the。

 America table two don't I do that you from South America。 Okay。

I never saw it before and it was like Yeah， even if I go for a dinner， if I go for a dinner。

 I'll sit on the same side as the girl on the table。 Yeah， I do that。

 Yeah because I just realized that every other time I ended up just sitting across from her and paying for a meal。

And then she said thank you。 And there was time to go。 She's like， actually。

 I'm just gonna go home and I was like， what， So I just stopped doing that。 Okay。

 I just avoided doing that because it didn't help in any way， shape or form。

