# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：45 言语游戏 — 王国声明 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。This is new technology right here， okay？Brand new ship， this is my magnum opus。 all right。

 here we go。Statements of kingdomship。All right， write that down。Statements of kingdomship。

Or statements of kingdom。It's where magnum opens right here。 This is the shit。This is the shit。

If there's one thing that I had to contribute that it changed all of my game and my style。

 it's this one thing okay and I've never said this publicly before。

 This is the thing that takes you from getting okay results to really good results。

 This is the thing that takes you from getting like like having all these internal beliefs but how the fuck do you express them。

 This is it all right。😡，Statement of kingdomship is this。As a young guy。Manning your prime。

Developing yourself here in a seminar， travel all the way from Vegas， some people from Melbourne。

 some people from Perth， some people from Amsterdam， Rotterdam， Finland， Canada。

 right made a decision， you are here， you've made a decision to work on yourself。

This is your fucking kingdom。This is your kingdom。No matter what condition it's in。

 it's a work in progress。 the fact that you're a work in progress is good enough。You don't try to。

Have perfection and then arrive。 You just are a work in progress， and that's good enough。 All right。

 So imagine this。How many of you guys would want to be a RSD instructor？Okay， cool。

 How many you guys would feel like， keep those hands up， by the way， keep the hands up。 Okay。

 hands still up So like maybe 10 people， either the 10 people that are here。 How many of you guys。

Keep your hands up。Would it feel like you arrived if you were an RSD instructor， keep your hands up？

You would feel like you were arrived。Like you made it if you' were an RC instructor。Okay。Okay。

 so the guy in the back could you just shout out the reason why？

Why would you feel like you arrived if you were R asD instructor？Okay， cool。What about you？

There was somebody else I think in the back or there。Yeah， and the white shirt， you had your hand up。

 were you stretching？Okay， if you don't know who it was， it wasn't you then， okay。

 so his answer was he would feel like you would have arrived if he was an RSD instructor because he would be happy。

 would have achieved it， da da da， et cetera。Do you want to hear a crazy fucking answer？

That moment never comes。Never comes， this imaginary moment you have in your mind never actually comes。

When I was on stage of Vegas last year， I didn't even know as an instructor。

 it was on stage of Vegas and like the NickC runs up， he's like，By the way。

 if you want to do a Madison boot camp sign up now， I'm like， oh， I guess I'm an instructor。

 that moment， that feeling never comes， okay？I was yesterday I was driving you guys。

 heres my Snapchat， by the way， My Snchat。 Okay， My Snapchat was Madison de God and Madison D A G OD。

 Okay， on mynapchat， you guys saw me， I was driving around the slingshot which is kind of like a open roof kind of like motorcycle threewel badass thing driving around in the slingshot。

 The slingshot by the way， we rented it It really cheap。 It's like not that much for the week。

 really cheap。 got the slingshot here while in Vegas。 It's a lot of fun love experience。

 I enjoy the experience。 I enjoy the roof， I enjoy like the tourrque。 all that shit right。

 It's amazing。 really fun。 It's enjoyable。 And I shared my assistants。

 have my assistants drive the slingshot They're driving around town。

 like try to pick up It's pretty fun So driving around the slingshot。

 guess how much a slingshot costs if you buy it。😊，28，000， close， 28。

000 that we brought it back and there was a Lamborghini there， so we almost got the Lamborghini。Okay。

How much does the Lamborghini cost？2200000 for that particular one。 Okay， so I SAT。

 if you guys watching my Schat， actually had the Lamborghini。 So I'm in the Lamborgni。

 I'm sitting there。😊，I'm like。哼。Kind of want to be in this slingshot。

Because the slingshot I had that roof that went back and it was just kind of cooler and I don't know。

 it was more fun， we took it out to the Red Rock De and drove it like in the sand and shit。

 it was really crazy。So。I'm sending this Laorg， I'm like， I'm supposed to want this Lamborghini。

 but I don't actually want it， so my subjective experience。In the slingshot was actually cool。

 they're about the same happiness， to be honest。Lamborhini slingshot。 I mean。

 this me La is a little bit cooler， but it's not $175 fucking000 cooler。

 So what is it with Lamborghini。 More status。😡，More status。

 more impressions on people can believe leave， right？So what I'm trying to say is this。As a dude。

 you need to decide。What is valuable in your kingdom？What is valuable to you， okay？I was in。

 I lived in L A for like nine months。 I think this house， the RD house。

 I don't know how many millions of dollars that is。 And there was moments where I was there like。

 man， I just want a warm shower。 That would be good， or like。😊。

I can really go for like a glass of wine， like some like California， California， I don't know。

Maybe like a cigar， creamma cigar， Romeo and Juliet cigar， maybe like some salami， I'd be good。

 I'd be good with that， I'd be pretty dope with that right So I had to decide what mattered more to me what my values were So a statement to Kingdom is this。

As a young dude， you need to express that shit to the world。This is how you do it。

With a phrase like this。I'm the type of guy to blank or dot， dot dot。Okay。

 I'm the type of guy to dot， dot， dot。On the flip side is I'm not the type of guy to dot， dot， dot。

This is really， really basic， but this might be the most powerful thing because this is the application of the innerga。

 all right？I'm a type of guide to dot， dot， dot， I'm not a type of guide to dot， dot， dot。

Give you some examples。I'm a type of guy。To want to support others around me。

 I'm not a type of guy to be a pushover so that it actually end up hurting myself。

 I'm the type of guy that wants to see the good of mankind。

 I'm not the type of guy that believes that mankind will fix himself。

 I'm the type of guy to enjoy myself socially and fun and free whenever I can。

 I'm not type of guy to do drugs in a way that would harm my body。 I'm the type of guy that wants to。

 that believes actually in love in some strange way。

 I'm not a type of guy to just forego anybody that believes in love。 I'm the type of guy to。😊。

Believeieving in spirituality， I'm not the type of guy to hate on anybody that's committing to a religion just because I don't understand it。

I'm the type of guy to think that money is important because they can help bring security。

 freedom and time to loved ones， I'm not the type of guy to use money to replace love and family and friends。

诶。I'm a type of guy to enjoy alcohol as a drink。For social。And culture reasons。

 about the type of guy use alcohol as a crutch。To make me lose my inhibitions and be more free。

I'm the type of guide to。嗯。I'm the type of guy that is open to the idea and the Constitution of marriage。

 if it makes sense for people， I'm not the type of guy to believe that relationship has to have a static form for my entire life。

I don'm not type a guy to believe in health and fitness in order to keep in mind and respect my body。

 I'm not the type of a guy to think that fitness is the only way to have a healthy life。嗯。

I'm the type of guy to。Come to RSD， work for RSD。Because I want to make an impact on the world around me。

I'm love to a guy to just stick to pick。And just。Get that sweet sugar wall right or whatever it is。

 So these are very definitive statements， right， These are things that I'm saying about myself that I know about myself。

 but I'm expressing it outwardly to the world around me。 So as as a young dude。😊。

You have to figure out what those are。You got to figure out what those are， yeah。😀Yeah。😊，Damn。

 Daniel， all right， yeah， because you got to fucking know the shit man because there's going to be moments where you're in the club or you're around these girls in Vegas。

 wherever it is and people are going to like push up against who you think you are。

And you have to have that stuff predetermined and advanced。

You got to know who you are in advance because they're gonna push against those walls of who you think you are right you're not the cool kid。

 you shouldn't be here， this isn't important， you don't fit in， this is important。

 they're going to push against your beliefs about how the world should work and you're going to be able to say no I am this I am that I am this。

 I'm not this， I'm that okay be very， very clear about it so a statement of kingdom is you expressing your beliefs what you stand for。

 what you don't want to stand for who you are， who you're going to be。Who you were。

 who you don't resonate with more anymore in the past， deciding all that shit， okay。

 it's a decision that you make。And。I think as more power goes to you when you do it。

 more power to you。 can you can't lose。 There is no loss。

 There is no loss in this game of doing that。 even if the people around you that you don't agree with it。

 there's no loss because you just。You have decided and they respect you for deciding you can never lose somebody's respect for making a decision that you think was the best decision for yourself。

Right。You can't。There's nothing to lose， there's literally nothing to lose。

Another thing to believe is the only you lose is the opportunity to express yourself in that way。

 So yeah， statement of kindship very， very important。 Okay， So if you guys don't know。

 go through a bunch of topics， make a list 10 things。 write those 10 things down。

 I am the type of guide to dot dot dot。 I'm not the type of guy to dot dot dot。

 be very clear about it。 All right， write that down。 So you have that。

 It's something you to think about in the club。 So you have to think about when you're alone。

Looking out that mirror at night or whatever， look out the window， just chilling out。

