# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：61 实战分解 - 迈阿密胡子，个性十足 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is a pretty good clip， it shows a lot of different things。In this clip。

 you're gonna to see a lot of self- amusement。 You're gonna understand really what self- amusement is。

 You're gonna understand how a pull can happen very quickly。

 You're gonna understand how to fix logistics。 You're also gonna to see a lot of deep connection happen really fast。

 connection isn't something that needs to take an hour。

 You can have connection happen really fast If how deep the subjects are that you get into I' lets clip play。

 It's me and all the instructors were in Miami at Miami summit。 This is last year that just happened。

 We're all hanging out。 It's me Jeff Maxer in this one。 We're all just joking around。

 And as we're joking around， we just pull girls into the environment that we werere joking around。

 we pull them into the jokes。 So in the middle of this night。

 Jeff has decided to bring out some fake mustaches and we decided to wear the fake mustaches not on our lips。

 but on our foreheads， This uni。 and we think this is hilarious。😊，好。A haircut。That man work cut。Yeah。

 Id apologize about something。Hide tolar what did I say don't I thought it was slightly offensive。

 but I don't remember exactly what I said。Really how hilarious was it like okay。🎼Okay。I'。

 I'm hollering at girls that they walk by。 So these approaches I'm doing as well。

 These are not even like serious approaches。 These are approaches I'm doing just because I think it's fun。

 Like some approaches you do。 Okay， this is gonna sound really ridiculous， okay。😊。

But bear with me here。 some approaches you do。 you need to do them just for self amusement。

 like self amusement approaches。 You do the approaches not because you're always trying to get a result from the girl。

 Like， I need to do this approach to get girls。 I need to do this approach to feel good about myself。

 I need to do this approach because I need to prove to myself that pickup up was worth it。

 I to stop the pain。 I want to quit the game。 I'm just here to get a girl。 Fuck。 I'm so traumatized。

 I want to like。Whoa， that's sorry you have all those problems， okay。For the moment。

Just do some approaches for fun。 Just for the fun of it。 Do make them ridiculous。 Make them silly。

 Do your approaches for yourself to laugh every once in a while。

 A self amusement approach so that you can laugh and the girl can laugh。

 not that you can even get anything out of her。's not about getting something out of her。

 It's about just giving to her by making yourself laugh。 You first her second。

 a self amusement approach。 That's what we're just joking around。 like we all have sick game。

 You know， we're pretty good。 We're just having some beers。 Jeffs having a beer。 I'm having water。

 We're just joking around likere just fucking around。 That's the fun of it Okay。

 so that's really key。 I don't even realize it。 but there's a girl that walks by。

 And I'm so in this self amusement of approaches we're just having a blast。

 like it's last night in Miami。 when the boys are hanging out。

 the boys are back in town kind of a thing。 So last night in Miami。 And I' even realize it。

 but the girl walks by。 She' like， I can't believe you said that to me。

 I'm like what I'd even recognize that I opened her。 You wantna get to a state。😊。

Where you're opening so much， you're talking to everybody。 The club is a 100 set。

 Everybody's just your party， right， There's no openers。 You're just talking to everybody。

 Conversations are already open。 You want to get to a point where you don't even realize who you've opened。

Okay， so you're not attached to any approach。 You're like， I've opened everybody。

 I'm talking to everybody。 So this girl walks by and she's like， I can't believe you said that。 I go。

 what did I say， I'm confused。I find out later I say you're so small， I would break you。

But I don't remember this。 I'm just being honest， right，m just honest。

 And I have a little cheeky smile when I say it。 I'm kind of like laughing when I say it。

 so she't taking it very seriously。 She's like， I can't even said that。 But as she walks by。

 She sees me having fun with these guys。 She's like， oh， this guy's not creepy。 He's not a jerk。

 He's just having fun with this boys And they're being honest and silly about it。

 It's kind of interesting。 You know， everybody wants to be in the warm end of the pool with the cool kids。

😊，HereHere。A haircut。That man haircut。Again， Id apologize myself something。

what did I say don't what I thought it was slightly offensive， I don't remember exactly what I said。

Really how hilarious was it like okay， so'。was like okay， you know that that was the approach。

 That was the second opener， which I don't even recognize。 You know， like I said， again。

 you're gonna do openers。 don't even recognize you want to plant as many seeds as you can in the club。

 And eventually they just start to flourish and grow at the end of the night。 So at this point。

 it's like1 o'clock of the morning。 I'm like， I haven't done an approach yet。 Like。

 I haven't really like pursue any girls yet。 I， I should take this more seriously my last night。

 right， got a hotel。 Like I'm gonna pursue this a little bit more and。😊。

By the way the hotel wasn't that great because we have like three assistants in the room。

 Its like four dudes in a room and like air mattresses and like sofa beds like not that great at all。

 I'm gonna see what I can do here。 And I'm really excited about it。 I'm like， all right。

 I'm feeling good。 I'm a goodbye。 I'm taking care of my own emotions。 I'm like feeling good about it。

 And I'll see Julian and Julian's like pull the girl to the side He's making out with。 I'm like。

 fucking Julian。 I'm upset because I realized Julia's got a girl。 like a negative way。

 I'm like Julia's got a girl。 And all three of us the rest of here just sitting here being idiot like what the hell。

 So I'm like， remember I said， I don't think about doing an approach。

 But I'm like making a joke out of it。 So I start saying to myself daddy's got a fish。

 daddy's got a fish。 So now I'm walking around the club。 I'm like daddy's got a fish。

 some of my favorite openers are like hello practice。 hello practice。

 I make a joke out of the fact that I'm doing pickup。 I don't take it too seriously。😊。

dy's got a fish， daddy's got a fish。でし。Daddy's got to fish。我。It's the mustache， the mustache。

All right。So I find her， and I decided to put the fake mustache on her as my fun conversation。 Again。

 I'm not opening， I'm star it if it's already open， I just put the mustache on her face。There you go。

The power is yours now， the power is yours now。🎼はいた。The power is yours now， the power is yours。

 the power like the forest， like Star Wars， look how beautiful she is。

How do you compliment the girl for looking so beautiful， you tell her this。Who's my little Hitler。

 who's my little Hitler， Yes you are， yes you are。All these RSD dudes like， what the fuck？

OutOut of all my little Hitlers you my favorite， my favorite， my favorite。

 out of all my little Hitlers， you lady are my favorite。食べたい。This is what I think of your regime。

 This is what I think of your regime so the mustache falls offca it's like shitty glue。

 it like falls off onto the floor and I decide to start stomping on the mustache and say this is what I think of your regime。

Again， all self amusement， right， I'm not thinking about getting in the girl' like self amusement approach。

That's what Is think of's。Oh son have you seen here？🎼ロテベク。Youre like。

 I don't know about these Hitler jokes。 Like you shouldn't really make those like， you know。

 he's like really respected guy。 you know， he's done a lot for the community。

 It's okay to make fun of Hitler。 Just just a little caviat out there。 A little note there。

I do not approve you were from oppressing the people is a little smart we need to get your Hitler trim down get like on a mustache like a mustache shmp for your Hitler school you obviously failed Hitler school obviously' playing。

You just step your hipler game up， bro， step your hipler game off， fuck business。啊。W。

Where are you from what nationality？안뭘。I'm going to the bean just for the bean。

 I just in Chicago the be， the actual bean and their luxurious be。

 I hear the beans are amazing the ones who eat they're also fabulous， Ba beans， lava be。Chick beans。

 all kinds of beans。 the chickpeas approach。 the chickpeas conversation。 Oh， that's good。 Yeah， yeah。

 good game。 Again， doesn't really matter what you say as long as you're passionate about it。

 you're enjoying it and you're sharing your opinion about something。

 You're sharing your opinion changing your experiences the way you see the world。

 She's getting to know me through all this， by the way， right Does that makes sense。

 She's getting to know me through what I'm saying in my behavior。 She's like， oh。

 what's the conclusions that she can arrive from so far。

 even though I've said nothing about myself as a person I like， well。

 I'm you know early 30s and I'm educated。 and I used to work in marketing。 And I have to know。

 I happen to live here。 And my family background is like I'm not saying that information。

 But what does she know about me so far。😊，Not a type。Laid back。Hitler I what the Hitler regime Yep。

 I don't want the Hitler regime。 But from that， she can tell also， maybe that like。

 I have a shocking sense of humor。 I don't take life too seriously。

 I can find the good in the bad situation。She knows that I'm expressive about。

 I have opinions about the world， even about food， all that she can tell in two minutes。

 So it's not really like， you know， I'm running good game， but I'm letting her experience me。

 A lot of guys walk up to a girl this might be you yourself and kind of relate to this and think of you see yourself this way。

 But if when you feel stifled， you walk up to a girl。 Sometimes you're thinking。

 I don't know what to say or I don't know what to do。 and you hold back。 you hold back from sharing。

 I want to encourage you to share everything that you're afraid to hold back because that sharing is how the girls gonna experience you。

 She can't like you until she experiences you。 There' a guy where asked about how do I make the girl take me to her place。

 She can't do that until she's fully has that trust from experiencing you。 This girl。

 there's expression we say this girl knows that if ours gonna be a rapist。

 I would have said it already。😊，By the way， I'm a rapist。 Like， I would have said it。

 So there's nothing to fear。 She sees the extent already of my bad humor， my， my， my extreme humor。

 and she's also gonna to see the compassion side of me。

 She's gonna get a full spectrum of my personality from the way I'm communicating。

 She's gonna get a full idea of my bad humor， my compassionate， my loyalty， my ideas about the world。

 She's gonna see all of it。 It's about the time it's ready to go。 She's like， oh yeah， let's go。😊。

By the way， these girls aren't drunk if you notice， right， I was want to point that out。

 These girls are just like stone sober。 These isnt me pulling girls that are sober。

 not drunk girls that are like， because a drunk girl， you't just drunk girl just spike her emotions。

破。Our tipsy girl spike emotions at the club pull。 These are sober girls。

 So it's not just spiking emotions。 It's spiking emotions showing my character pulling。Alright。

 it's a little bit different。 That's why I like to type a game because that allows me to go to situations where I can get girls and I can date them later on。

 where I pick up the phone and they're happy to hear me。 You like get a number。

 you pick up the phone。 You call her， you text her and the girl's like hesitant or she doesn't really want to answer you。

 These girls are happy to they hear me when I call because they've gotten to know me。

 They feel like they've know me。 They've experienced what Madison is all about。

 They've experienced what type a guy Madison is。😊，I'm open to all of them to all of them all kinds how long you going。

Why you're so small， so tiny， so short， it's adorable。God made me this way。You are your heels？

And I was walking over the wind wasn't ever your totally team as well I think it totally team go。

 you have heels on like five two。I。what else can I do， I can do a lot of things。IVery hungry。

So even though I'm telling jokes here about Hitler， about chickpeas， or whatever。

 I'm still man to women， Right， Like man to woman isn't something you always need to say。

 You don't be like， yeah， you know， I totally put a little angel in your ultrasound。

 I do that sometimes But even as I'm telling the jokes。 I'm pulling in， lifting her up。

 What do you do， I do a lot of things Since from now I see my vibe。

 I the way I'm sharing that energy with her。 Okay， I'm emotional with her。 It's that。

 That's how she can tell it's man to woman。 Okay， I'm pulling very close proximity。😊。

A lot of great eye contact， my voice goes down a lot， breaking rapport。

 so I'm not really worried about the man to women communication。

 It's taken care of when I do the right things。I'm just me。

 I'm just a regular guy you not from Chicago you。I'm going there， I'm going to work。

 I'm going to stay there。No，'ve been there a bunch of times I've been there a bunch of times。

 I was here for the Nl draft， I'm in Canada。Your canal。Canad。Like no， no lies， no lies bro。

 I there people are knocking me。 I'm gonna stand also want to point out the the boring conversation。

 how I have it。 Listen to my voice。 I'm Canadian。 I've been there once。 No lies bro。

 She talking about cities。 You know， not cool。 Like， like， imagine you ask girls like。

 where are you from。 I'm from， I'm from by Harvard。 Okay， that's cool。😊，That's cool。

Where go Hol with me？No， that's cool right。 It's like， oh， where are you from， Boston。 no way。

 that's that's crazy， bro。 Yeah， It's like the whole thing is very animated。

 I have very boring conversation， animated。 Any good R instructor or person that's interesting to listen to。

 They can tell something in a very animated voice。 There's melody in my voice。

 There's tone in my voice。 There is rhythm in my voice。 It's loud， and it's soft。

 I play with my voice a little bit。 So I can make boring conversation。😊，Interesting。Interesting。

 it's not even what I'm saying， it's how I'm saying。good example of this is like。

The word interesting。 And girl tells you something you go， up， interesting， You go， interesting。

You can go。That's。It's interesting， right， It's one word。

 But it's the way you play with the words and the volumes and the rhythms and the tones that make anything you say sound cool。

 advo have a video about that online。 So' of my best videos highly unrated。

 says how to make everything you say sound cool。 So I I'm not really worried about the content。

 I'm worried about the performance， how I' delivered the personality。

 the personality behind the content。 Okay like I know right here。

 like even as I'm showing you guys this video， I know that I have content。

 I got sick as content to show you guys。 But what I'm concerned about is is my personality reaching you guys。

 my personality， my sharing that personality with you。😊，There we go。🎼走。Don listen。

 I need to stand with the people。stand away the people the Paparazzi。

Proy everywhere you go I just want to like， I just thought like want to be able。Well， famous。

 I'm like underground famous， basically。Oh yeah what do he think people I thought I totally recognized you without the musttache on with the musttache and I was like where did I know her from and I was like somewhere it's the musttache？

らかいね。Sorry what？By喂。Oh， so tell me what I said to you originally in the first place。

 you said it's so hilarious。Would I say。No， what I say， but remember？I really don't， I said， I said。

Do you remember I don't remember， do you remember any matter？But I want to wait。Well。

 it's early in the night。Maybe you were like you thought I was ugly and I was you know。

 I very bloody hard to get who knows， who knows I really don't know。

I think you're interesting so far， I like what I see so far， so far。

 I you go wrong by for sarcastic sing humor or you can roll with it。

 I need a girl that can roll with it。Don't whisper no secret。No secrets。Yeah， it was。

I would like get。Let me this。PG 13。That's legal and some。W do you mean how old you he is？21。No， no。

 I'm sorry I'm wrong， wait， wait， wait， wait， wait， I suck at this game。

 I didn't bring my crystal ball for guessing ages。Thing hard， that threw be a problem。

 not that smart， I'm not that clever。M smarter than the average bear。Awesome。Hold away。22。Yeah。

 black cr baby。I wasn't offended I was complimented black dome crack baby。

What all three of us who look like the United Nations is like a faded oreo cookie。

 white brown chocolate， white brown chocolate。what's up， it's my hoie Sam。

That's who he never asked me。I'm your new boyfriend and Madison。 So we haven't done names yet。

 It's pretty interesting， right。 We haven't done names yet。 But what's happened is a lot of vibing。

 right， Vibing is， as Jeff says， it's like a conversation with no direction， no intention。

 just the only intention is to make you and her feel good。

 So one of the thing I'm doing here is I'm telling jokes for myself。 I'm like black don't crack。

 baby。 Yeah yeah， yeah， I'm like， I'm not that smart， not smarter than the average bear。

 These are like jokes。 I'm like disqualifying myself。

 They call them disqualification like saying I'm not like I'm not really potential suitor for her。😊。

I'm kind of like an80 girl。 I'm like， I like this song。 I'm like very like8。

 Like I almost like become a woman in the club。 I' was just like， this feels good。 Let's do it。

 What else feels good that we could do。 Let's do that。 I'm in search of the next feel good thing。

 Like I try I kind like get to their level a little bit。 which is like a different parallel universe。

 So all these things me vibing're not really having serious conversation。 She says we know my name。

 but she's already into me and I'm into her and she likes me。 I like her。

 But I'm focused on making sure that both of us feel good。

 Those are some of the techniques that I'm doing。 The overall concept is， of course， you know。

 vibing is make her feel good。 you feel good。 And she's experiencing me not through what I'm saying about myself。

 but she me through my behavior。 she' here's a guy who makes laugh Here's who makes have fun。

 Here's the guy who has offensive humor。 Here's a guy who has opinions about stuff。

 Here's a who's bold。 who's able to make the decision， pursue me a little bit。's cool。

 She enjoys that。😊，This is your name。一这 mean看。Why is it Cor Canada？If I was a can。

 my name wouldn't be that cool， is that you trying to imp？ていう方耳。

Well Madison County and I ride a tractor。And my uncle's name is Uncle Bill or Joe that？You11 night。

I'm here for work。She's going right been Tinder。You guys aren't friends。

 Are you guys been on Tinder also awesome？Yeah， it's really blowing up these days that's what the kids tell me and here it' really really good these days。

I don't know， I'm just coming out of my shell who's got to have a breakup so I'm just trying to get out there。

 put myself out there a little bit， you know how it is？

I'm now you make me feel pressure because I'm want totidate with the guy and now you make feel no no。

 this guy， want come' closer。🎼I want to tinderate with this guy。

 So I'm starting to feel the pressure because now you're like， oh how do you guys know each other。

 And I just want to like take it slow and like maybe like know put a little feeler out there。

 you wing。 So I make this joke。 kind of conspiracy Like obviously me and the girls are into each other。

 but I make this conspiracy joke that like me and my wing man。 The guy was there。 I'm like， oh。

 me and him on a tin date。 now you've made it weird because you pointed out。 this is kind of funny。

 I don't really know I'm on the spot。 like could you be a good wingman Could you take care of like so it just an opportunity for us to kind hang out together more and not take this pick too seriously。

 Like we both know like it's gonna happen eventually， but I'm making a joke out of it。

 So it's light for each of us。 just about vibeing making sure everybody feels involved and included。

😊，Like you could also point out the fact as well。This is another thing that's cool。

 You you can point at the stack that you're doing a pickup， but not make it serious。

 like when I say to a girl like fight for me， fight for me， like you told me that once you go black。

 you don't go back。I'm making jokes like， are you cheating on me already， girl， Really。

 with this guy， heartbroken。 You know what， Fuck it。

 I'm going on for a newer and debtor model of you。 younger， smarter， richer， right， you're。

 you're still talking about the factors of pickup happening。

 but you can make jokes about the factors of pickup happening。

 Pick up Girls know that you're picking them up。They're not oblivious to it。

 They know that you're hitting on them。 They know that you want them。 But I'm pulling her in close。

 She knows it。 My hands on like her lower back by her has。 She knows it。

 But I'm making I'm making the fact that we're picking her up。 Not serious。

 Girls can enjoy the fact they're getting picking up or they're getting picked up if you can make it into an interesting story。

😊，Pick up doesn't have to be this thing where it's like I have to hide the fact。

Then doing the pickup， like a ninja approach。 Hey， what's up， Oh， how's it going， Okay， cool， Oh。

 yeah， Oh， I'm not interested in you。 Oh yeah， Well， it's okay interested in them。

 Just make the whole pickup experience a big joke。 You know， they can get in on the joke。

 So she knows I'm not gay， obviously。😊，By how it communicated her。

 she knows that I'm not on attend date with this other dude。 Obviously。

 right they know we're here to fuck or they know we're here to pull， at least be some cool girls。

 And they're okay with it。 want to'reimp you'reimp First of all，'s see if sucept you you you have。

You what so many skills。What would you say is your best skill， your highest quality skill？はいぱい。

You have a retainer， that's the first one Yeah that's permanent If so you see a good smile it's the first part of being a wing woman。

 What else？🎼。What have you think of the best？I the best one because there's so many fantastic ones。

It's like how do you list the top two， which' is， you know。

 even I've never made my wing woman profile before I daughter。so by the way。

 I've met her in a dance floor area and I decided to lock in。 This is a very old school thing。

 I decided to just lock into an area of the bar where we can like kind Lina gets a poll and sit and chat together。

 You never want to stay in a high traffic area like the dance floor。

 you can't maintain that very long。 I was it for five minutes maximum。

 then I pull out to this lock and area I try to move a girl about every 15 to 20 minutes I'm in the club very。

 very very very very super clutch if you haven't done that write that down you something you don't do try to move a girl every 15 to 20 minutes because at stale in the environment at the club that you're at You can't be funny enough to keep her there。

 She's gonna w to go and explore the whole club， see what's out there So I try to move every single 20 minutes every single time every time I don't do that it fails every time I do that set goes really good。

 So I just do that。😊，🎼V尔现。🎼This you can。Okay， okay okaykey。

It's the brand really offend to your friend NA byacy。I'm fucking。It's the shirt， it's the shirt。

By the way， let's take a moment for a second here to realize this guy's on crutches。Right，'s。

 he's on crutches。 He's doing pickup。 He has two crutches， one on each arm， one at each arm。

 His legs are kind of twisted like that。 I've seen this guy out a lot。

 This guy even comes to the World Summit。 He travels across the world to do like。

 come and learn it summit。 Basically， what the fuck is your excuse。

He could have every excuse in the world。 I'm crippled。 That's a pretty good excuse。

 Why would a girl want to get with me， They probably think my dick doesn't work， whatever。

 whatever That's he can have a bunch of excuses， but he's still out there using all of his arm strength just to hold himself up。

Okay， so whatever excuse you have， it's not probably a good one。 I'm this racial minority。

 I have this accent， but I'm broke。But， you know， I'm crippled。But I'm young， but I don't know。

 I'm too old。 I had a guy in Boantt Once they had one testicle。 He pulled me aside。 I said， man。

 listen， I have a lack of self confidence because I have one testicle。 Okay， seriously。

 there's all kinds of excuses you could have。 But this guy is out here with me crushing it。

RD instructor and he's having no excuses， one of the best guys I know a game。

 there's two guys that I know they're really good one of my old boys is 54 there another guy a guy named Adrian in Miami who's also54 has a very good game。

I've seen everything， I've seen old dudes， I've seen young dudes， I've seen short dudes。

 I've seen you know fat dudes， right people like， I like Luke。

 Luke is so inspirational because he looks like me。Right。

 there's there's literally no excuse you could have left。 That's why they bought on the minority。

 There's no excuse you could have left。 every excuse is now gone。 Okay， so you see this guy。

 this guy is like an inspiration to me。 even as I'm watching， I'm like， oh shit。

 He's He's really going all out。 You know what'm saying。😊，I've had guys that like have no voice。

 have to write stuff down I've seen every single thing that could be a setback but whatever is your setback。

 you feature it， you talk about it， whatever is your weakness。

 you feature what you think is your weakness， feature what you can't fix， al right。

 feature what you can't fix。It's an optical illusion， an optical illusion on the shirt。

You have a big muscle and big heart。Yes， yes， just hold on lady I just want。

It makes me feel like Superman because you're like small and like white and I'm like big and black。

 so it makes me feel like I'm superman basically I feel really positive about myself。

It's a positive ego boost。So it's says winggle in qualities， yes， let's continue。

Thank you thank you so what else is so you obviously have a good sense of sarcasm clearly clearly clearly Okay。

 that's the one I met so far that's the one I over there。On the right of the guard。

 third cabana on the right。There's three of us here that one。Well。

Tell her to take a picture and send it to you tell her to take picture I am so smart SMMT， SMT。

 I am so smart。是对。These are some of my other friends here， here at Sam my circle of friends here Sam。

 Jeff， Yeah， Sam， Jeff， Vinnie， USA， no， Australian， European， and the ladies。

 I don't know the ladies yet。次にある。how old are you not like。27Okay。33， really。等죠。I guess 29。

 that was my guess。I was younger than my age。I don't know what it was。I use Clicll Oh， no。

 I use Cliccell， Clll。是。Carabin and。Isn't that wet？Paraid the。Do I use the caravins anymore？

I don't know。🎼Ju spa Juce吧。I don't know。🎼never young。Third cabana， apparently。啊。

It got escalated really quickly from。Ser manhole the hand I move slightly down the forearm。

That was really aggressively down the for What the for think？🎼， let's see I know these people。

 just tell tell them that you like me。 I want to be accepted you tell are nervous。

 me to be for nervous I nervous。 No no anybody anybody Are you nervous Im not gonna groups of people。

m little nervous。 None of them are。 I'm the only。 So it's actually not shy about the group。

 I'm just kind pretend like I'm really nervous but I say tell them that you like me tell that you that you want to be with me。

 I say that because I want her to sort like call it accomplishment intro。

 I wanted to go into group like hey， this is Madison like this guy。

 its not like uphill battle to win over all of her friends。 It a little funny technique that I have。

 I actually nervous。 I just want her to do it because it makes my life easier。😊。

Then winning over like eight people at a table， you know？

Me slightly Hispanic they're all Indian the drunk guy in the green shirt looks slightly white。

Would they be offended if you put that mustache back you came over you're like he he it does not look like Hitler it doesn look like Hitler you have to go your Hitler mustache straight Hitler was like friend my friend over there we just passed Jeff was a whole selection of them he has about three or fourache That's awesome we should play a mustache game switch and match。

I that sta is like just find the best stash and like you know the best one for you。

 give you the road to pitch your brain up really quickly so I feel like what maybe it was used？

Oh yes， it was all used of me， I actually was using it as a uner before I'm sorry。不是。Right now。

 it's going to make little。I can'。And introducetro me at least。 I don't know Oh， that's right。 Okay。

 you got know my name。 That's。 It's Oh，s。😊，You guys vka。 I do drink， but I do drink。 Yeah。

 where you staying by the way what of town by the way Now going logistic。

 Where you staying by the way。 I' this girls into me。

 Let me try to figure out like what the situation is。 I can go to her place and go to my place。

 And we just found out the logistic situation is fucked。 So I improvise later on。It like back me。

So you got South Bea， I don't know in an Airbnb South， Likewise， I got a condo here yeah。

Fre like life。For no， no for like the week or whatever I've been here for weeks so far I'm here for another week yourself I'm I have been here since Friday and I leave on Wednesday Okay' Yeah nice nice and you guys。

 you and your friend are staying together， I guess。Are you guys came together？

You can one more friend here Oh shit， you kind of a big group of people。

A large group Bchelor rep party Oh yes，'re in。I see I see five girls， knocker logistics。

 five girls together in a place， I got four guys in my place improvised。First time in Miami。

 my third time， my first time。Yeah， Toronto like me， you to call me on your cell phone。I dont know。

 have a day。I want to tell you a love poem I Ro I want to tell you love poem I know where that hotline it can only mean one thing You can't feel other people's words ever since No you can't people I love the city。

I won't accept。You。You just came with a Lady Gaga on your head for out。Yeah。

 notice your song was my song damn it， fucking play my song gosh damn it。

 I don't know what's going on or who own whos a， but it's not me。M。

 I'' I don't drink drinks office pretty happy for the things。 I'm pretty awesome。 I just be awesome。

 And I just you know， as a wing girl， you just kind of take girls off the bed and I'm awesome。

 I I took the booze。 I take the girls。All right。Hold their life pretty ridiculous。

I could tell I'm glad you appreciate hard。get along， I said that right said nice， good yes。

Oh they talk about the Drake， the Drake is gone but where you from from Canada What this is saga dude。

 I look like in the city actually Okay， okay， in the city thega is like like but you'll say you'll tell me Toronto。

Perhaps I I， I can So I meet this guy。 this guy is， I don't know。

 He's like one of the main guys at the table。 I kind of wait to get brought into the table。

 So you have a table situation， you want to go and be like， hey， everybody， what's up。

 You can do that。 But I want the girls to introduce because they know these guys。

 I don't want never want to go to the table situation， put my hand on the bottle。 right。

 Never put your hand on the bottle。 In fact， if I， if I ever at a table and a girl puts her hand on the bottle。

 we dismiss her。 We we cut off our hand。😊，I was kidding。 We all cut up her hand。

 But we tell her we got。 she has to go anytime a girl puts a hand on the ball。 It's respectful。

 So I never like go and touch people's alcohol。 I want to be friendly with them。

 but I don't want to be like so friendly that they want a drink。 know，re like， hey， what's hey。

 I'm just being friendly So I can use for a drink。 I never want that。

 So I'm kind chilling back and allowing everybody to get to know me at in their own speed。😊。

That'ss happening so this guy starts talking to me because he lived in a city that I used to live in and he decides that he wants me to be his best bro。

But it's kind of annoying。 Its there's not really much。 I mean， we're just like， hey， bro。

 you would do this。 Yeah， bro， I've been here。 Hey， because the same city， right。

 Like it's like like， hey， man， you're been this coffee shop in Boston。 Yeah， I know the coffee shop。

 Youre go to that school。 Yeah to that're just relating to things that we know because we're from the same city He's not like a regular random guy。

 We're from the same city。 We happen to be across the world。 So we're like're bonding on that thing。

 There's not really much to show about that。 He just kind of。😊。

Goes overboard and always wants to talk。 So there's even a part here I try to walk my girl to the bed and pull her to the bed for some private time。

 and he's like jumps in again and I'll show you that have like。I don't know。

 maybe it's 40 minutes Okay， got I definitely got to sit down try talk Yeah cool I give the talk real camera actually yeah。

 Ill give you a real I'll give you real portion。Yeah。点啊。Y。

 I need talk to you for a second Okay sure you can do I just No but we're from like we're live like 20 minutes away from each other in Canada Oh yeah Mrs。

 Sa Toronto did you grow up there I grew up in Montreal then from Montreal I originally went to Toronto for two years I worked actually I went to Toronto when I was30 I work for World Viion 32 year born Canadian Montreal Japan the Monreales。

it's hard as you guys speak they required we learned France French in school because I have like two my best friends here for Montreal and all the slang too you guys use they're French it's like completely or they're Montreals like it's totally different France French is like guess me situation like you sl I was actually almost fluent when I was like middle school my mom's fluent my is now to and then I started doing Spanish my Spanish got really good but' confused them so much Spanish I learn Spanish I gotta do it。

I know I， I want to learn Spanish more， though。 Then I start looking around at I'm like。

 why is this guy talking to me， Is he into me？Is he trying to flirt me。

 is he trying to steal my girl， like why is this guy so persistent。

 not really sure it's kind of weird I start looking around like， h。What's the next move。

 You can see he's looking around。 What's the next move。

 And I have to eventually break it off because I think he like， he's trying to like， you know。

 I speak Spanish and I speak French， and I've traveled。 I'm like， oh。

 he's trying to DHV himself a little bit here。 Maybe he wants the girl。 I'm not sure either way。

 I cut him off eventually。😊，There's so many countries good Yeah it is。

 know I was doing really well that I did a charity trip to the Dominican Republic last January。

I'm like I'm just sipping my drink and I'm like watching this， but I'm gonna take action in some way。

 I'm gonna break this off， you know， and I was there three weeks。

 And I did like all five levels I was full went to Columbia， very subtle， very good。

 actually very drink sos I was in and I went out family I was in Columbia， I was in Paris。

 I wasminic， I speak three languages。 whole about how is And'm like's trying to jack my girl or fuck me。

 I don't。 either to jack my girl So eventually look on。

 don't want to be rude fuck's bro if I overreact I get rude to the as a says this guy is just trying to be nice。

 He's trying to be。 What's problem， Madison。 Why are you taking it so seriously What's your problem be I'll look like the needy and desperate one。

 look who's nervous and。😊，And has an outcome。 So I'm trying to exit smoothly so I can get out of the situation And without looking like I'm jealous of the guy's attention that he's getting that。

 Young girls want to say like， oh， this guy's just one of my friend。 He just wants to be my friend。

 He's my best this bud。 like， no， he's trying to fuck you。Like a lot of girls don't realize it。

 I have a girl that I'm seeing right now。 And she's a guy。 She's known for two years。

 And then she went over to his house the other day like 11 o'clock。

 and he made a move and tried to make out with her he kissed her。 She's like， what are you doing。

 I thought we were friends， Youve ruined our friendship， I thought we were friends。

 we How are you gonna be friends now。 It's awkward。😊，It's like， why would you do that。

 like he's been plotting it for a while？They don't realize it。 You know。

 they don't think about it that way。 They it feels good。

 So theyre just enjoy them whatever feels good。 So I don't think she realizes it。

 And I realize it though， because， you know I'm thinking strategy And yeah。

 I just deal with the situation。 You'll see how I deal with it now。 My brother didn't want to go。

 I went by myself and met this group of people went with all night。 text them the next day。

 like hey what's up like did speak a word of English。 was guys to sit down。 It want sit。

 I was standing all day。 I to sit down。 Yeah， I'll sit there。

 I eventually say you want to sit down and continues and we sit down。😊。

And eventually eventually like get my like he's like， obviously like I' like。

 he sit down and I lie down with the girl。 He's not gonna like lie down beside us and spoon me。

 That's just awkward。 Like so he eventually like doesn't like lie down with us like leaves because he doesn't want to like sit in the middle of us and like lie down。

 it's kind of weird。 You know， So I create an awkward situation for him。

 And he leaves eventually because most guys don't Most guys don't do game。

 Most guys don't want to pick up。 They don't understand social dynamics。

 They're not gonna be able to deal with awkward situations。 They just can't do with it。

 They don't know what to do。 But you guys are learning how to deal with that tension and stuff like that。

 So you can spoon all the guys you want and feel I know okay。😊，Oh。

 you're nobody what fuck am I doing here？I should just leave。And I'm okay with it。

 look at this this is hilarious。Yeah， this is my dog no， no， it's my neighbor's dog， roommate's dog。

 I just like got in Jacuzzi with a dog。It's hilarious， yeah， it's the house we have in LA there。

One of the things they do very often is I show girls photos on my phone。 Actually。

 it is like an old mystery thing called the photo routine。 The photo routine。

 Show her photos like 10 photos you have saved on your phone。 It's not routine。

 I go through my Instagram。 The idea is you want to have a cool shit you're doing and photograph that Every time you go to a good restaurant。

 Take a photo of that Every you outing with some people take a photo that。

 Every you see architecture， like in Boston。 there's amazing architecture。

 take a photo of that Every time you play a sport with some guys。

 you really practice hard take a photo of that。 Now way you just scroll through Instagram she gets opportunity to experience you very。

 very fast。 She get a sense of what your life is like。 Some guys say。

 I don't want to do social media's gets conceited。 Well。

 she's not gonna go digging for information about you。 She doesn't care。

 She just gonna want to live her life。 You got to present the chance for her to see it。

 Some guys are like Snapchat What Snapchat， Sapchat is amazing。 I Snapchat。

 everything that I do it's good。 because you give people the opportunity to experience you even when you're not around。

 Social media is your friend。 I don't like it。 I don't really care about。😊。

But I do it because girls like it。That's it。 You know， you could get a car。

 a nice fancy car because girls like it， you can get a good suit。

 you can put some moose in your hair because girls like it。Social media is one more thing。

 It's not gonna kill you。 right， I just do it for the girls。 They appreciate。

 It helps awesome moments like this。 You know， we're meeting in a club in Miami。

 It's like 30 minutes before I pull。 So I'm like， here's a much information about me and my life。

 You can see it。 You can see that I'm the guy that I'm saying I am。😊。

You have a house in LA Wait are you going to Atlanta I was just in Atlanta。

 I'm going to Atlanta on Wednesday， my brother lives there。One of my brothers， I should go rightland。

るてだか。It's on the way north it's north here， right yeah？

I should stop in Atlanta on my way back to Canada I'm going to Canada in five days my brothers got to be out of town on Wednesday and I'm well his wife is sort of going be home maybe but I'm mostly gonna be hanging out by myself in Atlanta all day on Wednesday What is she doing here？

Opening the door。 Yeah， he's like hell yeah， opening the door。 So she's literally saying I wantna。

 I wantna date you pretty much。 I want to spend time with you。

 I like what does what does she seen for me so far。 I's evidence。

 have thing I call say evidence theory， right Like based on that Ralph Waldo Emerson what you do speak so loudly。

 I can't even hear say What does she seen from me so far。 I can handle situations with other dudes。

 I can be friendly with a group people I don't know。 I'm hilarious。 I'm selfmused。

 I pursue what I want。 She's got all the evidence。 shes my Instagram。

 She got all this evidence20 minutes she I want to date this guy。 guy I want to want to date with。

 So I know she's creating the opportunity for us to hang out。 like awesome。

 She wants to hang out alone at her brother's house all day on Wednesday when they're gone A。

 So what do I do。😊，Am I going to wait to next Wednesday to hang out with her？Yes， why would I。

 Why would I wait， Oh you're joking， Okay， why， why would I， who says show hands。

 Who says that I should wait to Wednesday and hang out with her。 show hands。😊。

Nobody are you guys just saying that because think it's the wrong answer。 Okay。

 why do you guys think I shouldn't hang out with her or wait till Wednesday to hang with her。

 Things can change。 Bu temperature happens。 An old boyfriend comes back in the picture。

 She gets sick。 Her playing is delayed。 A million things can happen。 So when a girl says to you。

 I want to hang out with you。 In that moment， she actually means it。When a girl says to you。

 I want go on a date on Wednesday。 and she says， yes， she actually means it。 But then life happens。

 shit happens。 And then she doesn't hang out with you anymore。 And you're like， fuck。

So the girls aren't necessarily lying。 They're telling you the truth in that moment。

 They're in that moment， what she says is actually true。

 She actually believes that todays Sunday and Wednesday and four days or three days， actually。

 we're gonna hang out。 She believes it。 She's saying it with conviction。 She believes it。

But shit's gonna happen in between now and then most likely。

 So also her buying temperature can change， right， She actually be into me right now。

 And then she's just， she's just not as turned on。 She gets her period or whatever。 I don't know。

 right， So what I decide to do is she say she's into me in the future。Make something happen now。

 We're together now。 We have the moment together now。 We're here together now。

 Make something happen tonight。 That's my key for。 This is ready to go。

The fact she say she wants to go on a date。 I'm like， this is ready to go。 I'm gonna persist。

 I'm gonna make something happen。 I'm gonna be creative and solve problems。

 And I know the logistics is fucked。 I know she has five girls in her hotel room。

 I know I got three guys in my place。 So I gotta make it happen now。😊，Just one day。

 only Well think bad they comes some。Very same morning？One Sunday night I may hang out to you。

Prety much depends if you good as we perfectly honored。I mean。

I'm also hanging here with two of my brothers in Atlanta。

 so that also depends on if they approve them。Boys in my life。

I'll fight them beat up fight my brothers brothers for love by the way。

 that's one of my favorite lines。 It depends if you're a kiss or not。

 I like that line because lets her know that you actually are thinking about making the move。

 You're probably make the move。 But the same time you're screening at the same time you're like we'll see if you if this is good before you go all the way。

 And she's like， you got prove it to my brothers。 Im really proving anybody。 I don't like that frame。

 So I take I'm like we'll see we'll see they're enough I don't want to prove myself to her brothers。

 don't proving frame。 like my whole idea of like romance is that the guy and the choose to meet in the middle。

 not like the guy proves the that he deserves to be with or the guy has courtship。

 the whole idea of dating you think about it dating is like it's toxic。 It's flawed。

 The whole idea is a guy goes to get girl spends money on girl on date to prove。😊。

That he has chance to get to know girl。It's like that's whole the whole thing is fucked。

 My dates are generally I meet halfway in the middle with the girl and we go for a coffee to screen each other out first。

 Or if the girl comes all the way to me， which she's investing， which I like the most。

 She comes all the way to see me。 I'm gonna pay for the drinks because she invested time。

 She invested gas。 She invested driving for half an hour to get there。

 So I don't like this the guy has to prove to the girl thing I like this meeting in the middle halfway thing。

 that's why I try to do it。 And I know I try to sit that frame from the beginning because later on。

 I'll get fucked over because courtship is normal these days。 if they want to it。

If you really love me， they'll accept to you， but if you don't then they'll kick you out I really like you if I really love you。

Let's go it late You I don't I don't think she as a love type。

 I you more is like to pull your hair in spanky type。

 So now I start dropping a little sexual intensity here， right the kissing。

 are either my favorite lines is are you either pull your hair in spanky type or the soft and cuddling type right she might be like she'll either say you can't ask me that question。

 I know she's not sexually open right She's more reserved。 She might say I'm not really sure。

 which is good or she like youll have to find out for yourself。😊。

ith eitherither the last two are pretty good means I know where we are where I stand with her and how redish she is what her buying temperature is like you more the I right I right are you more like the cuddling the cuddling type or you more the latter？

I know eventually someday I might find love。And it's a legs。I'm looking for love。You're like。

 are you serious or you nodding of your head like no， no， okay？Do you not believe me？I believe here。

I don't know， I don't take myself very seriously。So then。たライク。

I'm just saying if you want to come hanging out in Atlanta。

 you have to go through the rather gate like that， you just come hang out with me。Oh。

 I love my brother he can come that's awesome， I won't do with them。

 I'll steal you away when you out there you're come see me come'm working it。

If you're worth it if you like me and you're coming see me that's it you don't offering extension to Atlanta they'm like I'm too busy' bullshit that my Okay。

 thats How long are you in the night to4？嗯。I'm leaving here on Wednesday and I'm staying there till Sunday Okay。

 I can pull through and then I'm going back to Chicago I can pull through or I can stop by Chicago either or。

I do I travel about 30 cities be serious what my schedule is just busy you just asked me if I was looking for love or looking。

Defing， basically。Yeah。It answer those questions。A little bit of both。A little bit of column A。

 a little bit of column C。Basically。Right。This is also very good， too。

 because there's write this down。 there's three levels of conversation。

 You can have a conversation about just you。 That's the first conversation you to have。 Hey。

 I'm the type of guy that does this。 I don't like this。 You make statements。 I like this。

 I don't do this。 I believe in this。 My goals are， most of your approach should be statements about you。

😊，Hey， I'm doing this。 This is cold cool I like bh， bla statements about you。 Okay， what you like。

 what you hate， what you love， what kind of guy you are。

 Then there's a conversation where you have conversation about her。 Hey， what do you do， So what。

 what kind of girl you， What do you do in life， What are you happy about， What are you working on。😊。

This conversations about her。Now， guys mostly make the mistake of walking up to a girl and going straight into conversation about her。

What's your name， Where are you from， Holold you， I don't do that。 First。

 I start off with a conversation about me。 I made a conversation about me。 That's my。

 that's my first like， maybe couple minutes。 right， conversation about me。😊。

And then I have conversation about her where I'm like， you this da da。

 like we're talking about the brothers and stuff like that。And ultimately。

 right now we're at the we conversation。We should do this。 We're like this together。 us。 It's us。

 This is how we are， right， having a conversation about us。

 that conversation about us is the ultimate place you want to get to be where it's you and the girl are together having experience。

 Not she's not talking about my gay Tinder date anymore。 That was just a joke。 right， That's gone。

 Now， we're like in the us conversation。 us us together。 We， we， we， So it's not guy and girl。

 are a guy trying to pick up girl。 It's us。 We have decided to be together。 That's the frame。

 We're deciding to be together。 It's us against the world。 me against you。

 me against me and you against the world， baby， thick or thin， right or die。

 Bonnie and Clyde's me and you。 That's the frame I want to have。😊，I was just into Chicago。

 I can't find it。I was just there， I love Chicago。hich bar did I go to I don yeah look I was just there hell that's Chicago Marriott。

 that was last one recently。It a while ago， this is Chicago too， yeah， Chicago。I'm in turn shottown。

 you must do this in every city you go to what find a girl。

We found each other that's good to know we found each other it's good to know。刚 every single city。

INot very testing Madison， do you think that would hurt you probably？我就没好娘。

I don't know about boxs helping right now。Don't play games， don't be point， I'm not playing games。

 don't be point。To answer a question， in order to have a girl in your life， You need two things。

 You need value and you need comfort。 Okay， I'm kind of give you the answers right here。

 You need value and comfort。 When a girl says to you， I don't know if I can trust you yet。

 What are you lacking。 Which one are you lacking。Comfort， right， good， good。 So in my head right now。

 I'm like， let her get to know me a little bit more deeper。 Let me go deeper with the conversation。

你好。Reaer。The sweater will keep you warm， the sweater is of the all mightighty power。

y magical almighty magical sweater。も。No you seemed too cool for me so thanks are you are you actually I don't know if you're just complimenting me or if you actually believe it that cool you actually believe that you're like not cool at all is that if you actually believe you actually think like you're a total square and like a total nerd were you like I'm a total nerd you like the type of girl that was like hot like you werenerd first and you became hot later in life like a herd？

It hot nervous because I think you're pretty hot。I think you're really fucking I'm a nerd。

I'm a little bit in nerd too。you see my okay， you want to see my big ele glasses？

I don't have them on right now。Here we go， this is on my Instagram what is that phone4 S it's being replaced don't look don't look at it look look at the4 S okay bam。

Ultimate nerd experience as soon it loads you have 4% battery on that that was going to be really hard you got to plug betting。

Y let me little quick get close。Look at the glasses Oh， you're kind of noy， not loading。Oh， oh。

 just loaded。Yeah， that's super nerdy bro that's like adorable and totally believe 3 before I was was kind of adors that's total Stevele with the big nose This is school photos wearing the church the church outfit to the school photos and then saying like what church photos was I't I'm singing expression the Sunday Sunday outfit So're really deep telling about my life。

 my old photos when I was a nerd she asked me also like what do I want to do in life I started telling her I want to make a difference in the world I want to build the empire leave a legacy I'm not making shit up I thought about it in advance as every guy should do what is your purpose。

 what are your desinies， what are your goals。ImThinking about all this and I'm expressing it there。

 So we're going really， really deep。I'll skip that part it's kind of like boring。And then。Actually。

 it's not that long， thought it was longer than it was。Okay， and then after I get the vibe。

 she's ready to now is the time。 I see the window of opportunity that I make a move。

 really extreme already。 Have you ever done that。😊，Negative， really negativeatory， yeah。And， indeed。

I'm going to admit that I've done it twice？以为。I then Coke price， that's right price。

I'm giving you something else。Can of else。So at this point， I'm making a joke， right， she'ss like。

 she says she's done blow twice in her life。 I'm like， I go to her like that。 And I'm like。😊。

Is this your coca， Like， I'm giving you something else。

 I try to my finger in her mouth and see how far it will go。

 Go see like how sexually receptive she is。 is she'll either like just， you know。

 she'll take the finger or she'll like be disgusted by it。 Im just kind of see。 But she kind of like。

 she kind of leans back on the bed。 So I'm like。Interesting， allright， d ding， ding ding。

 we have a winner。 Now， now it's time to push it through a little bit。

 We see Ive I've been very receptive to how she's felt in the moment woman basis。

 when she needed more comfort before she opened up sexually。

 I gave her more comfort when she needed to get to know me better。 I went really deep。

 Talk about my childhood and my past and all that kind of stuff when she needed just to laugh。

 I showed her laughing。 I showed her great moments of happiness。

 I showed her sarcastic sense of humor。 She's seen in 30 minutes or like 30 or 40 minutes。

 multiple sides of my personality。 would you say she has a good idea of what kind of guy she's dealing with。

 Yeah， character based pickup。 So once again， this girl is completely sober。

 No alcohol at all and she's ready to go。😊，I've got a twice。Okay， go。我只。

We're go for a walk right here yeah， let's go for a walk， okay， for a walk。Explore the area。That it。

 It's a story。 you wantan to go for a walk， sure。That's it。

 because a lot of guys think cloudball things like LMR。

 This is a lot of resistance when it comes to pulling and getting a girl out and like that。

 If you do all the right work up front， LMR doesn't exist。

 LMR is just a term that I think really means you had bad game at the beginning。

Like it's like saying like， oh my rent is I got evicted， I got evicted from my house， damn landlord。

 no， pay your fucking rent。Right， oh， I got cavities。 I got cavities the dentist。s dentists fault。

 No， you didn't brush your teeth。 You didn't floss。 Okay。

 I've actually become obsessed with flossing right now。 by the way。

 I'm like obsessed with that I went to the dentist once and I had like this amazing dentist a huge cleaning $4 cleaning。

 And now I floss like， like I get turned on by the flossing。

 There was a point where like the detail of flossing pissed me off。 and I hated it。 I'm like。

 oh flossing。 I floss every day now I'm like like， yeah， get there， get deep in there。

 I fell in love with the details of doing the right thing。 I fell in love with the process。

 the routine， the action of doing the work。 I fell in love with that。 So a lot of guys say， you know。

 I have LMR。 Lr is just the symptom。😊，It's a symptom。

 The root cause is you didn't floss The root cause is you didn't run good game。

 The root cause you didn't show all aspects of your personality， your character。

 So when it's time to go， the girl isn't ready。 The girl isn't ready to， to go with you。

 My pull here is， I go for a walk。😊，Yeah。End the conversation， that's it。I got it my pocket。🎼。Thank。

Indeed， yes I do。な？あるな。嗯。I really like eating。And how do you feel about your decision？

Do feel like it was a reasonable decision？开始。A way around， it went through the water。I like。Yeah。

 the actual actual option。Youre making be nervous。I thought I was open here to go around me。

don't me nervous。I like you。哼哼。Just's the boardwalk right there。Yeah，I trust me to。

So you were about to actually maybe not go out tonight。And then decided to do it， not be lame。

It's like the lame person who doesn't like to go。That's awesome I like to sleep and not drink。🎼より有がら。

Mmhmm。So are you looking a Netflix and showper？The the older I get。

 the more I actually like to Netflix and chill and I'm more like the chill and I like to go to yoga and not drink Oh really and eat a lot of healthy food。

So's the kind of person here。Coine person， you a yoga， bigram yoga or hot yoga love bigra。

If I'm going yoga， it can only be hot yoga， Oh nice。

And you go to health food to eat a lot of Who foods， I'm guessing。Po foods， if like that。Yeah。本す。

F learn。I'm sorry to help this up， I take shots to reach you much。Lemon juice。

I have smoothies every day。It's smoothie。I like my friends are going to hate and like it's fine。

 they got booze， well they got a table with booze。There绕根。This is bad news bears。

There's so many people at the ocean here， there's like 0， 10 too many people。

There's like so many people at the ocean there。可以的。Go ahead to go to Lighthouse， layhouse。

 lighthouse， gohouse， whatever what that is。I think I can。

I think I can do anything into my minds too。Because you're a motivational speaker， maybe。Like baby。

I think you worth it。Oh， our shoes are all right。I see steps， okay。嗯。没我。They watch。job criminal。

Let be honest。The way it is。I like your。Whatever， whatever my family's in the whatever。但是睇。

Can we get it， Can we get it。あs not don。Swat。Okay。Its fuck。I wanted you the first second I saw you。

Clearious of that。You did say that。Yeah。So。