# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：32 技术力学 - 价值耳光 【加微信kc58567获取更多此类课程】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。All right。What I want to also do is have you think about approaching as the value slap and the three stool analogy。

 this is what I call it， okay， the value slap and the three stool analogy。When you approach。

 you want to come so strong， so correct， so on point that imagine that she was like a stool， okay。

 a stool of four legs， one， two， three， four， what happens if you take off one of the legs of the stool？

It kind of yeah， it still stands up but it's like easy to be knocked over okay I want her being a little bit like that stool。

 I want her being a little bit unsure about what I really like do I really like her。

 do I not like her do I want her is am I out of her league is there somebody else that I'd rather talk to am I impressed with her。

 what I go home with her， I want to questioning these thing I want to have this dialogue in her head like what's this all about like who is this guy？

ho who does this guy think he is a little bit， who is this guy like who you'll see my in later。

 girls literally say， who are you like in a happy way， not， who the fuck are you。

 like who are you right？I want my。Approach to have that emotional impact to land with her emotionally that way。

 So she feels it。 She gets a certain reaction from my approach。 Okay， the three stool analogy。

 Now how I do that is by having a value slap， I call it， right。

 The value slap is just on your approach。You just do the best you fucking can basically everything we talk about。

 the voice toi authorative eye contact squaring up， not going from behind。

 expressing yourself all the shit， you just do all that and the value slap will take care of itself okay you don't think I' like do I have value how do I offer value the value slap just do what I've told you and what I will tell you and that'll take care of itself right？

So we both like something about each other fuck you。Who are your， this fuck are you？There's 30 now。

Fellow with a dirty mouth， you always start conversations and with cut the fuck up really。

 how's that working for you looks great Really Oh my goodness。

 I don't know if I love you or hate you。