# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：愿景板（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

All right， welcomecome back。 So last week or last month or whatever the video last mission could have been an hour ago could have been just you're that fast。

 man， you're just that fucking fast。 You just took action So I don't know how long ago it was。

 but very long ago it was welcome back。 happyy to have you here again。

 Now you're back and we're gonna do the next mission。 Okay so far in the last one。

 we talked about what we talk about that drive。 So how do you develop drive， focus on passion goals。

 you outline your goals， Think the way to get to the pragmatically。 you think about focusing。

 you do saying no to the things that don't help you and you do focus on the things that do help you say no to the wrong customers to say yes。

 to the right customers。😊，Blah， blah， blah， blah， blah， blah， blah， all that good stuff so now。

You have done that。 You have done all that。 And what is next。

 The next thing is to take all that drive we've now honed in on， establish， outline。

 and we understand it and put it towards good use。 And we're gonna do that by having you make a vision board。

 we're gonna talk about the law of attraction for a little bit and not in some cheesy way。

 It's gonna be esoteric and mystical and not really make sense。

 but we're gonna talk about it in a way that's actually practical。

 You could apply it and it's useful for you。 All right So I'll tell you how I first started my first vision board and what the results of that were。

 So I think it was about four years ago or something like that。

 I decided that I was gonna make my vision board。 I had watched all these other people do it And they were these girls that would like put all these pictures of stuff they want to do work out and go to Barcelona and all these things And they really wouldn't having those things achieved right So I was like。

 what makes a difference。 And I realized while。😊，That's not just the action of the vision board。

 it's what you do once you actually have it， Now explain what you do when you have it in a bit。

So I made my vision board， and some of the things that I got out of it were。

P prettytty much 50% of the things that were on the board I got。 So one of the things， for example。

 was I wanted to live in a glass condo， not this one where I am right now。

 but I wanted to live in a beautiful glass condo with like a 180 balcony or like a 2270 or whatever the number is and I ended up getting this beautiful condo curved building and the condo was actually a circle and half of it was like glass or even more than half it was glass。

 I got that。 It was actually one of the most architecturally renowned awarded buildings on Cans。

 I got that。 And I was like what I want a car。 So I put actually I put a porchorsche。

 It was a porchorsche cayenne is what I wanted。 and Porsche cayenne what I did is I didn't just put the photo there。

 but I'll tell you what I did in a second。 I ended up not getting Porsche cayenne。

 but I ended up getting a Mercedes M350 and list goes on and on。 I wanted to write a book。

 funny thing is with boss actually did write a book came with boss。

 You can see that the way to superior boss that 92 page book we put that together had an editor for。

And that's that's a book right one of the things was I want want to do a Ted talk。 This is crazy。

 Think about this。 Actually， I surprised it right down。

 I wanted to do a TEed talk and I had a picture of me or a Ted talk stage and somebody speaking on it。

 And I never actually did a Ted talk。 But what do I do for a living now I'm on stage every weekend doing a free tour a hot seat event。

 So it's kind of funny because in some way all of my goals manifested even probably some goals that came to think about right now。

 but they didn't manifest themselves into other opportunities。 Another one was I wanted a motorcycle。

😊，I ended up not doing that because it was a little complicated with you have to find somebody to ride with you。

 and I couldn't find somebody to ride with me to get that motorcycle license。

 But I think you're actually in the process for the summer for getting a jet ski when everybody is like really has a jet ski and he's like。

 hey， but I just park it in my place at the dock。 So that's pretty cool One of the things was I wanted to pay off credit card debt。

 I did pay off a credit card debt and get my first credit card。

 And the biggest thing was I wanted to make $100000。😊，A year。 That was my biggest thing at that time。

 And there was some of the stuff like I wanted to do like tempo karate。 I wanted to do。

 I can't remember some of the stuff that I don't remember。 but it was was all pretty good。

 I think like 80% of it 40% of it happen。 Okay， the majority would happen。

 So the first mistake that people make is when I make vision board to just make them and they don't make it realistic to themselves。

 Okay， they just pick whatever items they want。 I was very， very precise with what I wanted。 Okay。

 it was everything that was in the vision board represented a certain quality or character or ambition。

 And I chose pictures that really arouse an emotion out of me。

 picturesture that I can imagine myself in that scenario。 So that's the key。

 want to imagine it as if you were in that scenario。 You can like not automatically。

 but you can almost transport your brain into that surrounding that environment that picture that you'd have putting it there。

😊，And I did that。Every single time that I had the vision board or I added a picture to the vision board。

 So majority of mistakes people make is they just kind of get these items and they don't really。

 you they post them on a cardboard and they don't really look at it for a while。

 That feels like you've accomplished making the vision board because you went to print out these photos and you want to a computer and looked at all of them and it feels like you've accomplished something but it's not actually that。

😊，What makes it successful is the practice of the vision board。 Okay， the practice of it。

 So I study the law of attraction a lot for a very， very long time in my life。😊，About3 to four years。

 I study this not just the very， very simple things like you know， the secret and stuff like that。

 But actually went and I joined societies to understand it better。

 I went and I read original books like the master key system。 I wentt and I practiced visualization。

 I practice affirmations， which is where you you know， you speak something into existence。

 You're like， today， I'm gonna do great。 And today， I'm gonna。

 just speak about yourself or I am very confident。 you speak it out loud。 I practice incantations。

 which is kind of like repeating something like a meditative trance。

 I practice all that breath work and everything， which is not like not really a form of visualization。

 but you know， its in that kind of and I guess。😊，That realm of practices。Excuse me。So， then。

When I made my vision board， I didn't just make it and leave it。 I every。

 I put it actually above my ceiling in my room。 And when I was up there in the ceiling every night before I go to sleep and every day that I woke up。

 I。Focus on it with the visualization。For example，100000。 What did I do。I am， literally。

lie there with my eyes closed。 I picture of the bank。 It was my bank that had the time。

And I picture myself with a bag in my hand， and I would open the door。

 and I'd feel how the door fell to my hand and walking into the front room。

And the excitement is I walk through the front room of the front office of the bank。

 and there's always that lady there， the guy there the door， the greeter。

' they can help you and I say， yes， I'm here to cash a check。And they're like， interesting， you know。

 and they goes right this way， and then I walk get in line， I go to the teller。

And then I would tell the tell her that I'm here to cash a check for 100000。 And I would picture it。

 I would feel it in my hands， and I would slam the check down the counter， and I'd feel the pen。

 she'd ask me to sign the back of it。 how that would feel my hand。 And I remember the ladies's voice。

 I remember the smell of the air。 I would remember how it sounded like the sound voice。

 the sounds in the atmosphere the temperature， I remember what I'm wearing all that stuff。

 And I remember her taking a check and she'd go to the back。

 And I remember the awkward pause of waiting while she verifies it with her manager。 And she says。

 sir， how would you like this， she was in 20s and 50s and hundreds， And I go， I want all in hundreds。

 And then I remember her going to the machine。 and she'd take the stacks of bills。

 and shed put it through the machine the cash counter machine and whatever it is she put the stacks。

 Id watch her put the rubber bands on the money。😊，And then stacked them down。

 So it sort like a stack like here， here， here， here， here。

 She piled up slowly and slowly and slowly and slowly。 It's like a little pyramid triangle。 And I。

 I would count along with her while she was counting the money because， you know。

 before they evening the money， I was counting like a count。 So I'd count the stacks along with her。

 okay。😊，And then I' take that。 And I'd count it again as I took each stack one by one off the pyramid。

 I put it into my bag。 I the bag。 I thank her very much。 She very happy to do business with me。

 And I'd walk out and that was one of the visualizations that I would do every morning and every night before I went to sleep。

 And I would imagine how it felt。 And I like I'd put a emotion into it。

 I wouldn't just be passively watching this like this is a movie show or movie theater like movie show whatever from the 40s。

 Like I was a movie， was a movie cinema。 Okay， I would watch it passively。

 I'd really throw myself into the the moment and feel the emotions of that moment and realized all the sensations that are happening and really experience it totally。

 almost like a lucid dream。 But I really experience it。😊，And I would do that for the money part。

 I did that for the condo part。 I did that for the car。 let me tell you I did for the Porsche。 Okay。

 I'd imagine this with a porsche。 Like， you know， meet some guy in in a parking lot。

 and he's trying to sell you the car and like， you know， he let to test drive it。

 I imagined all that。 And then I can't remember where I got this from。

 It could have been from Steve Harb Ecker or somebody else。

 But I actually went to the Porsche dealerships。 So when I was broke。

 I would go to the porsche dealerships。 And Id put up my best suit。 the girlfriend。

 I was dating at this time， which was kind of hilarious， I would have put my best suit。 and you know。

 a nice blazer。 I'd clean my shoes。 Id， I in my shirt and then I would go to the porsche dealership。

 and when I was there。😊，I would， you know， greet the guy the front door。

 and I I'd inquire about the cars， and then I'd even fill out the application form to buy a Porsche。

 Now， I knew I couldn't afford the porsche， right， like I couldn't do it that time。 at the time。

 I wanted a think I think I wanted a。2011， I think it was affordable，2011。

 like Porsche cayenne or with the 9/11 Porsche turbo or something like that。 Like I would just。

 you know whatever was available in the shop at the time。 and I would go in the car。

 and I'd sit in the car and I would grip my hands on the steering wheel。

 I would like literally take it in my hand。 I would feel the sensation of the rubber or the leather。

 I would feel that And Id grip it in the stitching。

 I feel it underneath my finger your fingerprints I know that's called there。 I'd feel that。

 And I'd smell the new smell car。 And Id just like really sensationalize it， you know。

 like all the sensations。 and Id imagine myself。 I'm in that car in the dealership driving down the road and。

😊，Everything so I would do that， I did it about two or three times before it was just so deep in my。

Brain that I feel like I already had it。 So the idea with all these visuals is you want to make it normal to your。

 This is the big key here。 Make it normal to your subconscious。 that's to have the thing。

You can't desire the thing， you have to feel as if you have it and you're acting for a place of having it and just taking more action。

Some of people say to themselves。If I had everything， I wouldn't take action at all。 That's not true。

 you have everything you want， You take action from a place of happiness rather than a place of I'm lacking it。

 So I do do that。 to be honest， I honestly do this as well as beautiful studying girls。 Now。

 I don't think you you just visualize yourself being with studying girls It takes fixes all of your inner game and fixes all of your outer game。

 I don't think that at all。 I think that's people that say that are lying themselves， but。😊。

If you do it， it does help a little bit that that when you at least on the initial approach。

 you feel more comfortable in their presence。 And of course。

 remember to breathe slowly and be at pace and practice all the awareness things that we've done is video program so far。

 Okay， so this is your mission， your mission for this week or this month or however faster you're doing these。

 go out there and make a vision board， go to the nearest either the pharmacy You can go to CS。

 You can go to Walgreens。 You can go to shoppers drug wherever it is。 and you get one of those。😊。

I think it's 3 by4，2 by three big pieces of white card。

 And just go find a a friend that has a printer on a computer or go to like an Internet cafe and print out some photos。

 make sure their color。 You know， the photos should be like， It know。

8 inches by 8 inches are however large they are gonna be so you can still see them from a distance if they're on the wall on the ceiling。

 print those out， get some glues， stick them on and make a whole process。

 And think about really what your know， what your goals are， What are your goals for this year。

 what are your twoy goals。 give yourself some times was not just in the next six months that you want to achieve these things。

 But your one year goals， your two year goals and。One at a time， one at a time， maybe。

 maybe just focusing on one thing for a day or for a week or whatever it is。 But one at a time。

 go through these things and they're on your vision board and come with the visualization of a minute。

 maybe two minutes and make it part of your morning ritual， which you're already doing now。

 right for your morning ritual， make it part of your morning ritual and you go to sleep ritual and you'll be amazed at how it starts to reprogrammed your subconscious brain and rewire all the connections that you have。

 And even when you're not really aware of。😊，How you're gonna achieve that goal。

 You're kind of just pulled in the direction。 So it happens to you。

 Not effortlessly you gonna to put effort， but it happens more automatic。

 The direction kind of is easier And things that are small details work themselves out。

 you don't have to worry about as much。 Al right， So that is it。 Thank you very much。

 And I look forward to seeing your vision boards in the telegram group， the Whatsapp group。

 all that what's just telegram and the Facebook group， minute to say。

 so look forward to seeing those。 And I will share mine in there as well。

 But you already have it in this video。 So that's it for now。 Thank you very much。

 And ass always keep in touch and don't be a stranger piece。😊。

