# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：20 体验-每月2次志愿者 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Welcome to experiences， welcome to experiences now。

So happy you're here I'm happy you're here to do this with me let me tell you a little about why I want to do experiences。

 what they are and how they're going to be moving forward so the why part I noticed。

A problem our challenge actually when I would teach students and a problem slash challenge。

Was that I would give them all this information I'd sit them down I have these great， great seminars。

 tons of information， great stuff， amazing stuff， and they take notes and say awesome。

Now go do that thing and they couldn't fucking do it， they couldn't do it。

 they couldn't do what I asked them even though I sat down and explain it to them like maybe even showed infield that demonstrated before them and they couldn't do it。

 they couldn't repeat。What I told them no matter how much they kind of clicked in their minds so I said myself what am I gonna do got this program here。

 I got this course and you're taking it with me and I value the fact that you tried to invest into yourself I value that you made the effort to learn and become better know to improve yourself to morph of a change and I'm happy about that I want to want to deliver for you I don't want to disappoint you I want to give you something that's really gonna make a difference in your life like no bullshit I want to like make the difference for you though I never met you I care about you and I want that they happen for you you deserve it you've invested into yourself for this course and you want to get a result andm so fuck yeah you should have that result。

So I say the right。Self， as I refer myself sometimes， Se， what are you going to do here。

 What are you going to do here， I said， okay， I want to include missions。In boss。

 so there's definitely missions here。 missions are great things you can go out and you can do a night。

But what about that long term change what about that progressive change know because so much of change in human beings is just about habits and also you know RSD would say deep identity level change or cellular level change what that is that's change at the deepest level at your core at your core so you think you are a different person by the end of it a lot of change in life happens that way like for example。

 you go to the gym I would say this example， but you see my point in a second。

 you go to the gym you get the results the first day or the first week no you get the results after time it's the compound practice that makes the change the compound practice every day that makes the change makes the emotional change。

 emotional shift it's the I really think of game is almost like an emotional practice and emotional repetition and that emotional repetition is what makes you grow has to be over many。

 many times or many occurrences so I thought that。You know what made me really good a game in the last few years when I noticed I had huge leaps and bounds or when I went on and had experiences。

 experiences that shifted the way I saw the world， the way I thought about the world。

 and the way I thought about myself。At a。Like It want to say identity level， but at its core。

 at its root。Yeah， it's so hard sometimes to let go of who you think you've always been and get this new identity that you're trying to aspire to be and this new person you think could be if you really worked hard on it。

And that shift is so hard， that transformation is so hard， and when I had these experiences。

 they really changed me。Some of the experiences were like when I went on vacation with my buddies where I went to World Smit for a week and hung out all these cool dudes I'd even know existed they taught me a whole bunch of things when I tried to do businesses when I met know guys that were interested in fitness and they really molded me and taught me when I had things that were challenges when I had girls I was having problems with they breaking up with and just the experiences of life are what really make you who you are so。

The experience is changing， I think of you know the biggest experience I think with my buddy Brandon Carter。

 he talks about this all the time he says， you know when he was 12 years old。

 his father shot himself。So when has dad shot himself commit suicide？That's a horrible。

 tragic experience that nobody should ever have to go through， especially at 12 years old。

But think about him， he decision at that point， either he was going to take that experience and just go with the horrible association with that。

 just how he felt， go to a darker place， or to take that experience and make the best out of it and now he uses it kind of like as a driving force behind him in his life some way。

 which is fantastic so happy for him。So。Your experiences aren't necessarily what shape you。

 it's also your response to the experience。What do I want to do this course？

I give you experiences that are going to shape you and when you go through these experiences。

 you have to choose what the definition of the experience is to you say I went through this thing。

What does it mean？Primarily， I was this thing， what does it mean？I can't tell you what it means。

 you to actually tell yourself what it means。Okay， so the first experience I want to do for you。

 it's very， very basic， it's probably something maybe even done before。

 but we're going to do it for a different meaning now okay。

The first experience I want is I want you to go volunteer。That is it。

 you can volunteer at animal shelter， you can volunteer at an old folks home。

 you can volunteer with the needies， people that need food， whatever you want to do。30 minutes。

Once every two weeks， it' two times a month， I want you to go and volunteer， very， very basic。Now。

And you' say in Madison， I've volunteered before， it made that much of a big difference。

 and and I didn't it was great on the same person as I was before， listen。

 this is how it to be different。This time when you volunteer。

 you're going to volunteer for a selfish reason。You're not going to volunteer to give to others what you will give to others。

 but your reasons are selfish， you're going to volunteer because you want to learn。

Because you want to learn about yourself so a different shift to focus right have volunteer because you have to or somebody you' pushed you into or they forced you or it's Christmas time and everybody's doing it。

 you feel bad if you don't do it， you're gonna to do it for selfishless reasons because you want to。

 you want to get something out of it。What you're going to get out of volunteering is this。

You are going to try to understand。The shift and when you see somebody worse off than yourself。

All right， so you look at somebody that's worse off than you。And you say， hm。

Whatever I'm feeling isn't so bad， whatever I'm going through could be worse。

 so it's going to do two things， A it's going to make you have sympathy。For other people around you。

 have empathy， for other people around you， care for them， get out of your own problems， like。

 oh my problems are so bad， butoo， especially else has worst problems。And on top of that。

 it's going to make you feel gratitude。You're going to feel gratitude for what you do have you're going to feel gratitude for what is going on well you're going to feel gratitude that you're in a position to even be able to help somebody as the person you're helping is' in a position to help anybody else a brilliant position to help themselves right so you're gonna have that empathy and that gratitude it's gonna to be both sides so it's really a selfish reason because you're learning about yourself you're learning about yourself and if you could stick with it for a while at least for several months you're going to learn that。

You can have the ability to give on a regular basis we become part of your habits so I'll explain for a few angles here notes thing that I read。

 not a person， but the thing that I read a long time ago said that if you want to start to get rich you have to start savings no matter what if you have $10 you make a week and that's all your bills。

 pay yourself $1 before you pay another $9 away， start paying into yourself that way if when you eventually become a millionaire。

 you still have that habit of paying into yourself paying yourself first it's the same thing with gratitude or volunteering if you have the habit there of giving to others once you get more successful still have that habit of giving to others and it's a habit you don't want to lose so you learn a lot about yourself from just keeping that habit on a regular basis and you appreciate the fact that you stick with it you're like I stick with this thing that's pretty hard I stuck with this thing I didn't think I could do but I stuck with it anyways that's phenomenal just fact day in。

 day out。Even when you didn't feel like doing it， even when there were days is you didn't want you still did it。

 you're still stuck with it okay so your're giving for selfish reasons the person that gives feels better usually than the person that receives if they process it this way and it also gets you in the habit of learning a game pick up learning that when you approach others and you talk to them you're giving with expecting nothing in return。

 you might give them a good response you give them a good value you walk up and give them value good joke conversation they give you nothing back but this will help you to condition your brain the act of giving is enough to get pleasure from just the act of giving alone you don't need to have them respond well to enjoy the act of giving you enjoy giving for giving sake that's a huge major lesson right there and again。

 as always。When you go through these experiences， okay post your feedback， post what you're thinking。

 what you're feeling， what happened to you when you did it。

 what you saw posted in the boss group on the phone app post it in Facebook we all see it shares encourage people the tribe is a very important part guys that are going through these experiences I also gonna to learn a lot from you you're gonna learn a lot from them and it's going to shift you both and we have that brotherhood of likeminded individuals so that's it that's all for today that's that's your experience long-term mission for the month and I'll see you next month with the big one What I want to do moving forward here is I want to be able to do these with you so I'll probably even bring a camera like this out with me in the field and I'll actually do a video where I do this experience along with you and I do the future experiences along with you so you see me going through the same shift that you're going through these are things I may have done before but it's always get to go and do them again so you feel like we're doing them together and we're keeping accountability to each other Thank you much for watching and I'll see you in a month。

