# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：50 钩子 - 性钩 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。So throughout the conversations with me times when a girl doesn't invest。

 what you got to do is this you got to either have silence or tease her to open up So for girls' not talking。

 I'll just leave a little bit of silence， let her contribute to the conversation or' say this I'll say step your game up girl right。

 step your game up girl。This is the part where you contribute。

 it's part where you shape my hand all right， now you ask me your name， good。

 we're socially savvy now， cool， okay， fight for me， come on， step your game up。

 tell me what you got。Right， not in the arrogant way in a little bit of a fun teasing way because I want her to get her in the habit of investing。

 A lot of how girls are not used to investing you got to kind of like encourage them to do that。

The sexual hook point happens， basically。After to the social hook point。

 and you become a sexual option， okay， you become a romantic or sensual option。Now， once that starts？

The way that it's created or continues is bisexual tension。

I actually put out a video about this little while ago。Sexual tension is done by a few things right。

 few things to understand。 first thing you understand is that there's three spaces。

 there's your space。Space in the middle and the girl space。

And sexual tension is that act of going in and out of those spaces。Firting with the idea。

 you have to say it again， flirting with the idea of you possibly being interested in her。

 I'll say it again， flirting with the idea of you possibly being interested in her。

 I'll say it again， flirting with the what。Of you， what？Being interested。

 that creates sexual tension because you're flirting with the idea if you open up to a girl and you's like。

 I like you。Game over， game done。 There's no， There's no flirting there。 There's no story。

 There's no excitement。 There's no sparks or butterflies。 just， it's a solved mystery。 Okay。

 to flirt with the idea of you being interested in here。 So you can do that by。😊，Fit verbally。

Talking。They laying back。Having silence。Fighter for me。 What's going on。 S Game up girl。嗯。

Interesting。You don't say。Is that right？I see。 I see。Cool。吓。😮，Right。

Playing with the silence a little bit that also creates a little bit of sexual attention。

The teasing stuff that I talked about creates a little bit of sexual tension。

 the baing stuff that I talked about creates a little bit of sexual tension。嗯。The rhythm。At which。

You speak。Creates。Sexual tension。It's not even what you say， it's how you say it。

So is that black or is that white？Blacker。Hey， to teach their own。哪个嚟 judge you。那 they say。你喺呢度で say。

What the fuck am I saying， doest make sense？But it has a rhythm to it， it has a rhythm to it。

 it has a flow to it， so it's good enough。It's good enough， it has that sexual tension。

 right I could also misinterpret things。A good misinterpretation game。 I could play is this one。

 I call this。 I just invented this last week。 I think I think actually。

 I don't even know why I invented。 I think this guy invented it Dan。 I think Dan invented it。

 So this might go this might go to Dan or maybe in a group effort。 I don't remember who but it's。

 I like my coffee， Like how I like my women。 It's a little game。 you can play as yourself。

 sexualexual misinterpretation game。 right， So I'll play it right here。 I like my coffee。

 like how I like my women black。😊，And bitter。I like my coffee， like how I like my women。

Cheap and available in every corner， I like my coffee， like how I like my women。Without a penis。

That's true because I don't like penis in my coffee， you would know I like my coffee。

 I do anything I I like my lights like how I like my women bright and white。

 I like my conference room like how I like my women。Big and hopefully not so many men inside。

 I like my。I like my computer like how I like my women。Fresh and innovative。

 I like my computer like how I like my women。Not too expensive and state of the art。

 I like my computer like how I like my women personalized and travels ready right So what am I doing。

 I'm just sexually misinterpreting a lot of lot of various things right just sexually interpreting。

 So anything a girl says to you you can sexually misinterpret。

 We're just talking about coffee or school。 You know， she says to you， I'm doing my taxes。

 I'm a nurse。 I go to school here。 right You could always misinterpret this stuff to make it interesting。

😊，You know， I like my like my taxes complicated and old Jewish man is involved， right。

 I like my woman like how I like my taxes only once a month。

once a year depending on how you to go always late All It's just you have fun with it。

 you sexually misinterpreted， you add some spark and some fire to the conversation Now you don't walk up to the girl and say I like my woman like how I like you don't say this but you see habit the idea of misinterpreting things whenever you need to you always feel safe taking a conversation is boring and taking into a sexual kind of flirty vibe right that combined with the other stuff that I told you's gonna do a really really great job the rhythm allowing the silences etc and moving in and out of that space flirting with the idea that you guys like each other you could like you're not sure you're undecided。

 youll see how it goes， maybe if it makes sense we'll see what happens。

 no rush maybe it's not the right time that kind of vibe kind like b vibe you want to have and everything you do and say one more thing I would add to that is also playing with the volume。

The volume so I do this little thing I call ghostm， which is kind of fun。

 you'll see that maybe some of my infill， I might do one infieldll clip if we have time we'll say okay so ghostming is this ghostm is where it's where I bring a girl in really close and I kind of just say whatever I'm saying but it's really low volume。

So I can say。I can bring her clothes and say something like。I'm not really sure， but。If you're down。

Your friends are down。Maybe we can have to party。I'll see。No pressure。No expectations。Could be cool。

I'll let you know。It's not even that cool what I'm saying， right。

 but the fact that you had that close proximity that I' was talking in volume levels up and down。

 make it alluring okay。It's like。You can talk loud da da da， and then talk so， switch it up。

 switch it down， bring your in close， push your way， loud and far。H。Really。That's cool。We'll see。

 right， there's a playing of the space and a playing of the volumes that are there。

All right that's how you also create sexual tension It's not so much what you're saying it's the way that you're expressing it and how you're expressing it。

 how you're communicating it if you do those things， anything you say sounds good。

 it's not it's not my game is just so sick that I always say the best thing ever like I'm gonna get off the stage and have like have like amazing like sexual conversations in the club tonight probably not it'll be the same conversations that you have but it's what I'm doing to communicate those conversations。

 it's the expression of those conversations how I'm saying it when I'm communicating through my voice tone。

 the rhythm the body language in and out the space。

 the volume levels playing with the idea of blank ignorance。

 it's all that stuff that makes it work does the idea of fltting with her and intentionally you're in the beginning。

Conflict the idea of later on flirt with the idea of being interested in her。 Yes。

 but it makes total sense。 It makes no sense or total sense。 Here's what it is。

 A girl knows when you're talking to her that you actually want her。

 but she still wants you to flirt with her。It's not like， hi girl， I like you， you want to fuck。

 let's go。Done logical sequence complete It's like I like you， you're cool， maybe not， are you。

 Yes you are， maybe I don't know， I'm decided yeah， I want you， no。

 I can't I'm gonna to go home with you No way I'm on my period tonight Oh。

 I'm a guy I have period I want to finger here with my dick I said it's that whole back and forth you still have to do the back and forth dance。

You still have to because the back and forth dance is the fun。That's the fun of it。

 She wants to still have that dance， it's attractive。You know， she wants the full experience。

 the full experience when a girl like when a girl goes to a club。

She doesn't just go to the club and do one thing， right。

 she doesn't just go to the club and just dance。Some girls do they're crazy， digital ecstasy。

She wants all of it。 She wants to dance。 She wants to have drinks with their friends。

 She wants to go to the bar。 She wants to go outside and smoke cigarette。

 She wants to get upset at Sarah for being a slut。 She wants to lose her cell phone。

 I think girls want to lose her cell phones。 amount of times like you or me the girl like damn。

 look at your iPhone 6。 It's all cracked on the all cracked in the front。 Do you got a case。 No。

 are you gonna get a case。 No， you must want to break your phone。 It's crazy。

 These girls lose their phone break all times。 makes no sense to me。

 The only thing I can think of that they want to have that full experience。

 I think deep down girls like breaking their phones。Seriously， because it's like a $5 cover。

From like a $5 Chinese rubber cover from like the mall， the kiosk will fix your $600 investment。

you don't want to get a $5 rubber cover for your $600 investment。

 that makes no sense you must like breaking your phone。So what does that mean， does that teach you？然。

The experience， the experience of the emotions， so even though you like her and she likes。

 she still wants you to flirt with the idea that you don't like her。

She still wants to break her phone basically， yeah。As much as no sense of that message。

 it still wants to happen， right？Like geez like every girl you know is like how many phones you have this year。

 three， one， I flushed down the toilet and the other one I broke and the other one I don't I don't know where it is。

 like gosh damn。I like all kinds of your， I like your irrational decisions， we should get together。

 I like a girl that makes bad decisions like me。😊。