# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：52 共振结构 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Next thing is。I like to be very expressive。Okay， very， very， very， very， very， very expressive。

What do I mean by being expressive， what does that mean to you guys when I say that we're expressive。

 curious， anybody want to shout something the out what does that mean to you， body language， okay？

What？Make sure it's pleasure， business is not pleasure， facial expressions， got it， okay？Gess， okay。

 so that's physical expression。 What about verbal expressiveness， What would that be like。

 What that sound like。h emotional， okay， so what would your linguistic structure。

 be like your word structure， what kind of words would you use？Discriminatory。Hopefully not。

motionEmotional words， okay， keep going I guess where's this going？ensory。

 can somebody give me an example of a sentence that would be like an expressive sentence？

I love your dress， okay？Is that okay， make me feel emotional So I love your dress is a fact about an emotion。

 makes sense， Like I love your dress。 It's like a fact。😊，I want to finger you with my dick。けラけら。

That's pretty good， I might borrow that one， actually。No I want to bigger with my di write that down。

By the way， so for the record， I want to fucking to say this on camera。

 do you guys know that I haven't with Julian a lot。

 like I've been doing Julia for like five years even before the coaching stuff。

So Julian is really funny because whatever Julian likes something， he won't tell you。

 is he here right now， by the way， no， okay， because I want to put an end to the ship right now。

 whenever he likes something， he go， oh， that's cool。So。

Whenever Julian acts like he doesn't likes something he actually likes it。

 he's like trying to do this like whole theatrical like drama like he's not doesn't care。

 but when he ever does it he actually likes it， so he's like oh that's interesting I'm like'm of the fuck is going to steal that shit so do you guys know the how does it feel？

put up your hand in how does it feel you heard that before I invented that shit。

 how does it feel actually I didn't invented it so the story is for the record on camera。

 the story is I used to date this girl， she wasn't very attractive but she had like this amazing body and she has just amazing body she was nice too。

Why was that funny I don't know so so I used to go pick her up sometimes and like from her work and and we drive back she for an airline she for an airport and I drive her back home and we talk about our days and complain with my dad like oh it's a shitty thing this car up she go how does it feel are you going to cry do you want to talk about it that's where it came from came for this girl and now she's given the word to the most hated man in the world he provides this game so that's where we came from this girl how does it feel so anyways？

Point is emotional expression。Is I feel like that's an emotional expressive sentence。 Okay。

 I feel like， I feel like we wouldn't get along。 I feel like。Sneezing， I feel like， you know。

 so something about you， I have to figure out， I feel like me and you would be trouble。

 I feel like I would corrupt you。 I feel like dot， dot， dot。

 you want to incorporate those into your vocabulary， okay， expressive。Statements。

 there might be questions， they're expressive statements。Emotionally expressive statements。

 another one would be you make me think dot， dot， dot， you make me think。ok。

You made me think at the time I was in high school。And bad things happen。Now I'm grown up。

 it's my turn。You made me think of。You make me think of love， you make me think of。

You make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world like Rihana， you make me think。

I don't want to be a player no more。Like the Joe song。

 I think I found someone that I could live my life for。You made me think， you know， anything。

 made me feel， you made me think because those are emotionally expressive。

 they're giving the girl the opportunity to get to know you with those phrases and those sentences to gave an opportunity to get to see who you are。

 you're displaying that full emotional cocktail right， expressive， emotionally expressive statements。

 as what those are emotionally expressive statements。

What are some other advantages that those can bring pretty curious， what do you guys think。

 what are some advantages of communicating like that？I heard mumbleles。

argue with itYep can't argue with it she gets to know you， she can love it or hate it。

 it puts some emotion into the conversation， it's not logical， talk， talk， talk， talk， talk。

 where are you from， I'm from here， what do you study， I study nursing。So I was fucking nursing。

 I'm a fashion designer， are you sure， actually I'm a makeup artist， you just worked at Sephoia。

I have 77，000 Instagram followers。Do you get paid， I will one day right it''s just logical shape。

 but this is more of an expressive conversation because women are expressive emotional creatures and men are logical creatures so you want to avoid all that logical information in shape Okay it's all about being emotionally expressive。

😊。