# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：成为现代战士（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

All right， we're ready for this， we're ready to do it。

 ready to get the pedal to the metal as they say or pedal to the floor。

 whatever the oldest expression is al right so last video we talked all about the idea of physical resistance and emotional resistance when you're lying your're back and you just suck when the world's against you all the cards are down how do you handle situation what do you do we talked about that through the art of Brazilian jujitsin you went out and you practiced it I'm sure you learn a lot about yourself you know I think in life we can learn a lot about ourselves twofolds。

First way would be a physical obstacle of some kind and the next one would be an emotional obstacle of some kind and you hopefully had both you learned a lot about yourself now that's all said and done that's gone that's over with you may continue to Brazil you just if you want your choice but what I want to do in this exercise and this experience is taking up a notch taking up the next level so you understand this more hardcore okay。

This one is all about a Spartan race So what is a Spartan race。

 it's kind of like an obstacle course race you can go and do And as you do this race。

 you have them all over the world at different levels。

 but I want you to start on the easiest one which is basically I think it's a five kilometer or four mile Spartan race Now I first started doing this and I sucked at it。

 I sucked it my first one about four years ago I was so bad man。 I was horrible， horrible。

 the worst at this， I had shit shit cardio。 I had some of the worst cardio when ever see。

And so what I did is I decided to get some Nike Airmax shoes。

 get an app teach me how to run a marathon and do all this training。

 go to the gym a lot and finally be able to do it and it took me about a month and a half in order to run 5K I think I was able to run it in like 15 minutes or something like that。

 but it took me a month and a half to get that okay and I was happy when I was finished with I really didn't want to do again to be honest it took me a while to be able to do that and I eventually did a Spartan race I did it with a team with grouper guys and as funny as it is。

 the whole race was uphill in the rain。So the whole race was the opposite of what I had trained for I had trained on a flat terrain like that and it was all uphill and the rain was horrible and I hated it I hated it。

 there was actually some parts where I thought I could do these obstacles and I couldn't do them and I ended up having to like go on the side and do buries instead because I couldn't do the obstacle in the race one of them was just like going through a small tube and like I'm like6 and1 and I had like these long as like limbs and I couldn't go through the tube and I was just mad at myself but at the end of it I did finish in the top 14th percentile。

 which was pretty decent I kept't my exact time it was like an hour and 30 or whatever it was hour 20 and。

It's something that you can do okay， you can go and you can do these races now when you're doing the race。

 I want you to keep a few things in mind， okay。First of all， the idea of it。

 the idea of it isn't so that you're some superhero。

 badass Crossfit mother fuck or hardcore like guy， that's not the idea of it okay the idea is not that the idea is that you just give yourself a challenge。

 something you can't think you can do and then once you do it you feel great afterwards done you have a sense of accomplishment I remember that after I finished mind I was like cleaning out the basement like boxes in the basement that I had left for like a year I was making phone calls to people that I had neglect for a long time I I just was really cleaning out house so to speak because if I can do that I could do anything else in the world why would be afraid of anything else in the world So I did that。

And you'll probably have a similar experience afterwards now you don't have to go and do it with a complete team。

 you don't have to like you sign up with a bunch of guys and say we're all going finish it together at the same time that's not the idea you guys can finish at different times you can do it alone the fact is just that you're doing something you didn't think you could do you're challenging yourself to rise in the occasion and look fear in the face look I can't do this in the face Now you'll also see some old ladies doing it some grandma's doing it and they have like the little grandma band and they like really happy with themselves like yeah team Grnny and you'll see team Grnny doing it and team Grnny。

 she'll take as long as she needs she'll take like three hours to do it four hours to do it you'll see women that aren't in shape doing it to the whole idea is you're stepping into the unknown。

 stepping into adversity， things that you've never done before challenges and you just excited about it and you keep a positive attitude while you're feeling like you can't finish while you feel like you have not one more breath it across the finish line。

This is the whole idea that is the goal and that's what I want from you okay I want for you and I want that to be your gift to yourself and that's you're done get your little Spartan race tshirt。

 get your little Spartan race let's see the other thing you need do a metal。

You'll have both of those and you'll feel great， you'll be like yeah， fucking I did it， man。

 I did it itll be a little monument that you had to yourself about how you've always you can always look at it and say。

 hey even no matter how hard things are at this one point in my life Its pretty hard I'm happy about it Maybe you feel that way a degree on your wall from school or maybe you feel that way about something else you've done your life and you can still continue to have that I'd be happy that you'd have that right now and be a monument to yourself and sometimes maybe that might have that also in your successful woman。

 you're dating with women， you'll find a girl that's just amazing， blows your mind。

 she's incredible and the fact you got her kind it's impressive to you can't believe it would have ever in your life but it has and yeah man that's it that's it that's all I want to thank you very much watching this video I want to thank you for taking action。

Because you're not just going to watch it， you're gonna to take action correct and yeah you'll be surprised about what could happen here so if you notice all the experiences。

 they're not just physical there are physical challenges， there are mental challenges。

 their emotional challenges and once you do that you have rock hard resolve to kick life in the ass that's for now keep in touch and don't be a stranger cheers。

