# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：33 技术力学 - 成为您自己的RSD教练和内部调整教练 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Because everybody has an internal adjustment coach， okay？I have a coach。

 I still have a coach in my head。I still have a coach in my head。By the way， I still get nervous。

 I still get social anxiety， approach anxiety never goes away， it never， ever， ever， ever， ever。

 ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever， ever。

 ever。Okay， never goes away。 Anybody who tells you that approach anxiety goes away is trying to sell you a product。

I will sell you guys one， but it's not approaching that product， okay， it's called Bo。Okay。

 approachach anxiety does not go away。 What happens is it changes， though。

 I still gets like what's called like a social anxiety。 By the way， you guys I'm like， oh shit。

 approachach anxiety doesn't go away， fuck。Yeah guys still guys are pissed off what happens in terms of a social anxiety so if I'm in my hotel room all day。

 I'm not talking to anybody I'm a little bit nervous， I'm little like you know。

 if I'm in the bathroom one you guys like， hey， madison， good job right。That's what happens， Okay。

 it's like a social anxiety I'm not into free flow yet。

 so you will still get a social anxiety you're just in your head， but after while you get out of it。

 it's like you know you could do it， you know you've done it before but you kind of don't want to do it。

And with that social anxiety， you have an internal adjustment coach。Thats the a little Owen。

 there's a little On， Well that's there will be a little Madison now。

 and itll be like a little deal with like shades like。I was like this。Get点 push咩 get点 push事 do it。

My the fuck up bows right there'll be a little madison inside your head now telling you to do it。

 but we all have that coach and that coach is always telling us what we're doing right and what we're doing wrong It's taking that feedback in real time and making adjustments It doesn't judge we're not judging ourselves we're not shitting on ourselves you know one of the things with rejection is guys take rejection so personally so personally it's like I am a bad person the girls just rejecting your approach。

It means nothing about you， okay？I want you guys to say that。She's just rejecting your approach。

It means nothing about you。Okay， awesome， she's just rejecting your approach。

 It means nothing about you All right， She does not know who you are。

 She does not know you from Tom Dick or Harry or Obama or Trump or Selena Goez or the janitor。

 She doesn't know anything about you。 She's just making a snap decision based on some social cues that you're giving off。

 Okay， she doesn't know who you are。 It means nothing about you personally as a person。

 but what do you do， you take it personally， You take it personally。 Oh， I suck I'm not good a game。

 I don't deserve girls me， me， me me me me， me， me， the story of me， this story of me。

 Here's one more approach。 Here's one more rejection for the story of me The story of me continues。

 girls rejected at World summit。 The story of me is like an announce are going on Okay。

 capturing all these rejections and what they fucking me。😡，There should be no story of you。

 there is no story of you， okay it's just a story who you are up until now is just a story。

 it's just your experiences and your upbringing， just your experiences and your upbringing。

 it's not who you actually are as a human being all right。Understanding this。

 I never take rejection personally。 rejection is just like，M， that's cool， like oh shit。

 I should have talked louder。Oh， I approach him behind。 right？I don't take it personally I'm like。

 oh adjust， oh it's just feedback man， it's just feedback baby， take that feedback and adjust。

 that's all it is， so I always have this internal adjustment coach in my mind。Oh， just do this。

 Oh yeah， I'd be fine。 I talk to myself very nicely。My self talk， if you want to call it that。

 my self talk is very supportive， always understanding what happens， reframing what happens。

 making the best out of what happens and taking that information and doing something with it。

That is my internal self talk， that is your internal self adjustment coach， you all have it。

 use it to your abilities， okay， catch yourself。Catch yourself if you're like。

 if you know she's just choing around the club。oh what the fuck are you doing， get out there。

 you got this， oh yeah， yeah， all right， catch yourself shiting around the club。

 catch yourself not doing anything， you catch yourself being quiet。

Talk louder if you catch yourself doing any of the things that you know that aren't going to help you get to upward spiral success。

 then adjust those things， Don't beat yourself up about it though We're all imperfect for me。

 even when I go out right now still。I've been to pick up about a week and a half now。

 if I go out because I was working on boss the whole time and I was doing a lot of other stuff recording videos with the instructors and Brandon and all these guys so if I have even to this day if I go out tonight they'll take me a few approaches to get it right like oh oh that's right okay am。

I'm not making eye contact properly， Oh there you go， okay。

 and I'll make those adjustments all right， your internal adjustment coach is your best friend。

 he is your best friend because he's you with a fucker。You are your best friend， okay。

 be your friend。dy's got a fish， daddy's got a fish。嬉ろしいでしね。Daddy's got to fish。

That red Bulls kicking in， that red Bull's kicking in。So what happened。

 what happened happened to the bitter end， so hopefully you you get an idea of what pushing looks like。

 you？I asked the hand， I'm like， your hand， how far is she， he goes？He's from Europe， she's like。

 70 meters of like shit。70 meters， that sounds far fuck， that's that's almost a 100 meter dash。

 That's an Olympic event shit。 All right， let's do it， so I did it anyways。

 but I was rewarded for it。