# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：02 冒险的呼唤 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

You might not know this right now。But you are following a path。Just like many others before you。

You're following the path just like Martin Luther King and just like Gandhi following the path。

 just like Isaac Newton following the path， just like Tesla following the path just like。

Abraham Lincoln， following a path， just like Benjamin Franklin。

 following a path just like Theodore Roosevelt following a path。

 just like Mother Teresa falling a path， just like Gandhi， following a path just like me。

You don't know it。But we're all the same we've all stepped through this door that's in front of you right now。

And this door is the door that every man or every person has to step through when they want to become something bigger。

 something better， something stronger， something evolved。You're about to step through that door。Now。

Before you take your first step。We tell you。What you're about to embark on。The quest。The journey。

The saga。You're about to embarka。That is the hero's journey now。When I made boss。

 I made it designed to be a hero's journey， what is the hero's journey。

 The hero's journey is a tale that's existed for thousands and thousands and thousands of generations all throughout human time okay。

 the history of human time。The hero's journey is a quest that everybody must go on to ultimately evolve to the next level。

You might go on one hero during your lifetime and that's stupendous， okay。

 a lot of people don't even go through one。They wake up， they do the same thing。

 they settle for the board that they've always been and they're just stuck that way， okay。

 so you might go only one。If you're fortunate and you's very fortunate you might go on several。

 you know， you have to be flexible and evolve as you go along now the hero's journey is this。

 you start off in the ordinary world。That's where you are right now。

There's a door that exists and you don't even know where that door is。

 you don't even know the what the door is and you don't even know the door exists。

That's far beyond your imagination。And you're stuck in that hero's world， that ordinary world， okay？

And in that world， you think to yourself， hey， stuff is pretty good。

 I'm comfortable being comfortable， I'm satisfied being average。

And then something happens and it sparks you。It sparks you， takes you out of your home。

 takes you out of your comfort zone。And your journey begins， you're unexperienced， you're scared。

 you're unsure of what lies ahead of you。And then you meet the mentor who is me。

 I'm your mentor for the sake of our time being together。Now。The mentor is skilled in a lot of areas。

Is the mentor perfect？No。Is the mentor better than you？No， the mentor is just weren focused。

More assertive， they apply themselves a little bit better。

Now that mentor teaches you in the arts the ways。The methods。

This here this program boss is our Dojo with me and you together we're gonna be in this Dojo practicing day in。

 day out， I'm going to show you the skills， show you the characterbased tools。

 give you all kinds of mind techniques， give you hacks that you can apply within yourself emotionally that take you and transform you I'm going to teach you all about the character arts to this Dojo I'm going to teach you about honor value。

Beliefs， encouragement， ambitions， focus hustle。Empathy。Teach you all of this。Now once that's done。

I sent you back out。Into the real world。And let me tell you。

 once you've left the comfort of my dojo and you go to the real world。

 you're going to have a little bit of arrogance， you're going to have a little bit of overconfidence you're going to say to yourself。

I got this。I got this。But you don't because you have it from a place of arrogance。

Thinking you just learn new skills and you're now better。

And you're going to go up against a dragon and that dragon might be。

Your boss at work current in environments。It could be your family， your friends。

 it could be a habit you have that you don't like an addiction of some kind it could be a flaw that you have physically you know I say on boot camp a lot was a guy that had one testicle and that bothered him a lot as well it could be that you just got out of a divorce and you're not really sure who you are it could be that you're a young guy and you have an older brother that beats the fuck out of you I don't know what it is I don't know what you're going through but I can imagine what it's like。

Okay。So you go to face that dragon。Let me tell you。You're going to fail。You will fail。

 it's a guarantee， it's given to you that you're going to fail。

And that's okay because in order to be a boss， you have to evolve and learn from failure。

 welcome failure， appreciate when don't you're not successful， things don't go your way。

People ask me， you know， madison， why did you call the program boss is because you think you're a boss？

I don't know。I don't really think about it that way， I just think of the characteristics。

 the ambition， the goals， the focus， the hustle， and I pride myself on those things。

 not the title that might be given to me by somebody else or that I could give myself。Okay。

 so I want to teach you to be that I want to teach you to be a guy that' is humbled by every single success that you have and excited by every single failure that you have okay。

 that's what a boss is， I want you to be that。So you face your dragon， you face your demons。

 they can be inner demons as well， and the first the inner demons you have。

 you face them and you fail and that's okay。I want you to get excited by obstacles that come up to you。

 I want you to get excited by obstacles that cut you off。

 I want you to get excited by obstacles that shut you down in your life。

 I want you to get turned on I want you to die。I want you to die。The person that you are right now。

Has not been enough to get you what you want the person that you are right now can't even imagine what you could be the person that you are right now。

Its extinct。Not bad， just extinct。Not the person that you are right now isn't set up for the modern day experiences and the person that you are right now isn't set for the challenges that are going to come up so what happens you fail and you fail big。

 you fail big over and over and over again and that's what I want for you okay？I have an expression。

 and expression is either you win or you learn how to win。Okay，And I also say nothing to lose。

 everything to learn。That moment of reflection。Its so important。

That moment of reflection when you fail is where you become a fucking boss。

A boss is somebody that takes that failure， looks at it and rises to the occasion again。

 they rise to the opportunity， they rise to the challenge。That's what I want for you， you know。

 you think of like guys like Nelson Mandela who were in a prison for like ages right you think of Jesus being persecuted。

 you think of any story of any person who's done something amazing， they had trials and tribulations。

 they had anxieties， they had challenges， and they rose to the occasion above all that。

So the champions are made in those moments， the heroes are made in those moments。

 the icons are made in those moments， the legends are made in those moments。

 the people that have a story to tell that means something to the world way after they're fucking gone means something in those moments。

 they decide in those moments。So I want you to have those moments。

 I want you to look forward to those moments and that's when you're going to truly evolve。

You're going to evolve to a new person， a new version。Okay， a new creature。

 a more enlightened creature， next level of yourself now that evolution is going to be painful。

 it's not going to be easy， it's going to be painful， okay。

 it's literally going to be like a caterpillar。Growing wings out of its back。

 bursting through the seams of its skin。To form a new body and become a butterfly。Okay。

 it's to be painful， it's going to be like ripping down muscle at the gym when you're working out and you tear down the muscle fibers in order to build new muscle fibers。

That's going to happen for you mentally。And emotionally。And when that happens。

 you have to get excited by the pain， turn on by the pain， okay。

 look at everything from a new paradigm， look at everything as a necessity。

 look at the lessons that life is teaching you because all these lessons are necessary to get to the next level to evolve。

Like I say in pickup sometimes you don't meet the girl that you want。

 you meet the girl that you need and life will continually punch you in the fucking face over and over with the same lesson until you learn it。

 until you learn it， whether that's going bankrupt， whether that's you know getting parking tickets。

 whether that's getting an STD， whether that's getting delicious with the wrong people。

 whether that's always a job that you're never satisfied with。

 maybe you have to change the job or change how you look at the job。

 whether that's there's a million things it could be， right？But once you go through that。

 then you evolve， and once you evolve， then you're ready to face that dragon again。And you win。

Once he facing that dragon， you know， like， yay， I fucking beat the dragon， I beat the demons。

 I'm successful now。You come out with humility and humbleness， you say。H。That was nice。

 that was great。Because you're allowed to go back to the old you。But with a new version of yourself。

 go back to your home， go back to your origin， go back to your birthplace。

 and share the riches of the spoils everyone else。With that， my friend。

 I say welcome to your hero's journey and welcome the boss。

