# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：39 细致入微的游戏技巧 — 5 x 5 x 5 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Nuanced game skills。Nuanced game skills。 What is a nuance。What does that word mean， Oh， no。

 more R the vocabulary to confuse me。Okay， nuance。 So a nuance is something that。Is not obvious。

 It's not blatantly obvious， but once you kind of experience it and you feel it。

 you know that it's the truth。 and you're like， oh， that makes sense， okay。

It's something that you might see happen， but until you do it yourself。

 you don't completely understand what it is。 now you do yourself like， oh yeah。

 I get that a little bit more。 Now it makes sense。 Okay。

 so there's nuanced skills that happen all the time。 There's like。What you do。

What you say and then who you are， your're being， Okay， what you're doing， what you're saying。

 what you're being is， and somehow that all wraps together and some sort of a nuance。

 a nuance that you experience is' hard to describe， hard to explain。 But once you've done it。

 you're like， clearly， that's it。 Okay， that's it。It's a little bit like riding a bike as well。

 Once you have ridden a bike before you get on the bike。

 can you can kind of just feel what the balances。 You can kind of just feel what the gears are。

 and it makes sense to you internally。 so even as let's say， a public speaker for myself。

 at first when I first got on stage I like， yeah， I I， I'm loose。 right。

 And then after like four months of being loose。 I went back and I looked at like move I was not loose at all。

 now I feel more loose。 now I feel more comfortable。 and I continue to grow。

 But I didn't know what that feeling， that feeling， that emotion to my body of what looseness was。

 So with these nuanced skills， there are things that you have to be aware of。

 And you kind of you're aware of them， but you can't actually practice them that makes sense。

So extent it's like something that you're aware of， you know。

 exists that happens when you can't practice it。s just like， oh， I know it exists。 What is there。

 Like you can't practice。 I mean， you could practice being a better breather and breathing air better or breathing more deeply。

 but you're still breathing is a breathing at the end of the day。 And walking is walking。

 even walking for you all your life。 You're not gonna walk better。 It's like that's it。

 That's what it is right， the end of the day。 So here's the first nuance skill， right。Number one。

 the first one is something I like to call5 five five， all right？Five， five， five。

 and that' the first five seconds， the first five minutes and the last five minutes of interaction。

 that's what matters the most。That's what matters the most。 I don't care about anything else。

 Everything else is just fluff。It's just fluff， it doesn't even really matter that much okay。

 it's just fluff， you can have a beautiful interaction for one hour long and then at the end of the night what happens。

Bye， we got to go poof。Girls gone like， what about the hour we spent together。

 doesn't it mean anything， we had a connection？Doesn't care， doesn't matter。

 so what am I concerned with？I'm concerned the first five seconds。

 first five minutes and the last five minutes， right， The reason for that is this。

In the first five seconds， she's getting an immediate approach of understanding of your approach who you are by your tonality。

 your body language。 okay， you don't fix a table clothth。 Don't worry about。

 we fix those after body language tonality， eye contact square up， not knowing an approach。

 All the good things we said about opening。 Its the first five seconds and the first five minutes。

 Allright， You just make a first impression。 She this is interesting。

 Let me explore a socially little bit more。 And its the first five minutes。

 And then the last five minutes is where it all fucking comes down。 It really matters。

 The last five minutes is where she decide she' gonna go home with this guy。

 If she gonna go home with this stranger。 She' gonna leave and put herself in a situation with somebody that could be potentially dangerous or amazing。

 Don't know。 But she gonna jump into that risk。 okay。So those are like little hurdles。

 The first five seconds is a hurdle。 First five minutes is a hurdle and the last five minutes is a hurle。

 a landmark， you can think of about it that way。 Once you cross those landmarks， you're good。

 So I'm not in my cold approach。 I'm not focused on everything that I'm doing being good I don't care about that。

 I don't care everything I'm doing being good The only thing I care about is that I have a good strategy Does it make sense I'm not every little thing doing correctly。

 I'm like did I pass this hurdle， Did I pass this milestone pass a milestone I have a strategy boom because you're never gonna perform at 100% in your life。

 you're never gonna perform like you know top level all the time。

 So I'm here I'm gonna stage here for6 or7 hours after that have boot camp how do you think I'm gonna be tomorrow if I see girls the girls all like doped out from energy I'm not gonna be like like。

😊，Maybe I will be who knows， but I'm not guaranteed it， right I don't count on my。

My skill being at like 98% level of efficiency all the time。 right。

 I just focus on the things that matter。 right， This is one of those。

