# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：48 钩子 - 投资是 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。So investment is。😊，Something that's very hard for guys to do because they figure out how do I get a girl to invest。

 how do I even start where would I even start to get investment and what triggers investment。

 all right， so an investment a girl will invest。From a few things， she'll address if you have value。

Or sorry， let me say it again， she'll investigate you a status。

Or a social survival replication value， me say again， status or survival and replication value。

 that'll have a girl the best， all right？But have to do those things in a certain way。

 so it's not just a matter of fact of just doing them， there's a way to do it。So。Investment is like。

Investment is an attribution。Does makes sense。Investment is something that happens as a result of other things。

 you don't go and saying， how do I get the girl to invest？That makes no sense。 that's like saying。

I want to make a $50，000。kuuol。That's cool。And what's your strategy， what's your system in play。

 who's your team？I want to make $50，000。ok。嗯。A few months ago， I think I made $30000。

 it was like as a result of like us having some really。

 really hardcore systems in place in the team and strategies and marketing and promotion and whatever and being on tour right So it's a byproduct of really。

 really hustling hard。 It doesn't just happen okay So if you want to have investment from a girl。

 It's something that just happens， It's something you have to do。 How do you do investment。

 How do you create that investment。 Do you guys have any ideas。LikeMfucker， if we had ideas。

 we wouldn't be here。Fair enough， fair enough， all right。😊，So。

One one of my favorite books I mentioned I had a friend that used to want to be a pimp that was like his ambition in life。

 He grew up was like man， I want to be a pimp I told you that story。

 I told you guys that story I got derek's attention he's like Pimp yeah yeah all right so this guy you know used to go around and talk all this stuff。

 he used to bring me like these prostitutes， houses and stuff like that like back in the day and I was like okay cool I learned like the game right I learned like how this stuff works and when you think about pimps actually fucking crazy like what a pimp is it's a guy who gives a girl of management she has the product。

Her vagina is a product， her sexuality is a product， she can go out and sell it herself。

 she can market it herself， but what does she need， she needs management。

 why does she need management。She could do it herself， but she wants to support the team。

 she wants that emotional， you know， that emotional comfort that got to look out for her in her life。

 she wants that leadership， the strong male rule， like why would you take a job and get half your paycheck back to your boss like why would you do that right or all of your paycheck fuck half all of it and let your boss moderate it out to you？

So I was reading this book， like I think it was called the 48 Laws of Pimping back in the day。

 by Pimping Ken。And one of the things that they said is。

A pimp initially when he takes a new girl who's going to run tricks。

 he needs to have her break herself， she's got to break herself， what does that mean？

That means she has to。Well leave the pimp that she's with， right， he'll get served。

As they call it getting served like you know， like the pimp， like you don't just take another girl。

 like you gracefully let him know the situationss about to transpire。And。

He'll take the other girl and before he takes the girl。

 he needs the girl to break herself and what that means she needss to take all the money that she has。

 every single penny that she has in her possession， every single last dollar and give it to the pimp。

Right away， that's how their relationship starts from jump from like get go。

And he needs that to happen nor for her to like start with a clean slate and show her investment into him。

 show her that she wants him to be on the team and part of the partnership， right。

 part of the Empire building process， so she needs that， he needs that。Or with that is no deal。Right。

 so。You might even think in the ways like the girl' values appear and theimp value is down here and they need to like she needs to break herself to kind of just like level it out you knowin't so they're on the evening playing field so am I telling you has to be a pimp no but I think there's a good lesson here right and the good lesson is。

Every interaction or every relationship you're going to have。

 there needs to be some level of that where you're not chasing。

There needs to be some level of agreement where you guys are both starting from scratch and some certain sort of level of investment。

There needs to be some investment there where you both mutually agree it to something worth investing into I actually hate the word pickup because pickup implies that you're doing the selling。

You're doing the selling versus like you guys both deciding that you want to explore this opportunity together because watch's what it should be。

 you both want to explore this romantic opportunity together。

 not you trying to convince her like you're like oh yeah， this is a good deal and she's like yeah。

 this is a good deal let's see where this goes that's how it should be。

