# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：28 开幕式 - 你是一个故事 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Understand this， you are a story。Okay， you are not a person。You are a story to her。

This is a whole paradigm shift here， okay？So what's your story your story is。I want to get the girl。

 I want to get a girl， I want to feel good about this， I want to have some action。

 whatever your story could be。 I want to validate the fact that I came to a fucking seminar about this shit。

 I want to validate the fact that I brought products on this。 That's your story。

 That's your objective。The girl doesn't give a fuck about your story or your baggage or what you've been through or what you're trying to prove to yourself。

All she cares about is the story of her life okay you're not even a main feature in that story。

 you're not a cameo， you're a mystery character that could possibly in it。

 but when you be in her life， but when you meet her you are a story that's all you are so you want to live into that right so what are some stories that girls don't like？

The girl's not going to go along with。This guy just wants a fuck， this guy is so needy。

 so persistent。There this guy and he hit on me and my friends。

There was this guy who just like pushed so hard with this weird line。

 There was this guy who I didn't have to work for。 He's so thirsty， he's so desperate。

There's this guy who，lah bh， blah， blah， bh， there's a million stories that are bad。

But at the flip side， there's a couple stories that are good。I met this guy at the grocery store。

We shopped for cranberries together actually datingd the girl in LA for that I met at the grocery store Whole Foods in Hollywood and helped her find cranberry juice and we exchanged numbers that's the story what's another story I was at the bus stop waiting running for the bus I missed my bus and this guy was waiting for his bus too and he got me an uber。

We got took it Uber together， he dropped me off at work， That's a cool story。

Right there's so many stories that are amazing， a story。

 another story could be like in a club could be there was this guy I was talking to and these other two really like broy。

 like aggressive macho guys came up and he just handled them he just like。

Difffuse the situation that's so fucking cool。That's the story。

 so you're always going to be a story in her mind， you know you'd have to have that good game as long as the story of meeting you is good。

 that's good enough。You don't be focused on every single fucking technicality being right。

 as long as the story of you is good， that's good enough， you are a story。

 understand that in her mind you are a story， okay。So very recently， actually， I'll show you a few。

 So very recently， I met a girl at a club and actually I met her on the street in the street about  two o'clock in the morning and I walked her to I walked her to the next club okay。

 we held hands， walked to the next club。 She gave me a kiss and I let her go。

 got her number okay said let's after party。 She's like sure， later on， she calls me Okay。

 she calls me， and she says， hey， listen， I want to come over to your place's an after party but my friend wants blow。

😊，Are you going to judge me？My answer was this。I'm going to judge her because I know sorry。

 I'm going to judge you because I know you， but I probably won't judge her。essence since I'm saying。

 I'm going to judge you because I think you're better than that。

 but I'm not going to judge her and she's like her phone died， okay？So for the next week I text her。

 for next week I text her next week I call her， guess what happens， not a response， not one response。

 she actually blocked my number， and she admitted that she blocked my number and she felt guilty。

 the guy made her feel really guilty about going to the blow okay？

And then about a week later she hits me up from Snapchat， she's like， hey。

 you seem to actually have a really cool life and you seem to be a cool guy I'm sorry I deleted you。

 do you want to go for a drink and I'm like， hey， I 10% want to go for a drink with you。

 drinks wrong you of course you know that right she's like yeah hi now all right cool for a drink and then start seeing each other。

What happened was that my walk from one club to club A to point B was that good。

 my walk down to three blocks was that good。No， it was a story。

 it was a story that she kind of created in her mind about me right it was an accurate one she's like。

 whoow， he must be this type of guy， he must be that type of guy， it was accurate。

 but it's still the story okay so just be aware that all the time even as you're doing an approach there's a story that's going on in her mind about you all right？

Okay， so you， you gotta tell me the story。 what what happened What happened。 Are you。 Oh。

 I'm curious。 if he came to the store or no， no， gonna tell me the store or the store。

 or I heard he's coming into the store。 You're like， I have nothing。 I just， I gave up to me and。😊。

Was very persistent about everything。 everything like what， Like I was lying about。

 I was like telling about like because I'm San。 I'm from Norout。 And so like yeah。

 like I like it a little bit more。 Yeah， I can tell tell you San Frank girl。 He's like， he's like。

 you're lying me like that Yeah， and then he was like， no。

 like San Francisco is definitely not better Like I was like your opinion not。😊。

If I had to take a guess， take a gander。I would say that he was trying to flirt with you， perhaps。

Possibly that could be going to happen and how did that work out？I't a nice person。

 a nice guy So He so sweet。 I was looking at it。 I was like， I thought he was doing pretty well。

 but he just kind of stood there for like like a while。 Like， I remember like， I went to a store。

 I came back and he was still out there。 I'm like， yo， I'm like。

 why doesn he take this girl for coffee or something。 No， he tried。

 You should have been like straight like like this。 like that。 I'm like， alright， go he was like。

 let's go get coffee。😊，I saw you by manipulating me I want to say。I was like。

 that's very inappropriate， but she looks like she could be smart or socially savvy possibly。

So don't prove me wrong。Get' not from here， are you？P sweet。

I can tell because like we're like not of really。Relax。look like you' be very confident。

 he're probably actually a very shy girl from the outside。No， the' probably sweetheart， I can tell。

Welcome to North America， Today Vi。系上啦。这吧。Maison。Nice to meet you。Yeah。You're so sweet。

 oh my goodness， you're say hot。そ多。So when I saw you the first thing I would say is that girls it's photo bitch when you're not。

 youre some nice little sweet little interesting girl。Nice to meet you nice to meet you too。

 so what brought you to America LA？