# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：27 开幕式 - 写在她的脸上 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。I used to this old friend of mine， I won't say his name。Let me call let me call him El Doardo。

 It's kind of similar。 Okay， and Elduardo was like this huge pimp player。

 I learned a lot of my stuff from him like back in the day， he actually wanted to be a pimp。

 This is like actually kind of scary。 So the guys that I learned my game from were guys that actually were aspiring to be pimps in life。

 It wasnt even guys like aspirre to finish school。 like guys aspired have a girlfriend like no。

 I want to have a business of sexual intercourse。 That was like he aspired to be a pimp。

 Okay this one day he brings me like he was so serious about this one day。

 like come this girl's house。 I'm like okay sitting on the couch。

 and it was like this old prostitute teaching like this young lady like how to do tricks。

 I just SAT there on the couch until the son came up was so awkward and weird。

 This is a conversation was really weird。😊，This guy was amazing at game。And。

One of the things that he told me I'll never forget what he told me was。

I go like how are you so good， man， how are you so good。

 He says everything you need to know about a girl before your approach is written on her face。

I'm like， what， I was like， yeah， it's written on her face。

I'm like what you mean she looks like she's a bitchm like no no no it like you can just tell what she's going through right you're aware of how she's feeling what she's thinking it's written on her face so if I look at you guys right now right this guy very calm。

 cool collected and enjoying it right he's like yeah I like this guy pretty chill sorry I'm learning some stuff I appreciating the information slowly。

You I don't know if you're enjoying it yet， but I think we'll get there eventually right he's laughing at the joke that I just told about him right he's enjoying himself。

 this guy's taking lots of notes most like oh this's pretty good better than I thought it would be right I can see generally what you guys are feeling or thinking So if I'm going to go do an approach I'm going to do the approach and I'm still aware of how she's feeling okay what's her subjective experience pretty much I'm trying to put myself into her shoes and what she's going through you can literally see it on their face from how clenched her jaw is to how uptight her shoulders are to how she's walking to how fast it is you can see what she's going through everything you just knows is on her even she's sexual right my ex girlfriend actually met her in the daytime like8 o'clock in the morning she's walking through the streets like this。

I was like， damn。That's gonna to be some good loving right from the way she walked across the street so you can see it it's all in the person's demeanor right you can see who's confident or not you can tell who the guy in the guys in the club who's good at game just by how he carries himself and how he walks to the room that's the only same way the girl can tell about who you are five feet before your approach it's all written all over you so。

What I'm telling you do is learn how to appreciate the women and understand before you do the approach because anyone teach you the ballalsy shit and you want to balance it out。

 you want to have the getting of the yank to it， it's not just you going out and saying belligerent things no understanding of how people are feeling。

有我。I get whatever I want do I do and do you want to fist， you can't get it do that I'm kidding no。

loveNow we're going to fight all the time， cockiness， cockiness， humility is not your best quality。

 but you're obviously addressing as you're very wonderful。is good save， okay？ね。What's up。

 how's it going Kipaa， what's good we're starv're I actually， we you going to go eat， you？Thisen。

I used to live in Suk City， and Co is my stomping ground。Hey， I like this。

 I like this you're fucking cute， I thought you were sexy。

 I like the way you just came back really confidently。Yeah do you you travel a lot。

 I feel like you travel Yeah I could tell girls that travel have like a lot of confidence and they just like do whatever they want like because they're used to being in worse situations I bet you backpack through somewhere。

Yes，al and India hey what Nepal and India Oh do， do， how is that amazing I want to go there soon。

 I'm going to do a Eurosort pretty you soon， but I haven't done India Air Asia yet。

 we'll see how it go。