# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：38 言语技能 - 母亲+女儿或父亲+女儿或男友或女性 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。So what I want to talk about is sets， set set sets， set set sets， not SEX， STS sets。

 I don't even like the word sets， I actually think it's ridiculous， I think it's harmful to you。

 what was that set bro， remember that two set we had last night？Oh， what were their names。

 I don't know， she， was it too sad？RememberRemember that two set， remember that three set we had， oh。

 you mean the two hot girls and the。U friend， cop like and friend。Yeah， that three set。

 fuck that three set。Three seconds suck these notes。Sets right， when you also think of them as sets。

 how many approaches you do today， how many sets like you you completely unhumanize the interaction for yourself。

 not even for them， like they can like yeah， people can be。

Harmful and bad to you and mean to you and evil and all that shit that happens in the reality of the world。

 you know sometimes I do an approach I' like hey， what's， she's like fuck off， I'm like， whoa。

 fuck that set。Yeah。😊，All right， little angry there。

That could happen so I mean if that happens you don't take it personal right the sets to set。

 but generally you want to think of them at sets， you want of the thing as situations right what's the situation what's going on here。

 let me go meet these girls etc ceter so there's a few types of sets。

There's four that are my favorite All right， The first one is mother daughter。

Second one is father daughter。Third is boyfriend and the fourth is just girls。Or mixed sets。 Okay。

 so let's talk about， you guys want to know my secrets， all these sets。Fuck says， yeah， all right。

 I'll say my secrets， the mother daughter set， mother， daughter， mother daughter。

 this is going to make a horrible， horrible clip。 The mother daughter says my favorite set。😊，Okay。

 so a good way to think about it， Derek has this analogy， Derek has an analogy says。

Seduce the mother， submit the father， okay， mother daughter said so the idea is that every girl you talk to that's around her mother is going to be very nervous about the fact that there's a man trying to impregnate her daughter。

Does she want to have her daughter in pregnant sometimes， yeah？

That's crazy right think about like every mother wants every grandmother wants to have grandchildren。

 which she like want to cut off the heritage of her last name and like the inheritance and all this shit。

 no， she wants to have her genetic heritage continue so every mother wants her daughter to get fuckgged。

But。There's certain conditions。The guy has to be worthy， he has to be of a certain standard。

He has to be a girl， a guy that the mother would find attractive。So with a mother daughter set。

The best thing I found out to do is kind of seduce the mother。

So I actually approached the mother and what I do is I know the daughter is listening。

 she's like  who the fuck is this guy talking to my mom right so an open air for that situation could be excuse me I saw you guys three adorable sisters has had it come say hello。

Obviously she's not a sister， she's like 40 years older。But she's taking the compliment she's like。

 oh， thank you because her husband doesn't flirt with her anymore。

 her husbands just like fuck my wife doesn't gonna to be blow jobs anymore and I' going with the money and shit and I'll always complain if I hate my kids shit。

I go on a porn hub or red too that that's what the guy's thinking so it's possible that the husband doesn't make her feel that attractive anymore so just go up and give a compliment to the mother and you can give a physical compliment it's fine not like you're sexy like shit like that was like oh you guys are very well cut together say I like that you guys are very cute of you adorable three adorable sisters who's the youngest right then damn opens up then talk to the daughter。

What about father daughter sets？What you guys say my father daughter sense， anybody tried those？

You guys think I'm crazy right now， what do you do for Father daughter sets？我没 one。Okay。工作嘅。Oh okay。

 but I'm talking about when the dad is like just there。

 you just go and talk to him and it's a dad and a daughter。Okay。

 have you ever been punching the face yet？Okay， cool。

I'll come back to the father daughter one in a bed， my favorite one to be the boyfriend。

 boyfriend or girl and guy， two set， two set， guy， girl， mix set， what do you do or like three guys。

 one girl， two guys， two girls。Three， seven guys of one girl， What I do is I walk up when I say， hey。

Excuse me， this girl's fucking I talk to the guy this girl's fucking adorable what do I get me one of these。

 how do I get me one of these， do I got to be rich， do I got to be good looking。

 what's the secret all right so let's break that down for a bit。I'm not talking to。

 I'm not talking to the guy the girl， I'm talking to the guy。 Walk to the guy。 This girl's adorable。

 Obviously the guy here， obviously the girl hears that。 she hears me say that。 Okay。

 this girl's adorable。 It's like I'm talking her about her like she's like secretly。

 but she's right fucking there。How do I get me one of these so I'm giving the guy props I'm like yeah you're with cute girls。

 you know， props to you， he can be one of two things， he can be like， well yeah。

 well you know you just got to be a bow bla b， blah， blah。

 blah and then he just looks stupid he's trying too hard。Or the other thing that can happen is。

He's like， oh well this is my sister then I'll just get awkward。

 actually no it won't be like oh well， yeah， she's adorable， even if I talk to her for a bit。

 he knows it already， and I did it in a cool way so get away with it or he'd be like，s my girlfriend。

 right？Or if he's like， we're dating， she'll be like， no， we're not。

There's a lot of things that can happen there so the girl gets to my compliment。

 I give some props to the guy that guy gets this validation so he doesn't get all puffy I kind of screen the situation and I say that doight gotta be good looking am I not good looking enough it's like it's like self- deprecating humor it's because I'm not good looking I it because I'm not jacked like you bro like not andesant voice do I gotta be looking maybe if I was rich maybe if I was rich and you got be really confident about the self- deprecating humor so it comes off like oh well this guy obviously doesn't care that much and the girl's watching this whole episode she's watching this whole drama she's watching this whole thing's like who is this guy Razor razor sharp social skills really smart and funny able to maneuver these dudes who aren't aggressivegressive and it makes her interested right？

So in every one of these situations， I kind of like use the people around her to build distraction。

See what I'm saying？If there's two girls， like let's say， two girls in the mall。

 you're at that you' heard they prompt you talk to two girls and you're like， oh my goodness。

 I don't know， they're both cute， which one do I go for？No， you guys don't do approach。

 You guys't do pickup。 You guys think this is a drinking seminar。

 What you guys you guys ever have that。 Yes， no， Yeah， okay。

 so what do you do for a two set how do you show them You're both interested and not look like a complete dick because you risk going up to them and like。

 hey， what about you Oh you have a boyfriend okay。Cat by thinking you like， you're a pervert。

 you have no standards， you want to go for anything that fucks you right So how do you do that？

Make a decision I my options open， I at my options open like no。

 so what I do is I walk up and actually flirt with both of them at the exact same time。

 I'm like you guys are both fucking adorable， but there's only one of me。Fight to the death。

 And I want to see blood。 I want to see a lot of fucking blood。So what am I doing there， going up。

 both girls， talking to both girls， expressing interest to both girls？

Also screening which one is available in a very funny way， you guys are both adorable。

But there's only one in me， so I want to see a fight to the death and I want to see blood。

 bloody blood go right， and they'll usually laugh at that and then one girl。

 one of the girls will always say， but I have a boyfriend like， oh， no more approval for you。

No word jokes for you you fuck that up and thens I call to the girl who's a little bit cuter or a little bit hotter available or you know just resonate with it。

 et cetera， if we do it's possible I won't resonate with either girl。

 but that's the way I kind of like try to like divide that up you know I mean so I'm going to a situation I'm like。

Leaving my options open， flirting with both of them in a very safe way。

 screening out which girl is single， which girl is not。All right。

What think my fathers father daughter said about。What is cute and the other ones。

Firt both of them still。Yeah， if you're interested in one girl still flirt with both of them in a very friendly way because you're going to need the approval of the girl that you're not interested in to let you leave with the other girl and what second you turn around。

 okay， second you leave like all right， phone number。

 awesome case and you leave them and you go back he， Ive got a phone number bro。

 they're gonna have this conversation behind your back。What do you think about that guy。

 I don't know if you like him， do you not like him， fuck him or you have a boyfriend。

 whatever they have to do this， Who was that guy， I don't know， he's cool Yeah。

 he's cute that was so crazy guy。Whether they have a conversation like that or they're both excited。

 so I'd rather leave the conversation with a number and both girls are excited about it。

Rather than one girls kind of into it and one girl makes to feels shitty and guilty。

 he's like you have a boyfriend you suck that guy I was creepy， I don't like him yeah。

 I don't like him either right I want to play in my odds。

 I want to play in my favor Yeah Any ideas what the father daughter said？

What would you guys be your father， daughter， any creative guys out there？Yeah。差。But what？

But your door is wet？Okay， I'm kind of getting risk getting punch into the face but your dog' is absolutely beautiful。

 that is a fair start， that is decent could you make that more higher intent but lower risk。Yeah。

 could you show your interest in her a little bit more， but still make it less risky？Like。

 could you make it in a situation where the dad got mad at you， he'd look like the idiot。

And he' was like， what the fuck why he' talking to my daughter， she was like， oh。

 what's your problem， dad？Can you flip it a little bit more like that？It's a little challenge， Okay。

 no， yeah。し。You incredible genes you passed on， good work。That's decent。

 I like to aggregate we're getting close， yeah。Ask your permission to talk to her。

Can I have permission to talk to your daughter， no？That for。Ah now we're getting close， okay。

 he said Oscar for his daughter's hand in marriage， what I would say is I'd walk up to the group。

 not just the father of the daughter， but the whole group， and I'd say excusecus me。Excuse me。

I have to say。In my country？あ。Your daughter were three cows， two chickens。

Right and then continue from there like propose for the hand in marriage。

 whatever it is so that way it's like it's really it's just like over the top right it like over the top funny she knows that you want her。

 the dad can't really get max if you gets to mad he looks like an asshole no you can't have three cows too drink like like what the fuck is your problem just Joe like relax mean there's a balance in between it at all so it's a very clever way of getting all your points across so now there's no set you guys can't approach。

I'll given you every single set and the exact thing to say and do and how to flip that dynamic。

 mother， daughter， father， daughter。Guys and girls mixed and girls and girls。The only four。

And now you have them so any time you see know you're walking down the mall，' in a club。

 you walk out here， you go down the street， you go to the casino， any time they happen。

 you's like oh， who there's a family， I've unleshed new powers within you use these powers for good not for evil with all power comes great responsibility what I didn't see I didn't see I didn't see I didn't see。

先用的不平病。Siri。Sorry to interrupt my friends are mad at me because I didn't stop and say hello。

 thought I should say hello， mother daughter， two daughters， two sisters， sister and sister， u no。No。

 I'm wrong Oh， okay Well， I like to formally propose hand in marriage in my country second person to do that really did they offer two cows and two chicken zone in my country that's very serious that's very well her dad's not with us so unfortunately we can't say yet I can offer to you I feel like you can make those kind of executive decisions I believe in you even if you don't believe yourself。

 I believe in you I feel like you can do it。You should probably want to know name name my name would be useful I'm Madison。

 by the way， nice to be you here。And you are。Marissa， okay， cool。

 so where I take you guys out for dinner or for breakfast， I'm very flexible。

Thank you I appreciate it， can I talk you for 30 seconds， 30 seconds， she's all yours。

Oh what oh I don't want to interrupt you， I don't want to interrupt you we'll talk for 30 seconds that she's all yours I'm off until the ribbon I think you're adorable and sexiest box。

ワイトの後。Just the line for the cool kids。 It a line or something。 I don't know what the line for。

WhatThe hell bro。🎼By the way， I want to get this guy pick in bike。 I want to。

I want to know how this guy pick you up。I need to get pick up advice。 How do I get a girl like this。

 What do I got to do， Is it like Frank list。Ktiji like。right，All right。

 what's up the lot five and lost the one in the back over here， what's going on？Hi。I'm okay。O好。

She's got a Beyonce booty， she does， I know's crazy。I can't I can't there's three you。

 there's only one of me that's the problem I can't I can't myself five of us looking the other Okay。

 that one right' there。Police is trying to steer my heart。Okay， every Oh my goodness。

 are you trying to you're trying to be a good wing man if you trying to wing me thats it seems like you're doing I was holding your hand at first and now you're trying to throw me up on that。

 throwing on that Okay， what's your name Me You call her name for。Meg。

 she's trying to be the wingman。Here we go， we make hurt there we go。Iice to meet you， Madison。

 Madison， You don't want to name my baby girl。 It's perfect。 It's meant to be， bro。

 We're up's perfect。 It's meant to be。 Actually， my feet are hurting。 So this works well for me。

 awesome。😊。