# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：从你早上睁开眼睛的那一刻起就S死它（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Hey what up Madison with Real social dynamicss and welcome to this week's mission for boss I'm outside here in my little town of Toronto。

 little town of within Toronto， which is a big city and it's freezing fucking cold but I decided it popped out here and do a video for you guys because I had some thoughts in my mind and I wanted to share it with you now hopefully with boss right now in your life you moved from a place of fear and concern and maybe leaving a little bit of anger that you originally experienced when you first started the program you know that's why you picked it up and you wanted to move to a place of sort of like selfaware you know so。

When you first start a program like this， you know the reason why you pick it up is because you feel those emotions of fear。

 anger， etc cea frustration and that's a very low level of consciousness and when I try to through awareness talking about your values and your character and things like that is moving to selfawareness that's kind of like the middle level and then once you kind of finish the program you have all these experience in these missions it stretches you spiritually and emotionally in a way where you understand the world around you with others and that's like all encompassing kind of awareness you understand yourself and others that's what I'm trying to get you to。

So at first， if I started with the kind of like these the mission we' to give you today。

 if I gave it to you originally， you would see the reason in doing it。

 you'd see the purpose in doing it， the benefit。And doing it either。

 But now since you kind of went through the process of the other missions we've had。

 you're gonna start to see the value of it。 And today's mission。

 what I want to talk to you about is your morning ritual， okay。

 your morning ritual Now what would the benefit of having a morning ritual even do for you。

 How does it affect your game and so on。Morning ritual is the idea is it helps you get your life or your day started in the right way。

 get your day started in the right track。 remember you know in the course of creating boss。

 which took me 10 years to do， I read thousands of articles and literally hundreds of books。

 about 500 books courses and programs in the area of self-develop and one of the common things that they always always said was successful CEOs or business people get up in the morning and I do some form of exercise some form of exercise whether it's like five minutes of crunches or a little run around the block or whatever because they understand that if they can use their willpower。

 which we might not have very much of yet， but if they can use their willpower to conquer their day in a little bit。

In the morning and set their day in the right path。

 they then are able to have that chain of reaction where it sets up the rest of their day where they're able to kill it and crush it because they're so pumped up from doing things initially the right way。

 it gives that drive to forcefully knock it out of the park later on the day with other challenges come up they feel like they're in a good flow。

 they're in a good vibe， they're happy， etc cea， etc ce。And their mind is just tuned in。

 So you want to do that for yourself。 Now there's also a great book by Brian Tracy。

 which is calledEat the Frog。 I personally haven't read all the whole book。

 but you know I've read little segments little parts of it and I've heard great things about people that I trust and I respect and in that book Eat the Frog Brian Tracy essentially says he's like。

 well。What you want to do is the hardest thing in the morning because that takes up all of your willpower and if you could handle the hardest thing in the morning。

 the rest of your day is good， but also if you handle the hardest thing in the morning first。

 you get it out the way。A lot of times you know we leave these things like Jim say oh。

 we're gonna go to the gym after work is done and then you go to work and it drains you of all of your willpower because you have a limited amount of willpower that's used there created as energy in the prefrontal cortex you a limited amount can be strengthen like a muscle but you have a limited amount use it all up at work fighting projects etc and then you go to the gym try to go to the gym after work and you can't do you're like fuck this I' out of here so the idea of it is do the hardest things first in the day and one of the hardest things just to get the ball rolling might be doing a a daily morning ritual Well madison that's fantastic but how does it help me with pickup how does it help me with the ladies。

It helps you in this way when you know that from the beginning of the morning。You were on point。

 you were focused， you were tuned in， you were zoned in， you were hungry。

 you were a shark when you know that。And you step up。Through that lady at the club or on a street。

 you know think about 8 o'clock in the morning day game when you're running to the bus stop at work when you see that girl。

 you're already in the fucking zone， you're already there because you know you've handled some shit you're like yeah。

 it boosts your inner self- confidencefid， your ability to fall through your ability to trust in yourself a long time ago I had this video on YouTube I think it's still there you can go check it out it's on the RSD motivation channel and it's called incremental integrity。

Incremental integrity and what that is is that every time you promise yourself it builds up your self respect Okay。

 so that's the idea now。With the morning ritual， you don't want to start this off with something absolutely crazy that you're not gonna keep。

 There's a girl that I'm seeing right now and she says her mom's successfuls a successful CEO and her mom says fuck goals mom't like that fuck goals。

 It's all about habits。 fuck goals all about habit。

 So the idea this is you just want to start with a habit that you can maintain and a habit that you can keep。

 you don't want to start with something crazy that's really hard for you to do that you're not gonna keep just the habit。

 So in the beginning， the habit of just going to the gym doing one minute on the treadmill。

 taking off your or changing your clothes back and leaving the gym。

 that's better than it big grandiose idea of you gonna go to the gym for an hour a day and crush it Just start with the fucking habit。

 a small habit start with something very， very small。 The first five bits of the morning。

 and that might be a gratitude prayer or you say things that you're thankful of in your life or things that you' done yesterday really help boost up your soul and making you。

Good on the inside and respect yourself。That could be something you do， I do that every morning。

The first five minutes could just be， you know if going to the gym is too much。

 I used to literally roll out of bed with an alarm clock of Pe Didty it was like this YouTube video I got I put onto a CD and it's Pe Didty saying like I could do it I believe myself。

 I trust myself and go and that's it lock in with the fuck could lock in that was my alarm clock and I set that on my phone to go off or my CD player to go off and I'd roll out of bed and I'd do 20 crunchches 20 dips and 20 pushups and that's it。

Okay， that was my first one in ritual for maybe like。

A month that was it or for two weeks and then I just got the ball rolling with that the idea is the habit is more important once you start getting that habit down that you can lock in more things right if you don't if you shower at night maybe want to do your shower in the morning because it gets you all pumped up and excited and makes you feel relaxed and refreshed。

Shed is skin and you're a new person ready to go start the day， what else， let's think here。

What else could you do you could also make me do a smoothie I do that every morning very very basic smoothie my smoothie has blueberries for antioxidants。

 some macca powder， I had some vegetable protein， some vegan protein or some egg protein in there I would think about putting bepot in it but I don't I also put some crushed up or frozen。

Blackberries if a can or strawberries kind of add some flavor。

 I put some veggie greens plus powder in there。 And that's about it。 You know。

 I'm pretty much good to go with that。 that's kind of like the way might start my day with that。

 So you could add a whole bunch of other things into your routine as well。

 I also do an audiobook for 20 minutes。 Some people say。

 how do how do you have all this fucking time to do an audio book and exercise。 Well。

 I listen to the audiobook usually when I exercise or you can listen to the audiobook for 20 minutes on your way to work。

 which it would be like popping it into your audio your iPhone or whatever when you're in the subway or on the metro or the bus or whatever it is right so you could think of ways to get it done initially what I want you to do is just have a five minute morning ritual。

 That's your mission。 That's your for this week。A fivemin morning ritual that is easy and repeatable that you can do every single day something that you can do any time you want and you just boom。

 it's like that it's easy okay when I see when I say easy that also means that you haven't prepared for you the next morning so if your morning ritual is you need to go for a walk around the block not going run around the area。

 still walk around the block put your shoes out， put your t-shirt out that you're gonna wear。

 put your shorts out， put it out the night before next to you cross from your bed so when you wake up and you're like your zombie state。

You can just kind of roll over and just tap the clothes and the shoes that are there for you already。

 Okay so what I want you to do with this mission is I want you to write them in the fucking phone app and write them in the boss Facebook group。

 I want to see these missions popping up that way I know you guys are fucking doing the missions and you're keeping up with that shit。

 You owe this to yourself and you owe it to me。 I'm watching you guys you guys don't do the missions。

 little piece of my heart dies on the inside。 Okay， do it do it。 I'm do this for you。 Nobody else。

 as I always say your success is my success。 Okay I really mean that I don't have any success。

 This means nothing to me unless I see you getting those improvements in those results in your life。

 So that's it for now， and as always keep in touch and don't be a stranger boom。

