# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：37 言语技巧 - 100% 投入，不要尝试 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。100% engaged do not try。100% engaged， do not try， 100% engage 0% effort。And I going expand on this。

 this something me and know one' talking about a lot， all？AK Tyler。1000 engaged do not try。

 think of it like this， all right。Have you guys noticed that we talk about like Ehar Toll RsD。

 stuff like that presence game， meditation， eating green， all the shit。

 as have've noticed this there's a reason why we talk about all this stuff okay the reason that we talk about all this stuff is we believe that it will put you into more of a present state where you can get rid of all this fucking bad psychological talk in your mind and you're able to just enjoy the moment。

 enjoy the girl and express yourself that's the idea of it okay。Now。

 some guys think about it too much and they overdo it。

 I gave you the example of presence before where a guy would just be， you know， I'm just present。

I mean the now。Or some guys like， I'm just self amused or I'm self amused。 self ause me， yeah， yeah。

Oh shit， it's 230， all the girls are gone， self mu is the point that no girls are around。

 they're gone， okay？Theres it balance。 But the reason why we talk about these things is because we're trying to get you guys to understand。

That。When you were present。Or you're self amused。 It removes approval from the girl。

 So it does create attraction。 Okay， Self amusement creates attraction because I just feel so good in my own body。

 I don't need anything。 It's like I want drugs。 I feel good。😊，Fel good old time。

 I don't need anything。Shit， yeah， she's like， who is this guy who doesn't need me， Self can do that。

 Pres can do that as well。 You walk up， you just don't flinch。

And you're just okay with what was happening。 meditation helps with that。 right， You're in the zone。

So the way it triggers attraction in a female is that it creates a。

She wants approval she actually wants the validation Everybody says Im everybody thinks I'm attractive。

 this guy's talking to me， why is he not making a move， why is he not attractive to me。

 he should be am I not attractive I want some approval I'll flirt with him to get some approval back that's what kind of happens It's the cycle of it So what you want to do is you want to go up to a girl the way to think about it generally is that you want to walk up to her and engage fully 100% engage。

 engage， engage， engage engage， engage， engage， engage， engage， engage， engage， engage， engage。

 engage but you want to not try。100% engage， but do not try。Okay，100% engaged， not try。

 I'm to come down here for a bit。 So 100% engaged， not try。 Okay，10% engaged。 not try， okay so。

That's not trying， okay？It's like that if you walk to anything like this， hey， what's up？

you been trying？All right， you even try it not try， hey， what's up？

It count what I'm trying to not try。Hey， what's up？Hey， what's up。

 Do you want to just engage and not try what's up，'s going right engage but not try。

 There should be zero effort in it。 You're committed to the approach。

 committed to what's happening in front of you， but you're not trying fully engaged。Fll engage。

 I try。Fully commit， don't try。Okay， so it's this weird balance。 where like， you're up in their face。

 You're talking to them， you're engaged in the conversation。 You're present。 You're in the moment。

 you're in the zone。 whichre like， oh， yeah， it's cool。 Like who's this guy who doesn't care so much。

 Everybody just wants to let loose。 Everybody in the world just wants to be free。

 Everybody in the world just wants to。😊，Be comfortable being themselves。

You can inspire people to do that when you can be more loose than somebody else， you inspire them。

You inspire them， you inspire them to engage but not try。

 you inspire them to commit and not try they want to do that in their own lives and you become like that avatar that it for them to do that okay they all wanted to be like that only like the expression of or the story of。

He likes this story of。The guy was a brake dancer。 And if he's a brake dancer。

 what he does is he like guilty into that move and it pops the move。 and he's like， oh， shit。

 the handstand。 thing a spin thing。Right， everyone's like， oh because everybody wants to do that。

 Everybody wants to let loose。 everybody wants to feel free。

 Everybody wants to feel that no judgment。 So when you can 100% engage or don't try。

 you inspire people around you。😊，That's what you want to have for yourself and that' what you want to do for others。

 you want to engage fully， commit fully， okay？But there's a of relaxedness to it。

You're like assertive。Very assertive， but you're calm。Asserive， calm， you give me here to my voice。

 I'm assertive， I'm calm， assertive， relaxed， calm， calm， calm， calm， but assertive。Okay。

It's like it's a difference between like the author of dad versus like the scared dad right。

 Sc dad is like do you know what time your curfew is， that's like scared dad。

 Authorative dad is like， hey， get home at 11， get home at 11， get home at 11， get home at 11。

I'll see you at 11th。He's engaged， but he's not trying。There's no scarcity。

 there's no fear of loss or not working out you want to commit yourself to chilling you looking cute I like what I see here so far Oh thank you Yeah。

 so far so far Oh my gosh it's an evaluation。I'm appreciating。 Okay， Highness。

 Maddie you're Maddie is Madison。 No its not Made Made people always tease me I was like are Are you Madison at the Madison。

 Maddie to Madison。 always me that。're like yeah What are you get now， Maddie What are you me。

s so cute。 What you get now。 What are you doing。 going see I see。

 I'm trying to figure out what I'm going to I'm either gonna go to like the Addison or citizen or one of thoses。

 I don't know。 But， I thought you were cute。 you're feminine。 Are you not North American。

 are you I'm from Vancouver。 that's got to be it Vancouver， welcome to our country。

 Our city Vancouver Vancouver's pretty dope。 I was there actually over here for second。

 I'm blocking people。😊，Vancouver's pretty dope。Initially moved here from LA。

 but don' wentt to Vancouver and I checked it out。 I really enjoyed it because it's like very holistic natural path。

 all that kind of stuff is really cool about Vancouver。 So I really that Yeah brought you here Well。

 I just kind of knew change of pace。 and then I'm a dancer you're dancer dancer So there's just more out here for that I'm really to ask you to show me something。

 because I'm a public speaker。 I do motivational speaking like dating person development always like motivate me so you're like you're a dance you can dance I like like that I like the swag the hand thing like that Oh my god that Thank you thank you more' know you。

I know myself， I trust myself。 That's good In time， you'll see my waves。 You trust me too。

So what you got going after for you guys had to dance stuff？Well。It's pretty fresh here。

 so I'm just like kind of trying tocclimatize but thenccmatize Yeah I just get used to like the bottom it' a little different right and then from there。

See if I can pick up some work， you me so you're white want your job yet。Oh like gas jobs here。

It's just， you got to like network up it first， you know， and I don't know too many people， so。

