# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：49 钩子 - 投资等于 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。I think there the process of investment is this。 All right， there's a flow to it。

 Like what actually triggers investment And the process is this。Number one， fill her thoughts。Okay。

 fill her thoughts。Number two would be fill her actions。

And then number three would be fill her emotions。Okay， actions。Sorry， thoughts first。

Actions and emotions。 All right， That's the order。Why is that order， well。

 you can't get into our heart just by getting to our heart。

She's not going to like you or want to do things where you help you out and invest into the interaction or invest into getting know you for no reason。

So。What could you do， you could fill her actions， have reduced stuff for you。

 what she ain't going to do shit for you if you don't。If you're not involved in her thoughts。

 she't thinking about you。So the first thing you have to do is get inside her head there's old piimp line that goes you need to get in her head before you get in her bed and all it means is like just have her thinking about you okay。

 have her thinking about you and your thoughts。😊，That's the flow， that's the process， okay， thoughts。

Then actions and emotions。 if you do thoughts first。 And then she's fulfill some actions。

 like helping you out， doing stuff， which I'll get into in a bit。

 Then her emotions will eventually follow。 You know， I actually kind of like this guy。

 I'm drawing about this guy。 I'm thinking about。The way that a girl knows she likes you is not even that she logically decides that she likes you Did you guys know that？

Yeah。So not like I like one guy who' like I do it， he's not like she goes， I like you。

I think I like this one。 The way the girl decides that shees。

 likes you is that she either misses you。 She feels some sort of pain when you're not around or she's always thinking about you。

 Therefore， she decides that she likes you。I think about this guy a lot all the time。

 I must like him。I miss him when he's not around when he takes away his attention。I must like you。

As fucked up as it is， it kind of feels like pain is the trigger to knowing that she likes you。

Versus guys we like， yeah， I like this  one。 I want to see where it goes。 We're we're like curious。

 like logically， but that's not how it works。Well most girls anyways， was it most girls is like。

 this is guy， I keep talking to him， I really like him。

 I don't think he notices me or maybe he likes somebody else like this whole like story of it， right？

So。Thoughts first。Actions。Thenhan emotions。 So there's a few ways to get that investment。 Okay。

 there's actually。This four。Ts bait challenge doing favors， I'll explain what that means。Okay。

 so teasing。 What is teasing。Teasing is we're just making a joke， little teas。喂。嗯。

back of the day we call it coffee funny or little joke， a little teasing joke here and there。

That's how you get the attention。At least the initial emotional openness there。

 emotional bandwidth opens up， what are some examples of a tease guys？You're too short for me。

 that actually would be a challenge， it's close。So you have a white girl tattoo。

 That could be a tease。 Yeah， are you a trat or you trat worthy， right， It's a tease。A bait would be。

Similar to a challenge Bay's like， well。I wonder if。

I wonder if you're as good a kisser as you say you are。Right。

A challenge could be something along the lines of。My friends say that you and me wouldn't get along。

 but I'm not sure。 let's find out， yeah。You oh， you're a doctor。 You're studying medicine。

 That's what they all say。 That's what they all say。 right， prove it。Its little of a challenge。

 There's just little social things you can do for fun。 Okay。

 so teas being and challenge gets like an emotional hook in the conversation gets her thinking about you a little bit。

 at least。 Okay， And then the last part would be。An action， and action， action action。

 So throughout any interaction I have with a girl， you're gonna see me do little things like this。

 It's not even conscious at this point， but at one point， it was a conscious decision。 Im like， shit。

 my back is really hurting。 and my shoe is tired。 Could you help me out。 They usually say yes。

 no I no。 at least put it out there。 Or when you tell the girl。 shit， my back is really hurting。

 my shoulder is absorb。 but on the computer all day。 I'm really tense。 Can I get a little massage。

That's an investment， that's an action if you ask her to hold your drink for a second with a napkin over it while you order another drink here。

 hold a drink for a second real quick。It's gotta get another one and yeah I want to get roofied right that's an investment all these little things add up add up add up investment investment investment these are just little small things for they to do add up eventually because at some point you're dating a girl you're going to ask her hey。

And if you're dating here， you can say， listen， I got this project that's due for school or work。

 could you said this， did you send me that email thing or could you copy that for me。

 could you drop this off for me could you pick up this key？St like that。

 little favors asking her to help you with something， asking her for your assistant for assistant。

 A lot of the RSD guys when they date girls right now。

 what they'll do is they'll take the girl and they'll have the girl come with them to the video shoot and the girl will adjust the camera and they'll teach them all about tripods and lenses and DSLR cameras and manual focus and all stuff and the girls invest she's contributing to the production of a video the investment starts from the beginning It starts from like five minutes in it doesn't start like at the end。

 So if you're have somebody investing with you and you reward them for investing。

 you actually give part of yourself to them That's fine。

 a lot of guys say should I buy a girl a drink all the depends is she investing。

I don't know if she is in fire the fucking joy。 if a girl， like if a girl。

Is willing to like wave off her friends。 like， we gotta go。 Sarah， She's like， go， go， go on。

 I'll be fine。 I'm gonna stand here for a bit。 Are you good。 Yeah， yeah， I'm good。

 she's willing to do that。 F Yeah， she's invested。 I'm gonna buy her a drink。You know。

 if she's willing to give me a back massage， I'm going to buy a drink if she's willing to， you know。

Help me find something on Google or webkipedia or whatever it is she's contributing and investing I'm buy I'm going to get her drink。

 it's all a matter of investing to others who invest into you。

 but I want to leave the opportunity for people to invest right So that's the way you can do it tease。

 bait challenge and also some of these actions。Because sex is an investment， too。

You guys realize that？Sex is an investment so when you guys get buyer remorse as this is the girl made an investment in the section she feels guilty about it It's like oh shit。

 I went from no investment to this 100% investment she feels bad about that jump The investment jump was too sharpened so if you have small investments along the way and then sex she feels better about it。

somebodybody stands like like my ex girlfriend。Lve her to death。

 Mike's girlfriend when she came over on our second date。

 she brought like alcohol bottle and cooked lasagna。

I told the story before the girl that I'm seeing right now who canceled and then I said， all。

 you know what， hey， who made it for a date， totally down me it for a date。

 but you just got to like pay for the alcohol， boozes on you， of course， right。

 there has to be some sort of investment there because if there's no investment the girl doesn't appreciate your time she can't appreciate you。

You have to be willing。listen， if I'm going to take a girl fucking out to Vegas or Miami or any of these places with all the RSD guys and pimp it and drive around the fucking awesome cars。

 she's got to be able to fucking call me like once every two or three days or send me a text or just be accountable。

 just be consistent。RightLike all I'm asking was like a simple basic shit before like I show the world now you wouldn't not have all those things going on for you in your life。

 but you do have things that you've been through， you can offer as value。

 everything you've been through in your life， the story of you is your value， all of your opinions。

 your experiences， things you've earned。The knowledge you've gotten， okay， that's what you value。

And you can give that to the grow， that's what you trade off for that investment。

 so you're worth investing into。You know， I have a friend of mine who lost $1 million。 Okay。

 good friend of mine， lost $1 million he owned a bit company。 Now he goes around and he。

Workse for another Bitcoin company， but he can also advise people on how to not get scams because he got scams right there's a value in that story。

 there's value in that loss， he took that lemon and made lemonade from it So even if your life hasn't been grave up until then all the experiences you had still have value still and the value you bring to the world is what you've been through。

And that's worth still investing into。All right， yeah， quick question。Louder。Louder， yeah。Yeah yeah。

 What about changing locations。What you're changing my with you and what about emotionally opening？

Yeah， those are really big。 I don't emotionally open I open up emotionally。

 how I say I open up and I't get emotionally attached。

 So I'll tell people anything like I'm gonna to stay here talking to you guys about sex。

 but I'm not like emotionally attached to you guys right So I'm sharing I'll share but I'm not emotionally attached when it comes to changing locations that the girls are changing locations。

 sometimes I'll go with them because a girl's not always gonna leave four of her friends always at too much of a risk because she has social alliances。

 she's attached to her friends， she's not gonna leave everybody So I'll sometimes go with them。

 But if a girl leaves the club。 I'm not taking like you didn't invest in me enough。

 but if she stays with me and her friends leave that's a huge investment。Thanks。

You change your location。Yeah a different phrase。Yes。Yeah， in fact yes， yes。

 time she spends with you is an investment， yes， it's not a huge one。

 not speaking of investment in sex， or I would even say a girl buying you dinner is a bigger investment than sex。

As weird as that is。Becauseuse the girl b you the girl pis you sex。 girl has sex kind of like， well。

 I have sex with that guy， but that wasn't me。 It was fun。 It was in the middle of the night。

 I was crazy。 I was drunk。 It was a Vegas。 It was it was a party， you know， whatever。

 a girl buy you dinner she like， well， I guess I had this bottom ten。

 there's no like logical excuse there。😊，One question one question。

meunderstand that you're opening to you and getting very private。Yeah， no。

 crying on her shoulder is not an investment。 No， you telling her stuff is not an investment。 if she。

 if she tells you emotional things， that's maybe not be an investment。

 She's just using you as a soundboard。Now， teas bait challenge actions。

 is' exactly what I said it is， nothing else， nothing less。

Her telling you about her dad dying in cancer is not even an investment because she'll still go and fuck the football dude tomorrow。

Yeah。