# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：43 言语游戏 — 全圣诞老人对半圣诞老人 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。So verbal game。Let's start that chapter。 Good old verbal game。With every interaction。

I'm thinking of。Full Santa versus half Santa。I'm going tell you a little story。

 a little parable gather around children， little parable tail。 All right。

 so this is going to be kind of gross， but hopefully it'll be fun。 All right， imagine。😊。

Imagine it's Christmas morning。December。And it's snowing outside the tree is there and you're with your family。

And you're excited because you're a little kid and you've happened to leave some milk and some cookies out for Santa Claus。

And you wake up， and you come downstairs， you run downstairs。

 you look like you little oney or whatever it is， and you're excited。If're safer for presence。

 look at Santa Claus。This the stuff you left for him。

 You see that there's a cookie there And Santa ate half the cookie like， right down the middle。

 That's weird。 All right。Then you look at the milk， Santa drank half the glass of milk， you're like。

A。That's pretty strange。And then you hear。啊。嗯。아。what's that， what's that smell。

 what's that rancison smell and that horrible wretched sound？

And you go in around the tree and there behind the tree。Is a box cut in half。

With a puppy in it cut in half。Theres a half dead puppy in the box。Just there， dying， bleeding。

 guts coming out， ran to smell， flies， but it's still kind of a， like。呃。Let your parents go。

Happy Christmas Sun， okay？What's the perable of that story that you would be insulted if Santa Claus gave you a half present？

You'd be disgusted， you'd be grossed out if Santa Claus gave you a half present like， oh。

 what is this， what is this half present bullshit， like you don't even want the half present。

 you'd want no present at all or full present okay， so in every interaction I have with a girl。

I try to give her value sincerely and fully， I try to go full Santa on her， okay， full present。

 full present， not this half fast approach， hey， what's up， hey， yeah。

 I kind of want you but I kind of fuck that okay？Not this oh， I kinda want to touch you。

 but I'm not gonna to touch you None this I kinda want to go home with you。

 but let's not go None this if you want to stay at your front like no， full stand up， fully commit。

 fully decide to give value， fully decide you commit to a story。

 commit to it C I just told that dog joke。Is it possible that everybody didn't like that dog joke。

 It's possible it wass disgusting， but I committed to it right， so you had to fully commit to it。

 You can't be spineless。Okay， none of this spinless stuff。

 none there like this leaf floating in the wind， floating in the wind leaf。Just floating in the wind。

 pussy footing around， just like， oh， you know， whatever happens happens。

 you have to decide you have to cut off all other options from your mind okay。

 all other acceptable behavior from yourself and fully give 100% to every interaction that you are in okay you can't hold back and have a shield just to protect yourself because that actually is the rejection。

 you reject yourself first by doing that， fully commit fully Santa on every single set that's what we talk about give value。

That's what it means to give value， you give selflessly。

 you give completely and expect nothing in return。If you get something in turn， that's bonus。

 that's just cool， that's likeicing on the top， okay？The next phrase is this， write this down。

Write this down， all right， I go up。I want to make sure I get the word right here， I go up。

Fully expecting nothing， but I welcome surprises。All， I fully expect nothing。

 but I welcome surprises。Think about that。Permit。Fully expect nothing like， hey if it happens。

 it works out great。 That's awesome。 Like， I'm not gonna turn the shit down。

 but I expect nothing to happen。 It's， it's kind of like， it's like。😊，It's in the middle。

 or it's a gray area。You're fully doing it。 But you're like， it works out， not， but you expect it to。

 You， a lot of guys have a challenge with that like， well， how do I， how do I。

Expect nothing but fully commit you just use the side to。You make it not working out your goal。

 just like， hey， man， I'm putting this shit on the table， you know， sink or swim。Like I said。

 not everybody's going to resonate with it。 Some people are going to be right or die。

 and they're going to appreciate other people。 It's not going to be the thing。

 But those few people that you do click with are're going to resonate with that much more。

my expression is Madison is for some， not for all。It' for some， not for all， and that's totally fine。

I'm okay with rejection as long as the girl rejects me for me。 as long as she rejects me for me。

 I'm okay care for rejection， that's fine， but if I don't give her an opportunity to see me like put my full self out there。

 then I failed， I failed in my end。And I hold myself responsible for that， okay， so full Santa。

 no half Santa， full Santa。