# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：60 实战分解 - 渥太华拉，不完美&宽松 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

What I'm gonna to show you right now is a great infield pool in the city in Canada end of the night。

 Now I call it the dirty 30 because I say that it's a joke。

 I say 30% of your results will come from the end of night。 That's absolutely true。

 A lot of guys think that game is actually done inside the club。

 In the club is pretty much like detention where you're passing time and you're just trying to do get through to the end of the night。

 It's like， what can you do to keep it fun for yourself。

 not be boring until you get to the end of the night。 Once you get to the end of the night。

 That's when the real results happen When you walk out the front door with the girl when you figure out plans。

😊，When you meet her friends and say， hey， we're gonna go to a diner and when you figure out， hey。

 we're all gonna go do something else， Where are you guys doing。

 that's where the real results come from。 Okay now in this pool， you're gonna see a lot of things。

 You're gonna see the girl leave me a bunch of times and me keep my cool about me。

 You're gonna see how I don't get frustrated or upset or angry。 It's all a big game。

 It's a game that I'm playing with her and me together。 I have a buddy of mine， his name is Frank。

 when he says to me， he's like， when he pitch game， He pictures that he's just on a playground。

 We're all on a playground。And he is a ball， and he wants to play。And he's going up to the girls。

 he's like， heHey， do you want to play？Let's play。 Yeah， let's play the ball。 It's not like。

 let's play so I can possess you。 Let's play。 So I own you。 Let's play。

 So I know that I'm good at playing。 just like I have a ball life as a playground。

 let's say if we can play together。 That's the whole frame。

 so I never let anything affect me when it doesn't go well。 And I'm persistent。

 notice how well I persist and I adjust the main thing also。

 too is I'm trying to always understand how the girls feeling on the moment to moment basis。

 What am I doing that's affecting her and how she feels so I'm gonna play the clip。

 and youre having to break it down， explain to you exactly what I'm thinking every single moment。

 When I break stuff down， I try to break it down to you on about four levels。 Okay。

 I try to break down the technical aspect of the technique that I'm using。

 So you understand what is the technique， how does it work and how do you apply what's the reason I'm using it。

 I also try to break down a concept levels。 So overall concept in game that this applies to could be firece dynamic。

😊，Freated from Mal， whatever is a whole bunch of tech concepts that it applies to I want to explain to you。

 I'm also gonna break down my inner game。What I'm thinking， what I'm feeling in a moment。

 what I'm going through， what's my perception of the situation。last but not least。

 I also try to break down the girl's experience， whats she feeling， what's life like for her。

 how does she feel what's going on in her world， All that makes sense。Okay，Yeah。

 so all this will help you to have good game overall because it'll help you attack the situation all different angles and see it。

 not just from your experience， but also from the experience that the girls having。

 So let's crack this， let's crack into this。 I see a girl。

 She gets out of She gets out of a car and she's just randomly standing there。😊，Hi， Eddie。

 I missed you。That's the magic opener， Gu。 What's Madison's magic opener。 Hi， honey， I missed you。

 That's it。😊，Nothing special。 Guys always say， what is the opener that makes it happen。 Listen。

 if you go back and you ask your dad， Okay， because you guys that have a dad because I'm assuming you weren't like artificially like ins7inated and test tubes。

 If you are to apologize， come see me after， don't write a complain letter。

 But if you have a dad and your dad fucked your mom as gross as that is。😡，Your dad fucked your mom。

She doesn't remember what the opener was。 I bet you。 She does not remember。 Okay。

 And still they had this relationship with some kind。 right。

 So it really doesn't matter what your opener is that much。 You w to know my best opener of 2016。

 This is the opener mean and OU is the best one。 Are you ready， ready， You ready， Okay。

 to be your opener forever。 Okay， There's a bunch of them。😊，Before we used to have you。

 you know how to party。 A good one is， don't I know you from Tinder。 That's a pretty cool one。

 The best one you have， The best technology we've eventvent invented in 2016 is， hey。

 nice to meet you。😊，That's it。 That's the best technology we have。2016。 Hey， nice to meet you。

 because it relieves the worry of what's my opener gonna be。

 And you can get right into the conversation。 One of the theories that we have is that it's already open。

 The conversation is already open。 right， There's no need to start a conversation。

 Just imagine the conversation is already happening。

 The conversation is already happening with everybody。 So you walk up to somebody。

 you almost start the conversation in the middle as if you already know them。 So when I say， hey。

 hey， honey， I missed you。 It's like we've had a conversation before。 I'm there I met her。😊。

There is no opener， opening doesn't exist。Opening does not exist。

It's something that we make up in our mind to put pressure on ourselves。 All right。

 like all these things in pickup。 we we say， what is your these erase these。

 these words from your mind。 What is the target。What is the approach， What is your opener， Okay。

 erase these from your mind， Targ， approach， opener， These words are toxic。

 These words allow you to not be a normal human being。 Okay， erase these words。 Targ approach。

 opener doesn't exist。 Just go up and meet somebody。Go up meet them。

 Go up and find out what their story is。 Go up and see what's going on here。 Hey。

 I'll say that again。 Youse target approach and open it from your mind。

 Just go up and see what's going on here。 Go up and investigate。

 go up and try to see what their story is。 Go up and meet them。That's it。 That's it。

 When you do that， you remove all the awkwardness for your for yourself and you remove all the awkwardness for the girl。

 There is no awkwardness。 You start as if the conversation is already open。 There is no open。

Another thing I'd say to that is I treat everything in the world like it's a 100 set。

 I don't do one approach here。One approach here。 Get back to being alone depressed。1 approach here。

 alone and depressed。 One approach here， doubt myself。

 I think of the world as a 100 set or the club as a 100 set or the street as a 100 set。 Okay。

 when I'm having that kind of mind frame。 Everything I do is a good open because it's already open。

 I'm just trying to meet people。 See what's going on。 Meet them， see what's going on。

 chat a little bit and then decide if we're a good fit。 then decide if we can get together。 Alright。

 so my opener is， hey， honey， I missed you。😊，On a scale of  one to 1。

 it's like a six and a half seven in terms of quality。It's right。It's not that it's good or the best。

 It's just right。 She can tell where it's coming from Everything I just explained to you guys about the hundred set and it's already open and bh。

 blah， blah on the target。 She can tell it already from， hey， honey， nice to meet you。😊。

This's my attitude with it you can tell from my attitude， okay？Because imagine her life。

Li of a girl is she walks up。 She walks around the street and everybody's trying to hit on her。

 I'll talk about that a little bit more。 Everybody's like， hey， baby， what's your name。 Hey， girl。

 where are you going， Where are you going， Walk in the street，20 guys， Hey， where are you going。

 Where are you， I don't want to talk people where I'm going。

 I want to tell the strangers where I'm going。 So she can tell that one line that it's enough。

 Alright， Now we're gonna see how that unfolds in a bit。😊，It's been like whatt years。

 like how long has it been like four years， something like that？For， it's been so long。

 I almost feel like。University and psychology class， I remember that。

You know what I remember also too psychology was my favorite subject remember that time that you were like you were in school and everybody teased you and they put like yeah yeah yeah。

 and you' were the ugly duckling and they totally like put something like they totally focus focus they totally like put you in the locker and then I came my save you remember that？

Very important moment here， right， Very important moment。 She gets distracted by something。

 and I allow it to happen。 I just trust that she'll come back。 She might not after actually。

 in a few moments， she'll leave many times， but I allow the space for her to have a moment and come back。

 You'll see this also when guys do pulling a lot， too。guys are pulling to be two girls。

 They need to talk to each other。 They need a moment to go talk to each other to allow that It's very important for a guy to allow that space because pickup is a dance really。

 It's a dance between you and the girl and there's a space in between So it's you。

 the space in between and her space。 And you got to sometimes step out of the space in between to allow her to step into it。

 So also here creating a little bit of role play very old school I'm like， you know。

 me and you were in school。 I put you in to locker steal your lunch。

 It's one the things I say sometimes's kind like a little fun role play。

 It's like a Brady little sister frame。 every hot girl wants to be the Brady little sister or somebody。

 know， she wants somebody to be like the daddy and kind like boss her out。 It's kind of fun for them。

 It's like， I don't mean it's seriously， I mean in a joking way where we both benefit from it。😊。

I remember that that was so honestly like I just met that girl tonight but she's really good friends with one of our best friends。

 but I'm not going get in the car with a bunch Arab guys like I hear Arab guys are all fucking pimps and like I'm down to get pimped out like I'm old enough to know better than those shit you old enough Are you 29？

O the30'm oldな。Right。I've enough to I like that you see very mentally sharp at this time of the hour Yeah。

 you know I've had a few drinks but I'm not going to drive away into the midst in this round of white SU yeah yeah I know I have my own SUV like oh really where's that？

I can't come with you whether it's your S。 I'm gonna count executive at a software company。

 So I'm not a loser。 Let's talk about this for a second。 Okay， It's really interesting。 She goes。

 I have my own SUV。 Why， why she feel the need to say that。 I' I don't even know。 I have my own SUV。

 I'm an account executive at a software company。 So clearly， in some way。

 she's trying to say that I am she's a successful woman。😊。

And that she has a financial stability in a career。 She's trying to say she's smart in some way。

 So you can say she's trying to communicate to me that she is of quality。

 She's a class and she has higher standards in some way。 Now， is that maybe true。

 I have no fucking idea， man， these girls sometimes at night。 They just say stuff。 And then you like。

 I'm a classy girl。 And then you see them like doing a line of coke off a bar or something like that。

 So I really don't know， I don't take it too seriously。 I just kind of take it with a grain of salt。

 But what I can say， it's good that she's saying this。

It's good because it means that I'm a guy of value， even though I haven't said anything about myself。

 what does she know about me so far？Are you guys following that， nothing。 I。

 I haven't said anything about myself， right， I， I really haven't said anything。But she's like， okay。

 this guy has value in some way。 So it's interesting。 I'm not rambling off like， oh， by the way。

 I traveled 32 countries a year。 and I'm internationally recognized。 like， I'm not saying that。

 but just by my。Communication of where I'm coming from my headspace and my emotions and my body。

 chilling out， talking like biocelo dynamic we talk about a lot。 I'm chilling out here。

' the back of the rails。 I'm allowing space for her to talk a little bit for her to back away。

She can tell them a guy of value， or at least my headspace is a guy of value。Now。

 you might ask yourself a lot of guys are new here in the audience。 want to say to yourself。

 you know what， man， Madison， that's great， but I't， I didn't live in LA mansions。

 I didn't travel in 30 countries a year。 I'm not friends with millionaires， whatever， whatever。

 I'm not of value， Madison。 I'm not there yet。 and I get that。 I get that。

 but you are of value because you have experiences in world that nobody else has had。

 You've had your life up until now。 And everything you experienced in your life is unique。😊。

It's singular。 It's unique。 You can share that with the world。 Okay。

 Nobody's been through your stories， no one's overcome your challenges in school， family， everything。

 nobody's going to overcome those challenges the way you you did。 So everything you've been through。

 you can share that with a girl。 That gives you value。 I also want you to bet on your future self。

You guys are here in a seminar to learn。 you're here a seminar to learn because you're here trying to learn。

 That means you're on the path of improvement。 Girls aren't so concerned about。

 they're not so concerned about what you have right now。

 They just want to make sure you're making progress you have a direction you're trying to get to。

 And if they can see you're working on yourself。 you have ambitions， goals， a direction， motivation。

 you have those things。 you know， okay， he's a guy who will move up。

 He's a stock that I want to invest in。 So that's where my sense of value comes from。

 It doesn't come from where I achieve。 It comes from me knowing that I'm always working on myself。

 So I can say I'm working on myself。Fuck yeah。 and feel good about that。 Okay。

 so you can feel good about that right now today because there stuff you're working on。

 you're in this room， you're focusing on yourself and you're trying to grow for the future。

 All right， that's where that laid back sense of aura comes from。 Now。

 you can also just fake it till you make it。 Just fake it。 Just fake that you're the buyer。

 Just fake that you're the buyer。 Okay， you can also fake that。😊，You know。

 we all see a vacancy make it until your brain catches up with what's actually happening in reality。

I don't need it。I used to be a account executive in the software company。

En is my company En never heard of it。 So security， It's like huge。

Soft security so like your competitors were like Norton and Samantec。

Savanec is definitely one Norton， not necessarily one Norton， did you search？Oh yeah。

 it's getting sexy baby。Oh yeah。 was this a minute in。

 I'm talking about that sexy firewalls and somemantex antivirus software。ooh， that turns me on。

 What about， what about the servers， What kind of servers are they on， the bandwidth of the Internet。

 Well that's really oh hackers。h binary bits and ones。

 guys want to jerk off right now is that turning you on Just imagine it。

 Imagine the big one pager P file with stats about software。Oh my gosh who， who。

 who pre comes into the pants right now。 Any， you， you， I did a little bit。 I'm not going to lie。

 Okay， so I'm being silly here。 But the point is， guys say， what do you talk about in your pickup。

 I literally talk about。😊，What I'm passionate about。 So I used to work for about three。

 actually four years in computer sales。 I worked。I won't mention the company。

 but I worked at a pretty large company that did computer sales。 I was set up servers。

 I would set up like I do training with different software vendors。

 I was A certified Vmware certified， all this kind of stuff。 I when I was like 15 or 16。

 I built my first computer。 my friend like go to this parts store and build parts and build like a clone PC from scratch all that kind of shit I'm pretty good computer。

 So when she starts talking about this I'， let'snerd out computer stuff。 But the idea is。

 guys say what do I talk about， You want to talk about whatever your fucking passion is like really。

 and're gonna exercises later on to get that out of you But you need to actually ask yourself。

 what am I passionate about， What do I talk to my boys about。

 What am I excited about in life and share that with the girl literally bring it up。 guys say。

 feels forced if I bring up， fucking force it， man because she's not gonna crack open your head and look into your past history and understand what you're passionate about what you've done。

 You get to literally share it with her。 So we're having a conversation here about。😊，PC software。

 And it's the moment for us to connect because we're sincere about it。 right。

 I'm sharing my passions。 I'm sharing my experience。 I'm sharing what I actually do。 Now。

 you guys might be surprised when I meet a girl。😊，I actually probably usually show RSD videos。I do。

 If you go on my bumble profile right now， there's a link to an RSD video in my Bumble profile。

 you might say that's pretty counterintuitive。 Why would you want to do that？

I do it because I know that if I share that with her。She gets to know the real me。

 A lot of guys are afraid to show the real them because they don't want to be rejected by the girl。

 saying she's not gonna like it。 Listen， there's stuff about her that she doesn't like as well。

 most people don't like as well。 But I want to get to those skeletons in the closet as soon as possible。

 I want to get deep down to the real me and her connection as quickly as possible。

 A guy that's good at game does one thing ultimately。Hey， it's very key here。The guy' good a game。

 walks up to girls， and he communicates himself effectively and quickly。Okay。

 effectively and quickly， he communicates himself effectively and quickly。

 Let me hear you guys say that。 He communicates himself effectively and quickly。

 to communicate yourself effectively and quickly is what makes people like you。

You guys think you guys see like see， maybe Jeff， I think Jeff is amazing at this。

 Jeff is just like hilarious， right， You get Jeff gets up on a stage or in a video， you see him。

 he's like。😊，This guy is， is really being himself。 He's really portraying who he is。

 He's putting his full self out there。 It's fucking amazing。 He's hilarious。 He's rambunctious。 Like。

 you get a sense， you get a sense of who Jeff is really quickly。😊。

You also get a sense of who maybe Tod is very quickly。 Who own it is who I am。

 You get a sense of how we are as people very quickly。 So that means we're effective communicators。

 We walk up to girls and we right away show them who we are。 We get straight into it。

 We don't like pushssy foot around。 Hey， what's up， Oh， how's it going。 Oh， that's cool。 Yeah。

 And then get into it。 like， boom， Here we are。 boom， Here we are， boom， here we are。😊。

One of the instructors， Derek， he says sharp edges forward。

 So you're essentially walking up to girls。 And I think his assistant came up with this as well。

 You're walking up to girls and you're showing them who you are first。 A lot of guys。

 let's say you cut， you have a knife and you're trying to cut through a knife with butter。

If you take the dull side of the knife and you try to cut through anything， how is it cut pretty bad。

 right？Cpppy because the knife isn't meant to cut with a dull side。

 It's meant to cut with a sharp side。 So we get straight to the point of who we are right away。

 Sharp edges forward。 We communicate that as quickly as possible。 Now， you guys might be wondering。

 how do I do that， Don't worry throughout the course of the day in the program。

 You guys gonna to learn how to do that。Let's walk it through this way。

 by the way after we' actually I'm going to go back into this bar where I fuck that's where my friends are I'm totally down to grab a drink or a bite sorry I was back。

I was here。It was random。It's random。Y， it was random。This wife。W呀， come here come here。

It was just by Luke， she happened to have been in this bar before and it was like。

 I was so bluey if I went the opposite direction that wouldn't have happened， so spooky。

I can catch a up that's so random up。You guys are like， what the fuck you just left。 Girl do that。

 That will happen to you several times in the night。 You may lose the girl， girl go to the bathroom。

 She go see your friends。 you go and you know， you gotta go somewhere。

 You guys are so disappointed and sad， by the way， when she I just like， that's not the end。

 Don't worry。 See I am just reading your faces too。

 You guys like have like a downer when she left for a second。 notice I don't have that。

 My emotions are still the same。 A girl will leave throughout the night for many many different reasons。

 of which were out of your control。 when she comes out to a night。

 she wants to enjoy the adventure of the night， she wants to have a drink。 dance。

 see friends flirt with multiple guys。 All right， so you can't take it personally when she leaves。

 She will try to leave at some point。 You can't lock her down like a prisoner or a slave to focus on you for an hour or two hours。

 very rare to happen。 but it's very hard to do that。 She wants to explore the night。 Now。

 I understand this and I don't take it personally。 I never take rejection personally because I understand that fact。

 A hot girl is looking for a guy that doesn't take rejection personally。

I always find something funny with every rejection， I make a joke out of it， I laugh， I lighthearted。

 I don't take it personal， okay she's not rejecting you。

 she's just rejecting the moment or the opportunity at that moment， It's not personal， right。

Another thing is you can only get as the quality of hot girl as you're okay with losing that girl because the hotter girl you're okay with losing is the hotter girl you're able to get。

You have to be okay with losing a very hot girl in order to get a very hot girl because when she comes back。

 she wants to make sure you're not emotionally flinched。You haven't been affected by the fact she's。

 she's gone。 She wants to make sure you're not like。

 and you're a little bit sad that your emotions have went down a little bit。

 You're a little bit like doubting yourself。 She's looking at that。 It's a very。

 very primal reptilian like cave man type of thing。 You know， repilian brain， cave man， old。

 old old emotional brain。 It's not logical， but she needs to look at that to find them。

 The partner is the most resilient。Because a guy that's emotionally resilient is a guy that can。

 let's say in survival， right， survival replication， which is very important。

 A guy that's most resilient is a guy that can lose a job and get another one。

 He's a guy that can also。😊，You know， sees a bear coming to attack the village and he's able to handle the bear。

 It's a guy who gets sick and he gets back gets back up and works anyways， even though he's sick。

 So she wants to make sure you're resilient in some way。 Okay， so never， ever。

 ever let the fact that the girl leaves you bring you down a notch because the reality of a hot girl is that she gets approached so often by so many guys that she can't say yes to everybody。

 She just can't。 That's what she's experiencing。 How many cool guys that she meet in a night。

 a bunch。 you're not the only cool guy。😊，I know that I'm not。 She's pretty。

 She probably has guys that are football players or guys that are hockey players or promoters at a club or guys that just can afford bottle service or friends or friends of hers like。

 she knows cool guys。 She made so many of them that she can't invest in every single one she can kind of just enjoy them and whichever one figures it out。

 Figure it out， whichever one ends up in front of her is the one that ends up in front of her at the end。

 The last Dickstand kind of scenario。 Okay， so I never take it personal。

 I would also say that girls just do whatever feels good。

 And I'll explain that a little bit more in the breakdown coming up。😊，Wai is that her over there？

WeRe right， I'm going to go back here。Why， look mad dude。 I'm gonna go back in。 Me， Why not。 Why not。

 Yeah， me back in。 Why not I don' like， because she is。 She like you think should go。 I don't know。

 I don't you're rejected again。 Oh， she's talking to a dude。 Oh I'm like， I'm gonna back in。 Why not。

😊，This is my voice tonality， how I'm joking with myself， This is my voice。 how I talk to myself。

 helps get me in a good vibe。 I use my voice as a tool to relax myself。 look at my face。

 I'm gonna go back in。 Me Why not， making it like a silly face。 Why not， right。

 My face is a tool to make myself feel good all the time。

 I'm constantly using my body to make myself feel good to make myself feel good。

 And the way I talk about it， too， My vocabulary。 I'm gonna go back in。 Me， Why not。😊，Like， oh。

 there'， she's back with a guy now。 I'm scared。 very， very chill， very lighthearted about it。

 All these things are important。😰，I call that your internal coach。 All right， your internal coach。

 every single one of you guys have an internal coach。 He talks to you， he goes， you suck。

What are you saying in the corner？Your internal coach say， I don't know what to say。 I ran。

 I write a thing to say next， right。I try to tell my my internal coach to talk to me positively。

 I use my internal coach all the time to shove good shit into my head。

 to brainwash myself and hypnotize myself with good shit。

 It's a choice you make we all have that choice decision that we make。

 So I use my internal coach to tell me good shit。 Okay， so decide in advance， like。

 when I have a negative thought， notice the thought。😊，Cut it off， place it with a more chilled out。

 casual thought， right I don't know what to say。That's okay， walk up and say。

 I don't know what to say。Oh， she's talking to a dude。 Let's have fun。 F around。 Why not？Oh。

 she's there again。 She just walked away。 Yeah， silly girl， silly girl。 Now。

 I have that attitude in my head and watch how it allows me to reopen this set。

 Everything you're gonna to see right now from this point on looks like I'm a fucking superman。

It's going to look like I have superpowers。 And you're like， yo， how is Madison's game so sick。

 Where did this superpower come from？All the internal stuff I've been explaining to you where now this this inner game stuff。

 this character stuff， it's not going to go。And it's like Hadduking on a guy's face。

 Okay and you're like what the fuck and this is where it comes from。

 this is how it looks when you feel this way inside your body and you process your thoughts this way and you have emotions inside yourself this way okay。

Already are you cheating on me girls for like already I know you for about five minutes but I've known this guy for like I leave no no。

 you go back to high school I leave you alone we like five years ago I leave you over five years and this is what happened。

RememberThat's in Toronto I don't tag me in that recently No I never you because I't know you told me once you go black you never go back that's what you said obviously lies from everything else lies。

 lies lies You're making this seem like we've had more than five minutes of。

You know what It was very special meeting you five minutes ago Hey hey hey。

 I'm not going to lie I'm not going to lie it was quite the experience。

 but you know sorry don't come between us。 This is really special what we have going guys I you have a really big night ahead of you。

Are you talking to hear of me？は。You， but like me and him have something going on right now and it's really sense。

Not chemistry， don't cheat on me K。Listen， I can't handle it at this point。

 like I just live every day。Day by day， essentially the guy who tries the game is the guy who loses。

The guy guy who's like doing game is the guy who loses， right， So this guy is doing a game。

 He's doing pickup。And I'm just focused on being， being me， being， being， being。

So I kind of care less a little bit than this guy。 I appear to care。 Like。 actually care more。

 I' like got camera crew。 I got students here。 I want to show this I actually care more。

 but it looks like I care less。 Okay So essentially I walk and I'm like I'm more loose。

 I make of situation's called the frame I walk what's going on make he's trying to pick up's for guy to recover from that because how it works the girl's buying temperature is like not to home with a guy。

 So if you walk you're like you gonna fuck this guy gonna bang this dude。 She's like， what， no。

 maybe at the end of the night， she would have but right now her buying temperature isn't high。

 It's here she's not ready for it when you call out on it。's like she just shuts down the guy。

 kind walk in with that frame And I'm just loose now watch this high school。 I leave you alone。

 So she knew this guy for a few years because he was tagging some Facebook photo with mutual frame。😊。

And she knows me for five minutes。 Okay， and she's like very， very serious about that fact。

 That's a very， very emotional fact or a logical fact。It's a logical fact。

Now let me ask you a question， pretty easy question here。

 you guys are probably going to nail this one， are girls emotional or logical？Emotional， okay。

 so she's trying to go logical。 So my my idea is like， h， I'm the most emotional here。

 emotionalmotion communication more than her and more than the other guy。 I can't lose。Also。

 I'm just more loose， man。 It the more loose I am。 So I'm just gonna be like emotional communication。

 just loose。A good teacher is able to be loose。 and good pickup guys， able to be loose。

 So I see this guy trying to be serious。 and he's also trying to be logical。 It makes sense。

 I'm just like， loose， baby。😊，6。What's the secret。 Just get more loose， more loose。

 The guy who cares the least wins。 The guy is okay losing the girl gets the girl。

 The guy is able to communicate emotional but not logical， gets the girl。

 right I just want to be as loose as possible。 So watch how this unfolds。 We like five years ago。

 I leave you over him。 See here he goes。 We met like five years ago， logical。

 What do I say five years。 And this is what happened。😊。

RememberThat's in Toronto I don't taggged me in that picture。 No， no， you taggged me in the picture。

 which happened to be from your friend Sarah， remember with the beach logical No I you You told me once you go black you never go back。

 That's what you said。Right，You told me once you go black， you never go back。 So automatically。

 he can't win that。He's trying to logically convince the girl that they should have a relationship of some kind。

 I'm just like， loosen， loosen emotional， loosen emotional。 You can't win that argument。

 by being a dude。 You probably notice yourself doing it sometimes like you have a girl and she flakes on you。

 You're like， you said that。 You would be at this time。 You call me。 And I sent you a mess him。

 You didn't call back You're trying to convince her logically doesn't win。 change her mood。

 not her mind。 Old schools explanation。 Change her mood， not her mind。Obviously， obviously。

 lies but everything else lies， lies， lies。 You're making good one， good one。

 we more than five minutes of know special minutes and she tries to touch me。

 What do I do do I take the touch I'm like， no， I don't take it。 I'm like， hey， hey， hey， hey。

 So also what I'm doing I have no need for validation from her。 she'sroving of like it's okay。

 I'm like I don't need your validation。 I don't need your touch a girl's very。

 a guy who doesn't need her。 as I said before you get the girl that you're okay with losing。

 I don't need her。 That's fine。 I don't need your touch。 I don't need your approval。

 That's when she kind of flips。yy， Im not gonna lie。 It was quite the experience。 but know don't。

 is special have a really big night ahead of you。😊，A you talking to hear of me？

I like how it just underlined it， he says exactly what like everybody wants to hear。

 are you talking to him or me like， is this is this really happening？

So what is he happening right now？He still he's shocked and he's having like a downward spiral where his。

 his like explaining the emotions before。 I'm like a generator。

 I'm always making positive emotions inside myself。 I'm always thinking positive things。

 I'm always using my voice making me feel good。 I'm always making positive facial expressions。😊。

Student in the back， positive facial expressions， right。

 All this is a generator to help me feel good。 So I'm always gonna be in an upward spiral of success。

 Like boom， boom， boom， boom。 I like， I have a momentum of success。 Now。

 he has started being logical。😊，And logical creates doubts。And then he just says the doubt out loud。

 And he's just crumbling。 It's like a house of car just crumbling。

 And he's going to a downward spiral of success。 Okay。

 so that's why managing your internal state is so important。

 It's not that what I'm saying is so good。 I can say the good stuff because how I'm feeling is good。

😊，Game is emotion access， you can' access a good game when you feel like shit。

Here'll just continue to say the wrong thing over and over again。 Now。

 I'm going to start saying the right thing because I feel good emotion， access， good game。

 bad emotion， downward spiral。😊，You， but like me and him have something going on right now and it' really sense。

Not chemistry， don't cheat on me， Ka。Listen， I can't handle it at this point。

 like I just live every day。Da by landed out。 So whatever happens。 Why are you in the bar。

 because I'm cool。 So heres here's another good point。 right， You guys ever hear that song。

 I took a pill in a bi to show a Vchci I was cool。 You hear that song。

 That song was just about girls trying to feel good。 or Jeff says girls just want to have fun。

 I took a pill in a be to show a Vci I was cool。 This is like the headspace of a typical hot girl。

 Not every girl， but a lot of them， at least when they go out to the club。 Not when they're at work。

 So I took a pill。 Our drugs good or bad。 I don't know。 But I can sayre a lazy way to feel good。😊。

People aren't going out thinking about their headspace， their internal coach， facial expressions。

 voice tonality to feel good。 It's like， I took a pill， saw a problem。 I took a pill in a biza。 Oh。

 I went to an exotic location to also make me feel good， right， to show a Vci， to show somebody。😊。

Okay， to show somebody， you don't want to show anybody that you're cool。

 You don't ever want to show your status。 You never want to show that you are you should be accepted to show that you should be in social class。

 just go through life being you and you kind of follow where it may。 the chis fall where it may。

 And the show of Vici， a cool DJ， you know， T Sto Vici。

 David get all these guys to show them I was cool。 horriblerr。 But headspace of a girl。

 meaning that girls just want to go where the good emotions are and what feels good。

 The reason why I won that face off。😊，Because I felt better than the other option。 That's it。

I just felt better than the other options。 The girl just did whatever felt good。

 She just pursued whatever emotions felt good at the moment， they just happened to be me。😊。

There's no logical sense。 She's known me for four minutes。

 She has history with that guy for over five years or known of him for five years。

 There's no logical argument here。Logically。I would be the worst choice。To hang out with。

But I feel good at the moment。So always pursue the emotions， they will always pursue it。

 and you just got to make sure that you feel good， you are the best feeling option， and of course。

 again that starts with the feelings you feel it inside of yourself。I。come back at the bar。

 and come say hi。Well， two seconds ask my name first and then maybe I'll come All that's actually really good Yeah have manners have manners You know I'm so sorry that's a good start My name is Madison yeah。

What's your nationality duration background？I'm an immigrant， my friend。You just want me to do this。

At that point， she kind of touches my face。 I kind of don't like that。 in my mind， I'm like。

 it's kind of dis respectful to kind of just touch my face。 But I think， you know。

 usually I make a big fuss about it。 But she kind of does it like in a。In a rough， affectionate way。

 Like a squeezing of my cheeks， which is okay。 I don't like she's rough about it。

 but she squeezes my cheek。 So as a guy you gotta kind always figure out what your boundaries are。

 know what you're willing to accept and not accept， you know， she was like she was like， yeah。

m Polish like that wouldn' accept that at all。 But I think she's trying to flirt。

 She just kind of aggressive when she flirts。 And I understand that's how she is。 So I accept it。

 You have to make your own decision about stuff with girls like that all the time boundaries。

 what you accept what you won't accept them。 on dates they're talking to you how rude the sense of humor can be when don you don't like it anymore。

 every guy has to make that decision。 And you make those decisions for yourself as time goes on。

 I don't know。 You're aggressive。 I to be aggressive one usually You're social social butterfly。

 You're probably a Leo're Leo right。😊，I'm born August 24th， your birthday is coming up。Yeah。

 if you want to fly with to Vegas？I did that last year I kind of want to go to Hawaii this year Yeah。

 I wasn't going to take it I just wanted to see if you wanted to go away。

One of the ways you can always create interest in the girls。

 but explain this further in other boss parts， but teasing baiting and challenging teasing is where you tease her about something right you make a joke and you give it take it back baiting is where you make a sentence and you kind of have her choose get involved in the sentence and you challenge her。

 That's in the one right So teasing baiting and I explain this further in Boston in greater detail。

 I won't go into it right now。 But I do this a lot。

 I do this the girl of stays emotionally excited by the conversation。

 So a lot of my conversation with the girls is very boring like software and then I have some challenges here。

 So here the challenge I'm like， oh I thought you want to go to Jamaica， I would take you of course。

 I want to see if you go you little a little bit of a tease a little bit tease。

 she took the bait and then I pulled it back and teasse her a little bit。 No I have money。

 I don't need。You're so aggressive， oh my gosh。Okay， two seconds， two seconds。

Because you don't know how to have a normal conversation with a person。

 there's a buildup and there's a walkout， okay we're going to do numbers and I'll hit you up later Okay。

 listen no numbers。Just beat me aside no。I don't think so， so this is a very interesting part， right？

She's like， come inside。 come inside。 I'm like， no， no， no。 Why do you think I'm saying this to her。

Make your word for me。 Yeah， essentially is that like she's kind of in the girl who ran away twice。

 and I've already pursued her twice。 I wanted her to meet me somewhere in the middle。

Because I know eventually this girl is going to be a pain in the ass。 You know。

 if I had like hang out with her later on， she'd be like buy me dinner， take care of me。

 maybe or the I don't mind too much。 But like， I have to call her。 She doesn't call me back。

 I had to text her first。 She' doesn't text me back。 chase， Sha， Sha， Sha， chase。

 I don't want to be the guys always chasing because that's gonna make me feel like crap。

 And then every other girl's not gonna like me because I I've chased too much， right。

 then I'll get me into that downward spiral， of shame and shitty game。

 So I make the decision here to hold my ground。😊，Because I know it's more important to hold my ground。

Then get this girl。I'm never really concerned about getting any particular girl。

 I'm always concerned about being in alignment。 I'm concerned like。

 does this make me solid and centered as a man。How does this affect me in a week from now。

 If I chase this girl tonight， How does this affect me tomorrow， when my ex calls me back。

 Do I chase her。If I chase this girl tonight。When she's playing this game and I chased her tonight。

 tomorrow when。Tomorrow， when something happens， how how how do I respond in a week。

 How do all these chases add up， I never want to be off balance， Okay。

 I think of it as like a soccer game。 Imagine you'm playing soccer。

 there's a ball in front of you and you kick the balls within your range， you hit it。

 bam right into the net。 Now， if the ball is a little bit too far away from you。

 and you swing to get it。 You're gonna hyperexend。 you're gonna pull a ligament， pull a joint。

 pull your hip， etc ceter。 And how you can't play soccer after that because're gonna be injured。

 I view game the same way。 I I play a game where I'm constantly trying to be in alignment and I never want to be injured for the next girl。

 I never want to be fucked up off balance。Pussy， spineless， wimpy， over chasing， overtending。

 So when I get to the next girl， I'm like。She's like， I would have liked you， but you're a mess。

 right， You guys feel like you do that sometimes。 Yeah， Yeah， I everybody does that， right。

 were like， we're chasing so hard， chasing so hard that by the time we meet a girl that would have liked us for us。

 we're all like needy。😊，I never want to do that， so I make the decision here， stay grounded。

 This girl' is going to be a pain in the ass either way。Stak ground it， holds your own。

fight the power and hopefully they'll work out。 I don't know it to work out because she's going inside。

 I don't know it。 but I trust that if I keep this going， I might not get her。

 but I'll get a hot girl eventually。 I'll get a girl eventually Ne not tonight。

 maybe in a weekend from now， when I'm holding my shit together。 I'll get that girl。 Okay。

 get to trust in that and trust that if you're doing the right things and managing yourself。

 you'll eventually get the girl not this girl， but a girl of that quality。

 because you are committing to being a guy of quality， Therefore。

 you will eventually get a girl of quality。 Does that make sense。Can't cool。Fuck。

And look at my face smiling the whole time， right， I'm like， fuck， you know， I'm like fuck I'm like。

 fuck man shits。Slide， I'm like。Fuck， I'm still happy about my losses。 So you can always。

Here's another thing too about rejection， you always choose how to process the rejection。

 you always choose how to process that moment， okay？Whenever you do an approach。

 I want to see you guys be happy because who the fuck would have the balls to do that， right。

 boot camp student， whenever you come out of approach。

 I want to ask him to come back and give me a high5， just because he did it。

 just because he's happy that he did it。 Reject does not exist。

 It's a thing that you make up in your mind。It's a label you put on yourself。

 which therefore makes you feel like shit。 Allright， The rejection doesn't exist。

 You always choose how to feel after it。 You can control it with your body， your voice。

 your facial expressions， make a joke out of it。 exaggerated。

 rejection is something that you're always in control of。 When I get rejected。

 I get just as much of a high off of a good set， like a makeout。 Then I do off of a rejection。

 I train my brain to do that。 you can train your brain to do that， too。

 get just as much of a high off of rejection as you could off of a make。

RightYou don't need that validation to feel good。 You decide to feel good。

 That's the cool thing about being a man is that a man is more kind of like centered in his own way。

 and he can decide what he responds to。 And a grow kind of like at the effect of the environment all the time。

 But as a dude， you can decide every single time how you want to feel。

 which is ultimately the coolest power about being a guy。😊，I can pull this girl okay。

 so as I'm talking to this girl' not very nice， my girl walks through the background， okay。

 my girl walks through the back and I catch her as she's walking past me Oh this is my girl。没有看。

So you can't see what happens right here， but what happens is I take her and I try to make out with her in the alley。

 okay， and actually backfires on me。For many reasons。

 which I'll explain in the video through virtual Mad。

That was a little forward I kind of did that for the shot so see what happened there it didn't work because Wa actually I did kind of want to get the shot Oh really yeah it was't even for the get the girl I want to get the girl actually would slow play and stay with her all night but I did it to get the shot and she can feel that I just wanted it so I wanted to give her something so I didn't work。

Sa that's what we were talking about before for coaching。

 sometimes you coach because you wanted to do the thing for the student or get the shot and it fucks like your game。

 that's what that was right there for you。How say the link。我冇去。

I want to give you my sincerest thank you， thank you I actually know I think she's actually really smart and she's articulate actually。

 and she's really perceptive and she's interested in psychology she's account executive and software。

And I'm gay， I'm totally gay Are you I'm gay as well。

 Yeah I'm actually in my period right now Friday I's got to be a be a or something definitely I think he would win gay Thank you No。

 I'm pretty hes。I would be open to my girlfriend if I had a girlfriend or whatever she wanted to do as long as she's happy long term。

 I don't really care， you know， keep it open minded。I really apologize out so forward there。

 I really apologize。It's okay to make mistakes。I want you guys to realize it's okay to not be perfect。

 When something happens and you make a mistake， just take that feedback， just information。

I don't like sad about it。 I don't get but her。 I don't like， I'm a bad person。

 Now she doesn't like me。 Now she thinks I'm horrible。

 I just take the information that I made a mistake。 and I adjust。

 That's all pick up is the process of learning game is information， adjust information。

 adjust information， adjust information， adjust。 That's all you do。 Take the information， adjust。

 Just feedback。 It's data。 It's data。 You just take the data and adjust。Right， that's all it is。

 So I take that feedback and I adjust。 And I realized that I've done too much。

 I kind of was too aggressive， too physical。 She wasn't ready for that。 And I come back。

 and I apologize right now。 And she appreciates the fact that I can apologize and recognize my mistake。

 That's okay。 A man also should be able to。Apologize。He could apologize with strength。

A lot of guys think that apologizing makes you weak。

Because you're surrendering to somebody else or submitting to somebody else。

 it means that you're not always right。I think that a true man or a guy is able to apologize with strength。

 He doesn't give up his power when he apologize。 He can say， hey， you know， I really fucked up there。

 Let me， I noticed that I didn't really do the right thing。 I'm open to feedback。

 Let me know how we can work on this together。 right， That would be like， for example。

 a good business partnership。 Let me know how you can work on this together。

 We have some disagreements， Some arguments。 Let' see eye on everything。

 but let me know how we can work this out。 I'm open to， you know， hearing your feedback。

And something we we did called crucial conversationsver， which is a book and training for people。

 We did that as a course in RsD。 All the instructors did it。 and crucial conversations。

 when there's an argument， you walk up to the person。

 you say I'm really curious to hear your side of the story。

 Let me know what your experience was You open up to taking feedback。 So when I make a mistake。

 first thing I do is I don't say， well， you did this too or say you fucked up too。

 I get the feedback to other person I sayy I apologize， let me know what I've done。

 I realize it might have been too fast for you。 I have empathy。 That's what empathy is。

 and empathy is also equally important in quality， not just being alpha， but empathy is important。

 because she needs to know if you get home with her in a bedroom。 if she says I'm not ready。

 you can respect that， have empathy。 You can slow back， slow down a little bit， ease back， etc。

 It's a very， very good quality to have。 you can have strength have being empathy。

 you can have strength while being vulnerable， you can have these qualities。 So I'm not saying。

Never be sorry。 Never show vulnerability saying show those things。

 but show them from a strength perspective， right， show them from a good perspective。

 Show them from perspective that。 you're willing to get better and willing to learn from it。

So she sees that。 I go back in。 I tell some jokes about being gay。 Now that she think I'm gay。

 Who here， who here thinks that she thinks I might， she might think that I'm gay。

 Like anybody was there 1% chances。 she thinks I'm gay because I said that I'm gay and I have here。

 You， You're gonna be the devil's activist。 Like she thinks I'm gay， maybe。What% okay， keep in mind。

 I just took her into an alley and tried to like rape。And it keep mind。 I just took her to an alley。

 And I tried to like make out with her and suck on her neck and grab her ass。

 So she knows that I'm not gay。 I'm obviously a guy that makes the move when the opportunity is there。

 She knows I'm a guy that can pull the trigger。 She knows that I'm a guy that can step up。

 I didn't say this in my words， but I showed it in my behaviors， right。

 Girl are always watching your behaviors。 So threes behaviors。

 She knows I'm a guy who not afraid to step up。 I'm a guy who's gonna take action。

 I'm a guy that will eventually take my dick out。 She knows that it's a fact。

 if I'm picking her up and taking her into an alley。 She knows if we get alone。

 I will take my dick out。 But I'm also balancing that out with empathy。😊，That's key。

 I'm balancing out with empathy。 I'm balancing out with saying， hey， I'm sorry。

 I fucked up there as a little too much， right， So that balance is important。

 The balance is important for a healthy male， like a high status。

 high value guy needs that balance of the two。 And I'm demonstrating those characters。

 So as long as you can demonstrate the stuff to a girl。' I say， communicate who you are。

 It's not the words But you communicate in your behaviors。 Girls respond a lot more。

 But I do want to be your friend。It's present I walk to like watch up。

we going go to You can also see here that her friends have left me and her to just walk， right？

 So I've communicate all this to my behaviors in that moment。哈。Oh， okay， finished。Walking somewhere。

 hand to hold。Bro。Pleasurable hand to hold。ItSorry。と。Oh， shit we park in here。Oh my goodness。

 I like yourraba。I said， Iumbba。 I like Yeah， I like the way you did that guy before。 That's what。

 You remember you just do that was on the balcony。 That was pretty cool。 Yeah， I like that。

 Oh my gosh， what She does not even remember。 She does not even remember the guy。 Think about this。

 You're afraid of sometimes doing an approach And the girl remembering you when you reapproach。

 She doesn't remember the guy she knew for five years。😊，Chances are when you do an approach。

 it's like good。 It's like decent。 She's not gonna be upset。 But oh， this guy's approaching me again。

 She probably won't even really remember。It's like inside the club personality。 It's like one girl。

 Then there's like outside the club personality， which is another girl。

 that transition to the two environments Sometimes they don't remember。

 You don't remember we were both staying on that balcony and you dtched the dude that was like like I know him from high school。

 You said like that。 Yeah That was good。 I couldn'timpton Ottawa or。😊。

I was surprised I saw like two Arabs in Ottawa period but like apparently because one of my friends was like family Italian doesn't he need the ticket to pay for par he does but he's already paying for it No but like it's in me don't talk wait how many people are you？

 who's driver Okay， so I cant I can can go with you guys。Okay right。I mean， I'm not even playing。

 so here we has here's a resistance car starts right。 Hey， who's driving the gay guy。

 Can I go with you。 Probably not。 she like me， Yes。

 because we've been this like our relationship has been a story so far。

 like do I want the guy do I not want。 He fought for me。 He went or the other guy。

 he was he made too old move。 he apologize We this beautiful romantic story now。

 And also now it's at the end where I had to be persistent。 typicallyy when I pull when you pull。

 even if a girl likes she'll say no two or three times。

 Shell like resist a little bit two or three times。 Now， there's real resistance。 She's like， no。

 you're not fucking coming。 No， no， stop you can't， no stop， I don't want。 I'm uncomfortable。

 that's real resistance。 Okay， when a girl says that I back off。 But up until now。

 I can tell this an attraction with us， we' be flirting about being together， ce。

 she's kind of into me。 So she's gonna give a little bit logistical resistance。

 I call it like the situation the guy and I'll figure it out。

 you can only get the girl if you saw the logistical resistance。

You have to solve the problems that come up。 A guy that deserves a girl。

 a guy that can solve problems。 Alright， so you got to solve problems。 And also。

 I realized that I haven't even talked to the other people in the group really。

 So before I get in the car， I gotta like talk to them a little bit。 beriend of friends。No， no。

 no no， I meant like for food or something or like get some drinks。 I'm down。 I just I' you。

What do you。Wai in the吧。W's okaybiebie you're so put together she' perfectly proportion perfect I mean if you like a surgeon at they would be like you are like perfection they would straight up say that you know girls feel so good because they each other's emotions so good like they don't have internal coaches like I talked about like you're so beautiful every guy wants you I was girl I totally want you。

 you're so hot you're so smart I wish my budd would be like that Madison you're so hot。

You're so smart。 You're just like， oh my so much going on for you looking， you're so successful。

 Like， I wish Steph would call me in the morning and be like， hey。

 Madison just want to remind you like， these girls don't deserve you， bro， they don't deserve you。

 if I was a girl， I totally bang you。 I want him to like say this to me the morning。

 It' like put us on our call。 our morning scrum call。

 right That's why girls feel so good because the world's always telling them that That's why they have a delusional sense of reality。

 But as a guy， you have to be delusional sense of reality for yourself。 Okay， just like maintain it。

😊，We touch you because like they know I'm this' my。Yeah that's。I forgot this guy's name。

I see this dude name， I didn't get your name， man。I didn't get your name。I didn't ask that's why bad。

Yeah， I mean mean are you guys togle Grson fruit or whatever， I'm down， anything？

Are you guys going to grab some food or drink or anything？I can do that。

Not can to do that chicken wings， something like that。Yeah so I'm just planting ideas。

 Let's get out of here。s go for drinks。 go for food。

 trying to get out of here and eventually mean the girl can hang out right want to get out of where we are。

 And again， also talking to the friends， befri of the friends a little bit。 And I'm also persist。

 but notice I'm not like a threat right guys wonder like。

 can you be persistent without being a threat。 Yeah， you can。 I'm persisting。

 but I'm still being cool about not being a threat about it So that's what you wanted。

 You want to be very， very sure about your idea of going to do something that's cool。

 I know the best bla bla bla in the city。 We should go。's go for drinks。 Come on。

 you guys come somebody so fun。 this。😊，Encourage them to come with you。 But at the same time。

 I'm not like aggressive about it。 Okay， you can be， you can be persistent without being aggressive。

 Girls like that。 In fact， there there's a girl's phone number you have。

 You want to get it around in a date。 It's okay to persist but just don't be aggressive when you do it。

😊，失效。对。Okay let it， hey， we're got to get the car。Right down， maybe。 will be there soon， okay。

Can I roll you guys down the street， Meila？And I roll you guys down the street。Hey Scing。

Nice hat bro。Thank you。S down， you got a bucket there。

 I hope that's something growing up I don't why。boss。在这个。I didn't break my phone， chip， my iPhone 6。

's okay， iPhone 7s are out now， yeah。My little boss moment， I was like。

 I knew I was going to be recording Boston and I was like。

 let me plug the product well it' feel I'm like let me say boss like yeah， boss。

I' so trust fucking wrong。We're going to get my dog and he's desperate I'm desperate I mean why he's so bad Mo is here but just talking him。

Yeah， yeah damn what's moose What is a moose It's an animal aage I me a Schat animal name my Sapchat Phoenix。

Let's call on the dirty like go to add you do Queen look you're guy I really appreciate you by the way。

 I like your energy and I know I know you picked the fun I thought right away sure。🎼。🎼너那 커어。

