# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：44 言语游戏-筛选 【加微信kc58567获取更多此类课程】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Screening， okay， let's talk about screening。Man。Screening is one of those things that changed my life。

 man。Change my life， change my life。Ha。Okay， screening is one of these things that like。

That shit hit me on a spiritual level， yo， hit me on a spiritual level。

 because screenings is one of these things were。If you are a guy that screens and a point of screening is。

 by the way， screening is like just you know having standards for yourself and boundaries and knowing what you will accept and not accept and displaying that to others that's screening okay having a level of accountability and of actions in yourself and another that's screening you hold yourself to some sort of standard and you hold others around you to some sort of similar standard okay that's screening and putting it out there expressing it so screening is amazing because。

With screening， the girl says oh shit， here's a guy that's screening。

 he must have some sort of standard， he must be worth something。

 he must possibly be cool because guys that don't screen have no shit going on for them。

 they have nothing going on for them so there would not be screening in the first place so that's kind of cool that's like a little plus benefit of screening。

What I like is。What I like is what screening does for you internally。

The shit that it does to for you， how it changes your life around。

What screening does for you is amazing。Screening for you just kind of like readjust your whole internal compass。

YouIt's one of these things where if you don't do it。You can't get better。

 it's like one of the things that you use it or you lose it pretty much okay so every time I talk to a girl I am screaming。

😡，Now。I can scream because I know exactly what I'm looking for。

I think a lot of people don't know what they're looking for。All right， how many you guys。

 let's have a little interactive conversation here。

 how many of you guys actually screen in your sets？Okay， happy audience， okay。

 so for the people that did not put up your hands， can I ask you why？Yeah。

Can you say a little louder？快。Oh， okay。You have other game objectives， okay， fair enough， yeah。

I just screamed for looks at generally being a civilized person。

 I guess for looks and her being a civilized。Like a generally civilized person。

 like as long as she's not like a barbarian as long as she's not a barbara， hey man。

 as long as listen bitch。As long as you can chew your food and walk up right and you're not like some sort of saaskquatch。

 we can get along。I'm your dude， as long as she's not a barbarian， okay？Not prega of Throne's error。

 she got be like somewhere around Dragon lady error and says， okay， gotcha。Okay。

 how's that working out for you？badad， okay， fair enough， we'll talk about that， yeah。

If I'm being honest， it's like， yeah， I screened for looks， but then after a certain level it's like。

I don't like you That's very fair。 That's very fair。 He'll scream for looks。

 but after a certain level he doesn't like。 He'll still have sex with there Okay fair enough。

 you guys see the video video with me and all the other guys who are in stage in Miami and own second one of these semi videos ands like do you see what Madison just did Madison is the biggest lie he is the most selfbrawashed person and all of RSD you guys that video like I'm selfbrawashed like I'm delusional brainwashed's like listen if anybody saw a1 we tell herself these excuses like oh no I wouldn touch she's got be smart。

 she's got be you know you would do it you know you would I laughed at it but the whole time no I wouldn't do it I wouldn't do it because I'm actually that delusional like my self hypnosis is so strong that it's my reality I said paint your own fucking canvas merrily meily merr life is but a dream that's what it is。

😊，は。Here's the thing with screening， okay？It has to be real， it has to be legit， can't fake it。

 you actually have to actually do it， you have to screen girls and be okay with losing some girls that you could have just stuck it in。

It's a sacrifice， it's a trade off because you can't have everything。

You can't everything you can have。The ones that， you know， you don't screen， you get some。

Or at some point you make a transition and you get the really。

 really good ones you fucking resonate with， and they fucking love the way that you breathe。

 air out your lungs。's like， oh， the way I I love the way you breathe。Your breathing smells good。

 it sounds good， like they're in love with your ride or die。

 so you can't get that without doing the other， get to make a decision。

You know mean it's like even with your time， you're a young dude， you're here。

 you guys probably have a decision to be here， you sacrificed other things to be here。

 you sacrificed maybe a friends' party。You sacrificed。

I don't know a girl that you maybe had in your hometown。

 you sacrificed some financial fuel units to be here。 you can't have both。

 you got to make a decision So with screening。I've made a decision from the get go and I express it。

 So let me tell you what kind of girl that I like and I'm gonna to show you how I'm crystal clear on this。

 Okay I'm crystal fucking clear。 I ask some room for variance。

 but ideally you all should have this list in your mind like not like write it down once you should know exactly what you want exactly what you want You have complete clarity on what you want Now are you gonna get that every single time F no。

 that's okay， you don't need to get it every single time but。😡，At least you'll get something close。

 there's an expression， old like I think it's a Bruce Lee expression or like an old kung fu Chinese expression it says shootot for the stars。

 at least then you'll still hit the moon。It makes sense if you at least have an idea。

 you'll still at least get close to there okay， like you might even vision board this shit and like cut out pictures and like put it on your wall and like you know。

 I don't know like every night， like whatever you want to do。

 you can decide but be crystal clear on us， here's what I like， okay， here's what I like。All right。

 let's talk about。Sexuality， okay， right off the bat， sexuality， I a girl is going to be annymaniac。

That sounds simple， right？Watch， I need that girls can to be an inmaniac because。

I'm a very stressed out guy I have a lot of things going on on a 32 city world tour when I come home and I want to have sex okay no doubt I have a highly lib beo as well。

 very ambitious， a lot of like ambitious people they have a high sex drive because they're just their brains are in that gear all right so I want to have sex all the time now if I'm dating a girl and I come home to her and I want to have sex and she doesn't she's gonna feel pressured all the time and she's not gonna be happy。

I want to go be anymfo for her， it's not even for me because she's going to hate her life。

That's how deep I am with that shit。mean what else？

I like a girl that's very feminine okay when I say feminine。

 I mean a girl is gonna to allow me to take that traditional male role， not of like pay her bills。

 but more along the lines of leading she's gonna allow me to do my thing she's gonna allow me to be the guy that makes the decision where we're going or just allow me to be do that fixes the dishwasher like do man stuff and so I need her to be feminine I need her to be able to cook I need to be able to like do basic stuff I need her to be able to play that feminine role in her energy the way she carries herself right she knows how to be supportive and she knows how to appreciate me okay because appreciation is supportive or very important like RsD guys we travel we have travel around we have all these cool things we can do and we bring a girl around she doesn't appreciate that shit。

And like it goes unnoticed， she's appreciated amongst some DJ college shit where he's like kissing his baby momma's tummy。

 He's like thank you for supporting me That's all she can do like the chances of me chances of me meeting a girl who has more cool friends。

 goes to more cool places has more money， is more adventurous is more educated。

 more ambitious it's not very possible like let's be honest here at the same mean in a cocky way it's not very possible So what do I have to do I have to look for a woman that could support me and play a supportive role I need to find my Cortta Scott to my Martin Luther King。

So I need that。I need to also need a girl who's going to be able to say。

 I need a woman who's going to be able to say。The sexiest words in English language to me。

 please thank you。And I'm sorry。Please thank him， I'm sorry， sexiest words in English language。

Because as she can say that means that she's confident。Those are very hard words to say。

It takes a lot of confidence to say those words。嗯。Oh。I want a girl who。

Has some sort of ambition in life where she thinks that she can contribute to the world。

 she might make paintings that sell on ebay for $10。

 but she thinks those paintings are fucking changing the world she's a little delusional maybe even she might even do wellness coaching。

 she might do yoga at a local center but whatever she's doing。

 she thinks it makes an impact on the world in society she needs to do something like that doesn't have to be the coolest thing in the world she believes that it does okay。

What else I need to go smart。Not book smart， not bookmar， but street smart。

 I'm going to bring her around a lot of people that I respect。

 a lot of people that I want to introduce her to so she can enhance her life。

 She's got to be able to handle herself in those situations and navigate those situations。U。You know。

 I'm looking for a girl that's cosmetically。Sensible， let's say that。 What does it mean。

 She likes to dress up in high heels every once in a while。 she can dress up， dress down， you know。

 put on a put on a。A cocktail dress， you know if I date a girl who's just like only dress down shest me feel really uncomfortable around me you know' like why do you always want me to dress up all the time whyt she's gonna hate that shit so I'm doing that for her I'm like I'm screaming her out for her and I mean plus I appreciate it plus I appreciate it as well。

Oh， let's see， what are some other your sexuality dressing。嗯。Financially。

 I'd like to degree that has a financial plan， I mean， to be perfectly honest。

 I think mutual funds are shit。But is's going to be any kind of like long term。

Any kind of long term investments or any kind of long term future。

 she has to at least consider a financial plan even she goes to a financial seminar。

 she goes to like one of these like Robert Cos， I don't know what the fuck name is Rich dad。

 whatever， even she goes to some seminar that does nothing for her。

 I don't even care I just want her to be like conscious of that shit right？So notice。

I didn't even say hot yet。But obviously that's one of my things in the back of my mind， right。

 So imagine， imagine me。I walk up route tonight， right， it's me and you side by side， out tonight。

 I walk up some girl， it's excess。There she is the maximumim model check。Okay。

 and I walk up there and start having a conversation about what I appreciate what I'm doing。

 what I'm happy on when to focus on hope， dreamss， da。This is going to come out and my chances。

Go through the roof because I'm not even seeking approval。

I'm screaming to see if we would even get along。If even makes sense for us to be together。

So I'm screening for that。I want to make sure that。I'm where I should be， you know what I'm saying。

 I want to sure I I'm where I should be。 I want to make sure that she's like。

She's got the do that she needs to be with。No other way。And。

I'm happy to do that because that creates razor sharp connections。

 strong connections that you can't even explain。The fact when you even screen。

 it means that you're a guy that has some sort of value to offer to the world。

 you value your time and who you spend that currency。Of time， that financial currency a time with。

And if a girl's not a fit， you wish her the best and you keep moving on。Wish her the best。

 I maybe she's not right for you。哎。It's like， it's like hey。

 this isn't like going to work out between us， I think that you're great， you're amazing， but hey。

 I just want you to be with the right place and。I wish you the best and keep them rock and have a good one cheers。

 that's it。very adamant about that， very， very adamant about that because if you don't screen。

 it fucks up all of your shit long term okay so little promo I was having lately as I was on the road and I figured out this Tinder opener I have this one Tinder opener。

 this is like a five sentence opener and I get the number right away so right now on Tinder。

Right now on1der， I get like 10 numbers a day。 Oh， poor Madison， big fucking problem。

10 numbers a day。 But the problem was I wasn't screening。 I just like， oh number number， number。

 date， date， date。 like it would just be horrible。 It always because the expectations aren't set from the beginning。

 The expectations aren't there。 Imagine you came to the World S summit。 You're like， hey。

 I'm gonna to go this thing called World Smit and then you come here and you find out you're actually just getting charged for lap dances。

😊，系。You be like what what is this summit thing I thought it was the summit no no no it's a summit and lap dance you'd be disappointed because the expectations weren't set from the beginning so you have to set expectations clearly so everybody is satisfied everybody gets what they want when they get it。

 they're more appreciative of it if you screened and then you got home with the girl do you think there'd be any LMR。

No。No， because they would give the evidence that you even a guided screen and she'd appreciate that。

 All right， screen more more or less every once in a while I'm making like。

 I'm making an obnoxious joke， respectfully bold joke， that sexual。

And I'll see her reaction to it she's like she's like offended， could because it's too early for her。

 I don't know， but generally just I'll just do a couple of those and I'll see where her response is and she kind of goes along with a joke。

You know， or even like like all that stuff that I'm telling you about the physical stuff。

 hand on the shoulder， hand on the knee， that's also sexual screening。

If I put her hand here she or just a grossed doubt。

 then obviously she's not comfortable with physical attention with me or at that time period。

 So everything I'm doing is designed to kind of like filter all that shit out at some point I'm gonna to give you guys a line so the next thing I want to do is give you a line to kind of like screen out the girls that are single or not All right This is the line。

😊，The lie to girls similarized this。Are you madly in love with anybody right now？Okay。

 write that shit down， I will explain it to you in a moment。

 are you madly in love with anybody right now？This is the most genius way I found out if finding a girl single with my experience。

 okay？So here's the deal， here's the deal。All right。So there's probably a lot of girls who are like。

 are you singled， do you have a boyfriend， and that's horrible because default automatic answer is。

Yes， even if the girl doesn't have a boyfriend she may say， yes， so you want to avoid that。

Here's the genius of， are you madly in love with anybody right now？Are you？

In love with anybody right now， the girl is going to say， yes。If she has a boyfriend she lives with。

 yes， the answer is yes， the correct social answer is yes。

 and there's a guy that she's kind of seeing and dating for like a month， the answer is yes。

That is the correct answer。 That is the good girl answer to give。

 That is the correct socially acceptable answer that is not the emotional reptilian heat the moment answer。

 okay， repilian brain heat the moment answer， It's the correct answer to give now。In my calculations。

 my mathematical mind， I found out that a hot girl is only actually single。

 like not involved with a guy for 1。5 months。That's it no more no less all right a girl kind of goes through these waves where she's on the tent like she has a relationship。

 it's kind of ending， she doesn't accept that it's ending。

 then it's over there's this part where she kind of starts to date again like this little hump here。

Starts to date then a dip goes oh I'm single， then she meets a guy and she doesn't really believe that she's in love with the guy she's kind of seeing this Katie's cool and then she's like oh。

 I'm in the richship right so that whole hump， that whole dip apparently in my mind is like 1。

5 months okay my calculations。So what happens if you ask a girl just are you single。

 what are you going to get you the girls are in the bottom of that dip？That's it。

 you're not going to get the girls who are just getting out of relationship and you're not going to get the girls who just met a guy two weeks ago。

So are you madly in love with anybody right now， just take a moment to think about it。哼。

Do I even love my current boyfriend？Am I actually with him， do I love him， I mean， I'm with him。

 but do I want to con you with him or vice versa， she might say， this is a kid I just met。

 I've seen him for a week or two， I mean he's cool， I want to see where it goes but。

I don't know if I want to commit tip。 She's forced to make that decision and the answer and you're going to get a very realistic response。

 Are you madly in love with anybody right now， she's going to say。No， I'm not。

 even if she's kind of seeing a guy， she'll say no， I'm not。What I'm trying to find out is this。

 Okay， trying to find out she's emotionally available。Not physically available。

 not like in her mind in a relationship contract， okay I'm trying to find out she's emotionally available。

Emotionally available。If she is emotionally and available， guess what or she's available Oh yeah。

 she's available。 She's emotionally available。 That makes sense。Because not about this situation。

 it about how she feels in it。You gonna have girls that are I'm not advocating anybody to do this。

 but the point is you can to have at relationships that want to get out of them and you meet them and two weeks later they're broken up and you could have been there if you were just there two weeks later you would have dated that person or whatever right so the whole thing is I want to find out is she emotionally available and that's why I asked that question。

 are you madly in love with anybody right now？And she'll say， well， she might say this， well。

 I'm seeing a guy。 I go no， no， no， no， no， I didn't ask that you was a seeing guy。 I said。

 are you madly in love？Well， I just met him a week ago。Cool。It's good to know。

That's the honest answer， I appreciate that honest answer。Okay。

 so at least now you know what you're working with， at least now you know the situation。

 you're not going up trying to like turn on some girl， you don't even know she's available or not。

 you're trying to like spark some attraction bullshit out of the thin air。All right， question， yeah。

Transition， what do you mean？It's like。啊先。はい。Its they good to know？Well， see。

 there really is no transition because if you ask a girl you madly live with anybody right now。

 she pretty much knows why you're asking。There's nothing to hide。

 like my pickups aren't something where the girl doesn't know that I'm picking her up。

There's no transition， it's like from hellello， she knows that I'm talking to her for a reason。

 so there's no transition to make。Like some guys like remember remember back in the day they'd be like。

 what do you do for the approach， it's approach， then hook point， then sexuality。

 it's like it's not that linear， it's like sexuality is there from the beginning。

Inter is there from the beginning， so it's not like now I have the gateway to show interest and then I convert transfer into interest like she knows that I'm interested already。

By this point， I would certainly hope so， or else I've done a bad job of expressing it so far。

So there is no transition， really。Like the fact that even asked the question， she knows。

Unless unlessless she thinks you're a journalist。And you're like doing a report on her。

Other than that， that's another reason why she wouldn't think that you're not interested。

 I was going to say you guys look like the type of girls that Fred brought you home to my mom they were like sew maybe like what white woman what about a black and then they'd realize that we can but then they realize you had keep like like can she dance。

 Cant she make soul food I can make soul fuckinging kind so weird like you literally just want to then know and you're like oh my god fucking like so guys most guys case saying guys would want to fuck you but then they're like oh she she can cook too as well I guess that would be positive？

it's a kind of nice thing to have yeah it would be the worst thing in the world yeah she can be fucking and then she can get mad grill teeth。

I you just type for girl to get a guy glassing water after sex you like honestly I don't have sex in all if I have a bottle or a glass of water ready for it after because guys don't get you that shit so that's really it's you think about in advance like I'm that water right you' fucking them been like I'm so overseas because you fuck really hard and you're like。

I got。 I got you。 that's That's my first's my first screening thing。

 I like I know know that was mom love wheres mom good pizza。 She does She。 at house right now。

 mom Does she have butter。's a mushroom pizza。 I want to now wantshroom name Madison Vaa Vaa Madison mean Andrea Andrea nice to meet you future。

I go you my arm makes me feel like you care Well your skin looks soft like he's black I just skin looks actually you know what girls usually tell me no bullshit still holding I girls're like Eboneen in pretty decent pretty decent Girl has soft skin because I'm not very naturally hairy like you wax chest like I don't No don't do that that's' touch my chest I touch yours I touching yours。

I don't know the horrible thing is， no。Thank you， have good one， cheers。UYeah my second question is。

 would you go down to Rihanna， that's my other thing you go down on actually reverse sorry like。

And probably。Very I like Would you let her go down at you Yeah， Yeah nice to sit it right away。

 10% good， good， I only date girls I Rihanna go down on her on them。

