# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：47 钩子 - 社交挂钩 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。So now you've done all this cool， awesome stuff that I've been explaining to you and it's really you know it's going well and now you're probably in the middle of an interaction with the girl you've been talking to her for maybe 15 minutes or so right so you've gotten to what we call it social hooked point you're socially hooked and all that means is that she prefers that you stay there rather than you leave she's involved in the conversation the conversation was at first it was like a 90% you 10% her thing now it's like a 5050 thing she's like involved in that she's contributing she's telling story she's telling a joke she's asking you questions and you're socially hooked right？

So that's what it is。What you want to do now is start talking about investment。 Okay。

 this is the how to get girls to chase you Park。 And I was like， what does you just say。

 I don't even know what she said when it looked like it was cool。ごい先生。

Like I just say gold all the time。It' started feeling this。

I was telling the hot spring story and I was just an you tell fair to。愛ちゃ。I like。

 my boyfriend was like， oh， let's go to this hot spring in the morning and I was like 10 minutes late and it was like little。

🎼Since Stephen call his chicks in the Hasburg and they were giving him a face。😊，Random chis。

 we're doing that？3 you you。I like turnpart。So Red， we started getting you。

I and it was likeRandom treess gave USA space mask。They like barely smoke。

