# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：34 言语技巧 - 以陈述开场 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Do you guys want to hear my openers？Fuck no， is。Gosh， dareret。We've just been through this。

But I'll give you some openers anyways， for fun， I'll give you some nuts and bolts to get some training wheels to get you going。

 all right。One of my favorite openers， some openers that I have that are my favorites are they're actually may be ridiculous。

 but just the word don't。Don't， don't， don't， don't。Don' don't。So。No， no， no， don't。Yeah spellYeah。

Dorophe NOOT。Now。Down with the Camping Mu tumbo fingers swag。Think your wave， no， no， no。

 this is my house for whatever he says， or I had't know he said。so I are the favorite openers。U。

Are you serious， this is ridiculous right， Are you serious， like really， are you serious？

I smile as you。You kept walking。That's original。That's my opener。 What's opener I have。

 I saw you and I saw you walking for some reason。😊，I heard welcome to the jungle。

Playing in into my background， Yeah， so I had to come and investigate， had to come and investigate。

 see what it's all about。 it's very much of a screening kind of frame。 how to investigate。

 see what it's all about， see what's going on here。Ah another one of my favorite openers is。

I saw you， and I was very curious if you were as cool as you look， so I had to come over。

And investigate， I want to see what's up。 What's going on over here。That's the one of my openers。嗯。

Yes so you can see these all have like they all express an interest， there's a curiosity。

 there's a genuine desire to meet the girl， there's a little bit of teasing。

 a little bit of joking around， you'll notice my openers are kind of all very general they're not meant to like like they're meant to kind of get an opening in the conversation to get started。

 they're not dead end questions， they're mostly statements。Okay， they're mostly statements。

 so one thing I advise you guys to do， okay， write this down， make statements， not questions。

Statements， not questions。Why am I telling you to make statements and not questions。

 what's my logic behind that？Was that。Less investment， yeah， that's true， what else？

Can you see it loud？Can you see a latter？Are you offering value with your answer？Okay。

 this guy in the corner over here in the wrench shirt can hear your answer。He。Shit。

 I was supposed to go that way。 your supersnic bionic hearing。

 should join the Marvel Avengers some shit。 damn， all right。

 so he can hear you so you offered value because he could hear you Okay。

 so if you go up and just ask a question， there's no value in that。 There's no sharing in that。

 There's no display of your personality in your question。

Theres no display of your personality and your question。It's just like， hey， what's your name。

 where are you from， How old are you now you can't fucking get away with it by good tonality。 Ay。

 what's your name。Yeah， I see， and where are you from？That's cool， man， yeah， do what you can。

That's cool。 Yeah， how old you， by the way， just kind of curious。

You can get away with it if your tonality is good， like how I just that if your tonality is good the author of frame。

 but you don't want to be literally like making that your bread and butter。

 you'd be better off making statements。You bear off making statements。Okay。

 another thing I do is I don't give physical compliments。No physical compliments， write that down。

 no physical compliments。Says daddy Oprah。No physical compliments at all， at all， at all， at all。

 at all。Who can tell me why？Tell me why， yeah。是啥呢？What， it's too common， okay， so expand on that。

Who can expand on that。Every's hand went down。 It's too common。 Phy compliments are too common。

 What does that do， bam， the back。Everybody is the same thing。那这改。Okay， every。

 every guy gets a physical compliment。 She hears it all time。 So what's her odd， what's her。

 I should I said it。 I give the answer away。She's going to have an automatic response。That's it。

It's not even your compliment's bad or it's not good or whatever， I I don't even fuck no。

 but there's an automatic response。If you come to me and you're like。Hey， man。 it's a good luck。

 What's my，'s my automatic response。 Thanks， like， it's not like you said anything good or bad my automatic response is。

 thanks。 if you walk out to。😊，If a homeless person walks up to you and they're like， hey。

 you got any change， like you're like， no I help because you're freaked out and I' like you go back like。

 wait a second。Oh， shit have had some change never happened to you like， oh。

 shit actually did have to change。If your telephone rings and you see a number that you don't know。

 you don't know what this number is， what's your automatic response？For not answer。

So it's not that's good or bad，'s that when you give a physical compliment。

 her automatic response of a pretty girl， she's hurt so many times and she had to avoid danger。

 she had to avoid getting emotionally involved with guys that she doesn't know。

 she had to avoid unwanted conversations all the time she doesn't want to have those conversations with strangers imagine the Hog girl walking down the street and everybody's like。

 you're pretty thanks， oh conversation like conversation conversation conversation conversation she would never get to where she's going。

She can't engage in every physical comment， so by default。

Assuming you're talking to girls that are 18。呵哈哈哈。😊，So you're talking to girls that are 18。

They have heard this for like four years， five years， six years。

Her automatic response is going to be， okay， thanks。Even if she would have liked you。

Even if she wanted to meet you。It's like you don't even register on the radar。

 you just get into the automatic programming。So to register as a person as a real human being。

No physical compliments， no questions。The statements。Okay。

 we'll talk a little more about how to do that in a moment。That's my personal style though。

So what kind of compliment could you give。For example， I get the one about walking。

 I saw you walking。 And I was like， who the fuck is this girl。 What's up， Hey。

 nice to meet you And Madison， That's going。 Yeah， interesting。 That's a compliment。

 but it's not a physical compliment。 compliment me。 I saw the way。

 I saw the way all your friends were acting crazy。 And you seem to kind of like be the。

 the sober mother hand in like a sexy way。 I like that。 I had to meet you。 What's up。😊。

 compliment about her behavior。I really like the way you put your outfit together。 You know。

 I can tell you have a lot of style and you take your outfit very seriously。

 You express yourself well cosmetically。 Okay， that's an expression。 It's an artistic thing。

 It's not a physical compliment。😊，You're cute。That sucks。诶。

I hate that that fucking typical take opener。 I saw you all day。 And I was just one， No， was it。

 let me rephrase that。 I saw you and you were walking。 And if I said， if I didn't say hello。

 I would totally regret it。 Hi， my name is take artist。Oh my gosh， I hate that one。

 So what I'm giving you is going to get you way better results。Way way， better results。

 the logic behind it is very， very thought out and it's going to resonate better with the girl。

