# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：40 细致入微的游戏技巧 - 状态指标 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Status feelers， so when I'm going into interaction。

 I know that there's always a point that the girls trying to feel out my status and I'm trying to express my status to her。

Okay。So what is status？嗯。I said this old friend of mine goes， men， its old status。

 You get like this fake business cards and stuff like that。 Like it's old status。

 men if you don't have status It's are they wanted。 So it's status， right， but it's not all status。

 but status is very important。 Now， what is status to me。

 Sta is just the ability to tell the girl that you get it。 You're one of the guys that get。

 you're in the cool kids club。 You're in the cool kids crowd， right so。😊。

There's things that you can do socially and they'll convey status。

 There's that you can do so unscily it will not convey status。

 So what are some things Okay' talk about body language， for example。

 body language is when you're leaning against the bar， are you calm。

 cool collected and leaning back or are you doing something basic like leaning in too much is the weight of your body on the tip of your toes。

 That's the status indicator。Do you take time to pause in between sentences。

 do you feel the need to rush really fast？Or。Do you take your time？

Speak when you want to at your own rhythm。 that's also a status indicator。

 There's a lot of social ones as well。 Okay， these social ones are the ones that you kind of pick up from going out a lot。

you get go out a lot， so for example， if I'm talking to a girl and she happens to be a model。

 I used to work in the fashion industry so I know a lot about photographys industry right so she'll say something along the lines of oh you know I model I'll go oh cool。

And I'll just ramble off a few industry， a few agencies。

Now the fact that I even know the industries or the agencies is a status indicator。 she's like oh。

 this is a guy who has familiarity or if you be somebody who does video production。

 you're talking about camera work， you know you know a couple models of a camera that's a status indicator right It shows that you know a little bit about their world So what I'll do。

Is I'll generally kind of throw out a few status indicators right I'll either ask a girl if she's ever backpack through Europe orll myself I'll say oh yeah。

 I I don't do the whole nine to five thing I'm working right now you know I'm selfemployed。

 I don't like to wake up， I kind of just wake up when I can I work from home Yeah I I just don't get out of bed I'm really lazy right like a joke like that。

What's another status indicator that might have？嗯。Even the ability to ask not try to convey that you're attractive is a status indicator。

Okay， so if you're talking to a girl and you're not necessarily trying to prove to her that you would make a good date or a good companion。

 if you actually disqualify yourself， that is a status indicator。 right。

 So a joke some of the jokes for that are I'm emotionally unavailable right now。 You know。

 I'm on my period tonight。 we can't go home together。

You didn't ask me if I had a girlfriend but you know I'm just no one would like me。

 my mom's the one that likes me， you're intentionally disqualifying yourself and that is also a status indicator and throughout the whole conversation I'm also trying to feel out what she thinks her status is。

 so I'm asking her questions and having conversations I feel out what she thinks that she is。

What's the good status indicator for girl， for girl says to you， I don't wait in line。

 I don't wait in line， why are we la， why are we waiting， like that。

 even about something basic like water right you don't need to be perer or something like that？

How do you counter that？For myself， if a girl was talking about waiting in line。

I would say something along the lines of。Hey just you know just be normal， just be cool。

 don't make a big fuss about it just be cool make a big fuss about it we'll get in when we're supposed to don't worry it'll be fine relax or I'll talk about how maybe I didn't used to waiting in the lines before one joke we have here in Vegas we say the peasant line right the peasant line not that somebody is a peasant for waiting in the line it's like a little joke that indicates that you might have some status as well。

What's something else you can do to indicate some status？嗯。Let's see。

If you have no business or a small business， you can have virtual assistant that's in the indicate status。

 I don't really think you should indicate status based on cars or material possession， my whole self。

 I like a lot of nice things， I like suits obviously like like that。

 but I don't do it as an indicator status， I do it just out of the enjoyment of liking those things just because I find them interesting okay I find that something's very interesting like that。

 how do I say this。Basically I do it for the enjoyment。

 I don't do it because the thing will convey to other people or because I think it'll make me happy。

 I just do it for the small enjoyment， I don't count on the physical thing to make me happy overall so you can indicate status by your career。

 you can indicate higher value by your career you can just by speaking about what you do with passion you can move that it in a certain way so even if you're at fucking McDonald's you're like well like well。

You know its franchise company right now and I'm working really hard and I think that I have some ambitions in front of me and if I focus really hard and settle down and do the best that I can I know there's advancing opportunities right that' status just right that and you're work at McDonald's right so there's a whole bunch of ways to communicate it's more about what you're fing it it's taking anything that you see in the world and communicating in the way that you're happy about it you're pleased about it it's a focus it's a goal for yours it's ambition for you taking it into communicate and flipping it that way at the same time there' girls that are going to communicate a lot of status to you like oh I was on my friend's boat and blah。

 blah， blah， blah now if a girl says she's on a boat do you think she owns a boat。

95% of the people who say that they're on a boat probably don't own the boat and it seems to be those numbers are kind of skewed more towards women not owning the boats for some reason。

 usually it's a guy who gets the boat or the yacht and wants to impress people right he wants to have people on the boat and have a good time The girl says she wants to be to impress people so you know she'll kind like throw boat comments out there she'll maybe throw in a beast a come out there。

 she'll maybe throw a trip out there maybe throw the fact that she doesn't work and you can always count or balance those and like oh well yeah。

 let's go to the bar and get some drinks as long as it's not on daddy's credit card is it on daddy's credit card oh you typical girls girls girls girls always kind of like tease her about the status that she's trying to display there's ways around it there's ways that you like be flinched and scared about a girl who's trying to kind of like subcommunicate that she's better than you because we at the end of the day。

At the end of the day， you decide what is cool。You decide in your version of the world and your reality。

 you decide what's cool。 Now you hit the RZ lot like， oh it's cool， what's cool， blah blah， like oh。

 your reality， What does it actually mean， I think of it is like this。 Your life， Okay。

 This is your life。😊，This is your life here， it's a canvas。Literally， it's literally a canvas。

And in that time， you're allowed to be as delusional as you want。Okay， says。

 who says that Michael Kors watches and Zara pants are cool， who says that， okay， maybe they're not。

So in this cannabis of your life， you can paint it with colors any way you want， you're allowed to。

 you can paint it any single way that you choose to paint it and there's no right or wrong。

 it's just your experience of life now what gives you the fucking right and the audacity to be able to actually paint it any way you want。

 you're going die。😡，That's it， you're going to die， you will die。

 it's a guaranteed fact that 99% of us， 99。9% of us in this room will die okay。

 physically die at some point， so if you know that you're physically going to die。

 you're allowed to paint that canvas any way that you want it。

 you can paint that count however you see fit。It's like that nursery round that I think about。

You know the one row row row your boat gently down the stream。

 merrily merrily merrily merrily life is but a dream Okay that's very deep。

 that's a very fucking deep nursery rh man， it's like you're just doing the work。

 you're doing the work you're working gently down the stream。

 be happy about it because life is going to end it's a dream it's gonna end it's gonna to end at some point so you might as well enjoy this shit So who's to say that a what a girl's doing is higher status。

Who's to say it's not higher status？🎼Right，You can decide what that status is。

 You decide what's important to you。 decide what your values are。

 You decide what it has value to you and your world， your world of existence。 Okay。

 you don't shy even that。 You have no shame when it comes to that stuff。 check this one for I。

 I don't know about this one。 Shes I don't know。t like use her feminine charm on you。 I don't know。

 She's trying to sneak to my club many times。 I'm onto you。 I'm onto you smarty pants。Yeah， yeah。

 not going like get the fuck out of my corner leave。Goods that。You got our was security。

I thought I was just in your way I'm you were my way。

Okay kid of big and black like these definitely skirt。 I saw you guys dancing。

 I wanted to join the black group。 I'm like。Girls in black， I'm in black。あ、ちいね。

Thank you literally my fear story。I got you， I got you what you know what， nice to meet you， Madison。

I have one competitive advantage besides a black outfit。早ばい。like。

That guy has been trying to bang me all night。誰れがい。Seriously。Seriously， I mean。

 like I just want to have a girls right now， what the fuck。Look time when I go out。

 I wear a fake wedding ring just so the guys don't hit on there。Saame。Saame， oh my gosh。

Which finger is that？I。How the wedding ring。It looks right for verda when you do that。

 please don't do that here。I们咱们。Yeah， I was telling your friend， I'm like， you know what。

 I like the old black outfit thing we got going on。4喂。はい。I like you guys。見ち。Thank you， thank you。

 I do what I can。