# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：19 任务，英雄接受测试 — 侧行线 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A what up， what what's good， what is really good， what's really， really good， how are you doing。

 Thank you for coming back， thank you for being here I' here for you。

 We to mission number two All right Miss number two here we go So last week's mission the meditating on the dance floor very basic very much of a foundation and today we're going continue on with that foundation even more okay we're going take that lesson that we had the awareness and from the dance floor stimulation all around us and we're gonna enhance it。

 we're going turn up just the notch just the notch just a little bit。

 Now what have you do this weekend or even this week or day or weekend for you。

Is going to be interesting。It's actually probably one of my least favorite things to do in reality。

I hate doing it I absolutely hate doing it The reason I hate doing it is because I just don't enjoy this kind of contact with people at all at all it's one of my pet peeves and because it's my pet peeve。

 it irritates me it frustrates me and I get pissed off when it happens I think it's gonna be amazing I'm gonna do that for you I'm going tell you all about it and you're gonna experience that as well so the pet peeve I have is this I hate what I'm out on the downtown somewhere and I'm just walking my own business just going through a store like I'm in a rush and I seem to always get bumped。

somebodybody just bumps into me， I'm like walking my lane， I'm doing my thing。

 I'm trying to get somewhere and they walk into me and they kind of just they don't walk around me。

 they have no sensory awareness like they don't you have a fuck to be honest where I'm going。

 they don't care where I'm going they're just like they're so entrappeding their own little world of where they got to go in their problems。

 they don't have the decency to look at somebody else who's coming the direction and I absolutely hate that。

So your mission is to walk in a straight line。That's it， sounds pretty simple， right？

You pick a block， the busiest block down town that you can find， maybe a block that's like a minute。

 you know a minute minute and a half to walk down and you just literally find a spot on the cement。

 most cements will have like those blocks and you should be able to find a line on the block， okay？

You find a line on the block that goes all the way down to the end of the block and it should be in the middle of the sidewalk。

 not too far to the left， like on the curb， not too far to the right so you're close to the buildings。

 you want to avoid trees obviously but straight down the middle of this sidewalk。And your mission。

I is just walk straight。Several times。The first time you're going to do this。

 you're just going to walk in a straight line。As you do this it's almost like a walking meditation okay。

 you walk at your own rhythm， you don't walk fast， so if everybody's like speeding， speeding fast。

 you don't walk fast， you walk at your own rhythm， your own speed， okay your own rhythm。

 your own speed and you don't change， no matter what no matter who walks into you。

 no matter who cuts you off， no matter whos running into you you just keep going at this speed at your own rhythm。

 either' like this。Your own speed your rhythm， even if they're going like this your own speed。

 your own rhythm and that's super clutch is super key Now what you're going to have notice is that it's kind of uncomfortable to keep your rhythm while there's other people around you。

 you're going to feel like you want to fit into what they're doing you're going to feel like you want to adjust you're going to feel like you want to kind of compensate don't because the majority of them won't。

I expect you to knock into people， that's what I expect， I expect people hit your shoulder。

 I expect if you have a back you are going to knock it in from your head。

It's going to teach you a very valuable lesson。Can teach you about yourself。First of all。

 that lesson is going to be hey。People don't care that much about me。

And number two it's going to teach you that people care so much about themselves that they're trapped in themselves you know so everybody's so concerned about the way that they're perceived。

 they're not even worried about the way that you think you're perceived。

 they're so concerned about how they look and what they're doing and what they're going about during their day so it's interesting that's a concept in game where you think that everybody's so concerned about your open but really they don't do a fuck at all so it helps you to relax and let over that Now that's the first time I'm going to walk in the street。

Another time you walk down the street。You're going to do it just looking at your feet okay you're going to keep walking on the street。

 same pace， same rhythm， but I want you to look down at the ground at only your feet and notice that there is a difference okay notice that there's a difference。

 notice what happens when you do it at this time。I used to read books sometimes I don't know so whenever I read a book。

 nobody would bump into me they all were suddenly aware of their environment and they'd avoid me whenever I tried to just walk somewhere normal people would always bump into me it's really strange how that works right。

I want you to do that。Okay。Notice the difference of when you're aware of the people and notice the difference when you're walking down the street and you're not aware of other people。

 you're just looking directly at your feet。And I want you to post the results， okay。

 post the results， write the results， share them in the nation。

 show them in the boss group on the app， share them in the boss Facebook group。

But also I want you to be aware of how you felt when you did it， that's something to learn。

's not just about what was the result， what was the physical thing that happened in the space around you。

 but also what did you experience， what did you go through， what were you thinking。

 what were you feeling， what did you see happen to you。When that was going on， okay。

 be still for a moment。Think about it， listen， look， feel， and then post that right。

 so that's your issue for this week。And I'll see you soon。

