# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：30 技术力学 - 意图和疲劳 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。The next thing， intense and fatigue。Intense and fatigue so Owen and I talked about this a lot for the last year。

 I think things's really been put out in public， I mean Jeffie mentioned it a little bit yesterday。

 but I want to talk about it in detail， Okay， intense and fatigue it' is something we talk about in hot seat a lot Who here has been to the hot sea transformational experience。

Okay， like 20% of the room all right， cool， so I'll explain what it means， all right。

So any time in your mind you have an intent， you have an intent to do something。

 you have an intent to go talk to the girl， you have an intent to express yourself。

 that is an intent we all have intent right now you have an intent to sit here and listen。

 you have an intent take notes you have intent to grab some food later。

 I have an intent as a speaker to share with you and teach you this is my intent okay that's my intent。

Is that the only intent we have？No， you have other intents。You might have an incentive。

 go to the bathroom。And it's fucking with your intent to learn。

 I might have an intent to do a really good speech。

 but also make sure I don't fuck up the speech so I have an intent to look maybe not embarrass myself in some way there's several intents you have going on at the same time when you talk to a girl。

 you have an intent to talk to her， you have intent to not fucking talk to her。

 intent to talk to her and run away。😡，Your brain is always fighting those two intents， okay。

 whatever is the strongest intent will always win in your mind， you want to have a chief intent。

 a primary intent， a focused intent， you want to block out every single other intent you have in your brain or else your approach looks like this。

Hey， what's up？It's off。As a public speaker， if I want to share to you。

 my intent is to not be embarrassed， it's going to sound like this。Hey， hey guys， welcome to。

Vus summit， I appreciate you guys being here， that was I'm sorry， that was stupid。

 but I messed that up。Are you guys judging me， oh， see， you guys are probably judging me right now。

 okay？I'm just myself I'm actually getting my head for real okay that that's if my intents fucked up。

 I can't do it now if my intent is just to share with you guys I like hey， what's up guys。

 welcome to RSD World Sum in Vegas Thank you for being here we have a fucking good time we rock tonight all right so do you hear the vision of my voice？

😡，When I block out those negative intents， I just cut them off which the side not to have them I to push them to the side meditation helps with that a lot。

 by the way， meditation helps you to block out noise or just not judge the noise in your head so if you don't meditate I recommend you do definitely download an app called headspace the best meditation app ever used okay。

I think I have like half of RSD on headspace now I should get an affiliate length for that shit then damn after this goes lot。

 headet is going blow up， shit， go to boss。sdmadison。

com and click on at headspace link not I mean all right， so you have intent。Next thing is。

 even though you have those intents， you also have some fatigue going on in your mind。

 So the three fatigues are。Judgment fatigue， persona fatigue and decision making fatigue is's actually more than is's actually a fourth which I call identity fatigue and I'll get into that in a bit so judgment fatigue is you're wondering if people are gonna judge you here I am doing an approach Are you actually judging yourself am I going be good enough are I going fit in am I cool enough is this the right word does my hair look good I wearing my right clothes Does my gel look good but I have the right thing my voice now any good am my smell like the odorant has she be approach a day like judge judge judge judge judge。

Stepping on your brain or you're stepping on your brain and crushing your intents。

The next one that's going to kill your intent is going to be。Persona fatigue。

 that's where you're worried about what other people think of you。Is she out of my league？

I've never had a girl like that before。Most guys can't walk up to ac girl and keep their cool because they're doing judgment or persona fatigue in their minds to themselves。

 it wears them down， okay， wears them down。You can't keep your cool if you're just judging yourself all the time。

 A lot of times on boot camp too。 I'll send a guy。 I'll send him to do the approach。

 He like comes back I' how was that like， well， you know， I guess it was like， no with the fucker。

 It was 100 out of 10， who the fuck would have the ball to do that，10 out of 10。 You did it。

 Nobody does that sober。 You did it。 Well， I guess no I slap him back that。 get pissed off。

 Not really。s。He's judging himself。 He's in a pattern of judging himself。

 You want to get out of this pattern of judging yourself。 Okay。

 and the last one is decision making fatigue is where you see the girl and you want to approach her。

 But you're like， I don't know。 should hey。What does that do to your intent？Shout it out， guys。

 what does that do with your 1？Kills it。 Yeah， it's because your attentions like。At the end。在嗯嗯嗯。

You can't have a strong intent after that， your tent's all fucked up， it's all spineless。

So pussy foot in around。 can't have a good intent after that。

All right last one is identity fatigues where you're like the story of me。

 the story of me up until this time in my point in life， I've had this story。 I'm not that person。

 I don't do that I'm not that person perfectly honest game is actually really fucking simple。

 It's pretty basic you guys I can teach you will learn everything in game today I will teach you everything in game today and what will happen is you won'll be able to let go of it because you're holding on to your old identity。

 You're essentially like Neil in the matrix You' like like you're plugged into the matrix。

 you don't want to let go Jeffy has a great analogy he says game is like us as instructors。

We're with students and we were trying to get to fly around with us。Like fly around。Like you can fly。

 it's okay just let go， be free， be free like us， fly and the students's like holding onto to the cliff like no no。

 I don't have to fall， I'm want to die， let go like no no， let go it's okay。

 come fly with us it's safe like no no and then we're like step on their fingers let go and they're like finally holding on the one finger then they let go like。

Oh。Wait， I guess fly。 Oh yeah。 What the fuck was I afraid of this whole time， I'm fucking。

Thinkinker Bellll and shit， right？Tker Bellll shit Tker Bellll is this bitch RSC Tker Bellll， okay。

 so that's what happens。You eventually learn to let go of your identity。

 Your identity is the only thing that's holding you back。 How hard does the walk girl say hello。

Here's a two。Hey， what's up， how's it going， how relaxed with that？Here's a nine。Yeah， hey。

 what's up housing going， Yeah yeah， yeah。Here''s。Sophia Figuea。我啦。How's it going， right。

 But then you have this identity of your story like， I can't do that with Beck。

 and always whatses to go on your mind and kill your intent。

 So your channels of communication are not clear。 That's what happens。 You want to get rid of these。

Fucking block them out for now， but do things like meditation to eat green。 you know。

 go to out as much high food as corn soup as you can， eat some free range or organic shit。

 That'll help clear up。 I think diet does about 15% of actually clearing up your。

About 15% of actually clearing up your fatigues， to be perfectly honest and sleep。

 good sleep in the dark room。Maybe earplugs， eye masks， all that shit， all right。

 stop judging yourself okay？Stop worrying about what people will think of you。🎼Girl' boyfriend。

 They don't care。 I jump tight for you。 It doesn't care。 I get you a hands off in the glove。

 but they don't care。Nobody there。They're only worried about themselves。

 they're only concerned about themselves because because again， how do they look？They want to be you。

 they want to be the person that if you concerned about what they look like。

 they want to be the person that isn't concern about anything and concerned about what people think of them they want to be free The fact that we're doing this and I'm helping you。

🎼It meansan we're more free to them。 We're actually jealous。 Who'st like， oh girl， who like， wow。

 who are these guys。 that's why I say we run to a girl has a boyfriend also。

 Walk to you and say we're here， girl girl like God， you can go win。 is nothing's gonna to happen。

🎼happen at all。🎼Because。It just shows that you don't care you're the most great。

 As long as I call it， you're cool， how does to get a girl like this， It's really hot。

 How did I get a girl like this。🎼I's like like compliment to the guy。

 They set people there hard or not hard。 guys are always like， oh， take that sense close the table。

 No you just go over to the table。 yaang， how hard did they do this。

That's how you open a refrigerator door， that's it。It all in our mind， we make it hard。

 How hard does it say hi to a girl the boy Step out， hello， how hard does it do a movie set。

 Not very hard watch that。Oh my goodness here look a boyfriend， Oh my god。

 nobody cares And you're like， well， hey， baby that and you。🎼imped a growth face。 And yes。

 the guy will get the momentum for that a throw as long as they're having fun and smiling and loud and their girls having fun and smiling loudly。

Nobody care。Does yourself less， talk good than yourself。欲しる。look look at this look look。🎼Are we。Oh。

 they don't care， they don't care。增教。🎼ラメットか食べました。Wow， he really doesn't care， sorry， bro。

 he doesn't seem care very much。Nobody cares。Let go of it， let go man。

 let go right now you're hanging onto his clip you're like， oh， I got to hang on， I got to hang on。

We let go you float。Let all the gl you float， you don't sink in the bottom of the ocean。

 you actually just float。🎼There's there's nothing to hold on there。🎼Let go hotey。

 Like people are not against you。 They're actually for you。

 They that competitive versus collaborative。 It's just like that。

 When you go up to a girl and're like a guy and a girl and you're like， hey， he feels hot。

 what do I get one of these It means to be against you。

 It was actually to collaborate with you because you're bringing like appreciation to girl that he chose and the girl they putting and you're thinking have a huge school when you see like。

😊，🎼When you see like what was it when another that I threw is really his car was I don't remember they want to show this hard of mixed again。

 I'm like go the mix that And it's like all that things is like tap out hey I can you because people are in a mixed debt。

 believe it or not， they go out to be social。🎼I think about it。

 but they wanted to knock your social show。 They would stay home alone。

Like I'm gonna go out in the group。 I want to be with people。

 I want to be social So many people over be social they're like， oh yeah， that's what I'm doing here。

🎼That's what they're near for， they to go。So it's all in our mind， we build up things like。

Sorry about death。So。In reality of you it is， everybody's in a collaborate， the club is your friend。

 everybody you hear granted because they prove are otherwise。ま。🎼个为什。W。

They''re going assuming the story that they live。That's the positive part。

I' really going to collaborate。🎼Every。🎼That's what you want to assume。

 So I'm happy that lesson like something into your minds here。🎼That's a very good lesson to work。

 That lesson took me like。Three years。And when I learned it。The results are off。

I was like w I oft think goal like twice the girls。在啊。I was like white for no one is like。所以。

Coborate with them。He told me to just like。🎼よ人。Like what are you feeling right now， like yeah。

 I got to feeling anymore。go ahead and tell that girl you're anxious。看了。

🎼He gave me a hug that the loves。 Oh， those are the。 Yeah， believe it or not。

 people aren't against you。 That's how they start wars， right， They're like these like， you know。

 the Mexican are again through hell about this if Cubas are against you。 Cubas like。

 they're not like against trying survive。 The Americans are against through。

 I don't know history of every single war， I'm not like war by enemies anyway at all。

 I don't know any。😊，Before that's how they Star Wars and everybody's against， other。

 when you realize they have aren't against other，'re just all trying to do the best they can。

 I'm saying they're all trying to do a good thing。 all trying to do the best they can。 So col。

 Collaborate， not compete。 Collaborate。As your not your foot against their front。

 it your fund plus their fund equals like double to one square， you know what I mean？🎼，感ち。🎼怎呀。谢谢。🎼的靠。

