# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：66 奖金 — 如何阻止约会破坏宣言 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Welcome to the first video of the boss masterclass。 Okay。

 this is a special video that you're getting for getting on the VIP interest list for boss。 Okay。

 it's a special bonus。 Now I want to deliver to you in this video。 some hardcore fucking content。

 The real shit。 The dope shit。 The stuff that's like。

 I had to make it over 10 years of my experience in game pickup up selfdevelopment。

 and it's high potent。 I'm gonna give you the best stuff that I have in my life in the program of boss。

 This is just a little taste of what to expect。 Now， this video is all about flaking。

 how to completely eliminate flakes。 I mean， you can never completely eliminate something。

 but I get maybe 95% of my dates actually show up。 I get flaked on maybe every five out of 100 dates。

 very， very rarely do I get flake。 And it's not by a mistake。 It's by pure process and systems。

 I know exactly what I'm doing。 And I have a reason for everything that I'm doing。 Allright。

 you might have heard about me Rrcation。 I used to have some posts before where。😊。

I would have 13 girls come directly over to my house in two months I had these things where I'd say I would learn how to increase my dates by 300% right so this is the real shit。

 this is the real hardcore techniques right here okay the stuff I'm going to describe to you has never been described before so put on your thinking caps get your pens and papers take lots of notes and get ready so here we go flaking。

Now， my thoughts on flaking are this。Whenever you ask a girl on a date。

 there's only two possible outcomes， right， any question， there's either two outcomes。

 is a yes or no， that's it。 Those are the only two possible outcomes for a question， Yes or no。

 So automatically， you know， there is a 50，50% chance of hurt either saying yes date are no to the date。

 now， let me ask you a question， Okay， by the odds by the odds of mathematics， right。

 or I the fuck' call， But by the odds， If you know that there's only a 50，50% chance。

 why do you not have a contingency plan in place for when something goes wrong。

Think about that for a second。 Really think about that。

 Why do you not have a contingency plan in place if you know there's a 50% chance that she is gonna say no。

 Okay， in marketing， I used to be a marketer I used to be a marketing and commerce and something like that as a career as a profession。

 And in marketing， what they say is that there's a control when a marketing campaign starts off。

 they put a control in place and the control， make sure that the marketing campaign goes as planned。

 So if you know there's a 50% chance that whatever she says is gonna be a no。

 your date is not going go as planned， why do you not have a backup plan。 Okay。

 now I'm putting that question in your head， I'm gonna to answer it for you。 Okay。

 I'm not gonna gonna to leave you hanging there。 So the way I view dates is this。

I ask for a date at the right time。 That's key。 That's clutch right there。

 Always ask for it at the right time。 My theory is emotional bandwidth。 Okay， emotional bandwidth。

 Now， imagine the highway， there's a one lane highway that can't get a lot of traffic through。

 maybe like one cars， a lot of gridlock traffic jams。

 Then you might have a two lane highway where cars flow a little better three lane highway。

 which is like a regular， you know street where the cars can go 5 50 km an hour。

 I don't know what that is miles。 and then ultimately at that four lane highway where a traffic just is flowing great。

 All right， all throughout the day。 So what you want to do is you want to time your date asking for the dates。

 when the bandwidth is high。 There's two types of ask for a date。 There's only two。

 There's a soft ask， and there's a hard ask。 not saying ask， I'm saying ask。

 a soft ask and a hard ask， a soft ask for a date。😊。

when you kind of like hint at the idea of doing something。 hey。

 let's hint the idea of going out and doing something fun together。 Let's hint at the idea of me you。

 you know， know you find she's in the fitness hey we should work out sometime。 Oh， hey。

 we should you know， you're into smoothies。 I know a great smoothie place or hey。

 I know you're studying for this thing。 I study for as well。 I might know a little bit about it。

 That's a soft ask。 So you bring up the idea of the date。 before you actually go for the date。 Now。

 a hard ask when you say， hey， I want to go out on a date with you or I want to meet you or want to hang out with you。

 That's a hard ask。 So a lot of guys have this situation where the girl's emotional bandwidth isn't that receptive。

 She's not that open yet。 She's still not completely comfortable。

 She's not sure she wants to go out with you and you're going for a hard ask。

 So by default when you do that。 she's gonna say， I'm not sure。 maybe not I don't know。

 like our flake or not even get back to you。 What you want to do if you have a low emotional bandwidth。

😊，You want to tease her bait her challenger tell some jokes so she gets more receptive。

 but if you have a low emotional bandwidth， what you want to do is go for a soft ask。

I know it sounds so basic， but it will change your game。

 Go for a soft ask if you have a low emotional bandwidth。 If you have a higher emotional bandwidth。

 which looks like you text her， you text you right back。 you text her three messages。

 She text you three messages back。 the length of the messages。 I mean and sentences。 You call her。

 she misses the call。 She calls you back。 that's a high emotional bandwidth。 So if you have that。

 then you want to go for the hard ask and just say hey， listen。

 you know I'm busy Wednesday and Friday， but I'm free on Thursday。

 I'd love to fucking get together you for a drink。 I know the best drink place in the city You're gonna love it。

 So very key， very clutch time of your emotional bandwidth。

 and also timing of how re she is for this hard ask versus the soft ask。

 One stick point I see a lot is guys go for the noncommitive date。 All right。

 So that's one of the girls's like， oh， I'll let you know， or we'll see what happens。

 or I'll let you what my schedule is I'm working a lot， but I might be busy or I have exams。

 And she gives you kind of this like soft like air。Soft in the clouds kind of day。 you know。

 like maybe she'll do it。 Maybe she won't you really don't know。 I never， ever。

 ever go for the noncommtive day。 If I'm gonna make my time。

 like take time out of my life to meet a girl， possibly hang out with her， possibly pay for drinks。

 food， transportation， get ready， blow off some other the stuff， I want to have a committed date。

 Okay， if I don't get a committed date。 the chances of her flaking or even higher。 right。

 so we know this， we know like for a fact， for a fact， you know that girls tend to generally flake。

 They're flaky by nature。 Okay， more emotional creatures。

 they do what they feel feels good in the moment。 So they naturally flake。

 So let me ask you question。 If you get a girl who's already flaking before you get around the day or she commit to a date。

 how's that success gonna look like。😊，Lets me crap。 let me crap because she's already not committed。

 There's where're gonna go from if she commits to a date and you're at 100。

 you can at least go down to 75 or 50。 If she's not committing she's at 20 or 10。

 you're going to like negative 5。 You know what I mean， like it's a bad position。

 You're playing you're starting your hand screwed from the beginning， right。I never， ever， ever。

 ever want to go on a date who's non committed or go on a date with the girl's non committedive。

 If she says to me， I'll let you know， right， My automatic response is gonna be sorry， comma。

 that doesn't work for me。 Sorry， that doesn't work for me because。

Well I've explained the reasons why now， the reason why I do this is because also it's gonna let her know that you're not fucking around。

 you're not playing games。 You're very serious about what you're saying。

 you're about what you're doing。 And she's gonna recognize expression of real recognize real。

 Most often， she'll recognize that you're not a guy iss gonna fuck around and she's gonna automatically become available。

 you'd be surprised my friend， you'd be surprised how available a girl can become when you show you have value when you show you're a guy that has status when show you're a guy that respect yourself。

 she becomes so much more available all of a sudden her schedule will just clears the fuck up clears the fuck up。

 It's like know if Leonard de Caprio or some guy was having like a party on a boat and if Leon Ca is having coffee coffee job down the street and she had exams。

 you better believe she would like skip out on the night of study and Leonard de Caprio。

 why because he has status and value and respect himself。

 So by imitating that status that value and selfrespect hopefully getting it for real。

When it comes out by imitating it， you can then have her have those same reactions where she'll drop what she's doing。

 you say， sorry it doesn't work for me。 and that she can push a little bit more。 you say never mind。

 just drop it。 I don't go for a date unless it's committed。 Here's a major paradigm shift for you。

 I want you to completely change the way you think of a date。 first of all。

 if a good buddy of mine I' mention his name， very successful guy millionaire owns a business。

 We say the first date， we consider it a phantom date。 Like it's not even gonna happen。

 We just assume it's not gonna happen。 You know the girls usually flake。

 So the first date is considered a phantom date。 on my first date。

 usually I'll plan a girl from the week before who may have previously tried to be available。

 something didn't work out and I'll plan her。 So I'll double book my dates。

 But for the first time of the girl， I assume it's gonna to be a Phantom date。

 So I've already have backup plans cool shit going on。 I might go to a movie etc。

 I have my life together。 I'm doing interesting things so she doesn't show up。 I'm okay with that。

 Now， the major paradigm shift is this。😊，Think about this。The girl often flakes。

So she wants to see how you roll with the punches。 That's all she wants to see。

 how you roll the punches。 She can tell more about you by how you respond to the actual flake。

Then she can tell in three weeks of dating you， right， Imagine a guy who's like。

 appears to have his life together。 He appears to be cool。 He appears to be self self in control。

 you know， centered and all that stuff。 And then all of a sudden， she flakes。

 He's like what the fuck。 but you wasting my time。 you should respect me。

 I don't have time for this shit。 You know， I'm you， you better make it up to me。 He gets bitter。

 He gets angry。 He gets upset。 right， that's a man boy behavior。 It's not a full man behavior。

 It's a man boy behavior。 When she sees that。 she's like， wow。

 This guy is not as cool as he pretended to be。 It's not as common collected as he pretend to be。

 I don't have anything to do with him。 That's why when a girl flakes， you can never get upset。

 can never get pissed off because she's actually looking at how he respond to the flake。

 Think about this。In game， we learned that voice tonality， body language， statements of intent。

 cocky funny， all this stuff is a DHV， a display of higher value， makes me seem cool。

Here's the thought。The way you handle a flake is a DHV。The way you handle a flake is a DHV。

 I'll say it again。 The way you handle a flake is a display of higher value。

 The way that you handle that flake says more about you than your words could ever say when she sees the way you handle it and you handle it like a boss or like a pro。

 she's like， wow， this is a guy I gotta get to know Any guy who can handle me and handle a situation like this。

He is the real deal。 So what I'm going to go into right now is five ways to handle flakes and turn them into DhVs or five way to handle flakes and make them seem make you seem cooler。

 I call it like flake insurance right So once you have this insurance， you never get sick。

 you never get blown out， you never get screwed over you always have an action plan for that contingency plan5% when things go bad or don't go your way。

 always have a plan and you take those flakes and you flip them。 you make lemon out of lemonade。

 you make gold from shit。 that's what you do with these these flake insurance。

 These five ways to do it。 So I'm gonna get into it。 I're gonna go through the list here。

 and take notes again， remember these and apply them in your life。

 So the five types of flake are this。 number one， the time limit flake。 number two。

 the distance flake。 number three， no investment flake。 number four。

 the no response flake and number， the。😊，Other time flake， All right。

 let's go through these in a little bit detail。 Now number one， that time limit flake。

 This is when a girl says to you。 I want I'll meet up with you。 but you know。

 I only have I only have until9 So what is that automatically doing automatically putting into a situation where you can't actually escalate。

 you can't pull， you can't have an opportunity get to know your personality。

 when I have a time limit flake and the girls hot， very often I will decline the all。

 I will refuse the day now there's exceptions for this if it's a coffee date in the middle of the day like around lunchtime and she has to go back to work that's reasonable I'll go on 30 minute coffee day very often if it's like 9 o'clock on a Thursday and she only has half an hour。

 I'm not going to do it why because she has better things in her mind than she's gonna go to do she's automatically already from the beginning for the jump。

 assuming that you're not gonna be good enough you're going into a situation where the car just stacked against you and the pressure is on you to perform and you can't perform up to expectations。

😊，He's a pretty girl she has many， many guys that are according her right so I know automatically don't want to be in a situation where I'm playing against the house okay it's gambling。

 playing against the house so I'm going to decline that date altogether I'm gonna try to get a more committed date which I've explained to you guys how to do that already。

Number two， the distance flake， okay， the distance flake is where it's like， well。

 it's really far do， don't no， and you come to me， et cetera。Every single one of my dates。

 at the very least， I want to have the girl meet me halfway。 This is key。 This is key。 clutch。

 clutch。 So key。 Alright， you gotta have the girl meet you halfway。 If not at your place。 why， why。

 why The reason is because a girl's not gonna usually invest money into the day。

 She's not gonna invest any finances as the guy， you're the one who's expected to pay for the day。

 Now， if she meets halfway， she's at least investing her time。And her effort。That's all I care about。

 If a girl invests her time and her effort into meeting you getting prepared to see you coming to see you。

 then she's gonna be more receptive。 everybody wants to pay out on their investment everybody makes a deposit in a bank savings or a mutual fund or the index 500 or whatever it is because you want to pay out on your investment So if the girl puts the effort and a time into coming and seeing you。

 she's gonna be more receptive and gonna have more quality dates。

 You're gonna put her on the defensive rather than her being on the offensive okay So at the very。

 very minimum， I want the girl to meet me halfway。 if I end up in a situation where the girls like you know I can't leave far from home because whatever know whatever reason it is and I have to go。

 I want to at least try to get her to contribute to the drinks for the date because if you go and you're paying for the drinks。

 you're paying for the date， you're going all the way there， you're screwed。

 I've seen a time and time again。 Some of my buddies are really fucking good looking， really awesome。

 confident Jack guys smart。fulGet screwed over on this because they overin the distance is almost like a way of flaking。

 so you have to find that middle background and find that compromise if you want to have more successful dates。

Now， number3， number three is the no investment flake。 as I mentioned this before。

 it's when you're talking to a girl and she doesn't really want to invest into the date。

 She's either not returning text right away。 She's either you know。

 not not not texting back the same amount。 you call her。 She doesn't call you back。

 You want to go on a date with a girl who's investing into the idea of the date right， very often。

 sometimes we go on a date。 very old school line from Jeff。 He would say。

 be sure to wear something cute when we so we match。😊，The day of the day。Some guys， some girls like。

 why are I gonna do that。 Why am I gonna try to invest in it in wearing something good b。

 that' ridiculous。 No， it's about the idea of investing into the experience。

 You want a girl who's gonna invest into the experience。

 If I'm gonna go find a bar if I'm gonna go to her house or an area。

 I want her to find a bar's close to her area。 I want her to invest in the idea of dressing up invest the idea of we're gonna be something awesome the experience together。

 If she's not mentally or emotionally investing into the idea of the date。

 I know it's gonna be uphill battle。 It's gonna be courtship。

 Courtship is the worst frame of a day at all ever， ever。

 because courtship means you're courting somebody for their attention。

 You're literally paying the girl for her attention。

 And if she believes that you have to pay for her attention to be considered your fuck your screwed。

 So I need to have her mentally invest into the idea of the date and emotionally also invest into the idea of that day now。

We're at number 4。 Numb4 is no response。 flake。 All right， big one， big one。

 This is when the girl or when you text the girl and you're like， hey， Sarah， we still on。Day of day。

 Hey， hey， good morning。 How's it going。2。Radio silence， that's what they call it， right。

 that steady tone she doesn't answer。When there is no response， you have to be very。

 very careful not to keep digging a hole for yourself。

 You to be very careful to keep sending messages。 Jeffy used to have this thing where he says you should text the girl about every8 hours。

 If she doesn't respond to the first one。 I'll text her a second one。 at the most。

 I'm gonna send her like the busy question mark。 No worries， busy over here as well。 comma。

 I won't hold my breath waiting。 like winky face。 Okay So that implies that you're both busy。

 you get it。 She has to at least respond to that。 If she doesn't respond the very next day。

 I might text her like a Jim Cary， you can go online， look at this。 It says Jim Carrry。

 no text back alreadyy。 Then there's like a little image。 you can put there。

 I'll put that on the videos。 You guys can see it。 you send that as a little image。 and said， Joe。

 You never want to be but heard about it。 But the fact is that she doesn't respond。

 You don't want to keep offering her a date。I'll explain the next time she's gonna get back to you。

 She's gonna say， oh， I'm so sorry， Jim， I'm so sorry。 you know。

 something happened at school or at work。 And I just got so sidetrack。 I apologize。

 And that's when you say this。😔，Sure， no problem。 You can make it up to me some other time comma。

 I'm open to ideas winkiface， right， So that sets the frame that she still has to contribute to this date。

 It's not like she doesn't show up for the date。 and then she gets offered another amazing date。

 right， Think about that。 think how fucked up that is。 But as guys， we do that。 as guys， we do that。

 Hey， it's like， imagine you had an employee at a company。 Hey， employee。

 here's a job offer for $50000 a year。 It's great job offer。 you're gonna enjoy it。

 We're gonna to enjoy your time together。 It's gonna be successful。

 You're gonna really have great benefits。 And then the employee doesn't get back to you for two weeks or whatever it is right exaggerated a time here。

 but it's make a point。😊，The employee doesn't get back to you。 and then all of a sudden you say。

 all right， employee， there they come back to you eventually like， hey， how about that job offer。

 are' you gonna say， oh， just based on how irresponsible you were and how inconsiderate you were。

 here's another 50000 No， she go down right， she goes down to 40000 maybe 45， whatever the number is。

 The point is， if a girl's not contributing or she goes dead radio signs with no response。

 You want to get her contributing back into the date。 The date process， right。

 It's always got to be about you contribute， you invest and also she contributes and invest as well。

And then last but not least， is the another time flake where the girl's like， well， maybe not。

 not now， but another time， but another time， another time is a very loose way of getting getting off the hook。

 like， oh， we'll do it sometime like， oh， whens armor getting coming Sometimestime soon， you know。

 a meteor hit hit the globe。 When of the glaciers gonna melt in global warmings。 you know。

 sit some time is gonna happen right， It's like it's like who knows when these things are gonna happen if they're ever gonna happen at all。

 The problem with another time is when a girl says another time to you。

 she actually believes in her heart and soul another time。 in that moment。

 she is saying it from a place of truth。 But what happens is a week later， life continues。

 life goes on。 She has a whole bunch of experiences。

 she feels different in those moments and she's entitled to change her feelings in that moment。

 a girl's truth is only is true is that moment。 In that moment。

 she says one thing and she believes it and it's true。 But then what。😊，A week later。

 her truth changes and she feels something different。 She means something different。

 She experiences something different。 So the truth of that new moment don't even match the old one。

 so when a girl says to you another time she literally means that she wants to see you another time。

 But it usually doesn't work out。 You're literally screwed。 So if you get another timefl。

 What I recommend you do is once again go through this process and understand that you have to get her to commit to a time a specific time to lock down a time right another time cool I'm usually busy on Mondays and Wednesdays but I have my free time Thursday because this thing and then Friday morning lock down some availability。

 get it lock down get it locked。 one thing I've been experimenting with myself as well is that Facebook has a new little program and on the Facebook program you can actually it's the messenger。

 I think is called right and on the Facebook Mesenger。

 you can actually start to edit and put reminders and notifications of dates and times and plans and events。

😊，And it pops a little reminder the day of and 30 minutes before， Exp with this with this。

 play with this， try it out， experience it。 see what you think about it。 Give me your feedback。 guys。

 thank you very much for watching this text message and phone game strategy guide the five ways to deal with flakes and get actually nitro boost and accelerate your game off of flakes。

 remember take them and turn them into DHVs and get show that you're a cool guy how you roll with the punches。

 so I thank you very much for watching this。 This is all gonna be a part of boss boss of my indepth program of the hero journey。

 becoming the guy that men want to be and women want to be with。 right， let's coming October the 28。

 It's my whole 10 years of experience inside this program。

 Everything that I know about game everything that I know about self-development。

 changing your character。 This is a character based program。

 So what it means is that you learn to increase your character， improve your character， your virtue。

 your honor your integrity to your loyalty。 and everything just improves in your life from that point on。

 Change who you。😊，If you want to change the result that you're getting。

 it's literally a hero's journey in a box。 you discover yourself， you go through your depth。

 your death， you kill the inner boy and you arise from the Phoenix of the ashes as a man All right so I want to thank you very much guys for check this out。

 boss to coming to you very soon。 It's gonna be one of those things in your life like that change your life。

 I think that。You know， what I want for you is this， I want you to get this program。

And I want you to never be the same person again。 I want you to be everything that you thought you could be in the future。

 everything you knew that you could be。 I wanted to enhance your relationships。

 I wanted to change your， your networking with successful and enriched entrepreneurs and people like that in business。

 I want girls to automatically be attracted to you。

 when you come in the door and they're flirting with you even。

 I want you to be a man of your own path and to walk your own way。 I want so much for you。

 I know those programs can deliver on all those promises。 And hey， as everything。

 you're not completely satisfied， let us know there's a money back guarantee。 All right， so boss。

 coming on October the 28。 Check that out。 thank very much。 This is mad for real social dynamics。

 Keep in touch and don't be a stranger cheers。😊。