# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：24 开幕式 - 见面前5英尺 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Next one with your approach is you also want to open from the second you make eye contact。

From the second you make eye contact， you want to open。If she is 10 or 15 feet in front of you。

 I want you to start talking from that distance。 the second you make eye contact， okay。

 the second you make eye contact because。😡，If you don't， what's the alternative。

 what's going to happen。 something me like this。 She's over there。 She see， you're here。

 you walking to do your approach。 And as you're walking to her， you just don't say anything。Oh， hi。

 right， There's a whole like two or three or four seconds of silence that she's already gathering information about you and getting nervous。

 So you want to start your approach as soon as you can。 the second is eye contact， all right。

I can usually tell when a guy's approach is going well or will go well， even before the approach。

 half the time I'm on boot camp， I'm like， okay。All right， man。 what want you to do is I want you to。

 I don't really talk that。 just fun the microphone。 I want you to approach that girl there。 Okay。

 I there and the student will never do this go。😊，So the girls in the middle center with this。Hey。

 what's up， What's your date， right， I'm like fuck， get out of here get out of。

 And the girl's like right， The girl can sense theitteriness in his approach。

 What you want to do is you want to have yourself emotionally centered5 feet before you even get there。

 Your approach starts5 feet before the approach even happens。 Okay。

 I call that five feet before you meet write that down。😊，F feet before you meet。I like rhying。

Because I'm black， okay， five feet before you meet。So essentially it's like your energy。

 your projection， your're open has to start before you arrive at the destination。

 it's almost like an airplane right like in an airplane before the airplane lands before you guys got here in Vegas was a Pall Du goes bing bing。

Flight attendants appear for landing and if flight attendants come they're like hey put your seat up。

 put that shit away， you know what I mean you finish your drink to collect the garbage。

 they prepare before the plane even gets down， they don't like land and try to do all that shit all right so your approach starts five feet before you meet your approach starts oh hey。

 what's up， how's it going right bam？Or your expression starts five feet before you get there。

What's up， housing going， Okay， your approach has to start before that。

 Your energy should get there before you do。 It's not even about you。

 It's about your energy and your projection of the energy， getting them before you do。Y。

 I recognize you somewhere， you look really familiar Yeah， you look really familiar， Tinder， right。

 it's totallylly matched。Actually， your right I swipe left， swiped left。

Martt well you're better in person， I would have totally swiped right in prison。

I would have totally s right person What a I would have totally done it I would have totally right I would have been like there like or shit like that outfit what you're not for me Blanche。

 you doing What is this What are you doing What are you doing here for the matrix here Ta right Ill red That's right youre ay little spider legs you do the matrix if you can do three moves from the matrix。

😊，Okay， move number one。不。Oh that doesnt count that doesn't count dead。That's your number one。

That's number one， two and three but it was only one and two that's why you don't have anything good at your life。

 you're so skeptical of everything。What's your name's meet you Andrew drew。

 is that short for something？I must。expectingYou set me up the wait， wait， wait， wait。

 do it do it again， do it I' you fall， won't you fall。I didn't。 I know do it Do it。 I want to fall。

 I got you。 I got you。I don't need to nod fall because I you I you hit the。

