# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：下棋（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey， man， what's up， Madison here with Real social dynamicss and welcome to the Bo Mission。 Okay。

 so today we're gonna talk about the mission that is for this week。 It's very， very interesting。

 We're here in Prague， the beautiful city of Prague。

 actually in front of one of the power towers they have here。

 apparently all the kings and monarchs would go through this tower through the village on the way to the castle for their ceremony。

 So thoughtd be a very， very fitting environment to talk to you about the idea of chess chess for your game chess for your life and chess as this week's mission now。

😊，I want to talk about the reasons why I chose chess okay so first of all chess is the game that you play board game there's different variations of it all around the world。

 but it's pretty basic pretty straightforward now the reason I chose chess is because I didn't just think of it out of thin air as always I put a lot of thought into why these missions and what these missions mean I didn't just pull this out of my ass okay so the reason I chose chess is this。

I did a lot， a lot， a lot， a lot of research， a ton of research， a shit， ton of research as usual。

 and what did I find out？In that research I found out that every single successful entrepreneur CEO of the largest companies at one point or another devotedote their time to learning chess okay it's a very artictable skill and it has many。

 many benefits One of the first benefits is chess teaches you delayed gratification Now you can imagine yourself you'll say you go out into the field。

 you go out to a nightclub you're learning to talking to strangers and this girl's in front of you and you maybe think you should wait for the kiss but for some reason bam you just have to go for it right at that moment。

 you can't even wait until you get home to maybe make that move or whatever the move is right now I'm not saying you should kiss always outside of the nightclub sometimes you should kiss inside of it it varies depending on the situation。

But let's say in that particular moment you knew you should have waited that is called delayed gratification if you have money and you don't want to spend it。

 you want to save it for some reason every time you walk out the house。

 the money burn a hole in your pocket and you spend it that is bad delayed gratification So chess is one of these things that teach you delayed gratification what it also does is teaches you skill it teaches you skill I'm getting bump by Asian tourist as I kind of walking through here it teaches you the skill of strategy Now you might have heard that book the art of war very very classic book which says no you terrain to understand people to understand if you're going to win the war or not so you're not just trying to attack what's in front of you you're trying to think long termm strategy and what does that look like。

For example， right， for example， while you're doing pickup again。

 while you're pursuing a career in life or a promotion in your career。

 you're going to be thinking about what is my end goal here， what is the quote unquote big game。

 what is the larger picture that I'm trying to go after and how does that affect me how does that affect what I'm doing right now in this very moment versus what I want to do longter in the future so you got to think big picture。

 what is the terrain， get to know your terrain， get to know people get to know their habits get to know their thought patterns So chess is gonna to teach you all that it' gonna to teach you people their habits and their thought patterns right you're gonna look at who you're playing with and you're gonna think to yourself as we turn around here you're going look at who you're playing with and you're gonna think to yourself？

Actually， let's go that way。 Yeah we youre look at who you're playing with。

 you're going to think to yourself is this a person that has short temper is a person that has a long reaction time it's a rational person So you're gonna look at not just yourself what you're gonna to use your awareness skills that you've been developing so far to understand who you're playing against who you're interacting with because success isn't just yourself it's also who you're interacting with correct now one other thing that it's also going to help you out with is going to also be this idea of management of your own emotions a lot of guys said Madison yo。

 I picked a boss it's fucking sick now what do I do with it how do I find opportunities for you to express this inner game that I'm having and managing your emotions is definitely one of these things that I allow you to do that but what's the opportunity chess you're gonna say hey you have a moment where your rational brain comes up with your irrational brain they're head to head and I' gonna say do I want to battle it out and make the wrong move now or my emotions is more。

Com and relax and I trusted myself in the process and then make the right move later on Okay it's one of these things that are just priceless kings。

 queens， monarchs have been doing it for centuries， it's really just amazing。

 it'll change your results of everything it allows you to access kind of like almost like another dimension of thought it allows you to be able to say hey。

Myself was a person， I'm not perfect， I'm going to work in progress but I'm going to do the best that I can right now chess also teaches you to think about moments of adversity right so those are moments where you might lose one of your major chess pieces。

And you got to struggle， you got to hustle to survive now do you get into a defensive mode just try to hang on or are you still going to try to stalemate and you know get that king and corn to him so he can't move even though you're at a weakness。

 a deficit， so it's ultimately the game of life。You know。

 when you think about doing any kind of pickup or self development。

 you don't really want to be thinking about。The idea of checkers life is not about checkers。

 not like one shot， one kill， one shot， one kill， one move。

 one kill That's not the idea of life it's not checkers okay life is chess， it is chess。

 it's a longterm game strategy you're gonna take some losses you're gonna get some wins right that's Ws for wins and you' got to keep on you' got to keep moving so it teaches you how to pace yourself a look at the big picture all right so your mission for this week。

I I want you to engage in one or two if you can and those are really hard sometimes one or two chess sessions and I say it might be hard because sometimes it's hard to find a person that could actually play with you right so you'd have to do it online I prefer you do it in person rather than online because in person gives you like a different type of effect in person gives you the ability to look at the person your eyes you playing with and have that relation that back and forths relation right so I prefer you do it in person now we can stop here as well when you do it in person。

It's going to allow you to have that human connection that this is all about。

 you want to learn about that stuff now。One or two chess sessions if you' never played chess before I recommend you join a chess group or find one once again meetetup。

com as I always say， you can go on there， download the app or go to the website and find somebody that's playing chess and you can join them and play chess along with them and if you do know somebody just give them a call hey say hey。

 let's go for a coffee let's grab a drink let's play a game or two okay and as you're playing and when you lose。

 I want you to not be upset about the fact that you're losing I want you to appreciate the fact that you're learning even though you're losing okay become appreciative of that fact that you're learning even though you're losing and now once you do this mission。

What I want you to do is post your feedback， post your comments， post your experiences。

 post what you've learned about yourself as you're playing this What did you learn as you're playing this ask yourself。

 what did you learn what did you experience， what did you go through what did you see What did you feel What did you hear as you're going through this okay ask yourself these questions and then post them into the boss group the application on the phone or post them to the boss Facebook group and I'll go ahead and answer those for you I'll go ahead and respond back to them and engage in the little conversation and see talk to you guys about what you've learned everything single one of you guys to do the mission I will respond to at least hey man good job if not more in-depth conversation so that's it that's all thank you very much for watching and I look forward to your progress see at the top。

