# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：31 技术力学-验证和批准的药物 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。When I approach somebody， I'm always going to be concerned about the stars in my eyes。

 and what does that mean？😡，I want to have stars in my eyes。

 I want to connect with the person in front of me a lot of times when a guy doesn an approach and he's bad at game。

 he thinks it's a technique， it's not of the technique， it's where it's coming from。

 It's how he's expressing it。 It's not even the technique okay So as a dude when you're talking to a girl it could be you or most guys or some guys or I don't know who but this is what I see happen。

 This is what I see I see him try to talk to a girl。 be's so caught up in his own thoughts。 His own。

Mind。Zone emotions。The fact he's under control of his body。

He can't connect with the fucking person in front of him， okay？😡。

So essentially when I'm walking up a girl。My thought is I'm thinking about everything that I appreciate about her and I like her about her before I talk to her。

 I'm focused on everything that I like about her， everything that I want to know about her。

 how awesome it could be to kiss her， how caramels smooth her legs are。

 how beautiful the sound of her voice could be how her hair flows in the wind。

 how much of a great time we're gonna to have together all the cool things we could possibly do。

 I fabricate this fucking like not a story， but I fabricate all these reasons of why I want to talk to her so when I go and I talk to her。

 how I think my face looks。It's alive， it's on， my face is on， I'm alive。Okay。

Because I'm focused on that stuff， I'm not focused on what happens to it。

 I'm focused on the appreciation of the creature in front of me that I want to have babies with。Okay。

That does a lot to my approach， what do you think it does my voice？It makes my voice tonality。

 tonality， which is a technique word， is my voice tonality pretty fucking sick。

Everything that I do works because I'm excited about the girl。I bet half few motherfuckers。

 and I say it with love。 I say it with a lot of love because I was one of withfugers， too。

 I bet half few motherfuckers don't even talk to girls because you want to talk to them。

You talk to them because you're trying to get your approach out the way。

I got my approach is out the way， who here， let to be honest， It's an honest question， okay。Who here？

Right now says RSD World Smon in Vegas， who here has not hooked up with the girl yet， Choy hands。

 okay， half the room okay。I who here out of those people feel like shit。 I gotta get this done。

 I got a few days left。Honestly， Okay， so what's gonna， I feel like that， too。

 One year I came to summit， this is actually about three years where I came an instructor。

 My friend Neil made fun of me。 I pulled。11 times in seven days。Nothing happened。

 I get to the front door of the bench no，11 times I pulled in seven days。 and nothing happened。

 So I was like， shit， man。A， are you good， Are you not good。

 You're like an assistant Like that got game， what's going on。' like yo， it got worse。

 It got worse and worse and worse because every girl I talk to it's like I' I'm talking to these girls are fucking do the approach。

 I'm talking to the girl for the result。 not talking to the girls that appreciate her。

 She can see to my face when I talk to her。 She didn't see the stars in my eyes when I talk to her。

 She can tell like this guys trying to this guy is some weird agenda。That makes sense？

I'm like the weird agenda guy。hy why is he talking to me， What's his agenda。

You ever have a homeless dude talk to you？And what's the first thing a Holless guy says to you？

change， okay， place to cut suck your di。He says change。No， no， but even before that。

 what does he say， what's his first line？Excuse me。How's it going？

And you're like something in your body， like in your gut region。

 you just like you feel that this guy does not care about how it's going or how your day is。

 he wants something else， there's an agenda there， there's something else going on you're like。

 why does this guy say that， how's it going and're like he's like？Got some change。 Like， oh。

 there you go。 There was coming。 I do it。 I knew I knew it was coming。 I suck your dick， what。😊。

That one still catches me off guard， but cannot I suck your dick。And said it'll say yes， but。

The price is right。I got turn on a free blow job shit。 I'm kidding， kidding right。The point is this。

When you talk to a girl。If you don't have stars in your eyes， she can feel that you have an agenda。

 You had to appreciate the woman in front of you。 Okay。

 appreciate the like talk to her because you actually want to talk to her because you actually want to meet her because you actually want to spend time with her。

 When I approach a girl， My line is this。 This is my best line in Vegas。

 I'll give it to you guys right now。 it may not work for you， but I'll give it to you。

 My best line is this。 Finally，' looking all over for you。😊，Finally， hey。

 I've been looking all night for you。 There's been so many fucking girls I had't like pass by。

 but you're here。 Finally， thank fucking goodness。Why， why does that work， Because not a line。

 Because you can see it that I appreciate。 I'm like， I want her。You know what I'm saying。

 I'm not afraid to look that show。 Now you don't want to be creepy with your desireing like， hey。

 baby， Yeah， like likere like on。Yeah， girl。嗯。嗯。With that mouth dodo。

you don't to be creepy with your desire。 you still want to have some like show some interest in your desires her。

 She knows you're talking to her for a reason。 She knows you're not talking to her just because you want to look cool。

 Okay， She should know that you want to talk to her because you actually have an attraction to her。

By the way， this is also why most guys can't get stunning girls because they don't actually talk as goes because they're attracted to them。

Does that make sense， or am I losing you guys here， me rewind it back and explain。

If you have trouble getting nines or tens or smoke shows or stunners is because you actually don't want them。

Mind fuck moment here， okay， mind fuck moment here， this is what I mean。

The average girl that's like maybe a seven or eight。Let's start 7。 Let's say6。

 Are you nervous talking to a 6。 man， not too much， right， by the way。

 I'm just using numbers to kind of like put a scale， you know， to to understand the what I'm saying。

 Every guy's 6 is different。 Every guy's 10 is different。 You know， I happen to like tall。

Thin long haired European looking girls。 That's not for everybody That might be a two to somebody else。

 right， Some guys like， damn give me that that Niki Beyonce booty， right。

 like so it's different for everyone so。If you're a couple talking to a6 because you actually feel like you deserve her。

 you feel entitled， right， abundanceundance， all that。

 all those words that now mind fuck you at night in your sleep。How do I feel more entitled。

 How do I feel more abundant， right， All that shit， Are those Zar and pants， by the way。 Yeah。

 thought so Zara， nice this there。 Okay I our。 I I had to stop shopping there recently， though。

 because I got taller。 I think randomly and like their shirts don't fit me anymore。

 Like the aren long enough。😊，嗯。All right， if you're a big and tall guy， you want to go to top shop。

 they have longer shirts for some reason， I don't know why I like the torso was longer on the shirts。

So anyways， or express。Those are the best sharks。 Anyways， point is， you' feel entitled to that girl。

 But when you go talk to the 9 out of the 10， you're not actually even trying to pick her up you trying to get your approval that you're trying to work out your approval issues on the fucking girl。

Here's there's a stner。 If I get this one， it'll finally mean that I'm good at game。

 that I can get the hotaughties that I've arrived， that I have instructor level game。

 Everybody wants instructor level game。 If I can do that， then I've arrived。

 right So you go into the sun and' going you're actually connecting with her as a person。

 You're going there and you're thinking about how do I fucking do this approach to to make myself feel good And how do I do this approach for my approval and that she can see it because everybody wants her approval。

 believeieve it or not， guys。😊，Like if a hot girl walks in this room。

 every guy wants her for the same reason， she walks around knowing that every guy wants her for approval。

 she walks around knowing that every guy wants to take a picture with her to put it on his Instagram or Facebook so the friends go thumbs up。

 good jobs， whatever the fuck your name is。😡，Itsert your name here right she can feel it。

 but when you can get a hot girl with no approval， that's when they know you are legit I have to call my Rihanna technique right。

 so this is the story。Okay，' it's funer because I can do the Rihanna accent kind of。 All right。

 So the Rihanna story， the Rihanna story。 right， So tonight， all of a sudden， you're at X。

 the best club in the world。 you're at excess。😊，And you're like， you know what， fuck this。

 I'm just gonna to leave early。 You leave early。 You go to the parking， the little parking area。

 And all of a sudden， hear you hear tears。And you turn around， you go look behind it。

 and it's rihanna。And you like。What's wrong， Rihanna， the number one selling artists in the country？

And she's like。Boy， I just had a problem。 My family know。And like。

 you want to go to Ellis Island and get a steak for $10。 like， okay。

I the version guys are laughing that Els Ion to learn of stage like，Okay， what？

And you and Rihan to go for these 10 motor stakes。And you're there and you have a great time just laughing and she's like you're like she's confiding in you and stuff like that and she's like。

 where do you live now and you say，  well I'm poorest Fox， I'm singing at Harris。"，And she's like。

 okay， let's go to after party but you got to sneak me in the back door not。Okay。

 you go to the back door， you sneak in。And youreta have beautiful love。 It's beautiful。タ。Youia。

And she as she leaves in the morning， the sun's coming up， you know， you guys order room service。

 you get， you get some fucking waffles of blueberries because that's how Rihanna does it。😡。

You know that's how bosses do if she wouldn't have any other way and you get these released blueberry pancakes or wffles。

 whatever and as she walks up the front door， she picks up her socks and picks up little Barbados panties and she says。

W， you can't tell nobody about this。A lot of mercy okay， and she walks at the front door。시！

She walks to the Pan door， okay。She wants to the front the door and what's the first thing you want to fucking do？

别别。と。Yo bro， you are not beable fucking love。That's your first inclination。That's your first desire。

 why is that your first desire？The validation。The validation drug。

 the validation drug is in every single interaction， you want that validation so fucking badly。😡。

And then Rihanna comes over two days later， She checks her phone。

 She sees he called somebody or text her pictures， fuck sent them a picture of her naked。

 I see half few motherfuckers on inner circle posting these photos。 It's this gross as fuck。

 It's like your piece like half inserting。 You're like。

It's like on the RSC inner circlecle and I'm like， gosh， damn it。

So me and Nick invented inner circlecle by we created it， he invented。

 I helped create it so I'm like damn， this is not what innerci is meant to be。

 I'm like pissed off right？That happens because the guys want the approval and the validation of other dudes more than they want the girl。

That's fucked up。And the girl can feel it。So you're as limited in your game as how much validation you want from other dudes and the girls。

 how much approval you want， that is what limits your game。And that's when you walk up to the girl。

 she doesn't see the stars in your eyes， she sees the agenda。Of the pickup。

 like that homeless man who wants change， she can sense it， she can feel it。

 right So you want to get out of that as much as possible。It will kill you。On the inside。

 so it's Spanish。Epan E Taketo Taco Bell，ro C。C。I know， I can make you those all day long。

All but I like I want to get you the real way to your heart you know like how most guys like I'm gonna to take you go in this fancy boat or the helicopter I want to make you hot dogs I make you hot dogs I want to make you happy all day I see what you love every day all day especially occasions。

In the morning for breakfast， barbecue， all were anniversaries， hot dogs。In the afternoon he'll it。

 he'll like put it in a frying pan I love dog and then for dinner he'll like boil it for him。

ReReally well prepared like gourmet style， gourmet style we really well prepared and your's going to be the worst because you're going to have to have boiled hot dogs those are actually really gross but it's spoiled。

 it's not really good， not really good the worst the worst。

