# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：42 物理游戏，物理关系 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Yeah。Physical game。Do you guys know the word keyote escalation？Fuck youno escalation。

Keenote escalation， gosh， damn，s not only is it nerdy it sounds。It sounds manipulative。

The kote escalation sequence， execute the knot escalation。

 What is the knot escalation sequence to unlock the clitoris Okay， keyos， it's a horrible thing。

 hate that word， okay， I want you to replace that vocabulary。 vocabulary is very。

 very important in in my system here， okay， So vocabulary I want you to replace this physical rapport or physical relating。

😊，Physical relating。All right， physically relating。A little still nerdy， but a little less nerdy。

 a little less creep， a little more nerdy， right， physical relating。So physical relating is this。

You don't go up to a girl and try to escalate or execute the physical moves。

This happens all the time on boot camp。Allright， student， here go， boom。 Allright。

 like he executes like he assaults her with the physical sequence。's like man， I did I did the moves。

 What the fuck， this girl machine didn't output sex。 What what's going on here。

 I did the mathematical sequence。 I put in the code to the safety lock And I didn't get the thing。

 What， what is this，'m like， no， bro， It's how you feel， He's like what， what is this。

You don't want to execute physical knote escalation。

 you want to have a physical relationship with the girl Everything is physically relating even to the climax of sex right some guys just like yeah。

 I can fuck her， she didn't come it's like no， it's there's a balance like like sex in my mind it's you guys as Disney as the sounds you guys sharing something together a moment even if it's like a five minute moment or a10 second moment or a moment that you eventually like you know only to see each other one night or he's a moment where you see each other for a few weeks you're still sharing a moment。

 it has to be a win win physical game has to be a win win okay she wins you win it's not you execute the move and get the result if she's not winning you're not winning。

And you're relating to each other。 I want it to be where the girl is escalating on me as much as I'm escalating on her。

 I want her to feel like she's winning as well as me winning okay。That's great， Madison， nice talk。

 nice theory， how the fuck do you do that？How do you get a girl escalate on you， don't worry。

I got you。Got you， all right？So。This is the first time I'm going to say this。

Verally out loud anywhere， I'm going to give you guys my physical inception。All right。

 get ready for this physical inception， all right？Here we go， You got fuck there。

 you guys are' even s like， oh， yeah yeah yeah。This shit took me seven years， thank you。Thank you。

This shit took me seven years to make and you guys are going to get in like five minutes， okay。

 seven years to make this physical inception， so let me explain what is physical inception？

Physical Inception is like the movie inception by Chris Nolan。Yeah， Chris Nolan。

 I am trying to plant ideas into her mind and have her think it was her idea with the physical stuff。

 So a lot of times you're doing physical game just you like executing on the girl。

 just you're just escalating on you're doing to the girl， you're doing to the girl， doing， doing。

 doing， doing and she has no。Involvement in it， like if she just stand there。

 like basically when you guys do physical game， it's like if she just stood there and didn't say no。

 she would be pregnant。There's no involvement of the girl， there's no relating there。

 she's not involved in it， there's no contribution。 I want us to be doing it 50，50。A， for me。

 it's enjoyable one of the girls doing it to me as well B。I can get hard， see。

 she's not a starfish at the end of the night。 if you're just escalating on a girl。

 she's not doing anything。 It's just like at the night， it's like starfish， you know the starfishes。

' she' like。Like starfish sex， that's not enjoyable to me。 I don't care about that。

 And I would say C would be if she's involved in the physical physical relating。

She's gonna to feel better about it。 She's gonna to like that she did it。

 It's going to be a challenger。 It's to different for her。 Okay， it's going to be different for her。

 And I guess the last one be E is that it somehow makes her think that she is also into you。

Although she might not be completely sure， she's in you， all right， so this is the sequence， okay。

All right， number one thing I like to do is。I like to handhold our finger class， okay。

 handhold or finger class， basically is this。Okay。You can either do or it's kind of up high like it's a game mercy。

We down low， but you're not actually like clasping to break her fingers or her knuckles interlace and you lock so what's going to happen there is she is also going to if you hold her hands。

 hopefully she would hold yours back what you can even do is just kind of keep your hands loose and see if she holds on okay that's one of the things I like to do。

Finger class。Now。Before we get to the finger class might even high five， that's pretty good。

 pretty standard。 Ay， what's that high five you're just giving fun。

 you're giving the fun away right high five。 So then you go to finger class once you' need some physical contact numberumb two。

 what I'm usually going to do or number three actually。

 what I'm going to do is I'm gonna to take her arm and put it around me I literally take her arm like this。

And put it around my shoulders。Like that。So what I see happen I want to pickup up is guys will go through her and they'll claw the girl and that works。

 but I'd rather have her get her arm around me ands kind of those hang there this dangle it。

 I might just hold her hand like this， I might even let go she might keep her arm there for five seconds。

 maybe 10 seconds it doesn't really matter， I might do that several times I want to get her involved in it okay I want to get her involved in the pickup。

All right， so her arms around me， cool。What am I going to do next？I am gonna to move around。

 I want to move her around， I move the girl every 20 minutes。

 every 20 minutes I'm gonna to move around every like minimum 20 minutes you maximum listen。

 the club is so stimulating lights， music， drinks nobody wants to stand there and talk to you for an hour okay if you're standing talking to girl for an hour。

 you're losing your time you're just wasting sex okay you're wasting experiences she wants to come have the full adventure of the club so I'm gonna to move her every 20 minutes。

 how do I think I move around the club。Lead， how do you lead， what does that look like？

Get her hand or like this。Put her arm on your arm and walk around the club Okay what's again。

 that's her contributing to it physically okay she's contributing to it physically。

 It's not just you dragging her。 It's like， yes， a little compliance right。

 Do you want to hate the hand， Yes， let's go meet some friends。 Let's have a drink。

 Let's go sit down。 Let's go by the bar， My feet hurt， Let's sit down for a second。

 I want some water， come meet my friends， don't embarrass me， blah， blah， blah all right。After that。

I'm going to find a nice little chair。We find a nice little place for her to sit。

Maybe like if you're at excess it's out by the pool， there's like a little plant wall over there。

 and I'm going to sit down。And in the middle of conversation， having normal conversation。

 Im going to take her arm just put it right here。What do I name？Just leave it。

'm not going to hold it there， I'm not going to force it there just take it just place it on my knee。

Or her hand， I'll take her hand， and I'll put your hand both on my hands like this。

Aler just rub the back of my hand Okay， or rub the knee。

 just keep her hand on my like this is not full perfect， by the way。 Okay， it's not like rub my knee。

 Yeah， turn me ya on， get dirty with it， get jggy with it， baby know it's not that。

 just hand on the knee。 they  five seconds， especially 10 seconds depends Really just depends on how openly sensual she is。

 And different people have different degrees of how sensual they are and how comfortable they are being that way right away。

 So it might take some time。 All right， So whatever we at。Five， six， four 10， okay。

 I hope we're at five， I think， hope we're at five， okay？And after that what I'm gonna to do。

 we're sitting down， we're next to each other， I'm gonna to ask her to maybe give a little massage on the shoulders right F had a really long day。

 It's been crazy， so happy to be here Oh my goodness， you know what。

 I'd love a little massage you give me one I'll give you one back just little like a little trap and it doesn't something like a serious like hardcore like Shiatsu Thai massage It's just like it' like the girl massage。

That's it like that's it because at least she's contributing。

 at least we're contributing to each other。 Okay， that's all it is。

 little little girl massage in the shoulders。 That's fine。 And I'll probably give her one back。

 all right， but at least at this point。We're contributing， we're both contributing。

 we're meeting in the middle。 it's a give， take I'm setting the precedent。

I'mtaining the precedent for what our relationship is going to be。

I'm sending that shit from the jump from the get go， like from the beginning， she's knowing。

 all right， this guy is not just going to do everything。

 this is a guy that I have to make some sort of effort to contribute to。You know what mean。

 like whatever it is， whatever it is that she brings to the table。 Okay。

 I'm also going to bring the table。 And then even when I go for the makeout。

Even when I go for the makeupout or the kiss， I don't really go for it。

 that makes sense like I' kiss her around the neck maybe， and then I' kind of like do an eye gaze。

 which is like look at both eyes， look at the lips， look at both eyes， look at the lips， eyes。

 both lips， maybe go close， maybe step back and just kind of let it happen。

All right it's kind of let it happen so I'm given you guys a few tools here about physical inception and physical rapport and I hope you dont understand how I view physical game okay once again it's something I want to like have the girl contribute to。

 I want to have her involved in it I want to have her relate to me。

And I want to make it fun for both of us。man， wouldn't you just want to kill yourself and like hate life。

 if you had to go out every single night， like three or four nights a week and practice this like physical or pick stuff on every girl it was the same on every girl just you doing。

 doing， doing， doing， doing， doing， doing， but that would suck。That would suck。

And if you really want to also process the idea， start to believe the idea that you have some value in life。

 that you are worth something just because you're born or you're a human being， in this planet。

 this earth， your dad's sperm fall all the way to your mom's egg just to get there and you're like the birth child this fucking generationship。

If you want to believe that and actually believe it。

 then make sure people meet you halfway at least invest into others who also invest into you， okay。

 that's the motto， invest into others who also invest into you。

 don't invest into somebody who gives you nothing back like even the idea of a date pisses me off like I don't actually like to date。

The idea of the precedent of a date， okay， the precedent of a date in our society is Gu sees girl。

 Gu puts out financial opportunity of fun and enjoyment。 Girl comes to date。

 Girl subjectively decides that guy is worth courtship。Girl accepts courtship。 My gosh。

 kill me now can't do that。I can't do that， the idea of a day just sucks。

RightIt it's somebody else having all the power over how you should feel about yourself。

 The idea of a date is somebody else， somebody else looking at you with arms crossed。

And deciding if you meet their approval， fuck that it's like meet me halfway or nothing at all。

 I'm not doing that shit。If you can't set this standard， this paradigm from the beginning。

 your dates are going to suck。😡，The sex is going to suck。 your relationship is going to suck。

Because you said it from beginning。Right，It's from day one， from hello， from open。

From from finger class， that's where it starts。 It starts from the beginning。 A lot of guys。

 I think a lot of guys have this， this problem with like。So Madison， you know。

 I got this girl's phone number and I'm calling her asking around and now she's always busy。

 I'm like fuck man， you fuck this up a long time ago， like from the beginning it was fucked up。

 I want to like 95% of the problems you have can be solved in the first interaction or the first five minutes of the interaction。

 I don't get LMR， by the way。Does that surprise you guys？He're like， no， he's on stage。

 so no guess's not。What do you what do you think LMR is， what's LMR last minute resistance。

 Oh my gosh， that sounds horrible。 I tried I tried to rob this bank and they wouldn't let me the last minute last minute resistance Listen。

 let me tell you something。 There's no such thing as LMR doesn't exist。

 LMR is a failure to do what you should have in the beginning。

That's what LMR is LMR is a failure to build comfort or a failure to display value or a failure to get her involved from the beginning。

 that's what LMR is there's no such thing as LMR LM LMR LMR is a title given to guys that have not properly run game。

 it's a title for a symptom of something else。I got this can， I got this I got this cough cough。 Oh。

 way is's cancer， where is smoker lung。 No， the problem the cigarettes， right。

 Like theres there's causes and symptoms。 LMR is a。Symptom， but there's a bigger cause there。

And the bigger cause is you didn't set your shit up from the beginning。Sorry for I sound pissed off。

But yeah， that's how I feel about that， all right， so that's my physical game stuff。

 any questions on that？Damn， did I do that thorough ajava explaining for the first time of in my life？

Oh， that was a thumbs up， Okay， cool， thank you， I appreciate that thank you for the thumbs up no questions speak now if forever holds your peace luck to answer 20 questions on the station。

 yeah。I've heard a few instructors talk against making out in the club， right？啊，这个。我困少边嘅我。你。有过是难。嗯。过。

So the question is， should you make out in the club？And the answer is it depends。It depends。

 There's no right or wrong answer。 Personal myself， I don't make out in the club。

 I find there's more， there's more of a mystery to me if I leave the make out to actually we've left the room and you'll find to the hotter girls you go for。

 So if you're dating like stunning girls like cocktail waitressses or girls that like are't known in the scene。

 they can't make out with a random stranger in front of all their friends every single weekend right。

 the friends are gonna think they're a s。 look at Susie。

 she has no sadness like as a status of bring her down for her。

 So what she's gonna have to do is she's gonna to have to do it in private。She can't do it in front。

I don't think making out is a bad thing， but I tend to avoid it in those situations。

 I don't force for it。 And the girl sees like， oh， wait a second。 This is a guy who gets it。

 This is a guy who could make a physical move because he's doing all this other shit。

 He's not afraid to make the moves。 He can make the move any time he wants。

 He could pull that trigger any time he wants。 But he's just taking his time。

 And he's he's smart enough to make out behind the closed doors。 Now that being said。

 I will make out sometimes， but I don't go for like long like， you know， like it's like a kiss。

 Basically， I'm not like going for anything over 10 seconds。 It's like a short kiss。 That's it。

You know and。I don't think it's good or bad。 Here are the pros and cons。

 Pros are you can have a little bit more mystery to you if you don't make out， not Mr。

 E or the pickup artist from Vh1， but you have a little more mystery2 if you don't make out right but on the flip side you can get maybe a little more horny if you do make out with her some girls are very logically in their heads and until they get into their body and start express in their sensuality then they don't actually like they can't actually get turned on know so I mean you have to kind of make a judgment call at the end of the day。

 look at the you're dealing with talk to her final like what her history is is she adventurous。

 did she backpack through Europe， did she like I'm a good girl。

 I go to church on Sunday like whatever her situation is。

 figure out what it is figure out what her headspace is that figure what type of girl or pros you're talking to and then make the judgment call I say still go for the kiss but don't try to go for a makeup out and if it seems like it's not the right situation。

 do everything else and make out in private。Sometimes I don't even kiss the girls until they get to the bedroom。

Be honest。Second I meet them， I'm like up in their face， I'm up in their grill。

 so they know that I'm not afraid to kiss them， does that make sense？So it's a judgment call。

 you play it by ear， you'll feel it out with enough practice what will happen is you'll just have a lot of times where you fuck it up。

 a lot of times you get it and you'll find out where that sweet spot is and you'll be able to kill it。

