# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：01简介 - 一个平凡的世界 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So here you are， finally， you're finally here。You've finally taken that first step to。

Arrive at the door。Now the question is， before you step through it， are you ready？

A you ready to step into the unknown。I feel like you and me have。A lot in common。

I feel like even though I don't know you that we have a lot in common。Because I made this for you。

It's all for you。At the same time， I made it for me。

I thought about what I would want when I was a young male developing I thought about。

What I was missing when I was a young male developer I thought about。

What the fuck was never told to me。You know， there's things in life that you know you need to do。

You know， you should go to school， you know you should you know call your grandma every once in a while。

 you know you should be nice as strangers， you know that you should brush your teeth。

 you know that you should eat your vegetables， you know all the stuff you should do。

But there's a whole bunch of stuff in life that you don't even know that you should do。

 you don't even know what you don't know， it's crazy， right？Sometimes we're on the street。

 the RD guys were on the stream， people come to us and they thank us so much。

 like thank you so much with like big bright eyes and like almost like water your eyes sometimes and the enthusiasm in their life。

 enthusiasm in their voice and they say， man， you've changed my life so much and I say how and they say it's because you told me what I needed to hear。

 you told me what no one else would tell me。That's what I want to do for you right here boss。

 I want to tell you exactly what no one else is going to tell you I want to give you the truth okay。

 now when I made this， I said to myself，This is all about you， the one person that I care about。

If you are the only person。That picks up this program。

it's worth it I'm happy if you're the only person that picks this program and fuck everybody else that does it and they just kind of like skim through it。

 but you do it with sincerity and appreciation for all the digging in the dirt and crawling my knees I had to do to get this information and you appreciate it that much you apply it。

 you actually fucking apply everything that you hear， everything you see。Then it was worth it。

If you watch the videos and you see there's some notes maybe in the comments。

 but you make your own fucking notes。Make your own notes。Then to me， it was worth it。You know。

 I think people start our programs with a whole bunch of enthusiasm right。

 they come into a program they're like man， this is it I'm happy now the program's going to do the work。

 but essentially I don't think this really happens I think。

It's up to you to decide what the program does for you。

It's up for you to decide that no one else can decide that for you。

So how to you get the most out of this program is you take it absolutely serious。

 you come into it not like it was a classroom， you sit at the back of the class。

 you kind of just chill out and watch it， you come to it with dedication。

 you come to it with dedicated practice you come to it not just like you're trying to practice the technique but it's an emotional practice for you I want this course to be an emotional meditation for you even okay so when you。

Want to watch it。You turn off your cell phone， turn off the wfi on your computer。

 well actually need the wfi to watch it， but turn off the wfi on your phone， right？Go into a room。

 shut the door。This is u time。This is you time and nobody else。You sit there alone。

In silence with yourself， maybe the first time all day you sit with yourself。

And you watch the video and I talk to you， and you talk to me， we have a conversation together。

 we have a relationship together， we share together， we grow together。And you watch these videos。

And you learn more about yourself。And I want that time of the day not to be like a time that you dread going to you're like。

 oh， I got to do that fucking program again。What you be excited about it comes it with passion every day when you come to that session with me and you had together。

 I want you to be mentally prepareded。Mentally anxious in a good way， excited thinking。This is it。

This is the moment I grow， this is the moment of the day that's just for me。

The moment of the day where you put aside all the anxieties that you have。

 people that are stressing you out， that paper that you gotta get through。

 that work project your boss gave you， that's way out of your job description。

 but you're going to do it anyways， just to get the promotion why don't you put all that aside for a few moments and be here with me。

Be one with me， be present with me share yourself with me because I'm going to share it all with you man。

 I'm going to give you everything， I'm going to give you everything I got。

 I'm going to open every single door， I'm going to leave no cracks unresolved。

I will leave no information off the table give you everything。So if I give you everything。

You have no more excuses。That's it。You have absolutely no more excuses， this is it。

 it's the end of the line， what are you going to do？What the fuck are you going to do？

Are you going to continue with how things are？Or is this where you draw the line in the center for yourself？

You know， when I start a boot camp program， I usually just tell students I say there's two things here。

There is accountability and responsibility okay， responsibility is knowing what you should do。

Knowing what you should do。In accountability。It's fucking doing it， no matter what。

Just doing it okay， so this is your moment， this is your moment in time right now。

 this is your moment in history。 This is the time of your life where you can reach that crucial point。

 say， do I want to keep doing the responsible thing of knowing what I should do or do I want to go on the path of being accountable and actually doing what I know I should do？

This program isn't just about more information， it's not about more information。

 you have she tons of information， you have all the fucking information you need already。

Now we're going to tweak it， now we're going to refine it。

 now we're going to make you the best version。We' going making you 2。0。Version 2。0 view。Not 2。

0 with Madison， 2。0 of U。Now for that to happen。You can't be you anymore。

You have to upgrade your mind， your philosophies， your lifestyles， your outlooks， your headspaces。

 your paradigms， everything has to change。Now if you're ready for that。We can do that together。

You won't be alone， I'll be here with you， supporting you， thinking about you。

 even though we've never met thinking about you， thinking about what this means to you。

 thinking about what I can do more for you。Okay， we can do this， you're here， you've arrived。

Let's get it going。