# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：09 信念【加微信kc58567获取更多此类课程】 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Let's talk about beliefs。 Let's talk about beliefs for women who camps。

The good old phrase thing from the Army of the Navy。 I'm really not sure because I'm Canadian。

 but be all that you can be， be all that you can be。 How can you be all that you want to be。

That's ultimately going to come down to your beliefs because beliefs。

Make you understand what is possible， that is it。Beliefs equal what's possible。

 your beliefs about yourself or what's possible， your beliefs about the city you grew up in。

Please have around that。 make it what's possible。 The beliefs about the future of what you can do was possible。

 beliefs about how youre raised again， what's possible。 Not all beliefs are supported by facts。

 right， So within Bos， I try to give you new facts， a new way of looking at the world。

 a new way of looking at yourself。 So it changes your beliefs and changes what you think is possible。

A great expression， I think， was by Henry Ford says whether you think you can or you can't。

 youre absolutely right。And it's true， different beliefs， different outcome， positive beliefs。

 positive outcome， negative beliefs， negative outcome。 Now， situations change are in effect。

 You can't always control situations。 I know I get that。

 But the beliefs can kind of give you face They help you to see through what's happening in the current moment and what your future potential is。

 The challenge you may be having is the beliefs that you currently only have。

 give you the negative result that you want。 And this goes for every single area man health。

 beliefs about health。 Now you may say， I want to work out on want exercise。

 But then January 1 comes and you work up for a little bit。 And then you're like。

 exercising takes time。 Exercising is painful。 Exercising is not enjoyable。

 Exercise makes me lose out so that you have those beliefs and you exercise。

 Financial beliefs where somebody you have money is the root of all evil。😊。

Right you cannot love money and love God or you know there's other beliefs you could have that hold you back financial from being expressive being people。

 if I focus on money， it means I don't care about my family。 if I focus on money。

 it means that know there's a million things right There's relationship beliefs that every girls trying to gonna fuck you over eventually because they did it for in the past She's like that so many beliefs are gonna have and the negative beliefs ultimately just hold you back from your future potential Okay。

Beliefs are the cornerstone of everything。 Theyre how you take your values and how you process them。

 They're literally the logic， the ones and zeros of how you think and how you feel。

 Understand that thoughts create emotions。People will say， how do I feel a certain way。

 why do I feel good， why do I feel bad， know， before I to take an inventory of how you feel in your life generally day to day。

 the way that you feel is really determined by your thoughts。Every thought you have。

That you focus on repeatedlyly gives you an emotion， and that emotion also then gives you a belief。

 right， So its they work hand in hand what I'm trying to say。 People say， do I have a good belief。

 Then do I get a good result。Really fair question。Then you could say the counter argument。

 which should be if I have a good result。 It'll give me a good belief。

 If I believed that was good with girls， I would get the result。 If I had good success in girls。

 then I would be confident， right， like the truth is， it goes backwards and forwards。

 It goes harmoniously in a circle。 They contribute to each other。

 So you always want to be aware of those beliefs you're having。

 what you're focusing and paying attention to。 Now， practically， how can we apply this。 I think that。

😊，You have to always be aware。 That's key， right。' talking about awareness。

 having the awareness of the beliefs that you currently have。

 the thoughts that you're currently having thoughts that you have on a regular basis will impact your emotions。

 I your beliefs。 So be aware the thoughts that you're always having about subjects。

 you might have to sit down and say， hey， then I have some beliefs about money。

 I have some beliefs about friends， family， girls that are not healthy。

 They're not helping me literally。 You may't notice that they're not helping you because you don't have what you want。

There's a situation that you don't have what you want。

 You probably have some beliefs around it that are negative。Or unsupportive， right。

 Let's give some concrete examples here。If you think that every girl of the club is stunning is gonna be a bitch or a club bitch club ho。

 then there's no way you' gonna to get a stunning girl。 How's that going be possible。

 You just can't do it because your beliefs do not help contribute to the result you want。

 If you think that's the cool kids area。 They're stuck up。 You can't have what you want。

 If you think money is a root evil evil。 You can't have financial success。 It's not possible， so。

Monitor some of the beliefs that come up in your head。

 And what I want to do is if they don't serve you anymore， place them with new beliefs。

 What are some beliefs that could be better， Alright， So what do I want you do today。

Today's assignment here for the next 10 minutes is write down some beliefs that you have in the major areas。

 Okay， I want to write down three beliefs that you have。Now。

 for each belief youre gonna write down two things so for money。

 I want you to write down two positive beliefs you about money and two negative beliefs you have about about money for girls okay。

 two positive beliefs wrong girls or guys if you're a a girl watching this。

 two positive beliefs and two negative beliefs about the opposite sex This is there you go when it comes to health。

 what are two positive beliefs you have about exercising and two negative beliefs that you have about exercising。

And then last but not least， just general happiness and relationships。

 what are the two beliefs that you have about happiness？Okay。

 that help you and what are two beliefs that you have about happiness that do not help you。

 You're doing an audit of your mind and out of your belief structure because I think really good。

 you know， talk about pickup and stuff， good game happens when you stop caring about things don't matter。

So therefore， good game happens when your beliefs are supportive。You know。

 the reason why I could walk up to a stutter and not be phased is I believe that she'll see my character eventually。

And then eventually she' should see my values， which will get into a bit。 So she'll see all that。

 And I believe that eventually it'll show through。 And that belief， she looks at me， says， well。

 this guy's belief in in something。 What is what is what's going on。 And you know。

 I don't know if you watch the value chapter yet， or if you're gonna watch in a bit。

 But that creates a vacuum for attraction as well。 So beliefs are so key man。

 there's so so cornerstone。 If you find that you have negative beliefs。😊。

I want you to think about how you can go about also changing those。

So some actionable things that you can do to change your beliefs， A。

 get around people that have the beliefs that you want。Legiit， right。

 you're the average of your five closest friends， these old Jim R quote quote。

 if you find you have beliefs that are negative in that area of relationships。

 in that area of health， in that area of dating， in that area of financial stuff。

If you find you have bad beliefs in there， get around some people that have beliefs that are more helpful。

 and you'll start to adapt their beliefs。 You'll start to learn their beliefs through osmosis。

 and it' will change the quality of your life automatically。

 I have chapters and mentors about chapters about mentors here in boss。

 I think that will really help you out a lot。 So beliefs are so key。

 And if you find also you're hanging around people that have negative beliefs that are holding you back away from your values。

 your mission， etc， get away from those people。😊，You know， don't cut them off。

 but just spend less time with them or less time thinking about them or focusing on them because you can't make everybody have the beliefs that you would like to have or they you need to have around you to support you。

 Okay， so think about that。 do the exercise of the beliefs。 And I'll see you in a bit。

