# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：35 言语技巧 - 体贴大胆 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。So the next thing I'm talking about is being respectfully bold so with this kind of an approach。

You're going to be very bold in what you're saying。There's no pussy footing around。

 you're not like trying to hide your desires， you're not castrating your testicles to be your friend to try to act like you're not interested in her。

 play the friendship card because it gets you some time the conversation It's like hey。

 what's up I'm a guy yes I am that guy I'm here by the way I absolutely do like something about you it's not physical and I want to see if we get along that's my whole frame okay。

So I call that the abrasive gentleman frame or being respectfully bold。Being respectfully bold。

So you're bold in your expressions， but you're still aware of how you're making her feel on a moment to moment basis。

 if there's ever a time where she's like， you talk to there her and she goesh。

You're aware that I'm sorry you know I've gone too fast let me just notice the caught you off guard。

 you're probably not used to hearing that let me start over again， hey。

 what's up I'm Madison right you ing youve notice that she ever crosses her arms or like lays back or grabs her friend's arm and say we have to go to the bathroom soon right those are all social cues。

 be aware of the social cues， take the social cues in。And as you take them in， adjust。

 but you're being bold but respectful。 Okay that's the balance。' It's never just dick。

 You just want to be di。You know， you don't want to be just like the cocky with the fuckcker。

 You don't want to be that guy。 Okay， Nobody likes the cock with her。

 At first they respond to it because it's shocking It's like， oh。Right， but then after what County。

 it's annoying and belligerent。 It's like， oh， it's too much。

 It's like it's like a harsh sun like beating down in New York， the Vegas sun and like。You know。

 lunchtime， 12 o'clock and you're like geez， I was like come on give me a break 102 the other day。

 12 frenhees， that what it was like geez give me some shade every once in a let mean balance it out every once in a while okay so you want to be respectful and pulled。

You want to be a little bit abrasive。Take some risks。 not always be the nice guy。 Take some risk。

 Maybe say something always isn't right。 offendend people sometimes if you're expressing yourself。

 Maybe don't have your sense of humor。 you see me up here making it like Jamaican African jokes。

 stuff like that。 everybody's laughing。 It's kind of for me。

 But then I take that feedback and I just right， So I'm being embracebrasive。

 but also be a gentleman about it。 also have some manners。 I really。

 really pride myself on on virtue， loyalty， honesty having a moral code of some kind。

 I really pride myself on all that because it balances it out。

 You don't want to be like this asshole guy for reason the fuck is up。 It's like。

 fuck me or fuck off。 Like you don't be that guy。 know， because that'll give you some success。

 You'll get some girls who just like had aive dads。 get a lot of girls who work next door。

P boom Ching， all right， you'll get a lot of that。 But then like the more emotionally healthy girls。

 sound girls that you're actually trying to pursue。No。

 not saying that they're doctors or lawyers but the girls who have more。

 the girls you want to resonate with for a long term relationship that's emotionally healthy are going to be girls that need you to balance it off with the gentleman as well。

 It's got to have that graceful balance。 you know， I call it like tender aggression。

 It's another way you can think of it tender and aggressive。 you're aggressive。

 but you're tender at times。 She has to know that you're willing to。

Pull her hair and spank her ass when the time is right， but also still open a door。Makes sense。没。

Yeah。那儿。です。Yeah。可。I have dad。So以为。She's a bartender she's a bartender look out。It doesn。

I'll be back and I'll try this one more time。Yeah。T。I said， I'll come back and I'll try to take you。

People were drink one more time。Okay。At the table。It's not the drink， it's the boy。

It's not for the drink， it's towards the boy， man。I could teach you it。🎼にしかたす。あれを。🎼No这个人个便呢。Yeah。

🎼What do you want to do。I want to walk over there。And I want to get myself a drink。You have a table？

I have my own over there a table we have a bar we have a bottle table a table。エルテツ。

I don't care for the table。What you like my friend？道。Do you understand？Think about it， I'll be back。

Geting really。