# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：18 任务，英雄接受考验 - 在舞池里冥想 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Welcome my friend to the missions Here you are ready to receive the secret mission if you dare。

 This mission will be interesting if you choose to accept it。

 it will dramatically change your life Now I want to give you an idea about what these missions are all about okay these missions are gonna be about seduction and dating they're gonna be about stretching your comfort zone these missions are going be about getting out of your own way right looking at anxieties and fears handling those and also just putting you in unknown circumstances I think a lot of game or why I got as good as I was at pickup is because I used pickup as a tool to step into the unknown Sam kind of clear you're gonna use as you go for a deal or a new project and you're not really sure what's gonna happen and you look for all these assurances around you and say what I'm doing the right move。

 you don't know and then you still kind of go for it anyways。

 because you think it's the right thing to do make a judgment call you make that decision。

And you're okay at that judgment call being right wrong that's what I want I want you to get comfortable with making judgment calls and having them possibly be wrong and also making judgment calls and having them be right。

 but I want you to sit in the unknown， I want you to start to learn to come at one with when you don't know something's going to happen。

 I want you to get comfortable the fact that you don't know what's going to happen next right so。

In addition to that， I want kind of explain the way I'm going to do these missions。

 So we're gonna to get to these missions。 maybe one week， I think will be a fair rate for you。

 one a week， you repeat the mission several times in a week if you want。 Once you do the mission。

 I recommend that you post it in the boss group， Okay， the boss Telegram group。

 you post your results there your experiences， I'm gonna read it。

 Other people in the community you're gonna read it。 other people in Bos Nation are going read it。

 Okay by doing that， it allows to get feedback from other people say， hey。

 what are they doing that I'm not doing， What are their experiences。

 You get to learn from your own experiences。 You get to learn from the experience also。

 very everybody around you， which is priceless。 So you to see it several different viewpoints。

 several different angles。 So it's irreplaceable， You get to learn a lesson。 How many times over。

 How many times。Multiple times you get to learn that same lesson over so that's what I want for you it's priceless feedback because you know you might learn something from your perspective but when you hear somebody else's perspective。

 you learned lesson twice and you learn it from a new point of view and new information things you can even imagine so you learn that much faster which is really。

 really incredible so post it into the Facebook groups。

 post it into the boss groups on the phone apps， whatever you need to do and I'll read it as well I'll give you some feedback I'll comment I'll help you with things that you're struggling with if I see that you're posting regularly you're making the effort now with these missions as well you're gonna notice。

At first， they start off really simple。Really， really simple。 And that's intentional。

 That is on purpose。 Okay， that's on purpose。 It's a lot like a martial art。

 my assistant was telling me， It's a lot like a martial art， because。A martial art。

 you don't get to do the roundhouse kick right away。

You don't get to do the spinningitting heel kick like with that guy from that game tech in。

 You don't get to do the Bruce Lee nunchuck move Ba cream Abdulja bar。 You don't get that right away。

 Take some time to get to that。 It's not something that happens overnight。

 And that's intentional because you want to have a solid foundation。 Look， everybody's game pickup。

 They're looking for the next big line。 They say， what's the line， man， what's the line。

 And I can give you the line。 But if you don't have any depth。To it。

 then the line doesn't really even matter。 Okay， there's no depth to it。

 So the line doesn't even matter because the girl looks at you。 She's like。

 what is this shaky this flaky eggs shellll surface got going on here， Like there's no。

 She knocks it。 There's no depth here。 There's nothing going on on the inside side。

 So I want to build you the depth。And then I'm going to give you the more challenging ones and more hard exercises when it's time。

 but it's that progression that slow and steady progression， just practicing on form。

 practicing on form， practicing on form， that's going to make it have depth in the long run and have that sort of soil of your personality and your character built then when you go through the harder things it's second nature and it's a different color to it。

 it's more fidelity to it more quality to it so your first mission is this。

I want you to use all of your awareness training， remember we did some awareness exercises。

 breathing， feeling your body， right， we did all those。

I want you to use that awareness training and when you go out either tomorrow or tonight。

 I want you to meditate on the dance floor。So you find a spot， you。

 you find the most chaotic spot of the dance floor。You go there， you stand straight。Okay。

 you feel the weight beneath the heels of your feet。You feel the balance of your body。

You feel a tenseness in your legs， where's tenseness， where is looseness？You stand straight。

You feel a tenseus in your shoulders， your chest north your body， your neck。

Relax your jaw a little bit， while let the jaw just crack there， right， relax your jaw a little bit。

Last your years。Your facial muscles。And start to breathe。

I want you to feel nothing but your breath coming in and out， breathe in for a few seconds。

 maybe three。Hold it for account of two。Breaath out for Canada of3。Pause for two。

Brethe the a different count of three。That's what I want you to do。

I want you to do it for the length of a song， okay？And the reason I want you to do that is because。

When you're on the dance floor。It's going stimulate，'s going to be like stimulation。

 it be like the world throwing chaos at you and before we do awareness in the comfort of your home。

 but I can do it in the real world with your eyes open and everything too right so you're going to be in the middle of the dance floor and the world's when youre throwing chaos at you。

thhrowing stimulation at you throwing anxiety， throwing all these kind of feelings in your direction。

 and your brain is going to naturally want to go。And divert to those negative feelings or negative thoughts you usually have。

 I want you to kind of catch those thoughts， see them。

Notice they're happening and still come back to focus。

 come back to the center and it's going to be a phenomenal skill to have because you'll be able to do on a dance floor if you can do it on a dance floor and what you will be able to do on a dance floor once you've done this exercise and youll be able to do it anywhere else in the world。

 anywhere else in life and call upon the skill when you need it instantly they'll be there at your fingertips at your disposal whenever you want so I think it's gonna be phenomenal for you again post your results。

 post your comments， your questions about it I will look into those the rest of people in the community the nation are're going to look into those as well and that's your exercise this week。

 that's your only mission。And then when you come back， you're done。

Do it a few times this week and next week， mission number two， all right。

 see you in a bit and keep up fighting the good fight， keep in touch on re strand， cheers。

