# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：发现你的动力（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Welcome back。 Wecome back。 Thank you for joining me again。

 It's you on your path of journey and mastery， Sediscovery。 And you're really just owning it。

 I commend you for that。 commend you for sticking with it。 You know。

 a lot of people probably trail off。 They say， know there's a new book that comes out。

 People buy a new book。 They only read the first 10% of it。 and they trail off。

 So I want to congratulate you for sticking with this and continuing to move forward and just killing it and crushing it every single way possible。

 All right you are a part of the family。 You're part of the tribe。 You are the boss bros。

 that's the new name we coming up with boss bros So that's how refer to you。 You know。

 anybody who goes through program and takes it seriously and goes through all the chapters and they see me out in the street or at a club or at a free tour event or whatever。

 and they're like hey man， God boss I' this is what it did for me。 I'm like hey。

 man you like a brother to me。 know， So thank you for being part of that brotherhood。

 Now today's video iss all about adding on what we have already adding talking before。😊。

It's all about drive。 That is the key for today， drive and drive is one of these interesting qualities because sometimes in your life。

 you'll feel like you have it。 you absolutely have drive and you're excited about the drive that you have And then other times in your life。

 you can't even find it。 if your life depended on it。 the drive is not there。 It's just gone。

 It's just missing。 It can't really grab it or own it the way you want to sometimes in your life。

 you're gonna have a goal It could be learning a new skill。

 you want to be I don I would say baseball Nobody learns as a new skill it could be painting drawing or learning how to work camera high equipment。

 It could be martial arts。 Whatever it is。 you have this goal in your mind。

 this idea of yourself in your mind for this new skill。 and you yourself how am I gonna grow on it。

 How I gonna develop it。 And the thing that's lacking really a lot of times this drive're like the drive really comes down to I think imagining something seeing a clear picture of yourself in your mind。

 achieving this goal or doing it day in day out。😊，Goal kind of like becoming a lifestyle part of your lifestyle and who you are on a day to- day basis。

 I think another person about another part of being a driven person is passion。

 So you need to be passionate about it。 How do you become passionate about something you think about it。

 you feel it。 you imagine all the feelings that it's gonna give you this goal is gonna give you this work ethic is gonna give you You imagine the happy points and you imagine the sometimes when you gonna be sad about it。

 you imagine yourself like pushing through it being resilient。

 So you're happy about that you're passionate because of it。

 I think another quality besides passion to be focus right So when you're focus and you're driven。

 you block out a lot of things that don't help you。

 you block out friends that don't help block out distractions。

 a big part of be successful is saying I say all the time saying yes to the right customers and saying no to the wrong customers。

 So that's saying no to girls that you should not go on a day with saying no to your buddy sometimes you can't go drinking with them saying no to certain。

😊，TV shows that don't educate you and enhance you saying no what it's important to say no。

 So keeping with that， the idea of being a driven person is really it's an emotional thing。

 You have a logical goal of what you want to achieve how you're gonna do it but big part of it is really just getting deep in your subconscious and imagine the feelings and feeling how it could possibly change your life and affect you and who you want to become and making that vision of yourself very。

 very strong。 So in the upcoming weeks and're actually gonna have you work on a vision board but before I do that I want you to kind get in touch with your feeling of drive and what it means to be a driven person So actually gonna recommend that you watch two movies this week or either one of these movies if you can only find if you can't find them thats both of them that's understandable but watch at least one of the movies this week set a time set aside a night for yourself maybe a Tuesday or Wednesday night or it's not busy a Sunday and watch one of these movies。

 take a pen and paper and take notes while you're watching the movie just write down some of the thoughts that come in your mind and complete set。

In the first movie I want to have you watch is a movie called the Short Game。

 It's actually about kids that learn how to play golf。

 kids that are world class at playing golf and the kind of star this movie is the younger brother of Anna corner Co So Annaor Co。

 the very famous tennis player She has a brother who's younger is this kid is just like the way he's talking about golf。

 the way he's imagining himself playing it， the way he talks about what it means the way he talks about his success that he's gonna have You can see kind of has a self- hypnosis and his brainwashing himself he talks about it very。

 very positively。 So what I want you to do is get an idea of how in love and how passionate and how the person throws himself into it to really embody the drive That's the goal right That's the idea that's a lesson here。

 how do you embody drive。 What does it look like to be a German person。

 how does it become part of your soul， How does it become deep down on a cellular level down to your bone marrow to every single。

😊，That you have。 how do you embody drive And I want you to see that in this kid who actually goes out and he wins the competition again in the movie。

 So it's not enough to just be driven。 You have to be driven and pragmatic at the same time。

 be driven and resourceful at the same time be driven and makes sense know it's not just about the emotional being driven also all factors that combined to make somebody who's gonna be a winner。

 somebody who's practical。 somebody who's pragmatic， somebody who is detailed。

 focus oriented process oriented strategy ambitious， visualizes lives it。

 breathes it has goals as strategy， says no to the right things。

 That's what to make somebody driven and successful。

 So I want you to watch that movie or if you can't watch it in addition to want to watch two movies。

 watching movies set set us about the resilient race car driver who's one of the most amazing F drivers that ever existed And the way this guy speaks about driving way he thinks about what he focuses about what it means to him。

 just kind of tracks somebody to。See the movie， he's incredibly， incredibly。

 incredibly magnetic personality。 people are just drawn to him。

 he is able to talk about things in a way that you listen to it。 it's just it's magical。

 the kind of things you can do because of the way he think about driving。

 the things you can do in a car。 its incredible。 So these movies when I watch them。

 they both change my life a lot。 You can't watch them on Netflix， you can watch them。

 I think you can rent it onulalu orula or whatever it's called in the States。 one of these things。

 very， very cheap movie。 You can even watch the center online。 I think it's on YouTube earlier today。

 so once you do this。 once you watch these videos。 I want you to do the homework assignment And that homework assignment is write your biggest things you notice about it。

😊，Wr the biggest things that you've gotten from this write them down in the comment sections in notes on the telegram。

 on the Facebook group and also write how you notice it relates to you and how you can improve in those areas。

 that's three things。 right what your biggest takeaways are what you noticed you can improve and what you plan to do about it and how these characters kind of just impacted you right So that as your assignment for right now。

 I want to thank you guys again for watching And as always keep in touch and don't be as strange。

