# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：服务标准（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

嗯。Hey， what's up， welcome to this week's mission now this week's mission is very interesting。

 I'm going to explain to you my philosophy behind it and I'll explain to you what you do and why。

How it all starts really is your development as a person。 At first。

 you have no boundaries and you have no standards for yourself。

 people can kind of walk all over you in your doormat， right And as you develop。

 you start to develop some standards and boundaries and you become more a grown， mature。

 grounded person。 Now， this happens in a few ways。 initially back before in the day when people walk all over you。

 you would have a clash of your world with their world。

 And you would kind of like not really hold your own。

 you kind of go always close to whatever they wanted。

 And that line in the sand was always kind of drawn in their favor。 Now what you have to do。

 hopefully as you go through this course and you develop， you develop some boundaries。

 you develop some values and you have a way that you see the world。

What happens is that line that used to be always in the favor of other people。

 that line now comes closer to where you want it to be。

 So it's more balanced instead of like 80 percent to them 20% to you it's now gonna be like more of a 5050 So that's what you get to develop。

 and sometimes it takes the action of saying yes to situations and sometimes the action of saying no so how do you practice this in your life。

 I know one guy I actually had to boot camping the other weekend he's like he wanted to say no to the whole world and he decide to go into the woods for two years and just stay in the woods for two years and not talk to anybody。

 that's his way of saying like a big mill finger to the world。

 it's his way of rebelling Now not asking to rebel against the whole world。

 what I'm gonna to ask you to do just rebel slightly every once every few days throughout the week。

 that's it this rebel slightly once a few days throughout the week and it's not gonna to be rebellion it's gonna be because。

It's gonna to come from a new place of you just appreciating people interacting with you in a good way。

 you appreciating good service， youre appreciating people being fair to you。

 you appreciating people being smiling to you the way you are being to them so what am we ask you to do the mission for this week okay very very simple is I want you to go out as you go to the clubs or you go to restaurants or maybe you take a taxi and I want you to not tip。

Okay， I want you to not tip when the service is poor。

Or it's less than like a three star service or it's a two star service。

 so they have that little scale， like you know like say for Uber for example。

 they have like one to five stars， we have a two star service， do not tip and explain why。

Now you only heard me the story before， but I had a story where I was in Vegas once and I was with Max and I drove up to the I think it was one of the hotels of Cosmo and the taxi far was $13 and I gave the guy $15 and the guy was like what I can't whipt my ass with $15 guy got all pised off at me because he gave him a $2 tip and honestly the guy was so rude I would have tipped to more if I had but he was so rude I couldn't even tip them more he just totally just was just arrogant about it。

 he felt entitled to it he was moody he was blasting some weird music he was on a cell phone screaming at somebody and he still felt entitled to an amazing tip which really isn't fair so I want only reward great service Now he look at Uber for example。

 Ubers are interesting because I used to want to give people that drove Ubers four stars the baseline and then I wanted to maybe only give five stars for exceptional service he look at a guy like Owen Owen says hey man everybody to drives Uber is just trying to make a buck so give them five stars even if it's okay even it's okay because I trying to make a buck to trying to survive right。

Another way for a second， sometimes part time job。So you have to decide where you're actually your line of service is going to be and you need to execute that at every interaction that you have financially all right。

 so when you go to a restaurant and then the waiter， if you messsses up the order。

There's a tip bad you to decide that if you go to the bar and you order a drink just because the bartender poured you a drink like from one bottle into a glass doesn't mean that they're entitled to a tip。

 that's the baseline service if they're late with it if they're late with not getting you to drink if they go get somebody else to drink and they forget about you then maybe you shouldn't tip them or maybe you should tip them just a little bit less up to you decide where that line is gonna be but essentially I think there should be some interactions where you don't tip Now culturally this is different around the world。

 culturally sometimes in like I think some places in Europe it's considered rude to tip in North America a tip is like kind of like if you don't tip me。

 then you're the bad person for not tipping me they kind of go lazy on the service So I mean culturally there are some differences。

 you have to decide but generally what you want to do is you want to go out。This week。

 two or three places and when the service is poor do not tip it's going to be a moment。

 it' going to be an awkward moment where they look at you， they're like。And you just kind of say。

 hey， you know， I'm sorry， I didn't think the service was what I expected。Right or hey。

 know hopefully you'll be service to be better next time and have that conversation that dialogue with them all right it's gonna be a little bit confrontational I want you to sit in the moment of it being confrontational。

 don't run away from it， sit in that moment of it being confrontational and don't be aggressive about don't like attack them。

 sit in the moment of being confrontational， appreciate that it is there and inspire them ask for them to do better next time so that's it for now that's this week's mission go out go to a bar。

 go out to a club， go to a restaurant， go out to an event go somewhere。And if the service is poor。

 do not tip and explain why all right， I want to see your reports on this post them in the Facebook group when you do it。

 post it in the phone app when you do it so I can respond and and give you guys feedback from what you're doing it all right。

 thank you so much and enjoy。