# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：23 开幕式 - 社会意识 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Opening so the first chapter we're going to do is opening。

 Then after that we're going to do the technical mechanics of opening。We're going to do。

Skills of opening。Nuanced game skills， physical game， verbal game， hooking， sexual hook point， vibe。

 closing， that will be the end of it， all right？So opening， let's start off with the opening。

When I think about opening。The first thing I think about is understanding what's happening in front of you Pick is not just going and doing an approach。

 It's not just doing an approach。 This is the number one mistake a lot of guys have。

 especially guys are kind of nervous right you're like。

 all right just just work myself into like a little frenzy if I get pumped up I can do this I'm just gonna get excited。

 Okay excited and it's like ejaculate their nervousness onto the girl or into the situation in front of them because you're just so wrapped up。

' like trying to get out of your own way you're so nervous and anxious about what this approach means if it means you're good if you're bad the girl will accept you。

 the girls out of your league， you're so wound up of what it means that you're not。At us。

 you know what。Assessing the dynamic， Okay， so that's number one， right that down end。

 assessing the dynamic。The first thing in opening is assessing the dynamic。

You have to assess the dynamic。 You have to assess what is happening in front of you。

 You have to assess it。 So it's not just do approach。Get pumped up， to approach， get pumped up。

 to approach， get pumped up， to approach， get pumped up to approach check，nk to approach， right。

 it's not just that。What is this do approach？Take feedback。Not like a rejection， not personally。

 take the feedback， this says information， don't get emotionally involved in it， take the feedback。

Adjust。Do approach。Adjust to approach。Adjust， this is working。 This is not working。 Oh。

 this is do more， do more of what's working。 adjustjust ding， ding， ding success。

 You have to assess the dynamic， Okay， and you also have to assess the dynamic of what's going on with people in front of you。

 You have to look at them and try to understand them。Not manipulate them。

 just try to understand their subjective experience， try to understand what they are going through。

 what are they feeling right now， What could that girl possibly be feeling she's running really fast I she late for something is she going somewhere is she in a hurry。

Is she nervous， Is she happy， What could she possibly be feeling， Is she excited， iss she scared。

If I walk up the her and I go， you。What's her， how is she going to receive that。

 what is she going to be going through internally， what is she feeling， what is she thinking。

 what is her subjective experience， be aware of what her subjective experience is。

 game is not just going up and busting your load， your social load。It's back and forth， okay？

So you can call that you can even call that empathy really right empathy is the ability to put yourself into somebody else's shoes to sympathize with them。

 understand what they could possibly be going through。

 how are they going to receive your approach that's assessing the dynamic before I do any approach I look and I see what's going on in front of me and I tweak that information in my mind I'm like okay。

 I see this， I see this， I see that， I see you're walking fast， I see her clutching her purse。

 I see her， or maybe I see her wobbling is she drunk is high heels do her feet hurt。

 right I'm taking these little bits of information saying okay， let me go and understand her。

And you'd be surprised because that will do a lot for you in your approach， right， you know。

 the average， like back in the day， the average was the construction worker approach。

 like that's like the approach， right， like that's the typical joke。 What is he not doing。

 He's not taking any awareness of her experience you if you just just walk up to a girl and make her aware that you're aware of her experience。

😊，Oh， man。Just like shit blows up。 It's crazy。 It's crazy。 She's like， oh， wait a second。

 Here's a guy who cares about how I feel。 Basically， here's a guy who's not just all about himself。

 he's somewhat aware of how I feel。 Maybe he doesn't care， at least he's aware。

 He has social awareness。 That's it。 You can you can hookets。

 You can do approaches with bad game and just be socially aware of how she feels and let her know you know how she feels and it opens and it goes well。

Okay， so that's number one。 assessing the dynamic。 Numb two is angles of approach so。

Angle approaches this。I'm on boot camp pretty much every weekend end of the month， and Ill see。

 I have my student here。 I'll say， go and talk to that girl right over there。And oftentimes。

 let's say the girl is standing here。 Okay， this is the girl。I am the girl。

And the students over here。Okay， and I'm like， go talk to that girl， He'll do this。

Tap her on the shoulder from behind I'm like， well the fuck pull them out there and I'mssed off Wait how many times do I got to tell you I'm pissed off because I tell them every single day on bootc the angle of the approach sometimes matters more than the fucking approach。

The angle of the approach matters more than the actual approach I will say this to you probably about 100 times in a day and you will still got do it。

 but it's good to know the angle of the approach matters more than the approach if you approach from behind you're dead already。

 you're dead in the water dead it doesn't matter how good your game is if your approaching from behind。

 it's not going work， you must get in the front， you must get around and square up even if it's awkward。

I want you to make it awkward at first， so it doesn't have to be awkward later on。

If you're afraid to get in front and make it awkward at first。

 you're afraid to make it awkward later on， you're afraid to get an erection in front of her essentially like a social erection。

 she's like， oh this guy can't even get in front of me。

 how's he going to protect me when the bar fight breaks out。

 how's it going to protect me when I lose my job and you know， we got to pay rent？

It says so much about you from that first millisecond so you need to get in front。

 getting in front is the most important thing now a few ways to get in front。Allright。

 let's do it this way。If you have a girl walking and she's actually just walking。

 what I recommend you do is you physically walk like in front so you're over your shoulder and talking to her over your shoulder for a bit until it socially hooks okay until she kind of just stop so you stop and a conversation starts get awkward get in front of it like this is walking if she's not walking it's a big mix it like one。

 two， three， four girls what I want you to do is actually get like in front like this。

And talk to the four girls。Physically， put yourself shoulder to shoulder， gentlyie says， square up。

Okay， square up。Shoulder to shoulder， eyes to eyes。

Now if you're at a bar like this actual bar and somebody's ordering a drink。

 you could just in there like this， you could just kind of go like that。

 that'll be fine enough shoulder to shoulder you like hey。

 stop ordering your drink and turn around and look at me like you don't have to do that but the more square it up you can get the odds of your success are better。

 you must square up， you must get in front okay？This will happen over and over again。 if you。

 if your opens aren't going well， chances are you're not squaring up getting in front of the angle of the approach。

 now spsing of the angle of the approach。Talking about， let's say a girl's walking。

You don't want to be having be like two bullets colliding。 she's walking this way。

 you just like walk straight into her。 Okay， not like two bullets colliding。

 You want to have a little bit of a slight angle。 So a B line is that straight line。 Okay。

 A B line means you go from A to B。That's a B line， Okay， A to B， you don't want to do this。

 You don't want to do the S。you don't want to do this。But in a nice like little gradual curve。

 you feel the stages is curved， a nice little gradual curve。Is okay。

Because if you approach somebody directly straight on like a shark。

 you're going to freak the fuck out。Especially it from a distance。

 like this girl was like walking straight like to the subway the metro， you're like。Right straight。

 it's it's going to freaker out， okay？I am。 actually shes not。 You're the local。

During that good Toronto crappe experience， you get the veggie one， nice， hey， have a great day， bye。

Okay， so you see， I wait until they were like，huh， what ah？

I wait until they're likehuh what and then I stop I don't try to stop them before I wait until they pop wait until they go what or they laugh or whatever then I go for the handshake because that's how you do a moving set you also watch the speed that they're walking at oh my gosh。

Yeah。She looked concerned。That's their drunk friend See I'm feeling the group dynamic right she was into it。

 and the girl behind was like so I didn't even see those people behind when I saw the original girl and I saw that the other girls did not like it at all。

 So yeah just the gauge I saw like the girls was like hostile for the second home and I I saw she was a little bit drunk。

 I didn I didn't really want to go all the way with a drunk girl So I just wanted to show you guys that So you understand like I'm doing what I want to do。

 but I'm thinking what's going on in a little group right now and then I go and I game that。

 I don't like ignore it。 I still game it anyways。 a guy and a girl hey how do I get this girl hey investigate The idea is you want to go up but at least investigate。

To see what's happening， at least go up and investigate and see。You know， what situation is。

 don't assume see， assume there's two guys and a girl， I would assume they're both gay。

But let's find out let's be curious let's go see what's going on here you know hey what's going on here hey how you guys doing what's going on here like just see because you never know。

 could be a friend， could be a gay guy， could be a brother， could be guy from work。

 could be an exit she kind of wants to break up with and use the ball to approach her so she just goes to you instead nail the exactly exactly you know you never know what is so I just always recommend going in and investigating that's how you judge how fast they're going and kind of play to that speed Okay cool fuckinging around。

I'm fucking around kidding nice to meet you。 I'm trying to get to Uber。 I'm really upset it too too。

're like， yeah yeah I'm gonna to hop in you Uber。 Yeah thing they don't have an Uber account Where are you going。

I'm trying to get to Braton。Dude， I'll take you to Branson。

Yeah at least be able to like do something really good for me if you want to go to granted I'm going。

probablybably going to grab out some food and apple party。5ive minutes here。Yeah。

 if I were to give you $60。Yeah，This's all they have on me， I don't have credit， potentially。Ro。

You did it， you missed what I did， it was amazing。Yeah， we。I'm like an Olympic expedite liberal。

 everybody gets nervous around me。That's an actual Olympic sport。か是ね。I would like have it。

50 shades of gray。好打的。危险。I love I love it， a lot of people didnt like shade the grade。ま。went so。🎼下是我。

got really， it's a very unique very unique。I've never experienced violence。 I like it though。

Like an African dialect。喂我 no no no no。I like how it was a very unique， I'd never really been a pro。

Right， I got get points for that。 now what should I give you points for？

