# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：41 细致入微的游戏技巧 - 证据理论 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。So evidence theory， evidence theory is the idea。Evivans theory is the idea that no matter what you do。

 your actions speak louder than words， okay， no matter what you say。

 your actions speak louder than words， okay， write that down， okay。Action speak loud in the words。

 So what does that mean All of us can walk up to a girl。Any girl be like， just so you know。

 young lady。I'm a very alpha guy， very cool， very confident， I got my shit together。She said。

 look at you go。Prove it。Who the fuck are you to say that you have your shit together right action like words are just words anybody can say anything a girl can't invest her time and life into you just based on your words。

 Word are nothing you know the expression talk is cheap， talk is really cheap， social media is crazy。

 Instagram， Facebook Snapchat， Twitter Ra around podcast。

 YouTube everybody's talking talk is cheap The doers are gonna be the ones who show it。

They show to prove。They show it， they don't say it， okay so as a guy。

You want to get in that habit the talk is cheap， you want to show who you are through your behaviors。

 not through your words， a favorite quote of mine is by Ralph Waldo Emerson。And he says。

 what you do speaks so loudly that I can't even hear what you say。Think about that for a second。

 what you do speaks so loudly that I can't even hear what you say。All right。

Anybody have a company here， I think there' was a couple people here。

 I saw that put your hands and Bill Walsh and Dere was here， okay a lot of company owners came。

A lot of company owners， when you guys， if you if you don't have a company。

 you can still relate to this。 If you have a company you want to buy。

 you want to hire some employees。Guess what， you're like， I want this skill， I want this skill。

 I want this skill， and everybody that applies says I have that skill。

 magically everybody has that skill that you want。They're all going to fake it。

And so what you got to do， you got to do an interview process to make sure the people that apply for the job actually have that skill and even the ones that say they have it and get the job。

 they're probably going to fake it a little bit， they're going to over exaggerate their ability to do the job because they want to get paid。

 obviously they want to get some money and then a couple of weeks down the road you're like。Bill。

 who said he had graphic design work only used MS paint， he exaggerated his graphic design abilities。

 no， no， no， Bill， right so you can look at that situation go， oh damn it， fuck。

 it's the same thing for a girl。The girl wants you want to invest your time and your energy or money if you have a business。

 and the girl wants to invest her energy and time， but she can only invest this time。

 spend this time with a guy who's actually what he say he is。

And she knows that through your behaviors， not even your words。

 so evidence theory is all throughout the night this okay all throughout the night or through the day or the pickup or whatever it is。

 there's gonna be moments where the girl looks at you， where you are gonna be faced with adversity。

 you're going to be faced with challenges， and shes to see how you roll with those punches。

 how you roll with some challenges， what are some challenges that are going to come up in。

 shout them out。Logistics， boom。Friends。Those are all the same。Other guys？谢在。What was that？

They're blowing you out man social pressure is a good one。What？Anti self defense， here's some other。

 she loses her cell phone。Right。She gets too drunk。What are some others。

 she gets in a fight with another girl。Right， her friends don't like you， you get rejected。

 There's gonna be all these things that happen throughout the night。

 And she's looking at all these milestones to see how you handle them。

 how you handle be selling the conscious thing It' it could be a subconscious thing。

 She wants to see what you're made of how does he handle this challenge when it comes up。

 how does he handle this problem。 And if you can handle these problems。

 it says more about you than your words ever could。 So myself。You know， when there's。

Let me go through a few of them here just make it really practical for you guys myself。

 when I going into an approach， I don't try to avoid friends looking at me。

 I stand right in the middle of it and I take all the eyes on me。

 take all the social pressure because the fact you can stand there or do that says this is a guy who can take social pressure。

 he must be confident in other areas， he must be successful in other areas right that makes sense。

So the standing there， taking the social pressure says a lot。 There's going to be other times。 also。

 too， an approach where， you know， an interaction where。

Let's say she has to she likes you but her friend is being bitchy to you， how do you handle that。

 how you handle it says a lot about you the the cock block as we say right how do you handle that。

 I don't know， but from personally I'm like oh your lesbians that's cute I've never heard that before it's really it's really original okay that's cool Yeah so who's the butch who wears the pants in the relationship do you pull your hair do you spankker out I don't care as long as I can film it put it on YouTube right。

However you handle it says a lot about you。Some other ones it's going to be a she's really hot。

's gonna to be a guy in her group， how do you handle the guy if you try to be just chill the guy and cool to the guy it says you're comfortable with other dudes threatening you or being a threat to your girl how do you lead around the bar do you take her by the hand and clear the path of people in the way like hey come come I got you don't worry。

Do you take control the situation， are you assertive in the club。

 what are some other obstacles that come up in the night？You guys can' to go out， you don't know。

All right， cool， so there's a bunch point there's a bunch right in my opinion there's only about seven or 10 obstacles that can come up in night and those seven or 10 obstacles they repeat every single fucking night and they say more about you。

 I encourage those situations， I want to jump into those situations。

 I want to happen you know what it like sometimes I even do this， I even fabricate those situations。

I'll go and I'll encourage a situation that' fabricated to happen that way it's like I can just win。

You know， like before we talk about mother daughter sets where you walk in and you're like， oh。

 two adorable sisters or whatever the shit was。If you can do that， how much do you think。

 how easy you think the pull is？Very easy。 It's no effort required because she has all the evidence up front。

 remember， first five seconds， first five minutes。 She's all the evidence up front of what kind of a person you are。

 And she trusts you。 said， well， this guy seems to you know。

 a normal person couldn't handled situation。 He did。 I'm very He's very confident in himself。

 He handled it smoothly and he had social accountability。 He's not weird。 Yeah， I like this guy。

 I like this guy。 He could be a champ。 I made a video before called how how to let her know that you're that guy。

And a girl will break her rules for that guy。 like''s funny thing， right， So check it out。

A lot of girls will tell you， if you call girl right now that you really like you're attracted to。

 Maybe she， you met her one day， you got her phone number。So most like you say。Hey， what's up。

 you're like， hey， what's up， by the way， I want to see you on Friday and should go，oo， I'm sorry。

I have plans fri。Okay， what about Saturday？Yeah， I would love to。

 I would totally love to see you Saturday。 I want to see you I'm down， I'm down。

 but it's Sarah's birthday， Sarah's birthday Friday， Saturday， Co cool。 maybe Sunday I would。

 but then I gotta go to the barbecue into this church thing I'm sorry。 How about next week。

You guys get that？Yes， no yeah I know too everybody gets that right so what happens is if you had initially showed her that you were the guy that guy with the evidence up front that wouldn't happen because everybody will make time for that guy you will cancel on some cool things to be with cooler things pretty much you'll cancel cool situation to be in cool situations everybody in this world is just kind of hold out for the coolest the best offer。

 the coolest situation right so the more these challenges that you can defeat these obstacles that come up the cooler You are。

 the more you are that guy Ryan Holiday a book called The obstacle is the Way so it's kind of like that the more obstacles you can defeat or overcome or gives her the evidence that you are who you say you are makes sense。

wass that。I don't know， I don't know what it is， just something about you。

 very angel you capivate my attention， I mean。Sorry with that。 Well， thank you。And then by the way。

 also the way you say hockey， hockey is adorable， is that a road the way you just pulled that move right there？

It was like， hello， I know， I know， I'm so， I'm so obvious。And I be the guy we went to a movie。

 I feel like。おい？Oh。That would totally be made。I would totally what you mean。I will do。24。と。

Thats how old do you think I am， everybody thinks I'm like way younger than I actually am。

So you say that。say 32。Accurate， 33。AAre you intimidated by older guys？No， of course not。

 You I have older guys hitting you up all the time。 You're pretty smart， by the way。

 you're smarter than people probably give you credit scores。Yeah， yeah。

 you' because I had blond hair and blue eyes and I'm pale and I'm pretty。No， you're very sharp。

 I mean， you're mentally sharp。 you're like， oh'm way， it's the water。The water， but it's the girl。

 It's me。I mean， I grew up with two older brothers。What are you studying， by the way。

 like if you're in school are you working？I studied communications and marketing and I work at a soccer Academy So Academy。

I love you。I love you。I like to embrace this moment。はい everybody。Cool， I do public speakings。

 Ca you want to know。 That's why I'm so like。Cha chatter box meee over here， ho speaking。

 I travel when I do that all I said， it' was pretty cool。喂外快离。Come with me。 Come。 I don't know。

 I'm shy。 Come。 Come on， your hands。 What are you going to do， What are you going do with me。

I want you to meet this man Hi， I don't know what happened but I'm here now is my roommate Sarah。

 I want you to say hello Sarah， Sarah hi， I'm Madison。じな一回。あわいちね。Hi。

 this is my roommate Sarah and I feel like we would be。All three of us。

 wed all become one one organism。Why， because of what I do？我第一天。外面。Oh。

