# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：13 野心 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Let's talk about ambition， ambition， ambition。 You like rap music， D， D。

 every rap music is pretty crazy， right， Like get laid a Dirine。 Actually that' Je's book。

 get richer Di tryingrine。 You know， I think Wallet has a song called my ambition。

 Drake's got a sign like， you know， she will。😊，Every every rap has got a song about ambition to come up。

 You know， Jay's not， can I live， It's all about the ambition， right， the ambition of our culture。

 the ambition of this day and age to get what yours， get what you deserve， hustle， focus， crush it。

 grind， pimp it， go， go， lock in， hustle。The idea， the hustle， the idea of ambition， really。

 really cool。 I think a lot of people want to be entrepreneurs， even shit。

 A lot of people shouldn't be entrepreneurs。😊，The joke around entrepreneurs is you can be an entrepreneur。

 work anytime you like， anytime in the 24 hours， Even all of them， if you're an entrepreneur。

 So let's talk about the idea of ambition now。If you're getting this boss program and you're watching this boss program。

 hopefully doing the exercises， doing the course， right， you've done them so far。

 you've written down your written statement， your values are release， right。Al， hope hope you did。

 Okay， if you haven't done that， pause and do that right now。 don't just watch this informatively。

 if you do that， it's just gonna suck， you'll get nothing from this。

 it'll be the same other fuck over again。 So go back to those exercises if you have not done so far now。

Now that you've done them。 welcomee back to ambition。 So ambition， the idea of ambition。

 What is ambition， ambitionition is the desire to do more goal to do more， be more， all that stuff。

 you've gotten boss， you want to do all that。 Okay， I think with ambition。

 it is motivation in motion。😊，That is ambition to me， motivation in motion。 So if you are motivated。

 you're motivated individual。 Okay， you have a motivation。What do you do that motivation。

 You actually apply it。 You apply it。 just something you think and feel。 I'm motivated。 You know。

 I'd really like to do this。 I'd really like to do that。 I'd be good at this。 I'd be so good at this。

 My friends say I'd be great at public speaking。 I want to be a public speaker。 I want to， you know。

 my friends say that I'd be so good。 I should open the bar。 I should， I'd be so。 I'm so good at bar。

 I'd be great。 Min drinks。 You're so motivated。 but。😊，You know， the ambition to execute。

 execute the motivation。 All right， That's what it comes down to。

 If you don't execute the motivation， you have done， right。 Later on。

 we're talking about fall through and execution， but。

The idea of motivation and ambition is to actually use it to move forward now。

 is ambition a good thing or is it a bad thing？It plays both ways。 Think about this。

 Aition can be harmful。 There are cons to ambition because ambition can have you sacrifice a lot。

If you want to be guys crushing in a certain area， it's going to require a lot of unbalance for a while。

 so you're gonna be time times where you're not going to the gym。

 times where you're not eating healthy because you need to put your money into your business。

 there's going be times where you forsake your relationships There are going be times where ambition overwhelms you and you make decisions fast。

You shouldn't make。 You know， you signed that contract too fast， you。

Makeade that financial decision to get that credit card to borrow money or whatever is too fast and it screws you over。

 So ambition can be harmful。 But in a lot of ways as well， ambition can be useful。

 can help you to progress to get further to have goals and desires and chase those goals and desires to be more。

 etc ce。 If you've got boss， you probably ambitions。

 You want to be aspirational product right aspirational program。 you want to be a boss。

 you want to be bring out your boss characteristics。

 So ambition can be a positive thing or a negative thing。

 The way I think about ambition is this ambition is the gas in the car。😊。

So you already know where you want to go。 Hopefully， you have some goals。 You know what you could be。

 you know what you could do and you want to do them。

 So you have your car your hands on steer wheel and you foot the brake。

 but nothing happens unless there's some gas in there。

 ambition is what will drive you and get you to that goal。 Now。

 the thing about ambition is you're gonna need it in your hero's journey。

 you're gonna need ambition when you comes to slaying the dragon when it comes to killing the dragon。

 which is overcoming the obstacles because there's gonna be obstacles that you face that you're gonna go back and face now and you're not gonna do it the first time。

 know the boss is built around the idea of our hero's journey that once you take this quest on。

 you feel like you've changed and you go back to the world and you try to fight your dragons and battle your demons and you'll fail。

 the first time you're supposed to You're supposed to fail the first time， know， they say that。

90% of businesses closed in the first year。 So just by definition， that guys。

 a successful business guy should have least four or five failed businesses before that he's learned from right So you're gonna fail and you're gonna learn。

 The whole idea of pick up in game is that you go out and you fail a bunch of times。

 But you learn as you're failing。 And because you're going through that learning and feeling。

 you get better。 So you're gonna need ambition to fail。😊，Right have ambition to fail。

 have ambition to fail many times over， have ambition to fail big。

 you know if you're young or you're in your 20s and 30s or early 20s。

 you can fail fast and stay current because you have a lot of you don't have responsibilities。

 you don't have those things are weighing you down like family or a mortgage maybe necessarily so you can fail now but as you get older。

 it's hard to have those ambitions that fail so if you're an opportunity in your life where you can do it go big give it give it you're all there's a guy a free tour recently they ask me it's like Madison。

I want to go to Vegas。 and I want to learn this stuff。 and I want to put my life to it。

 and I want to learn game。 Whats gonna make be bankrupt Should I do it。 I was like， man。

 it's kind it's kind of crazy thing about going bankrupt for game。 I lost a few jobs。

 So I definitely don't recommend people lose jobs。 I went so much I didn paying attention to my job。

 So game I lost my job because the game。 I don't recommend you do that。

 But then I also said on the flip side， if youre do something big in your 20s。

 And if you were to go bankrupt ever。 you'd have five I think seven years of bankruptcy。

 then it get race from your file。 And theres different there's some credit laws between Canada and the US。

 you have different creditors。 So I just told everyone like， hey man。Whatever you decide to do。

 realize if you want to do anything big， now is your time you have responsibility。

 but still be cautious while you move forward right so I'm not telling you guys to do that。

 but just an idea how you want to balance out say I'm young， I'm ambitious。

 I want to do stuff now is really the time or maybe I'm older and I want to be more cautious to my ambition make decisions wisely。

 that's up to you to decide。 But either way the idea of ambition and the concept of ambition is something that's going dramatically affect you moving forward because you're gonna to be a lot of ambition when you're going to slow that dragon and you fail the first time。

 but don't worry you got this。