# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：51 钩子 - 性张力 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。那。原告。哎呀。Yeah。まから。Yeah。系。还有不是。Why did you laugh？So why did you laugh right there Well because that's like right Well it's because you threw was a little tension there right and I didn't run away from the tension so I'm saying just hey。

 its the word hey， but even that's kind of slow I'm still setting my own rhythm to it even when I walked up the stage I did at my own speed right so my approach started from over there it wasn't the words that I said so you can have the point I'm trying to make here is you can have very little words and still convey all that shit。

From the beginning， a， a， you， you you， don't， don't， don't。What I see， is that so really？

What is the name， what is the name？Cool。Asking my name。Good， how are we doing with that？Fair enough。

 what the fuck am I saying right， like I'm making some sort of sense。

 but it's more the cadences in my voice that she's picking up on。I walked over and I said， hey。

 and both of you guys laughed。It was the cadence of my voice， the rhythm of my voice。

 doing things in my own speed。So's I know it's going to be a mind fuck for you as a guy。

 you have to get out of your way and practice it a little bit。

 you have to get out of your way and play with it and you're not going to get it until。

You're not going to get it so you play with it a little bit。

 it's going to be weird at first it's going to be like ice skating you're likeh you're see like bambi and then movie fucking bambi with the deers like this and the legs are like is this sexual tension？

うわ。Fall over。 So it's gonna take some time。 And eventually you' be， oh， okay， this is it。

 This is how it feels。 because you you're you trying to do you're trying to figure out the internal dial of how it feels。

 You won't know how it feels until you dial that in and play with it a lot。 Okay。

 doesn't happen overnight。 happensens through going out and。😊，Doing this a lot。

 then eventually your legs are stronger， you can kind of just do it emotionally。It takes time。

 takes practice， emotional repetition。The question is when a girl's not being receptive。

 what do you do， what do you do， All right， she's really hot， she's kind of like bt。

Tse bait challenge to get her to open up。 I have something I call emotional bandwidth。

 Okay emotional bandwidth is like imagine the highway， like a one lane highway， two lane highway。

 three lane highway， four lane highway。 you can't get a girl to her bandwidth opens up。

 you can't get a girl until she's emotionally responding and receptive to you So you have to maybe teasba and challenge a little bit Also also my friend。

 the ability just to stand there and just to hold your own ground and not be like weird about the social pressure like to not flinch when you not responding to you is cool。

 that's good enough。 the ability to stand there like if I brought you guys on stage。

 maybe some of you guys to be like this。😊，You feel a little self conscious。You're on stage。

 the guy who would be the coolest guy on stage wouldn't be the guy that said the most cool shit could be the guy just stood there and he's like oh。

RightThere's no dialogue of judgment going on in his head。

 so the fact that if you can even walk to a hot girl， a stunning girl。

 she gives you no positive feedback and you just stay there with no judgment cycles going on in your head。

 she looks at you goesm， most men crumble when this happens。Hm all right。

 next time you asked me a question I answer， she might not give you shit for the first minute or so or 30 seconds。

 but I mean， you're better off doing that than not doing it。show some sort of resilience。

 like I said， you have to show these characteristics and your behaviors。

 no line or word that you're going to say is going to get you the nine， the stunner， the1。

 the whatever， it's going to be your behaviors， again， what you do speaks so loudly。

 she can't even hear what you say。It's all in your behaviors， talk is cheap。

 action speak louder than words， you have to stand there and show that you're the guy you're pretending to be that you're saying you're gonna to be hey what's up。

 I'm very cool man like okay you don't actually stand up be like， hey， what's up。

 nice to meet you want to come see you， what's up' how's going？Nice she' going go fine。Yeah。

 then you have to actually stand there and show her that she wanted to be her。

You got to put the pedal to the metal， the's tire to the fucking ground and make it happen。

 it's not even an act。I think right now you guys are looking at the words that communicate the behavior。

 there's no words that communicate the behaviors， it's the behavior that communicates the behavior。

It's purely behavioral based like like animal reptile fucking jungle。

 caveman behavior based it's almost no words like you should get to the point where you can even go out and you can like open girls with。

😡，Gmersh。A nursery rhyme， the alphabet。Whatever it is。

It's purely sub communications is what we're looking at here， only sub communication。

 sub communicationmun， sub communications。Now you can tease a hot girl to get her open up a little bit。

 but she's not gonna to go home with you because you teased her he said him saying that's not the definitive thing here it'll get you like an extra 10 seconds but it's not gonna to get you the result of what you want that's when they come from all those stuff I described so what It want you guys to do is this I want you guys to I don't want you guys to the fucking like sit here and analyze it。

Because brain analyzing the shit is not going to get you into it。

 Bra analyzing is just to make you more analyzing， it's not a math problem。

He had to go out and experience it， so luckily for you in Bo。

What I have is I have experiences I have missions and experiences。

 things that you go and you do when you live and they happen to you and they change who you are from the inside out because without the experiences this is just all head knowledge as awesome as this speech was you guys have a lot of fucking sick notes you have some good shit you wrote down it's just head knowledge just more information you guys are at an RSD seminar how many guys have been watching videos for a year show hands。

OkayMore than a year， hands up， two years， keep your hands up， three years hands up， okay。

 four years hands up， okay， and hands go down， your hands down okay。

 so you guys watching for one to five years， I don't think you need any more information。

Information is not the problem。Experiences are the problem in learning from those experiences。

 learning how to frame those experiences。L at growing from those experiences。

 pushing your comfort zones， challenging yourself， that's what's going to make the difference。

It's not going to be。Even the answer to your question。Yeah， because also too。

 the question that you're asking。Will be eliminated from if you do the things that I've said so far。

Every concern you have about what if the girl does this or how do I say this or how do Elmarkt。

 you can't solve it on paper or thinking it through。

 It will be solved through what I'm telling you if I。

I'll show you some infield shit just so you guys understand it a bit because I think it'll help to cement a little bit more。

 But at this point of my game， like I don't go out a lot for myself。

 usually on boot camp or whatever。 if I have a full night to myself。

 I'm going home with a model girl。 That's it。That's it pretty much any night。

Now if I sit down and I assess that stuff and think it through psychologically and plan it out。

 like try to assess every possible situation， I can do that to an extent。

 but I can't figure out like no man has figured out the studio of psychology that well。

 like every single man in the history of the universe。

 like including like Napoleon and like Marco Polo and all these mother fuckckerers。

 they lost their empires because they like tried to figure out the women's psychology and these dudes were smart。

 probably smarter than you and me。And more powerful。

 and there's destruction that was still came from trying to understand the female psychology and calculate it。

So that's not going to happen。 What is going to happen？

What is going to happen is that you guys are going to take it everything that given you and you're going to apply it in the real world and you're going to understand it in the real world。

 I want you to have real world practical application。Real world application。

 try this shit out for a month。You're in Vegas try out for the end of the week try out for a month and you're hearing a lot of speakers today and this week which go ahead and try it out and then come back to me with your question because right now your question is just a question it's like a question that doesn't exist once you actually try it and then you see the result like I tried it and this kind of happened then we can have a conversation about it but until now it's just like it's like。

It's like a phantom question， you know？Inchan。え。你是 name you哪。可。あった？ほら。あトま。A you ready go。YeahYeah。7。

Yeah。H，I。对。S。Yes。