# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：36 言语技巧 — 忍者方法 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。So speaking about the approach and direction of the approach。

What you want to do is avoid a ninja approach。So the ninja approaches when you're like trying to hide your desire and you're trying to hide the fact that you're actually doing an approach。

 like I'm on the bus。系。Do you know where this bus stop ends？Or the Starbucks approach。 Excus me。

 Ex me。 me， Ex me， Ex me。 Ex me。 Where's the closest Starbucks。Yeah， oh cool。Do you have a boyfriend。

 So you can to have a ninja approach verbally。 You also have a ninja approach physically。

 or you' just like。Even the way the guys do this tap could be really fucking bad right。

 because they'll see us in the RD videos doing this。

What I see most people do with the tap is to do this。It's like a little mosquito little。

The correct way to do is this。Very loose like it's a joke，Firm， but not like bam， bam， right。

 you want to make your presence known， you want to avoid being a ninja。

 the pickup ninja who does stealth pickup techniques and approaches that nobody knows about even her friends don't see it coming。

Why do guys do the N approach？Ex f and the safe。 It's safe。 If you do a ninja approach。

 you avoid all possible rejection， you can't be rejected。 It's not an actual approach。

Safe can't be rejected， and you don't take risk。 You're not willing to put yourself on the line。

 Okay， But the only way that you can build core confidence。

of the fucking core confidence is by putting yourself on the line。

 putting your true self on the line and getting accepted or rejected from that that's the only way。

 okay， feel free to write that down if you want。😡，The only way you can build core confidence is by putting your true self on the line and getting accepted by it or rejected by it。

That's the only way There is no shortcut at all。 So if you subscribe， my dear friends。

If you subscribe to Ninja approaches。Automatically， you're shooting yourself in the foot。

 you can't be successful， you're shooting yourself in the foot。A。

 the girl doesn't an opportunity to really meet you。

 She doesn't get an opportunity to see your personality because you're like a little like shitty sample。

 It's like，You could have all this good shit going on for you could be a fucking doctor。

 You could fucking in the Iraq war。 And she has no idea because you're doing this。She has no idea。

 She doesn't need to see your personality。 I think when I think of pickup， I think of it as。

Walking up to a girl and giving her a cocktail of your personality。 She needs to see it all。 Okay。

 so good cocktail。 I don know。 what's a cocktail right now。

 I'm drinking vodka Red Bulls because this is a seven hour speech。😊，But you know。

 my favorite cocktail is old fashioned。And it's really fucking hard to get a good old fashioned man。

 it's really hard I think it's one of the heart it's like the ingredients aren't that bad it's like five or six ingredients the combination of the ingredients is really hard to get I think that's what game is a lot like too so in old fashion what they do is they take a glass and。

What they do the first thing is they get bitters in there， so actually put a sugar cube。

One sugar cubee， like a gra sugar cube in the bottom。 Let's sit there。 Then it take bitters。

 which is like usually from Trinidad tobago。 It' kind of like it's like a salty， spicy kind。

 Its like soy sauce， basically。Put some bitterders on there， and then they let it simmer。

 let it sit in that for a minute， soak it up， then they usually crush it sometimes crush it。

 and then they'll put some bourbon。Like a Jim bean bourbon or like some sort of like good like southern bourbon。

 like maybe a cherry flavor one is what that's a black cherry some flavor in it。 bourbon is like。

 I don't know， I wouldn't call it like whiskeyer scotch。 It's like I don't how to describe。

 It's like a sweeter， tar kind of alcohol。 through the whiskey family， though。

 And then they'll put like。😊，After that they'll put like a orange。

 so some people will squeeze the orange， put it in。

 some people will take an orange peel and rub it on the glass。Let me give you a little taste， okay。

 very simple， but it tastes different every single place that you go to it and you have it。

 every single place tastes different and what it is is the combination of the ingredients。

So the girl doesn't actually get an opportunity to know who you are until you show her that full mix of ingredients。

 a little bit of happy， a little bit of sad， a little bit of you angry， a little bit of sexual men。

 right， a little bit of pervert。M， a little bit of perver， a little bit of funny。

 a little bit of not funny guy。 She's to see all of this。

 My goal and interaction is for her to see all that in my personality。

 My goal in the video when I'm doing the video is to show you all that my goal of public speaker is to show you all that So you guys feel like you know me Okay you guys feel like you know us from our videos。

 who here is the first time they met me today。😊，person somebody who saw me okay but you saw me in videos before right kind of feels like you know me already because I'm displaying all that in the video。

 all that personality， all that character that's how you build the core conference too so when you do a ninja approach。

ALi little mosquito approach， she sees none of your personality。She doesn't see it。So by default。

 what you're trying to avoid happens。You're trying to avoid rejection and that's exactly what happens。

You manifest what you're trying to avoid when you do a Ninja approach。Okay， fuck that ninja shit。

