# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：症结百科（高清）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Yeahはは。All right，Right now it's 10 o'clock and it's 10 o'clock。All right。Go for three hours。

 all right， so it's 10 o'clock and what I'm going to do is I'm going to try something I've never done before。

 I'm going to try to answer every， every， every， every single one of your questions， okay？

What I'm doing is for my product boss I'm coming with the call the pickup encyclopedia or sticking point encyclopedia。

 so what I'm going to do is have an answer to every single one of your questions， all right。Now。

 in order for us to do this。I'm going to try to answer every question you asked me。

 but here's how we got to do it。 Okay， I have to go through every single person。😡，In the audience。

 and I'm going to give you a 15 second answer to your question。Yeah， okay。

 Im going to answer every single one of them， but your question， here's the thing。

 you want to literally make your question two sentences。All right， three， two， ones go。

 What is the hardest lesson you've ever learned a game？It's that second point， okay。

 for building comfort， best mission。Building comfort in yourself。

 building comfort with the best for that It's in boss。Bs， best。Morning subway。

 rush out open Girl morningning subway， Hey， nice to meet you。Are you following me to work。

 I saw you peeking my bushes last night。あか。How can you balance the positive aspects of being a narcissist like having a lot of charisma while minimizing the negative aspects like being Tell people that you understand how they feel and reexplain to them how they may be feeling？

Have you always， always enjoyed socializing or did it develop on your journey Do they always enjoy socializing。

 No， I'm actually introverted。 I had to practice it as a skill。😊。

How do you how do you pull when you live far from your place。

 rent to Airbnb and location in the area or go an RC inner circlecle and have a wingman。

How do you keep pick fun and not make it feel like a job， Yeah。

 in order to keep pick fun and not feel like a job。

 you should do approaches that are just for self amusement。 They have no goal to go anywhere。

How do you distance yourself from your identity and your emotions in early stages Yeah。

 distance yourself from your identity your emotions。

 realize that everything takes a time to push and they'll eventually change。

 It was going to be really slow。Do you recommend like gaming older females something like 19 so like for me like gaming older female it's kind of it's age difference Okay。

 gaming older females， I don't under recommend it or younger females if they're young you say what is it about older guys that turns you on if you're too if they're younger than you you say what is about older guys that turn you on if they're older than you you say what is about younger guys that turns you on？

If you only limited two hours per day to game what we。

Two hours the date per game is actually really good。

 I would make the most out of it and be in set as awfully as often as possible， don't wander around。

Pass。How do you stop from being lazy？ Yeah， give your friend $1 thousand0。

 have them hold on to it makes you do approaches Girl says you say this to other girls。

 you say only the hot ones， I'm making the exception today。選き。Louder。

 I'm going skip you after my first date because theyre saying that they're getting after that one How do I same gave that guy。

 that wasn't one sentence。 What are two or things I could do make my interaction with girls more or2 or three things you can do be more mans women。

 I contact square up， tease them， leave them around more often every 20 minutes。😊。

How do you reduce flaking after you've already number closed to reduce flaking after you've number closed。

 set up the idea of a date， call them the night before the dates。We're the friends in a deep set。

I don't understand win over the friends in a deep set。

 I think of a group as I go and I entertain everybody， two group， three group， four， five。

 still a one set to me。All right，What do you do when you can't stop thing about a girl and you know she knows't it？

Yeah。あ。Okay。Yeah。When you can't stop thinking about a girl。

 you know she's no good talk to her friend， write a letter， but destroy the letter。

How are you pulling multiple girls from the same social system？I can't hear you next。

Dont you at the rear path when you're aim and building a lifestyle？

A career path versus a lifestyle and a lifestyle。Yeah， I would say Ty Lope has 67 steps。

 e layer in destiny or strengthth finder 2。0 to find out your destiny and lifestyle。

How do you fund energy as a strong introvert to actually go by yourself software？Yeah。

 to go out by yourself， make it easy。 We're like， I'm just gonna go out and just socialize。

 Don't put the pressure of pulling。 Also have a favorite ritual music things you want to wear。😊。

Online game versus phone when do you decide which is better to Yeah online game。

 I call the same time I get the phone number to stand out。

Help your beginner wing without getting the girls attention Yeah。

 help your beginner wing without getting the girl's attention， just compliment him all the time。Fas。

 how do you yourself Yeah， boss RSDison co。If you have a line you use when you end relationships with other girls when I align to end relationships。

 I say right now we're at different stages， I care about you very much。

 the door is always open on my end if things should change。When you meet a group of people。

 how to remember everyone's name Yeah， when I meet a group people remember everybody's name I say。

 what's the story， how did your parents choose your name？When initially meeting a girl。

 he's a completely unreasonable pitch。这。Yeah， right away， when you meet a girl she's a bitch。

 what the greed you put out with it， call her out right away。Pa。And if you're good at poll。

 but you always get less limited resistance。Yeah。Maybe if you're good at pulling。

 we always getting last minute resistance， it's a failure to do the right things in the beginning。

 either build more comfort or take more time。How do you match high energy when your style is more relaxed when your high energy and your style is more relaxed。

 if you still have intensity。 You can be engaged， but loose。A your traffic。

Probably transitioned to a'clock。I guess transition to a poll Yeah， how do you transition to a pool。

 seating， leading and defeating what is competing。 have a video about that online called Killer Instinc。

我 takeでたね。Stop making excuses， read Brian Tracy， no excuses。Yeah。

 how to keep your energy up over the course tonight， mainly get rid of the three fatigues。

 judgment fatigue， persona fatigue， decision making fatigue。

 and realize it's a marathon and not a sprint。Closing consistently in large rooms。In large groups。

 closing consistently in large groups is mostlyly unpredictable。

 there's no way they can really control that， but build the trust of the group。

What's your best way to open the law？Best way to open a large group。 Hey， guys， sorry， I'm late。

outRual I used to have before I would to go out， I'd play hype machine， put on my t shirtt。

 take a shower like T shirt time on Jersey shore and jump up and down on the mattress。

It's a good exercise to help。けば。A good exercise to help you care what people don't think。

 put toilet paper around your head and run around the club。

How do you help girls are a little more stuck in social conditioning than girls that are more stuck on social in social conditioning。

 how to help them， you can do what's called pacing and leading。

 explain what they're feeling and then explain what it could mean it's an old hypnosis principle。

 look it up。Next year， if you're just getting started the game what the fastest way to deal with if you're just getting started the fastest way to build a social network。

 I think socialcircleblprint。com would be very good or every phone number you get。

 invite them out to a party or an event even if they're not available to date every single person that you meet make them a contact and think of relationships not networking Keith Ferranzi never eat alone。

You feel like Sha， what's the most effective way for you to get into sleep？If you feel like shit。

 what's the most effective way to get into state， state is overrated， it's not always a big high。

 realize you can enjoy small things from dancing to speaking。

 figure out what makes you laugh even if it's very small， make a list of 10 things。Last it's a fan。

I can talk easily but I never get run you nevert get the home run get the home run。

 you can talk to them but you never get the home run you need to be clear in your intent。

I'm gonna to come back to that one or see me the hallway way， actually， yeah。呃。Are you sure。

 I saw you sneaky at the end， by the way， Okay， hello。

How can you find yourself getting the logical murder the bar and how to get out of it？

HowI find myself getting into logical mode at the bar， how do you get out of it。

 Julian says do three things， something that you find fun， something you find carefree。

 and talk about something that you're passionate about。How do you deal with overly down women？

Verbalally dominant。Dominant。Like physically everything okay。Yeah。

 how do you deal with dominant women， I would say read the way the Superi man by David dataa。

 also verbally dominant women get into a habit of bantering。

 which they enjoy too much what she need to do is calm her down a cat。

 calm her down and get her out of bantering mode。How you go from one girl？

seems that to a friend who you can tell is kind you looking like auch right。

 how do you go from one girl to another girl in in a group without seeing like a horn douch bag but like you're both adorable。

 unfortunately there's only one of me and just frame it where like you are that guy who likes both of them。

How to get hot girls。BossterrcMaison。com。I girl with a game guy。 She's with a gay guy。

 It's actually in my hot seat or my boss， you can pull a girl with a gay guy by flirting with both of them。

😊，た。Best advice。Best advice to go from intermediate to advance。

 the things that make you consistent every night watching your internal state and being able to manage your internal emotions at will。

How to approach highdress situation during the day while you are not warm up day game approach when there's no warm up。

 lower the bar of how good it has to be， just start with the， hey， nice to meet you， start with that。

 start very， very basic， don't expect an amazing opener and walk with them in the day。

 always walk with。哪一前的。Don't game girls。Yeah。And happy somebody yes， gaming girls at work。

 don't game girls that you work with， don't shit where you eat。

 the repercussions are worth more or could be outweighed the benefits of doing it。到诉。

How do you get past？Yeah。Okay。现在跟你。Okay， good。Going to come back to the next guy， next guy。

' the best a lot of people speak loud and share， think of sharing with everybody you talk to。

 competition is not what you want to do。 You want to collaborate with everybody。

Have you ever begged the next back？However got big X back after breakup and how did it go， I have。

 it did not work， I found it the best when I moved on and then I actually tried to improve my life then they wanted to get back in it。

 you have to sincerely move on because they know you they can tell。What is the best way to calibrate。

 best way to calibrate in the moment？Iint it what？Okay best way to calibrate in a different city。

 make friends in the city and realize what their ambitions are LA is a lot different than New York LA everybody wants to work on their career New York everybody is very independent its to know the personality of the people in the city。

Have you stopped yourself from getting complacent when you've got a nice rotation of girls that you're satisfied with Yeah。

 when youre getting complacent with the rotation of girls that you have。

 how do you not be complacent？Figure out which ones you actually have a connection with and drop a few。

 Never go over 5 day， go。 So when you're at this momentum and positive place in your life。

 how do you absorb that and learn from that before you go into this negative place Keep a journal。

 Keep close friends around you that are also the same high vibration frequency。 Make a mission。😊。

To keep them around you， aspirational contact list。

How do you maintain consistency if you're just Yeah。

 how do you maintain consistency if you're just reaching an immediate， start a field report journal。

 write down not only what happened when you went out。

 but the emotions that you felt when you went out what you were thinking in your head so you can repeat your thoughts and your processes。

 following with processes that get you a good night。

I do you know which are your true and best thoughts。

They're allHow do you know what are your true and best thoughts。

 at this point I think there's no best， I think they all have value in them。

And what you think about before you go to sleep before you wake when you wake up guys over there。

 please't talk because I can't hear these guys next on Tinder。

 do you have a go to opener I have a Tinder opener and I refresh every six months and I'll use different open ones。

 I can't tell you what it is。An old Tinder opener would be。There's something about you。

 I don't know what if I love it or hate it， I can't quite place my finger on it。

What's the way your ego way to kill your ego， be more specific ego in terms of if you get stuck in your head and like you're thinking by yourself？

Take best way to kill your egos， if you get stuck in your head。

 take so much action that overwhelms your thinking mind。

How do you persuade a girl to have How do you persuade a girl have a three you don't she wants to or she doesn't and you just find the right ones that do look in different areas。

 go to a swinger' club， talk to girls that have piercings and tattoos。

 be very upfront about their sexuality。If you're very informed about the sexuality and find a girl who's backpack through Europe when you're first starting out。

 what do you next focus on after you master going out consistently and approaching consistently when you first start going out and and you got the approaching and going good。

 what do you do focus on conversations just being able to talk for two minutes。

 three minutes and that's good enough and then also two to three minutes with a group。

That's good enough。How do you still go out and party when you're in a committed relationship。

 but she gets jealous right when you're you're in a committed relationship。

 you want to go out and party， but your girl gets jealous。

 bring her along with you and she still gets jealous when。嗯。そそ。Geting new girlfriend， I don't know。

S and game， what are the key points between them that you focus on to just for when sales and business or sales and game。

 what are the things that are very similar， I would say understanding the other person's subjective experience。

 understanding what they're possibly going through people can't just absorb information。

 you have to prepare them before they absorb the information。

 those are the similarities in sales and game， that's it。In the moment。

 what are some technical lines or tips you can use to eliminate LMR？in the moment。

 what are some lines and tips that you can use to eliminate LMR。

 LMR is a symptom of not doing the right things in advance when you had the opportunity to do them in the moment。

 what you could say is。I understand， I can imagine what you're going through。

 no problem and change locations and just go talk for a bit。

How do you game a girl if you know she's in a committed relationship？ Yeah， how do you game a girl。

 How do you game a girl in a relationship， The fact is。

 you could point out everything her boyfriend does wrong with that would seem needy and seem weird and insecure。

 What you could do is point out his flaws as insecurities。 However。

 the better option just to not game a girl this relationship。 if she cheats on him with you。

 She's more likely to cheat on you with another guy。

Three types in a new city filling a weekend Yes in a new city for a weekend go on Yelp。

com and find out where it says Jeffy would say the most pretentious girls in the city go to a place that has lots of volume。

 go to a place that's not too loud if you want to be has some success I prefer a cocktail a place where women have cocktail dresses in high heels and do lots of street game street game is very important in a new city。

How do you stand out in environment stand out in a loud environment， talk louder。

 be more facially animated， right， more dynamic， more facially animated， and also focus on intensity。

 not just volume。Regarding what you learned from Papo。

 why is it more important to why is comfort more important than value Oh。

 that was from Dave Yeah yeah so is when it comes to pulling。

 why is comfort more important than value because every guy has a little bit of value by the fact you have a penis there's an opportunity of sex but if a girl will not go with you because she's attracted to you。

She needs comfort to go along with a stranger to a new environment and leave her friends that takes a lot of comfort to avoid risk。

 There's a lot of downside for a female。 So comfort is more important to pulling than value。Yeah。

How would you improve upon all？On what， the layer concept， what island are you from， Trinidad。

 that's okay。The layer concept，y， not， S up。 How do you perform the layer concept in the present day。

 I think or any kind of social group， I think。😊，You can't ask people to do more in the group than they're even capable of doing and there has to be a benefit for them to be in the group besides just the group。

You hook up once and then she falls in love what do you do you hook up once and then she falls in love。

What's your goal？it's just a hookout and she's like I really like you right you hook up once once and she falls in love。

 tell her she's literally say she is great， she'll find somebody else that she can be with you're not that person for her at the right time。

 you don't feel a connection， you respect her as a person。

 you wish her the best and you still want to maintain a friendship。Balance between like business。

Like going to business and going out you want to build a if you want to the question is balance between business and going out。

 maybe just go out 20 minutes a day， that's enough。

 realize there's gonna to be periods of immersion where you're focused on one thing and there's periods where you're focused on the business。

 And that's okay。 That's okay。 Just just schedule those periods of immersion。Bss。

 what is your top preferred way to keep a girl that you have already hooked up up with to keep coming back for more Okay。

 and you hook up with a girl， preferred way to keep her around that morning that we hook up or that night I'll send her the little picture。

Sex with you is so good。 we should celebrate it by having more sex。

 I won't call her the next two days， follow up a day and a half or two days later and just see what's going on in her life and just tell jokes。

 tell jokes， don't even ask her out。What's your favorite warmup favorite warmup， I don't have one。

But if I had a favorite warm up， it would be。Just walking around。

 giving fist bumps to everybody in the club。What is too many ways for you at a certain point？

What is too many good for you and a certain too many girls to sleep with or in a rotation Too many girls to sleep with would be when you feel like you're just going through emotions and you don't even like care who they are and then too many girls that you be dating at a time would be where it becomes like you're maintaining something that's giving you less happiness than the effort of maintaining it。

Tips for pulling a girl back to her place tips for pulling a girl back to her place like。

Do you have any food？Do I want to eat？That's true。 Do you have any food you want to eat。

 I have a video about blah， blah blah on YouTube I want to show you。

 I'll walk you home and be a gentleman。 Can you pull the bartender Can you pull the bartender Yes。

 but not usually that night。 You can usually get a really， really solid phone number， though。😊。

Well learning game as a black manager it should give people。

In particular certain races or individuals and that's not one sentence Okay the question is is is can game be harder for racial minorities in some situations。

 people are conditioned to what they're used to， Everybody just does what they're used to what they see around them growing up so you have to then explain to them the how to try something new you have to。

And kind of like tease them about what they're used to。 Like， for example， I would say。

 I know you're used to guys named Brad who were captain of the rowing team， but that dot， dot， dot。

 reframe what they're used to。来员。How do I cock blockss boss RsDmaison do com。

 But if you want to handle cock blockss， you can either befriend them or just tease them so badly they go away。

 But the most important thing is not be fazed by anything that they do be Bla。 Oh yeah， cool。 Oh。

 your're lesbians。 Oh， that's original。 I've never heard that before。 Co。 Who's the butch。

 Who goes on top。 Who goes on the bottom。 I don't care as long as I can film it and put it on YouTube。

😊，Do you have any tips concepts for isolation， Any what tips or concepts？嗯。

Tips are concepts for in a club or just you're group okay， tips or concepts for isolation。

 you want to encourage your girl to be。Okay， tips or concerts for isolation。

 you want to encourage your girl to be independent。

 so like I thought you were independent like Beyonce， you know。

 I thought you can make decisions for yourself and encourage her to be independent so she's able to have the strength and the encouragement to leave the group when she needs to。

What's your best strategy for recover from awkwardward causes here？Oh sorry， one more thing。

 And for the isolation， also tell her， all right， here's the strategy， here's a plan。

 go to your friends and say this， give her a story。Sorry， what's your question？

Best strategy for recovering awkward pauses make love through the sun， enjoy the science。

 become more comfortable with the silence。Yeah， don't escape the pauses， pauses are okay。

 pauses are sexual attention， it's a good thing。How do you wrestle being good a game and then want to start family？

How do you wrestle being good at game and wanting to start a family。

 maybe try to find a woman who's open-minded， even maybe a woman who's bisexual。

 not to have her do three things， but she's just more sexually openminded so she can satisfy you。

 also maybe find a girl that's into light swinging。

 which means she's willing to have sex with you in public and there's touching。

 but there's no penetration of other people。That's qualities in the windman。

That's a personal journey that you have to go on and discover。 I won't say it for me， but basically。

 it's like Baskin Robbins。 Try all the flavors， forget what you like and what you don't like and realize the girls that you do relate to。

 What is it about them that you connected with and try to find those qualities of other girls。

 Que was， how do you find the qualities you like in a woman。😊。

Actually I was what's the best quality quality in the wingman or best quality is it how to find a good wingman so you're looking for a you need to work on your question？

better one you saved though。Okay。I think you already have one。All。best tips to find a good wingman。

 be positive and always willing to do the crazy approaches that no one will do。

 how do you find a good wingman， offer value to him， say， hey man， I'll buy you dinner。

 I'll buy you lunch， you can crash on my couch， make him feel good。

 and then you can go up and make other people together feel good。

What's the biggest gamembilated mistake you made？Oh my God， biggest game related。

 biggest game related mistake I made in the past three months。 I took a very。

 very hot girl to dinner several times， several hot girls to dinner on the first date。

 and I thought that I had somehow gotten past that level。No， they still don't appreciate it。

How do deal with flakes when they give you their number for you X？

Yeah so when a girl gives you her number before you ask for it， sometimes it can say the question is。

 how do you deal with flakes that give you their number before you ask for it sometimes。

A girlir will give you her number in order to dismiss you and get rid of you。

 go for one month with no numbers， only pulls， try to go for the poll for a month， F numbers。

 can't fuck a number。😡，What'sWhat's your transitioning to game Yeah， for transitioning to sober game。

 realizing that drinking just allows you to have impulses to do what you want to do without the blocking okay。

 and the judgment， the three fatigues like I said again。

 decision making fatigue persona fatigue and identity fatigue or whatever it is let me redo that one。

How do you go from being drunk to trying to do sober game。

 realize that being drunk just allows you to be true to your impulses， okay。

 get rid of the three fatigues， judgment fatigue， decision making fatigue， persona fatigue。

 and also I have a video set that's calledHow to Be drunk without drinkingrinking on YouTube watch that。

How to deal with a girl or a group of people that are。Much more high energy than you Yeah。

 when people are more high energy than you deal with them by having slow controlled assertiveness and intensity。

Like how I said that。Oh you're already in a long term relationship how do you bring your girlfriend into Yeah。

 how do you have a girlfriend from a long termm relationship and bring her into pick up an RSD It's a little bit hard might not be possible。

 you can show the benefits that you get from it as a person but at the end she will realize it's about pimpping。

What should men in this stereotypically provider role such as Dr students？Yeah。

 men who have stereotypical provider roles like doctors and lawyers don't mention your money at all on a first date。

 go for a walk with your dog or go to a coffee， first date， second date， third date。

 then you finally reveal the big， you know I'm rich， I'm successful。😡。

How important is energy awareness？Okay。Energy awareness is everything the game is game is energy awareness game is the ability to have an internal。

Emotion and convey it to the girl， your inner world becomes an outer world expression that is game completely super important how to do that RSD Madison Ho seat。

You're in a committed relationship but you're still also in love with the idea of the game。

 how do you transmute that and be able to fall in love with chasing other parts of your life Yeah Id say still you're in a committed relationship but you still want to enjoy the benefits of RSD there is a lot of self-development with stuff that's coming out boss will have a lot of self-development in it and also take her out with you and socialize still in the habit of facing your fears cold approaching and dealing with anxiety but have her be a partner with you do it together instead of her feeling like you're doing it to replace her。

手据。Can't hear you。When you are self reviewed， how can you be less of an advancing monkey？

When you are a self amus， okay， self amusement when it comes to being listen to a dancing monkey or self- amusement when pulling。

 a lot of guys think self- amusement will get you the girl， it actually won't。

 it just makes you feel good， the outcome is the result。

 focus more on the outcome of the result than just feeling good。Transition that。

 transition it from feeling good to what is my result here， what is my outcome？

How do you stop comparing yourself to your other brands that are perfect at game but would never like study？

Yeah， how do you stop comparing yourself to other people who are better at game。

 how do you stop comparing yourself to people who are richer。

 how do you stop comparing yourself to the people who are better looking。

 it's a journey of getting more secure in yourself， live life through your values。

 figure out what you think is important， okay， which you like what your value what you passionate or you're passionate about and express that to others。

 you will be rewarded for that and you will feel better about yourself because of that。

your comments for。Three books are recommended for beginners。嗯。Iron John。

Fire in the belly and King War， magician lover and the way a superioror man。And boscmaison。com。这个错。

Next。When you're solo， how do you project value， when you're solo。

 how do you project value by not caring that you're solo。

 only a guy that doesn't care about being solo has value， has status。

 he who cares the least is the best off。How do you deal with internal？完的に見て見て。大啊。

When you get rejected about the night out， how do you keep good emotions。

 what you do is you realize it's just part of the journey and learning process。

 either you win or you learn how to win， you have nothing to lose everything to learn。

 get in love with the idea of learning your failure today can give you success tomorrow。

 you get just as much out of a bad night as you do out of a good night。这可。

Quest way to get out of your head is to get into your body。

 do something physically that excites you either by using your voice， project your voice。

 or using your body， getting into your body。But take action。How did meditation help my game。

 not very much practically in the field， the only thing meditation helps you do is realize you can get back to a centered point whatever you want if you are going to meditate。

 do open eye meditation， not close eye meditation。What are a couple of underlying principles that you personally found at all the concepts you used to articulate？

I can't hear the question that guys sneeezed underlying principles and this guy's talking。

 I can't hear you。So what are some of the underlying principles that you personally have found are at the core of the concept we use to articulate？

U。Underlying principles of game that underlying principles RSD that I found that self development that helped game are。

 if you can't handle her， how could you handle the world for her？

Do you have any tips on basically yesterday？Yeah， tips on physical escalation。

 physically escalating should always be fun， it's not just meant to turn her on。

 it should be fun for her， never think physical escalation。

 think physically relating to the girl and also try to get her involved in it sometimes place her hand on your knee。

 put her arm around you， bosssmadison。com。The most recent epiphany that I had is that you can always get better even at this level。

Are you getting most to you serious？Are they married are they married or no Okay。

 how do you get old how old are you？Okay， how do you get older women to take you seriously as a question。

 Okay， The answer is， always frame their age like it's a downside for them。 Okay。

 focus on their insecurities。 They maybe have of being older and always say， hey。

 there's a lot you can learn from a younger guy。 He's more experience。 He's more passionate。

 He has more to offer you。 These older guys are all worn out。 They have no more excitement。

 Fme your age as a benefit。😊，嗯。再说。Yeah， I've had a sugar mama once， she was a millionaire。

 it was the worst decision I ever did， she actually thought that the money owed me。

 I wouldn't recommend it， I did it out of a low vibration energy， not worth it。Next。Next。

 demons are back how to kill the inner demons that are holding you back specifically。Just I guess。

Things like， I guess。I'll come back to you next Pat has been congruent。That means okay。

 how do you practice being congruent， you walk up to a grower situation and you say what you actually think or feel。

 even if you think they might not be receptive of it because the chances are that you will be they will be receptive about it and you will get positive reinforcement to keep doing that it's a step it's a gradual step doesn't happen overnight next。

Next。Speak up。When I'm at work I have two social jobs when I'm at work， my game on point。

 when I'm outside of work， okay， the question is when you're having a non-social job。

 what do you do to go game， start very， very slow， don't put the high expectation of yourself to get to kill it。

 just start with little highs， a little nice to meet you and then also fall in love with the process of talking to people and getting yourself warmed up and don't get attached to the result of them having to be really receptive right away。

好。You find yourself in a real background。These are not one sentence his questions nexts Yeah。

 how do you escalate in text game， don't get sexual and text game do not escalate in text game do that in person once you meet up There's too many guys that have freak girls out before you that they can't risk it the rules are meant to be broken it and I'll promise you he's been sexual and text game and how it work but what he's referring to is these guys who think that they're not enough and they've got to like sp it up Ive got to spot it up。

Yeah嗯。And like you can't you feel the easy to do it。You'll know when to do it。 voices like this OL。

 but if you're doing it out of a format， like you're like think you're supposed to because's not man and woman if you don't or something like that because you're following the format。

 it's gonna fuck you up。 Yeah， I mean， the fact that you're asking it is probably it's like a signal to me that you're not ready for it yet。

😡，Yeah， I agree that Yeah， I totally agree that Yeah any guys any time a guy's like so should add like。

あは。は。WIs that Cha foree？When is， when is the right time to say to whip my dick out。 I don't know。

 I'm ready for that。 Yeah， because girls deal with so many creepos。 It's like it's。

 it's too high risk。 Like there's probably too many girls that you're freaking out because you're trying to calibrate your sexual texting rather than just leave out your sexual texting。

 just for the moment。 And then eventually， you'll figure it out。😊，Do get more used to it in person。

Okay， cool。 So that was the sticking point。 It's like， I did I own， I just did 130 questions。

 Did you。 I did man。😊，I'm a genius， y。👏Yeah。Everybody you stand up and stretch down。Yeah。Yeah。

To stand up yeah， yeah， okay。How do you when you're go on a Tider date。

 how do you avoid the date to go on that you have like plan after your dates。

 you know what I mean right exactly understand his question is when you're on a Tider date。

 how do you avoid going with a girl who has plans later on I never ever go on a date with the girl that has plans later on。

 I'd rather cancel that date because you're always gonna be in a position where you're trying to make it work on a short period of time and your mind starts to go crazy。

 It's working against you， you can never have the buyer seller frame You can never be the buyer So Ill always cancel that date and make a date later on for a date that works better in my favor It's worth it in the long run trust me。

When do we know it's the right time to get a girlfriend？

When do you know it's the right time to get a girlfriend。

 it's the right time to get a girlfriend when when you go out。

 you already have lots of girls you're talking to。For some reason you like to talk to this one。

 she's the type of girl you can talk to even when the sun is coming up in the morning you're not bored of her when you're around her and even if you don't get sex。

 you're happy to just be around her。Next， what are your thoughts on NLP and T care？

My thoughts on NLP and text game。 I think text game is dying because everything that is video with Snapchat or Instagram story。

 myself personally， I just send videos to girls。 I barely even text now。

 So I think the NLP with text game doesn't work as much because。Girls are more80D。

 They don't really pay attention to text as much anymore。 So yeah。

 it it's hard to communicate with a girl through text even now as it is。 So I think that， yeah。

 text messaging is dying。 So you snaps like I send snaps videos all the time。Okay。

 so I' a little bit complicated。 Yeah How do you avoid validating yourself as asking a lot of questions。

 and it's a serious setting。So you can't just laugh off every question。

 but you want to answer seriously。 you don't yourself You want to qualify yourself。 Yeah， qualify。

 So I was saying his question is， when a girl's asking you serious questions。

 how do you How do you not get into a rhythm where you're looks like you're trying to make make yourself look good。

What I would say is I would just give a joke answer and then give my real answer。

 So what do you do for school。 you know， I work， I don't go to school right now。

 I just stay in my mom's basement in Ichitos。 Oh， and I'm kidding。

 What I actually do is I'm studying law。For example。

 right so you balance out the joke with like the self deprecation humor I'm sorry。

 balance out the truth with self deprecation humor。do you find eggss necessary yes， no， Yeah。

 are eggss， yes necessary？For some very， very intelligent， sophisticated girls。

 you'll meet some like， they don't have to be doctors or lauras。

 but just be quality girls with like good dads， good families。 like， why are you nagging me。 Like。

 just be normal， have a conversation。 I'd love to go out with you。

 But then you'll also find some girls who just don't respond to just nice conversation。

 So what you want to think of is full range of emotions， positive spikes of negative spikes and very。

 very often that includes nags， like 80% of the time that includes nas somewhere in the conversation or just an emotional。

 a negative emotional spike。😊，Could you maybe just break down like dance tour game where everything happens on the dance tour。

Dance floor game in 30 seconds。 All right， Dance floor game。

 Dance floor game is not really so much about dancing。

 It's about drawing the girl into how you're feeling。 So you don't to be loud and energetic。

 You can just be intense and slow and controlled。 If you're intense， slow and controlled。

 Then that will do a lot to cut through the music of the club and bring her into your rhythm rather than her dancing with her friend crazy rhythm。

 You never want to be doing that。😊，Pa， okay。I teach yourself to be positive and Awesome。

 How did I teach myself to be positive and smiling all the time， I did a lot of meditation。

 For example， is app I always recommend called headspace。 When you do meditation。

 you can catch yourself having negative thoughts。 And then you just don't judge them。

 The idea is you don't want to stop yourself from having negative thoughts。

 Just realize when they happen。 So you're like， having a negative thought。😊，Oh， that's interesting。

Then continue on。You do that and you replace the negative thought with a positive one。 Say。

 I'm focusing on negative right now。 What's something positive I could focus on here if there was something positive to focus。

 I then you do that。 So it's like， oh， one time I had a birch on my shoulder birchching on my shoulder。

 I like， oh， wait a second。 Actually， I don't have to have wear a shirt anymore。

 that's the only positive thing I can find。 I do that。😊，What was the， headspace similar。

 but when you're in the club and。Some negative thought came to your head。

 what do you do I'm in the club and a negative thought comes to my head。

 I usually would do is called a check in。 I take a moment。 I go to the side， the bathroom。

 dance floor， breathe for a second， see how is my body feeling， where my muscles tight。

 How am I breathing， Try to understand， what am I thinking and how am I feeling。

 If I can watch those a little bit， Kind of like do a time out。

 and then correct when I'm thinking or how my bodys feeling， relax a little bit。

 I can usually go back in and adjust。😊，Yeah， is it important to be tall。 Is it important to be tall。

 Good question， Good question。 Absolutely fucking not。 Absolutely not。

 There's a lot of tall guys that I see that have horrible game because they feel entitled， like。

They just stand and they wait for it to happen because they're tall。

 Some of the best guys I know are 5，4。 I know two guys that are 54 that are really。

 really fucking good。 One of my best friends。's that's like a multimillionaire who's a boss。

 is's like 5，6，5，7。 So it's absolutely not necessary to be tall。 You able to project energy。

 which is when I hear R say project energy。 That means putting emotion into motion。

Project that energy and then girls pick up on that。Okay。

 so if you're having an amazing interaction with the girl， Yeah， suddenly her friend pulls her away。

 Yeah if you're having an amazing interaction with the girl and their friends about to pull her away。

 you either engage the friend and she's coming like， oh， hey， what's up， don't be rude。

 introduce me to your friend。😊，Or you go with them where they're going。

Chances are she'll probably go with her friend because she has history with her friend。

 so you have to go with them， befend their friend and go with them。

Solo solo gaming when you go out solo it's very important， I went out solo for two years。

While going out so for two years， I found the most important thing for my go out ritual。

 So you know having music， a shirt that I love some cologne。

 maybe a drink on the way to the club talking to people as well。 People on the street， bouncers。

 security guards talk to them so you don't feel like you're alone and find one group in the club that you can make your home base and always come back to you So you never feel like you're actually alone And if people ask if you're alone like。

 yeah， I'm alone duh。😊，Never hide it。If you're talking to chicken in the club and you see get a little bit too needy。

 she you get needy。Sometimes， like its。Sometimes it becomes automatic。

 how can you change it so that you're not needing it？

If we're talking to a girl and sometimes you get a little bit meaty。

 at least it's good because you're noticing that you get needy in that moment。

 What I recommend is you change your body position， like actually lean against the bar。

 take a deep breath， lean back。 So the body position will change how you think and allow for more silence in the conversation。

 Do an exercise called the 10 second silence drill where after you speak。

 you always allow 10 seconds of silence。 That'll get you into the habit of it。

What do you prefer your place or her place Okay， good question What do I prefer going back to my place or her place my place。

 I know that I can control the situation。 there's no random people who are going to come in。

 I know what's going happen If I go back to her place。

 there's always something that she can be distracted with a cat that I never knew about a dog。

 some sort of a relative calls etc。 So I always prefer my place over her place。

That's either one of you two。Yeah， let's say you were texting this goal。

And it's obvious she has a fraction for you， but she's。It sort of put it the right way。

 but she still avoids。Yeah， so this girl's attraction for you。 And but she just doesn't meet up。

 basically， right， yeah。Yeah。Good question。I understand okay。

 so the question is a girl has attraction for you， but she doesn't always meet up。

 I used to try to control this， but I just fucking gave up on it because girls were so random a girl might want to meet you because。

Her grandfather died， and she might not want to meet because her grandfather died。

 It's totally random about what's going on in her life。

 So I try to do it when when's when the opportunity is there， take make a date that day。

 when the opportunity is there。 And what I'll do is if she's not actually going for the day。

 Ill remove the positive emotions。 a girl this validation。 But from you talking to her every day。

 Id remove that。 So she doesn't feel like she can get your attention and never go on a date with you。

It's very nice。And you start to lose this pop。And you get shoved in your head。 What would you do。

If you're in a group and you start to lose a spotlight and you get shoved in your head。

 what would you do， You realize that you're not in competition with people in the group。

 It's not your job to go there and steal the girl away from them。

 It's your job to go out there and share and collaborate with everybody in the group。

 don't think pulling the girl out the group thinking you get the girl。

 Everybody wants to have this girl。 So think collaboration with the whole group。

 So everybody enjoys your presence。 Thatll change you from a frame of。😊。

Being scared to a frame of I'm just here to share。How are you get。conversationYeah， okay。

 how do you get more， How do you be less。 And I even see the way you ask a question， you're like。

 how do you get less logical when you're having a conversation。 Okay， good question。

 realize that first of all， you're realizing that girls just want to have fun。

 They're just being illogical。 So youre gonna want to do more illogical skills and drills to get that into your head。

 You may want to walk to word association， You may want to walk up to a girl and just do the alphabet。

 try to have that hook the set， I do it sometimes， It's really， really pretty interesting。

 If you guys in the video。😊，The alphabet video with me。 Okay， we'll， we'll do a cut here。

 but I'll do it。 So usually welcome to a girl some time ago， a。😊，Bi。四。Z。Be。Yeah。Qi。HI。Zie。See。

 there's no logic in this conversation here。 It's just， it's just vibe。

 So you want to realize it's the emotion behind what you're saying， not what you're saying。

 that makes it work， makes it stick。When we talk about the hard city to game in。

 what makes the city harder to nu。Yeah， how it changed the way you。That's a fucking good question。

 Wow， okay， when you are in a city， what makes a city hard to game in and how do you change your game。

 What makes a city hard to game in is when the woman's emotion doesn't match up to her logic。

 That's a whole conversation that I can get into， but。😡，Emotionally she's excited。

 but logically she's not okay with going out in a date。 she's excited。

 but logically she's not okay with going to your house。 That makes a hard city。

 good city is where the girls are like I want to meet like on like I want to meet you and of course I'm attracted to you。

 They admit the fact that they're attracted to you know a lot of girls can't even accept the fact that they're attracted to you。

Toronto is a city they can't accept it， Miami is a city they can accept it。

 Toronto is a city that can accept， as I said Zurich。

 Sweden so far I've seen Gohenberg the way you can change that。

Is you understand how the girls are thinking and you present a logical situation that they can say。

 yes， I'll do this。Let's go for a walk， let's go for coffee。And I still end up at your place。Right。

Cool， next。I don't know。 I don't really have a question。I wondering。From all of you guys。

 who is coming out tonight。Everybody， that's the answer。 Everybody's going out。

They should all go out。If they don't go out， it's hopeless。

 it's hopeless if you need a guy to travel halfway across the world to motivate you and you still don't go out after。

So stop now， stop now， okay， next person。HowHow would you change an already wrongta impression How would you change like the girls。

The。Your first impression with the girl's bad， how do you change that？

On a cold approach or like on a phone number away。He did a cold approach。 He talked to a girl。

 His first impression is bad， How has he changed that very simple， you go away for a little bit。

 couple moments， couple minutes， come back， reapproach and apologize for how bad your first impression was because at least that shows that you have social awareness。

 you're aware of how you're making other people feel she can say this Sky is actually not an idiot and then you continue from there。

How do you feel loved？왜 you say？How do you build up sexuality。 Okay， I said， how do you feel loved。

 I w to be loved with no， Okay， how do you build up sexuality， Sexity is but sexual attraction。 Okay。

 very good question。 sexual attraction man to woman。 How do you do that。

 I would I would say it's a few things， for your body。 First of all， it's body body language。

 squaring up eye contact breaking reporter toality。 after thats holding silence。

 So a lot of guys will have tension with the girl， and they avoid it。 They go， like。

 so what's your name。 See how they're trying to break tension。

 You have to actually sit with attention for a moment。😊，Okay， sit with it and enjoy it。

I'm going to have you guys do exercise right now， actually， everybody stand up， everybody stand up。

Alright， so here's what we're gonna to do。 Okay， this is called the two minute silence drill。

 It's gonna be very uncomfortable and very gay。 We got to just deal with it。 Okay。

 now what we're gonna do is everybody， I don't you pause for a second。

 Everybody is gonna look at an issue for you unless it is。 I'm mid 30s right now。

 about and girls will sometimes say， oh， you're older。 I say。😊，That's fine。

 Older guys have more experience。 What is it about an older guy that intimidates you。

You don't want to get those young guys。 They didn't know what they want in life。 They're scared。

 They're shy。 They're unfocused。 I've been through life。 I've seen it all。 I've done it all。

 I can teach you things so your olderness is better。 Now， if you're a really young guy。

 you say you don't want older guy。 What is it about younger guys and intimidates you。 Yeah。

 you like younger guys。 right I mean， we can show you how to be young again show you how to be adventurous。

 show you how to live life， but that spark back in your eye。 what do you do。

 get an old guy and go go shopping for groceries。 Like so anyway you can always frame it that what you are is the best。

 because you're only gonna be what you are， can't be anything else in what you are you have to really love what you are and be okay with it and put it in a situation where she can She can accept it So you just frame it in a good way。

 like the the way I just said to do it。 that'll work really good。 Some girls won't like older guys。

 That's fine。 Some girls like daddy。😊，The daddy had never had。Crazy， the older I get。

 I still I still date girls who like 22， and it's funny because they're like 10 years younger and they don't seem to care。

 Some of them just don't care。 The smarter girls usually prefer older guys as well。So when you know。

 like a girl emotionally， it's kind of。Don't fuck， basically。

 but she tells she's telling you that she has to go with your sister or like a friend。

 what do you do in that kind of situation。So a girl likes him but。

What do you do when the girl has to leave？Basically， if the logistics are very bad。

 like you can't go home with her， she lives far away， she has to wake up earlier tomorrow。

 whatever the situation if those logistics are bad。

Then I would get a phone number and just find a better group。 If the logistics are kind of good。

 like。That girls her roommate， and they live like 10 minutes away from my taxi。

 and she doesn't have to wake up early tomorrow。 I would try to go with the group to after party or try to bring the group to come with me for food。

 Hey come come with me for food。 I know the best show warm place in the city。

 I know the best kebab place in the city something like that or go with them somewhere just try to stay in as long as you can because the more time you spend with her。

 the better your date will be after Allright， so to answer his question， the last question I'll do。

 I'm kind of making into like a little speech here。 This will be my speech for the day。😊，嗯。All right。

 so his question was， where's my latest epiphany？That I've had in game。

the last kind of like last little while， the biggest thing I've learned it's crazy because the biggest thing I've learned recently is not it was a huge surprise。

 it's not what you would think I'm very happy。I think now。With just one girl， if I got one girl。

 one bad chick，1 amazing girl，1 queen，1 badass bitch。 I'd be okay with it。 I'd be fine with it。 Now。

 hearing that sounds like what the fuck。 That's crazy， Madison。

 Why would you say something like that， I'll tell you why I say now。If you're brand new to this。

 who's been to pick up for less than six months。Can I get show of hands？Okay。

 anybody over a year about or less than a year about， Okay。

 everybody here is like more than two years， three years。 All you guys。 Okay， for a while。 Okay。

 so if you're here in this like six months to a year， you're probably thinking to yourself。

 fucking man。 I， I need to get this game stuff handled。 This is where you're at in your journey。

 You're like， I don'tanna get game handled。 I want to learn about pickup because I've been hurt in the past。

 Some girl broke my heart。I haven't had success。And your desire is to be the biggest player ever。

 I'm gonna be a player。 and I'm gonna fuck all these girls。

 and I'm gonna get some notches on my belt， and I'm gonna make them feel。

 I'm gonna like get them back because they fuck me over。 and now it's time to fuck them literally。😡。

Oh yeah， though they will pay。 They will Donald Trump。 they will pay for the wall。

 They will pay for the pussy。 They will pay for my heartbreak to happen before。And I'm not。

 if you're at that stage right now， I'm not even like upset at you because that's a natural part in your journey。

 Let me hear you guys say it。 that's a natural part in your journey。 Okay。

 you are wherever you're at right now？ It's okay to be wherever you're at right now， It's fine。

 A lot of guys that are newbie's like， why can't I， Why can't I kill it， Like an RC instructor。

 Why can't I do the hand of God。 Why can't I do the make opener， Listen， you are where you are。😊。

it's okay， right。 One guy said here， I'm， what do I do when I'm out of state。 I think was you said。

 what do I do when I'm out of state and I'm not in a good mood。 You are where you are that day。

 That's okay。 Don't try to fight it。 work with it。 Okay， work with it， so。

If you're at a stage right now and you're learning where you're like， well。You know。

 I don't want to get a girlfriend， I just want to get a girl。

 I just want to have sex because I haven't had sex in a year。I understand that。

 That's totally It's totally normal。 And that's where you are。 And that's cool。 Do that。 Do that。

 Then eventually， whatll happen is you go through the， it's all meaningless phase。

 It's all meaningless。 that'll happen about maybe two or three years in where you'll have a bunch of one night stands with some drunk girls from the club。

 And maybe some Tinder pole。re like， yeah， first you were high fivething your buddies about it。

 And you're like， yeah， we got the validation of feeling good now。 we feel like good。

 like I was I was showed before。 I was a loser before。 Now I'm getting better at this。

 and you feel better about it like， yes， I'm finally doing this。 I'm getting it。 Now I'm a player。😊。

I am a player now， you might get like a fancy player jacket， might get a fancy player shirt。

 it's a fancy player of pants， get a fancy player ring。Right。

 your pictures are all of you and girls at clubs on your Facebook wall you know these guys， right。

 and that's natural again because it's where you are in the journey。

You're going to go through that phase and the reason though that phase happens is because。

That phase happens because for so much of your life， let's say 20 years， 25 years of your life。

 you were the guy that sucked。And now you're trying to balance it out in your mind。

 trying to change your identity a little bit to be this new guy。 I'm not that guy anymore。

 I don't identify that guy who sucked with girls who went through a lot of pain。 Now I'm new guy。

 Now I'm player Supremepreme。 Im player Maximus。 right I'm player player of the world now。

 I want to be player of the world。 And player of the world guy。 you know， he's like， well。😊。

Girls fuck me over。 So now it's their turn。 And I only want pussy。 I have no feelings。

 I have an ice box where my heart used to be。 It's actually a song。

 I have ice in my heart or it used to be。 I have no emotion。 You know， it's like， I just slay pussy。

 man。 I ask all I care about。 Like girl wants me to go on a date for drinks。 I pay for drinks。

 We can have drinks at my house。😡，Right， player supreme。

And I went through that phase too and you'll go through that phase， and that phase is very。

 very normal because as for the reasons I mentioned before， and you pass through it。

Because eventually get to the phase where you're like， well， I've had sex with a lot of girls。

 and I still feel horrible。Feel horrible。 I don't feel fixed。 It didn't work。It didn't work。

 I thought it would work。 I thought it would heal my pain。 I thought I would be happy。

 but I just had as much pussy as possible。 It didn't work。 It didn't work。

 You're just like you're sad。 you cry。 You're like， what's the meaning of all this。

 What am I doing this， I don't even know。Right， you'll go through that phase too。

 That's a fun phase to do。 It's a lot like when you get a cool situation and the novelty wears off very fast。

 So the story I tell the little sad story I tell I lives in Los Angeles in a 10 million man for a year with RD。

 you know， sad story， Boo fucking who And when I did that， there was about。

So who here would like to live at 10 million man。 First's a lot of guys can How long do you think it would get。

 it would take for you to get bored of it week a week。 what， why， why you say a week。

 because you know， it's your surrounding Yeah， you get accustomed to it。 Who else？

 How long do you guys think Any else。😊，Someones。some a few months。

 What do you mean You're like the wow， There's no wow。 Wow， you're like。I'm tired。

 I want to go to bed that' you don't even realize where you are anymore。How long。

 months months what I found for me it was about two or three weeks and everybody that moved into the house that was working with RSD。

 it'd be about two or three weeks。About two or three weeks， you would find。Piss on the toilet seat。

You didn't find it the first week or second week， but on two or three weeks。

 you'd find piss on the toilet seat。Around two or three， we see find people like using your shampoo。

Around two or three weeks， you'd find， you know， like your stuff would be missing。

 People just borrow it。 around two or three weeks， people would be complaining when the hot water was used up for the shower。

 It was weird。 It was weird。 It's exactly on schedule。 Every two or three weeks。

 You just get bored of it。 I remember also。We put， we bring girls back to the house。 And at first。

 they'd be like， wow， this is amazing selfies， selfies。

 And about when you bring a girl back to the house， usually about half an hour。

 she starts to get weird。 She flips from like nice girl to like weird， like evil girl half an hour。😊。

After about half an hour， she'd be like。What you don't have any perer water？

You don't have any you don't have any purified water to tap water Like yo， girl， chill out。

 We just brought you to like the top of the mountain and like what was so nasty。

 We to kick a lot of girls out。 Half of the girls we pulled back to the house We to kick them out。

Because they just wouldn't appreciate it。 about half an hour， it's like an entitlement thing。

 By the way， I think entitlement goes up and down。 I think entitlement is。

 so check this out entitlement guys say， how do you be more entitled， You get more girls。

 You fuck a lot of girls， You have a lot of girls chasing you， You feel very entitled。

 And then the girls stop calling you You stop chasing you。 The entitlement goes down。

 So entlement is not a static thing。 It goes up and down all the time， okay。

So the girls would feel not entitled for the first 30 minutes。

 and then they'd feel entitled after 30 minutes。 It was the craziest thing I'd ever seen my life。

 And it used to drive me crazy。 Like， I think might have also been because we were in L A and L there a lot of like celebrities。

 They have mansion parties and stuff like that。 But after about 30 minutes just they turned just complete bites。

 It was so disappointing。 bring us great girl up。 which is a great personality， half an hour。

 You see the bad side of her。 And so They don't know why。 Yeah， I've asked them why。

 They don't know why。😊，Like because you should have water。That'd be their answer， right。

 like you should have what， like it's an emotional decision they're making， it's not a logical thing。

I think part of it also was too， because you bring a girl to a really nice place。

 you'll have this too and you bring a girl to a nice restaurant。

A very nice restaurant and on one hand， she wants to be like thank you for bringing me here。

She wants to be like， thank you for being me here。 I appreciate it。 But the other hand。

 she doesn't want to look， She doesn't want to get played。 She doesn't want to look weak。

 She doesn't want to feel like you do this to every girl。 you bring a nice。

 you bring a girl to every girl to your house。 You bring every girl to a nice restaurant like， no。

 I don't bring every girl to a nice restaurant。😊，You're just trying to manipulate me。So in one way。

 she feels like you're trying to use the thing to manipulate her。 and she resents you for it。

 and she  plaes out。 It's the craziest thing。 happens with dates， Too。

 That's why what happens if you bring a girl to a nice restaurant very often。

 you don't have sex with her that night。😊，you guys like， I know。 I know。 I' experienced it。

 I spent 5000 crs I that that ， $500 actually I spent。😊，Oh1000 coronas。

 and she she don't kiss me at the end of night， right。I've had that， too， by the way。

 guys are laughing because you guys know。 you spend a lot of money on a date And the girl doesn't even kiss you。

 Meanwhile while he's taking a girl to a bar for like beer and you end up making out with her。

 you're like， what makes no sense Because the girl feels like she's entitled to it。

 And she feels like you're using the cool the big experience to manipulate her。

 And she starts to resent you for。' like， he's doing this to try to get something。😊。

So it's actually basically fucks herself out of a good situation。 It's horrible。

 At least Western girls do。 I don't know European girls do that as much。

 I think we European girls are a lot better than like。 Thank you。 Thank you。 Thank you。 Thank you。

 Thank you。LikeBefore you walking into the restaurant like thank you， thank you。

 what do you mind lived in the Ukraine？And he says when he's in the Ukraine。

 girls would come like they would come to the date with like Hershey's kiss chocolate。The chocolate。

And offer him chocolate all the date and also offer him like a glass。

 This is souvenir glass and he chocolate thank you for for me on date Thank you And also he said like be in the club and you know these people that always sell do you guys have the people that sell roses at the end of the night the old guy like rose $5 rose。

 yeah that so he said that when you buy a rose for the girl and then she sees you give another rose to another girl shes。

What is this， Why， Why you， Why why you buy roles for her and roses for me， Why you do this。

 What is this， I don't understand。 So they take it very seriously。 Apparently， Ukraine。

 are our girls should like that， too。Do you guys talk to girls？the real questions。

But a lot of people want to be like individuals and like standard standard own。

 So they don't want you to buy stuff。 timere like no I've seen that。 I've seen that。 Yeah， I had a。

Daton Zurich， I brought the when Zurich， I bought the first round of drinks and she brought the second round。

 and last night the girl bought me pizza， like a whole pizza。She's like， no， no， I， I， I have。

 I pay for this。 I pay for this。 I'm like， okay， yeah， I can see the very independent。 one is like。

 I can stand on my own toothbe。 I am like in a nice way， though， not like a rude way， but a nice way。

 I like that。 I appreciate that because America's the exact opposite。😊，It's like。

 buy me something or I won't even say hello to you。 It's like the exact opposite land of opportunity。

 America， the America dream。😊，You know what You saw what how you saw they chose Trump， right。

 That's what Americas like。 anybody ever been to America， A couple guys。 Okay， Yeah， it's get。

 it's not getting better。 It's getting worse。 They。

 they chose like like the thing about Trump is kind of funny too is Trump like didn't actually explain anything。

 How he's gonna do this。 Like， we're gonna build a wall how they're gonna pay for it， how they will。

😊，America's the best， why， because we're the best。What's the explanation， No explanation。

 You'll have guns in the street。 why， what， what about the gun violence， You'll have your guns。

 It it's like there's no explanation of why it's just emotion， right， So yeah。

 the girls are like that， too。 I deserve。 I， I want dinner， but you don't know this man。

 He doesn't know you。 I want dinner。Do you like him， I don't know。

 I'll decide so you want this man to take you to dinner and then then you'll decide if you like him。

Yes。It's crazy。 The craziest thing here I find the girls are more like。

 if a girl goes on a date with you because she's actually open。

 like here I find she's open to the idea of dating you。 She's open to the idea of liking you。

 She's open to the idea of。😊，Like going to dinner and like kissing you。 like in America， like。

 like in America， I almost have to do like。When I go out with the girl。

 I I say one or two things before I go on the day， I say， hey， be sure to wear something cute。

 so we match。And also say， I'm really excited to find out if you're a good kisser。 Okay。

 I say this before every single date I go on in North America still， because sometimes they go like。

😊，Why are you trying to kiss me， like we're on a date？You guys are like， what， Ca for you。

 It's kind of strange And America， don't， they think I'll just go on a date with the person。

 I'll take the date。 I'll take the， I'll take the the dinner， and then I'll decide if I like him。😊。

Like， it's like liking the guys not even a thing on their mind at the moment before they go on the day。

 It's so weird。 You guys look sad。 You guys look sad reviews。

 Some guys are like getting like tears of their eyes just like。Poor comrades， my fellow comrades。

 Yeah， and here I find the girls are more like， yes， we go on dates。😊，Yes。

And they're on a date because they note like they have admitted to themselves it's a date。

So to the guy， I think you asked the question of what makes a good city or a bad city。

 who was that that was you。 It's where the girls emotionally are at the same level logically where they're like。

 yes， this is a date and yes， this is what happens on a date。 America， it's like。We we're on a date。

 it's a date， still buyby stuff。But I don't know if it's a date。So retarded。

 So it's makes no sense at all。 Yeah， question。 but doesn it make it easier to get on the date。 No。

 makes it harder。 Yeah， because the girl might like you。 date Yeah， cause the girl might like you。

 but she doesn't wantan to go on a date。She's like， he's kind of cute。

 but I don't know if I want to date anybody right now。Some damage just。Yeah， was hanging out。

 But then what happens is you go to make the movie what， what are you doing。

 I thought this was not a date。 Why are you trying to kiss me， It's， it's so backwards。

 It makes no sense。 Since I got here， I just like， oh my gosh， it's amazing。😊。

Today we're eating at the restaurant and the girl like comes and she's， I'm like。

 do you want me to move， she's like。Yes， sorry。It's okay to be sorry。 Thank you， Su Thank you。 no。

 no。 Thank you。 Thank you。 It like， Thank you， going on。 I'm like， this is amazing。

 The girls are appreciative。 Like they， the girls just， I think the girls here just。

 they appreciate men more。 They， they understand the relationship of a man and woman more。

 They they're， they know what it means in America or North America。

 They don't really have that as much the relationship with a man and a woman。 They're just like。

 oh my gosh， like he's men。😊，Now， it's like， oh， I want to find good men。

Girls on Tinder here are on Tinder because they want to find a good man。

 Girls in America are mostly on Tinder because they are open to that idea of acute cute guy。

 but they're not gonna to put any effort into actually meeting up。 I find here。 If you say。

 I am free Sunday。 Gos， let me check my schedule。 Sha she goes。😊，Couns back。 My schedule is Sunday。

5 o'clock， or I can do Monday，3 o'clock or Tuesday at 7。 Actually she gives you her fucking schedule。

 you guys， is that a common thing here。 Yeah， Why is that They want to be reliable or what does that mean for them to do that。

😊，Do you know it was something before。 Okay， we'll get back to that in a second that。 Yeah， Yeah。

 Does anybody know why people are like why girls like that here。Have。Heaven， because it's heaven。

 That's why， because it's heaven。 Yeah， you guys know realize how good you have。

 It's fucking amazing。 They're notre They're still girls are still emotional。

 but they're not as retarded。 This is incredible。 It's really incredible。 What's that。

 I think they're excited about meeting someone because they They're not used to it。 Oh So're like。

 I meet men。 This is I meet men。😊，Yes， maybe we get， is it like maybe we get married kind of a thing。

 Maybe we get married， have children or not even that。 we're like， this is new。That's really cool。

 I appreciate that。 Yeah， you were first， you gonna say something。 you were saying that girl。

 some more appreciative to hear。😊，Don't you think that is related to you coming from a different part of the world。

 because I feel that girl from Middle East are extremely appreciative when Swedish girls are just feminist and angry with me。

min really。So the， the tourist feature， the tourist， oh， he's new， he's exciting。 I don't。

 I don't know if that's really a big feature， A big factor。 I'll tell you why。

 because the girls that I'm talking to are like 30 and 60 km away and they're willing to travel sometimes to come down and meet。

 So for a girl who's willing to travel， I think。😊，She's not that impressed that I'm Ta， like， oh。

 he's Taurs， he'll fuck me and leave， great。Like I don't think a girl's excited about that about getting fucked in and I leave。

So， but the girls here are Swedish feminist。 That's interesting。

 I think it could be also maybe the way you engage the way a man typically engages the girl。

 Maybe I don't do it the way that you guys do it。 Maybe I'm very different。

 Maybe I don't have conversations about the same things that you guys have conversations with with the girls。

 Maybe I don't even know about the Swedish feminist。 I don't even go down that route。

 I just completely like， yeah， we're having fun。 maybe that's what it is。

 Or it could also be because I mean， you could be a little bit because like， oh， he's Swedish。

 So he he should treat me traditional Swedish way。😊。

Does that exist as her traditionalish Swweedish way of man treatedated woman。 What is that。

 What does that look like。With lots of respect and not。King on her。Really。

 you should not hit on earth。Nice guy， you said？I think it's completely。You know way。是。

Sometimes when I talk to girl。I'm really excited。Who is this person who talks with me in a drown？

Like they， they get really excited。 I think this is the。The Swedish myth。Like like。That you。

 everyone is like。Neutual and shouldn't stare at each other。 But when it happens， if you do。

Right usually it。うん。And I see that a lot。那就保持。Yeah， I found it in Zuric， too， So when I was in Zuric。

 which is， I don't， about an hour flight from here， when we turn the heat down to here。

 it's fucking hot， iss that possible。Can somebody look for the thermostats see if you can turn it down。

50 horny dudes in a room。Getting hot in here， boys。It's a old technique we have take off your shirts。

Is that it there？So you can just turn it down a couple degrees。There's a notch for it。 Yeah。

 open a window because its。Ca this box。Is there windows？Is there windows that can open？

These are big S ones。 Okay， this one doesn't open here。 I don't know if those ones open。

 All right so。yeah， all right。Yeah， so when I was in Zurich。

 I found that people are not open to the first。10 seconds of conversation。

The first 15 seconds iss like， why are you talking to me， You don't know me。

 Why are you talking to stranger。 First 15 seconds。 But then after the first 15 seconds。

 they kind of went， they kind of got excited and happy Like how you're saying， like， this is new。

 This is person。 I found that was happening。 maybe， that's a little bit the same here。 Yeah。

 or direct or indirect。 Good question。 I the girl always knows that I like her。

 You know how indirect。😊，It's not the words I'm saying。 It's the energy behind it。

 Does that make sense。 No， okay，er what's my opener。😀Okay， okay。Indirect， indirect。Indirect high。

 Hey nice to meet you。 Oh， hey， nice to meet you。 Nice to meet you。😊，Right， that's indirect。Direct。

 hey。Nice to meet you。Yeah， yeah。That's correct。 Okay， So it's just the intention behind it。

 So it's not the words。 I can say anything。 And the intention behind it is that I am a man who wants you。

 right， So I always approach like number two， and I make you blush just like that。Com in。

So that's the idea。 Yeah， it's just different here。 I don't know。 We'll see anyways back to the。

 back to the story。 So the story is you'll go through that phase where you fuck a lot of girls。

 have sex a lot of girls， and you feel like shit about it。 And then。You're like。

 what's the meaning of this， The novelty has worn off。 This is all boring。

 I'm bored of everything is what's， I feel nothing and I feel nothing anymore。 And thenre like。

 I don't even want to grow you go through the face where you don't even want to have any girls at all and。

Myself traveling。I'm pretty much like meeting a girl every city I go to。 You know。

 I have like three days free in the city and three days。 but within three days。

 I usually can like pick up a girl meet her date a little bit in three days and。😊。

In those three days， it's cool。 It's enjoyable， know。

 but I've done this now on the 32 city World tour。 So 32 cities。 that's like New York， Montreal。

 Toronto， Los Angeles， Miami， Zur， sweet。 everywhere。 and it kind of gets boring after a while。

 too I'm like， oh all these great girls that I've I've met And some of them。

 I would never want to see again。 Some of them I actually do want to see again。

 Some of them I'm like， yeah， I would love to go to dinner with this girl。

 We don't have time to go to dinner becauseuse I have an airplane the next day。

 So explain my schedule。 It's a little crazy。 My schedules like this。😊，My schedule is。

 we fly into a new city on Monday。Or sometimes Sunday， is it Sunday or Monday， Sunday， Okay。

 so Sunday flying to new city。Jet lag tired， sleep all Sunday， it's Monday。

Monday we edit the video from the week before， Tuesday we probably still edit the video from week before。

 we have sales meeting， we have marketing meeting with all of RSD。

 and maybe Wednesday is only day we have free， okay， one day free， it's Wednesday。

Then Thursday is today's free tour。So we maybe work on a video， get some plans in the morning。

 free tour， come do a free tour， or recording free tour。 Okay， then I had tonight I have a boot camp。

 two students boot camp， okay， boot camp， sometimes three or whatever， boot camp。😊。

Bu cant fishes two in the morning， three in the morning， go home sleep。

Wake up Friday wakeake up Friday afternoon， maybe three o'clock。You want to get eight hours sleep。

 three o'clock， wake up， have some time to eat， do laundry。Edit the video we do today。

 boot camp again。Friday night。Wake up Saturday morning， hot seat at lunchtime， Ho seat。

 hot seat is 10 hours long， great program， amazing program will change your fucking life 10 hours long of yeah yeah yeah。

 you could do it right， 10 hours that then who can that night， okay？Bho care that night。 Gus what。

 Sunday morning， we God。So I meet a lot of amazing girls that I would wantanna probably date again。

 But I just don't have the time。 I would either have to fly them out to come see me in a city or fly to see them or whatever。

 so。😊，I think I'm at a point now where。嗯。I've learned that。How do I say。

 I've got a point where I've learned that I want to give the girl the emotions of a cool guy， Okay。

 I want to give her the emotions of。Meeting a guy who has a lot going on。 He's on his path。

 All of you should be on your path。 All of you should be on your purpose。

 That means you have something in your life that you're doing that you love more than the girl。

 If you don't have one， you need to find one。 figure out whatever it is。

 and that you love to do more than you love the idea of a girl。

 That means maybe doing music you could be a painter， it could be you're building a business。

 it could mean you're working on your degree。 if you're in school。

 You have to love that more than the idea of a girl。

 when the girl feels like you're on a path on a purpose as David data would say in the we are the superior man。

 you're on your path。 Also the bug of likekita I think talks about this as well。

 when you're on your path， she feels like okay， I'm at the center of this universe。

 She feels like she's winning because she's getting a guy who is she's getting a guy who。😊。

Maybe she can't get。Does sense。Every girl wants a man who's a little bit out of her league。

Every girl wants a guy that she cannot get。Every single girl wants a guy she cannot get。

 She wants to get the best guy that's possible for her。So even if she's。Unattractive。

