# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：26 开幕式 - 做游戏的清道夫 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。I don't actually do approaches。I don't do approaches。 You'll see me go do an approach。

 And from the outside observer， it looks like I'm doing an approach， but I don't do approaches。Okay。

I do this。I walk up， I chat， I meet。That's what I do Like I'm physically walking。

 I have to get there。But I'm not doing an approach。

The fact if you think you want to do an approach or do a pickup ruins a pickup before it happens。

 they say words are very， very powerful， so whatever language you use in your head to describe it。

Hurts you if it's not good， it's like if your language is to yourself money is the root of all evil。

 how successful are you going to be at money if your language to yourself is I could use money to help my family。

 help my friends take care of my sick relatives and have security and take enjoy moments with others who have also supported me then your definition of money is power okay and you're gonna to have a lot more of it or as Ty would say feel units right you're gonna have a lot more of it so if your definition of pickup is to do an approach or doing a pickup and approach the target。

Oh， you're fucked， you're fucked already。Okay， I want you to replace that vocabulary with。

Instead of those， instead of target approach or pickup， I want you think of walking up and meeting。

 meeting like just finding out she's about， walk up。

 meet her and that vocabulary will do a wonders for the first five minutes。

 even 10 minutes of your approach， okay。Also thinking about dates， you're like， hey。

 I want to get the date， let's get a date， right？Fuck that。

 you want to spend time with somebody that's worth it， you want to spend time together。

 even look at girls in that vocabulary and girls say， I want to spend some quality time with you。

 I want to spend some time to me to learn she wants you guys to enjoy each other。

She wants you to spend like time is valuable， time is money， time is worth something。

 she wants you guys to spend that resource of time with each other， okay， spending time。

Another one you look at guys say did you get the bro， hey bro。

 did you get the F clothes make out oh my gosh， it's horrible， that's all taking right taking。

 that's not a value giving mentality， it's not a win win doing an approach doing the pickup doing the opener it's not a win win mentality。

 it's a value take mentality so if that's your mentality， you're gonna suck。

A lot of guys will see me I'll go and I'll' probably to see me tonight， I'll be out。

 you'll go talk to nines and tens and they'll open up like this。Like I say hey。

 what's oh what's on like it's like a knife through butter because there's no approach。

 there's no open there's no pickup it's just meeting them it's a win win for both of us that's my mentality it's like dialogue I'm having in my head about it Okay that's the dialogue I'm having so what I want you to write down is this okay。

I want you guys to be the street sweepers of game。be a street sweeper of game a street sweeper is those things that walk through those like machines like zambonni machines like those big trucks。

 they have brushes and they scrape it like crack needles。Sevens。

 whatever creep up like all kinds of stuff sweep it up。 That's what I want you to be。

 I want you to be going about your life， just being friendly and social and talking everything。

 talking to everybody game is not one approach， one approach one set， two set， five sets。

10 set your life is a fucking set and you're just friendly and talking to everybody and eventually some girl comes along that you click with you have chemistry with that's what it is。

 I want you to see life as a big set and you are the street sweep。 The street sweep of game。

 picking up everything and talking to everyone， enjoying interactions with everyone that's what I want you to be fucking street。

😊。