# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：职业加速器（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey， what up， Madison Real social dynamicss。 And I just came from doing some dope shit。

 and that's why I have a robe on because when you wear robe， you do dope shit。 you just came from it。

 Robbes are only been for dope shit。 So I hope that in your future you were doing the doist of the dopist of shit Yeah。

 just having some fun at a great hotel out of Montreal here're doing boot camps and enjoying a spa with a lady friend for the weekend now。

😊，What I want to talk about today is the first video of the career series。 This has been really。

 really anticipated and excited。 people are excited about it。 Now。

 people I think people are excited about it because I promised to give the information the exact details of how I increased my income by 300%。

 Okay， in three years。 So I literally went。😊，Hundd% more，100% more。

100% more in three years back to back。 Now this is。Something that I really learned the hard way。

 I really， really learned this the hard way。 And I studied this and I went through a lot of challenges and tribulations。

 I had to， know I found myself in a situation where I was making bare minimum actually。

 I was doing okay。 just enough to get to buy， had a corporate job。

 But I just really wasn't happy in it。 And I thought that I didn't have enough money that than I needed to get that matched my potential。

 So I need to increase my income。 And I thought that if I increase my income。

 I could have a better life。 I can do more things。 I can share it with family and friends and stuff like that。

 So I really had this idea of what I wanted。 So the first thing I want to say is that， you know。😊。

I grew up with a very， very poor。Poor， I guess idea of what money is and what money is used for。

 My blueprint， my money blueprint， as they call it in the millionaire mindd seminars。

 my money blueprint was very， very low， and I had to kind of train my brain to want to get money because at first I didn't even want to get it My household。

 it was perceived that money is the root of all evil。 So because of that。

 I thought that money wasn't a good thing。 And I didn't didn't want it So I had to kind of develop an appreciation for money。

 and the appreciation was money can help you It can help you with your friends。

 your family to spend more quality time with them。 It can help you to appreciate them。

 It could help you to be with them， be in places， money can help you to have security in your friends and your relationships and your living situation。

 So you're not paycheck to paycheck or afraid of being homeless or afraid of not being able to eat。

I had all kinds of crazy situations back in the day man。 I had like baillifts that I was avoiding。

 I had， you know people that I owed money to。 I had companies the credit cards that I couldn't pay that were going into collections。

 I had all kinds of stuff at one point even dated the girl just because she was like financially。

 She said she was a millionaire。 And you know， I never wanted to see myself in those situations again。

 I even let go of a girl who was an amazing girl that I wanted to date。

 But I let go over her because this other girl had money， right And that's shitty man。

 I don't want to ever do that again in my life。 So I decided that you know。

 I had to make a change in some way。 And so I， I pursued this money thing。 And this career thing。

 Now， in terms of the career part。I just thought that my career at the moment and you might be in this situation。

 might feel that your career at the moment isn't what you hoped you might feel that you have huge potential。

 but for some reason， no matter how early you come in。

 no matter how late you stay and do extra projects how much you'd work the weekends or coming on holidays or you really just push harder than any other employee that you work with your boss just doesn't give you that fucking promotion they always tell you wait till the employee review。

 wait till next year。 It's always this next， next next project no no matter how hard you go at it。

 You feel like you just don't fucking get that promotion or you might be thinking that you're an independent person and you have you're an entrepreneur or you have a little business and you're thinking how can I grow it。

 how can I grow my own brand， how can I network better and things like that。

 So this is gonna be really fucking intense。 This is gonna be one of the most intense parts of boss and I'm gonna go straight into detail I hesitate doing this for a while because。

I didn't want to just give you guys some good ideas。 like， here's some fluff ideas figure it out。

 I wanted to give you the step by step by step process of what I did and how I did it。

 So what I encourage you to do is not skip ahead。 All right。

 I'm gonna release one of these videos a week。 That way gives you time to implement the information。

 That's the idea of boss to and boss， I want to not just say here's a whole bunch of like information like like know like a phone book。

 just go through and just at your at your will， just mess around。

 go from top to middle back the top or bottom to middle。 like I don't want you to jump around。

 I really want you to go through the process So you absorb all the information that you learn from it。

 and you can apply it。 It's not a course that you just think about。

 me's not a course that you just think about。 It's a course that you actually apply。

So no matter what your ideas about your career， the first thing you want to consider are what are your strengths？

You might think you know what your strengths are， but you need to really find out what those strengths are and dive deep into it Now there' two schools of thought。

 One school of thought says that you should really become a niche in an area。 So if you do marketing。

 you want to maybe do internet marketing， if you do internet marketing。

 maybe you want to do adwords and if you awords， maybe want to do like certain things right That's an example。

 now you can also say maybe if you want to do finance。

 what kind of finance do you want to do what kind of economics you want to do maybe you want to do investing。

 maybe you want to do pay Though right you to one school of thought says you should really narrow down to what your areas and become an expert at it。

Now there's another school thought that says you should understand many different areas and learn everything。

 learn accounting， learn finance， learn marketing， learn customer service， learn sales。

 especially sales is huge for anything you do。Because sales is kind of the lifeblood of any company in any business and if you have sales experience you will do amazing right even with RSC instructors we train with some of the best salespeople in the world that train millionaires and guys that have double digit multimillion dollar companies we train with them in order to learn how to be better at presenting ourselves and relating to other people so sales is a huge part but so。

Those are the two schools of thought， right number one is。Hey。

 find a niche and really drill deep on that niche。 number two is learn a little bit of everything。

 Okay， I agree with both of them， no matter what avenue you choose。

 you still have to learn your strengths。 So this is the process you can go through to learn your strengths。

 So the first thing I recommend is the Berkman test。

 Okay This is a test that tells you that your occupational talents that you have。 You do a test。

 I think it's a little bit of time you sit down in a private room。 you do the test。

 And then you have a specialist。 this is somebody who's trained on administering the test and also explaining the test to you。

They sit down with you for about an hour and they break down all of your skills。

 all of your strengths， your weaknesses， your opportunities， your threats。

 and it's it's worth investing And because you're gonna have a benchmark for your talents and your ambitions and your passions I think about 100 to100 to $200。

 I think for the test， I'm not sure the exact price depends on where you are in the world。

 but it's absolutely worth it。 Think about it。 how much would it cost in time savingaving to know what your strengths are。

 how much would would would it save you financially to know what your strengths are and just shortcut everything that you're doing The next thing I recommend you do I've said it's a bunch of times。

 is get a book called Strengfinder 2。0。 that's a new one。 So strengthengfinder。

 it sounds silly you I have this book for a while， and I didn't read it to one of my workplaces forced me to read this book。

 Strengthfiner 2。0 is a book that allows you to essentially just look at。

All of your character strengths。 So I think there's 30 character strengths you can have and it tells you your top five ask you to do this online test。

 you get one code to do the test。 You can use it once。 you get one code， and then that's it。

 So you do the strength， find your test online and allows you to figure out what your top strengths are。

 And then it tells you how to go without expanding those strength， those areas that you're really。

 really good at。 so that's the second thing I want you to do。By the way。

 you want to sign it for all these this week。 Okay， the test for a strengthfinder book is like $14。

 You can even go do the website， I think for like $9。 You don't you have to buy the book。

 So it's really dirt cheap。 Okay， last but not least， there's a thing by T Lopez。

 I think he calls it thearian deesttiny。 I don't remember all the components。

 but there's a few good components here that you want to apply。 So there's four。

 I think in the hiarian deesttiny。 And there's three of them that I want you to really think about okay。

What are you passionate about right list a few things that you're passionate about。

 maybe three or four or five things that you're passionate about the other one would be。

What do your friends compliments you want what do your friends say is good about you so your friends might say I'm really you're really you know you're really good at networking。

 you're really good at talking to people， you're really good at making plans for us。

 you're really good at cooking cupcakes， whatever it is right your friends might say that you're good at。

So that's that part。 then number three is going to be， what is it about strangers？

And what do strangers say about you， All right， That's incredibly huge。

 That's probably the biggest one out of all three。 What do strangers say about you。

 Because strangers don't give a fuck， man， they don't give a fuck。

 they're gonna just tell you straight up what they think about you， what they like about you。

 they don't like about you。 They don't give a fuck。

 So they have the less investment in your in your in in line to you。 Whereas if you do music， right。

 your friends are be like， yeah， it's really great。 Keep it up。 Keep going。 Asome。 We love you。

 You're gonna be， you're gonna go platinum or whatever your friends will tell you that。

 your mom will tell you that your friends will tell you that your brother will tell you that maybe be right。

 But people who don't know you just don't care。 So if somebody meets you and they don't know you what what do they say about you in general。

 What do they compliment you on。 You want to find out about that and make those your your qualities that you you invest in。

So for myself， you know， it's different for everybody， for myself， when I did all this。

 I found out that I was good at concepts。 I was good at networking。

 which I already knew from back in the music days。 I was good at ideas and concepts。

 I also ideation or ideal， I don't know how to say it。 But that's like。

 you have an idea about the world making humanity a better place。

 have ideas about human behavior and like that， you want to implement those and spread those like like good love。

 So I was good at those things。 also business and strategy kind of stuff。

 So when when the the opportunity came up made perfect sense because that's what it is。

 It's networking， talking to people having ideas， concepts， explaining them， strategizing them。

 all that kind of stuff， So it made sense in my skill set to do it。

 But I didn't know that I should do it until I looked at my skill set you want to kind of Tylopez calls this doubling down doubling down on what you're good at finding something you're talented at and double down on those strengths rather than trying to。

😊，Do something that you're not fucking good at or you're okay at because a lot of people are okay at stuff。

 We all know an okay painter。 We all know an okay， an okay cook。

 There's too many okay people to really stand out。 So what you want to do is get your advantage and double down on what you're good at and capitalize on that and make that what you fucking go for。

 Now， in this part， I want to talk about the idea of brand do you， brand dot you。 Okay。

 this is the idea that you are a brand。 no matter what you think you are a brand。

 You are in a brand where you work， you're a brand， if you're an entrepreneur， your brand。

 if you're not employed， You're still a brand。😡，Everything about you is a brand。

 You are not a person。 You are hired。 If you have a job。

 you're hired by a company to fulfill a purpose。 That is it。 You do not matter at all as a person。

 Your job is to fulfill a purpose， If you cannot fulfill the purpose， you will be fired。

 If you fulfill the purpose， but you still create problems and headaches for others while you're fulfilling that purpose。

 you will be fired。 If you。Have the purpose of the job or if you fulfill the purpose of the role。

 but while you're fulfilling it， you create not even problems。

 but you just draw too much attention to yourself in a negative way， you will be fired。

The whole idea of having a job is only to understand that is's the， you know。

 bring in profit for the company and to make your， your boss look good， right。

 Some of the basic 48 laws of power and some other books that are about that， I'll get into as well。

 But the idea is that you are a brand。 You're not just there， You're a brand。 It's like。

 what do people think about when they think about you， What do they see when they think about you。

 So in this part。I want to go into exactly what it is to have your brand， which is what I explained。

 And then how to build and control that brand that you have。

 One of the things you can do or you should do right now the video is done。

 maybe open up a new window is control your brand on Google and there's a lot of books that are written about this。

 I think it's like new generation brand me or something like that。

 So I'm kind of taking some ideas that I have had in my experiences and sharing those with you Now you want to Google search your name。

 Okay， put your name into different variations in Google first name， last name， maybe last name。

 first name， first name， initial last name， your phone number。

 your email address and just see what comes up on Google， because if you're going for a job。

 if you're people are looking at you， if girls are looking for you。

 if you're going to you managed by a human resource company。

Everybody is gonna look at your name on Google。 Okay super key， super super clutch。

 You want to see what's coming up。 You also want to click on there's gonna be a little tab on Google when I put a thing here。

 a a little link for it or a picture there's gonna to be a little tab that also says images。

 and you want to click and see what are the images that come up for your name where do they lead what websites that they lead to because the average person is just do a search。

 they do a search for kind like one or two levels to kind see what comes up for you So this is very important to do to get an idea of what is your brand online。

 What's happening and how do people view you。 The next thing that you can do to control your brand。

 it help to grow your brand your presence same way a company has a brand or presence is that you can take work for free inning and taking work for free is one of the best things that you can do to build your skill set。

 So I'll give you an example， myself， I used to work in marketing business and ecommerce-commerce。

 And back in the day， I didn't really know this is back before like after。😊。

EBay but before like the whole Shopify stuff started and I would go and I take e-commerce work for free just so I can put the word ecommercemerce on my resume back in the day so I would go and do that and that eventually helped to build this credibility for ecommercecommer understanding So I did a lot of e-commer work for free even when I was an entrepreneur I would build I would do client work for friends of mine and friends of friends of mine for free know just for a review just something I could add on LinkedIn just for all this kind of stuff so。

😊，What you want to do is start taking that work work for free。 The advantage of it is two things。

 One of the things is you're gonna be able to get a huge skill set。

 you're gonna learn so much about things。 You're gonna to learn about your area。

 you're gonna learn how to solve people's skills。 that's the first part。

 you learn that and the second part you get to add it to your resume， Add it to your work experience。

 Add it to your reviews， etc。 So there's no downside of taking free work。

 You just want to make sure that it's not like work that completely exhaust you So you have no energy for other things that are important。

 But I definitely definitely recommend that you take some sort of work。

 maybe like one to two clients a month for some extra work of what you want to do to build your brand。

 and really take an take the advantage of offering yourself in your services freely to those people in exchange for the review。

 make it very， very clear up front。 This is what you're doing what you're trying to build。

 And if they're happy and satisfied your service。 All you ask for is a review or recommendation of your work。

 All of these reviews and stuff， really add up to one。😊，Central point。LinkedIn， LinkkedIn， LinkedIn。

 LinkedIn， LinkedIn is like it's the basically it's like the new Facebook man。

 LinkedIn is the new Facebook。 I signed up for LinkedIn maybe I don't know，5， six years ago。

 and I saw how they gradually built out this website the same way they build out features on Facebook So Facebook has like video calling。

 has phone calling has like group chats now it has private rooms has like all you know timeline has profile picture videos。

 all these fucking cool features that it builds out。

And they have all these cool features also in LinkedIn。 Well not the exact same ones。

 but different ones that they've now added。 So LinkedIn is highly underrated man。

 If you're not maximizing your LinkedIn， like you're fucking stupid， just like straight up。

 like it's the first place people go， I'll tell you why LinkedIn is a new face because LinkedIn allows you to post articles you can post you can join groups people that have common interest。

 So for example， if you're into fashion fashion as your thing。 you're a designer or some kind。

 you can join a fashion group for your city or for your country where there's thousands of other people that are there。

 and you can post articles that you written about this subject， which helps you define jobs。

 helps you define work。 know， you can go into hiring groups。

 you can go into people that are looking for work。 All kinds of cool shit that's out there， man。

 all kinds of cool shit with this Linked you can do so。😊，You can post that Also on LinkedIn。

 you can what else can you do， you can go to your page。

 your LinkedIn page and you can list reviews of work that you've done。

 samples of work that you've done and people could look at this maybe put some examples here and people could look at that and they can say oh。

 here's some example of what I can expect for the working this person So it just build this online like social proof man it's a crazy amount of social proof where you don' have to really say shit like you can just have a proper email but you stand out above everybody else because the quality of what you established that's gonna take some time It's gonna take you know。

3 months，6 months to do this。 But this is an investment that forever changes your career or changes your life。

 So it's worth it， right， I recommend you get the advanced LinkedIn so you can buy like a premium LinkedIn。

That allows you to even search for contacts or certain types of titles in areas。

 So if you want to network of people that have if you want a network of people that have like I guess expertise in a certain area or people that could be considered potential clients you can look at them based on the industry and section of the world that they live in and contact them and send them emails。

 which is amazing。pe part about it is if you send an email， I don't know if they still do this。

 But back in the day， if you sent an email and you paid for the opportunity to send somebody email and they don't answer it in like 7 to 10 days。

 LinkedIn will refund you the money for that email or the credit for that email。 Anyway。

 there's a whole bunch of crazy features， man on LinkedIn this is like。

The bread and butter of what's gonna help you excel your career。

 So I definitely recommend you get into that shit。 If you want to check it out。

 I think there's a great guy who X specializes in it。 I think his name is Rick I， the LinkedIn guy。

 You can do a Google search for him。 I think it's like R IC K。😊，Lettter I。 and then the LinkedIn guy。

 He comes up。 He's like a LinkedIn expert。 He has training materials on it。 He has， you know。

 advice on how to how to optimize your LinkedIn， what people look at first at the top of the LinkedIn profile。

 how people view it， what headhuers are doing， etc cetera， etc cetera。

 So I really definitely recommend that you do that。

Next thing I want you to do is build up your YouTube。 That's right。

 You're gonna get in front of a camera。 and you're gonna build a YouTube。

 Now I did this back in the day with my career。 I built up YouTube。

 I did like I didn't even do a lot， really， I did like6 or7 videos，5 minute videos about a subject。

 And I just posted online。 Very， very， very simple。 Now。

 the reason you want to do this is it adds to your brand， adds to your credibility。

 It adds to your public speaking skills right If you can speak to people。

 That means you can be a leader。😊，Let me put this together for you here。

 if you can speak to a camera， it means you have speaking skills， it means you can be a leader。

 leadership positions or leadership for management is often considered a huge skill that gets you a higher pay grade。

 you can do the same job， but if you do the same job in a kind of a leader role。

 you automatically make like 15 or 20% more than what you're making。 So if you made 50 k。

 you would make like 60 K just from having that leadership part So it's incredibly what it can do for your skills。

And for your career。 So what I want you to do is just start a LinkedIn on sorry start a YouTube on a channel on a subject。

 It's very， very interesting to you。 Something that you can rattle off on and give practical advice that you're potential employers or clients could be looking for。

 So basically what you want to do is solve their problem。 So 5 or six of their problems in a video。

 That's it。 Think about what they're going through what they're experiencing and solve their problem and create a YouTube video about it。

 Now， making a video is very easy。 You don't need a lot。 you can actually take an iPhone like this。

 This is an iPhone 6。 You can take an iPhone， even iPhone4 or 5。

 I did mind with an iPad back in the day。 And what you do。😊。

Is the little jack here for the microphone， iss little jack here。

 And you can buy a microphone for $9 on ebay。 Okay， it's a $3。

5 mm audio microphone with a wire kind of looks like this， but it's just the wire。 Yeah， it's not。

 this is like a huge $7001， But this is， you get a little one for $9 from China or something like that。

 And then you get a stand for it， little clip stand。 It kind of looks like a selfie stick stand。

And you a little tripod。 you set it up。 That's it。 You can go to a nice location in the city。

 you know， go to a business area， film a video， you can do it from one from your house。

 You can do one from an office。 You can do one from just somewhere that's just nice scenery。

 a little five minute video。 you make some takes。 And if you want to edit the video。

 There's even a program here called Splice that you can go into or any of these online programs。😊。

The program here called Splice that you can go into download the app and allows you to edit the video on your phone or I move here any the shit。

 right just upload to YouTube。 That's it。 boom， done。 get a little intro。

 maybe go to $5 FV E R do com have somebody make a little intro for YouTube videos costs $5 to do it。

 And you're set， that's it。 So literally the investment of I don't know。

 one hour of your time recording these videos and $5 to get the intro microphone is $10 that's 15 maybe tripod is 1540。

 So you can probably increase your income by $5000 instantly by spending $40 an hour of time like think about that right Like how ridiculous is that just by having the extra presence。

 you don't have to be amazing speaking， just be decent improve your skills work on those skills。

 I also recommend you take a Tomasters class。😊，Tlls Masters is a public speaking。

 public speaking sort of like。Order or chapter in your area。 It's a class of group working seminar。

 and they teach you how to speak。 And often you actually go to Toastmasters for free。

 The first three toastastmasters are free and they'll help you with yourums and your legs and your pauses and your metaphors and your stories and engaging with audience and all kinds of stuff like that。

 All right so do that you're gonna see an immediate return absolutely。

 It's something that I really took pride in。 I did it for myself。

 I'll bring put a little sample of a video here that I put。 and you guys can see it。

 And I did for myself。 and I saw immediate returns。

 I remember making it probably additional $10000 in a few months just from doing this。😊。

