# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：10 价值 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I want to talk about values and how values can be practical and how they can make sense。

 At this part of your journey， there's gonna be a whole bunch of aspects I want to start talking about。

 and they're gonna be kind of abstract to you。 And the first one being value。

 I don't want to present it in a way that makes sense It's tangible and you actually apply it。

 So the idea of value， So what are your values。 Well， in order to have value as a guy。

 you must be a person with values， having values is what you stay true to， what you hold on to。

 what are your principles， the way that you see the world， the way that you see yourself。

 your mission statement， and how you affect everyone that's around you， That's your values， Okay。

 what you want from yourself， your mission statement in life and what kind of person you want to be。

 That is your values。 Now， a lot of the time， life is gonna be like an ocean。 It's like a boat。😊。

In middle of an ocean。 And you were that boat。 and you're just there， man。

 And you're at the whim of the ocean。 You're at the whim of life or just knocks you around side to side。

 And you really can't control what's happening if this is you off and it frustrates you。

 What I want to have you do is no matter what the tides of the ocean are like。

 no matter what the waves are like， you are still the person that's in control and centered。

 you are yourself， you are pure and honest in your values。 no matter what life is throwing at you。

 you can roll with those punches。 That's my idea of value and how it can affect you。

 So the actional item here is values。 What is it mean to you and what is it mean for you。

 values help you decide what in life is going be for you and what in life is not going be for you。

 So there's things are gonna gonna be yes that are for you， and things that are not gonna be for you。

 valuesue are the exact point。 The exact angle。 the exact center point that you make your decisions from。

 Okay， so decisions is the action yes。😊，know but where in the line of life is a decision made is your values。

 your values are how you make the decisions。 What you process decisions through your mission statement in life。

 know what kind of person do you want to be and do opportunities and do those decisions that come up they fit your values So that's what it is for you now values used to be the currency of so many generations before in the past I think know for many。

 many years the value of a person was their values。

 their character was really important I know Steve even in some cultures right now。

 you can't get married to somebody unless their family knows your family and you have to have good character right you have to be wellknow or respected in the neighborhood things like that a lot of cultures in the world is still like that。

 So they respect character and respect to values but it's kind of a lost art form I think that's very important for everybody this day and age especially you your self-developing to think about this and think about what it means to your self-development Now how does this relate to pickup or self-development or。

Or whatever you learning It affects guys and girls equally the same。

 Have you ever been in a position where you always feel like you're chasing。 you're just chasing。

 chasing， chasing， you're always pursuing somebody， no matter what you did， you're at their win。

 So that is you living out of your values， living in alignment out of your values。

 you want to be more in alignment。 So for example， take somebody the dinner and they don't respect dinner you're you chase them。

 you try to get them to appreciate it， you're coming out of alignment with your values。

 when you see somebody and you're just trying to get their attention so much and you're just pursuing them。

 you're getting out of alignment with your values。 So the idea is you want to stay。😊。

In as close alignment with your values as possible。 Now。

 what that does is it creates a vacuum effect。 So people like。

 what's the benefit of've even having a value。 Why is it gonna benefit me。

 How would it benefit me I don't really see the importance of it。

 I think what essentially happens is when you have a value。

 It creates a vacuum effect to others around you。 So this is you。

 you're staying true to what you think how you feel know， open a discussion， of course。

're staying true to how you think how you feel you're staying true your mission is。

 And then people see this and say how you're unflinching you're unflinching。

 you unwavering and yourself， You've kind of planted a flagpole in the earth and the dirt of who you want to be。

 And because you have that flagpo there like， wow， thiss not moving。

 This girl is not moving She's very centered I respect that。

 So it creates this vacuum effect where people try to fill it in。

 You'll see a lot of my stuff online。Pick up stuff will'll see me do an approach and it doesn't necessarily go well。

 but I stay true to what my values are and eventually because I do that the girl kind of buckles under that that vacuum effect where she feels the need to fill it in she's even curious about what kind of person I am and she wants to fill that in by getting to know me better another way we say is that if you want to have attraction within somebody。

 the way to create attraction is to have them react to you。That's what it is。

 You can't get attraction with anybody unless they react to you。 They have to be reacting to you。

 One way to do that is to have very， very strong values。 You have those strong values。

 They start reacting to you because you know you're allowing that vacuuming space。

 And therefore they feel that emotions within them and it creates the definition of attractions。

 That's another way that it's useful as well。 The application of values comes down to people's behaviors to you。

 And also how you react to their behaviors。 There's always a decision point that you have。 So know。

 something bad in your life happens。 boss getss mad at you。

 coworkerworker tells you all starts of rumor。 girlfriend， boyfriendend really just crosses the line。

 say something or doesn't do something you want to do。

 There's all kinds of situation that happen like that。

 And there's a moment where you can pause and think about it and say， what is my reaction gonna be。

 and it's my reaction in line with my values。 That's something you think about as a person。 Okay now。

What you need to do is this。 you kind of decide what your mission statement is。

So what I want you do is kind of just take a moment。 You know， it's 10 minutes。

10 minutes would be a good amount of time for today。 Take 10 minutes and write down。

Who you are right now。 So basically， go through the who， what， when。Where， why。Okay， who what， when。

 where why the how of your life。And you also what we want to do it is called the SWAT analysis。

 which is your strengths， your weaknesses， your opportunities and threats。

 and that's going to be just an assessment of your values right now。

Then you're going to look at yourself。5ve。Maybe 10 years out。

10 years out might be a bit of a stretch。 Okay， but at least go for five for five years out。

 What are the values that you want to have for the future you。

 for the future you that you want to be， What are the values that you need to have for that person to become that person。

 That person that you imagine yourself in the life being in the future being。

 What kind of values would they have。AndW writeite that down。

AndNow your goal after you've done that for 10 minutes as well。It goal to be to say， all right。

 this is who I' am now。 And this is the mission statement of who I want to be in the future。

There's a gap there。 How do I act as if I'm that person already， How would that person act already。

 I'm gonna be that person in the future。 How do I act as if right now。

That I'm going to be that person。 just consider that。 Think about it。

 The situation come up people cross the line with you and。

 things go well when things go not so well and you're scared and you're。

Situations and you're just overwhelmed when you're nervous when you don't know when rent's gonna come in。

 when you don't know that person is gonna call you back for that date or the job interview。

 how do you respond to things like that， that is being aligned with your values。 Okay。

 so think about that， values are very， very important。

 and they're gonna affect everything else we're gonna do from here on。

