# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：25 开幕式 - 今晚节目类比 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Tonight's show analogy， the tonightn show analogy。 This is something I got from Jimmy Fallon。

So I don't know。 I think Jimmy Fallon's okay。 I mean， you see he's kind of funny。 I like him。

 He laughs his own jokes a lot。 But I guess it's this thing。 So Jimmy Fallon。

 they interviewed him one time for the tonight show。 They said， Mr。 Fallon， Sir。😊，They said。

 do you always want to do this tonight show， and he said。Let me tell you this story。

 to be perfectly honest， sometimes。I'm at home， it's the night of the show or we're recording that day and I really don't want to do the show and then I get in my car and they picking me up and I drive to the studio and I don't want to do the show and then I sit in my makeup chair。

And they're getting me all dressed up with the makeup and the suit and everything。

I don't really feel like doing the show。 And then。😊。

I go up to the stage and the curtain's there and I hear him go hit's the tonight show with Jimmy Fallon。

's like hi fucking don't want to do this show。 And then the curtain dolphs he's like， hey guys。

 what's up Jimmy Fallon tonight's Show。 welcome everybody。

 thanks for tuning in right and then he does it。That's when he feels like doing it。

He feels like doing the show when he's doing the show。Not a second before。

So there's gonna be a lot of approaches where you feel that way。 I still feel that way。

 I never feel like doing an approach。 I never do。 she's like super hot。 I'm like。

 I want to like have babies with her like 10000 chocolate babies or something like that。

 that's the only time or like an excess Sunday night swim。

 I I really want to have children there Okay like that biggie song。

 I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby baby，right then I want to do the approach。

 that's like once a。😊，And'm not gonna to get good doing it once a。

 I'm not going to any results with once a day， 1% odds， okay。

 so you're only going to feel like doing it once you're already started doing it。

 not a moment before， don't let your emotions lead you， don't let your emotions say oh。

 I'll do it when I feel like it。She's not the one。 I'll do it when it's the right one， I'll know。

 when I feel like doing it， I'll know when I'm in the zone。Wait until I'm in。 when I'm in。

 then I'll do it。 She's walking too fast。啊。I don't like her nose。randomandom， random， random。

 random other rationalization， okay， you don't want to do that， you want to do it anyways。

 you're never going to feel like doing it， you got to do it anyways， you will never。

 ever feel like doing it， you do it anyways， then you wait for the good emotions to come。As a man。

I day and age， your emotions are going to lie to you， your emotions are going to mislead to you。

 do not trust your own emotions。没意。See your mind by trade。Okay。

Now I can know what to do I told what to do now I have the two sets all day。Shiit， it' push it。

 I got no game now I got get work shit， I'm to I'm the instructor mode。 I'm not in the logical mode。

 I can't do it where。啊。あ。I don't like her， I don't like her， she's aroused。

Oh my friends maybe come and talk to you because I was shy so here I am Yeah what's up I'm the next retardt of the evening Oh no I don't Oh really thank you there's been how many has there been ittequila jacks I'm guessing was there a lot of retards there？

Cool， how did that go？Ha。😊，It's a beautiful thing。 It's a beautiful thing。 It's love。 Its love。 Well。

 once you go black， and Ex， look， never go， you never go back。

 you never go back you never go back once you go back where are you from where are you from。😊。

