# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：14 想法&执行力 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Execution。Execution。Execution。I wake up dreaming， thinking， wanting， living， breathing， obsessing。

 strategizing， planning。On execution， execution of what it all comes down to。

 You hear the expression that execution is key。Or execution is king。 It's all about execution。 Now。

 why is execution so important， Because the expression says every asshole has an idea。

Every asshole has an idea。 Every single asshole has an idea。 The way everybody has an asshole。

 everybody has an idea。They could be assholes， but also they have an asshole。 they have an idea。

 right， everybody has an idea。I should do I I can totally you tovent the best restaurant。

 Why this restaurant。 I I can do it better。 This restaurant sucks。

 Why does the subway have this turnstyle thing like this。 If I was in the subway guy。

 I would do it better。 Look at the city。 so much construction。 Why can't they do construction better。

 So many pothole， Everybody's got an idea of everybody。

 But it really comes down to the execution of that had idea because everybody has an opinion。 myself。

 personally， let me tell you a crazy story。😊，I invented。

The debit machine that's mobile comes to your front door， not the square payment one。

 but the one that you get when the pizza guy comes and he's asking you for a debit card or your credit card。

 so I went to a company one of the larger companies in the States and I had this idea and I wrote up the paperwork for。

 we did it。I was about to patent it， but I couldn't patent it because I didn't have a working prototype。

The working prototype was very important for the patent because without a working prototype you it's just an idea essentially there's no execution in it so I lost that you know。

 it would have been I don't know， maybe almost billionaire or a multimillionaire instead of hundred thousandaire or hundreds thousand there or whatever。

 I don't know so。😊，That's what it is。It's so cute， it's all about execution， man。

 it's all about execution。 you know， you think with the greatest basketball teams， Phil Jackson， B。

 what do you have？What's that， what's that， it's not the rock， it's triangle offense right。

 Michael Pippin， Grant， right Triangle offense or Michael Pippin， Steve Currr， you know。

 all these guys， it's all about the execution， the championship teams execute。

 they execute when they're winning。And they also execute， have an execution plan when they're losing。

 All right。 So you probably know what you would do if you're a fucking killing。 you're like， oh。

 if I'm killing him， I'd execute so well。 then I just slam。 it's your plan for when you suck。

We ask you how do you get back on track when you suck？When you are out of shape。

 how do you condition yourself so you're around， a lot of people that support you。

 How do you make it so that you get up and you just stretch in your bedroom。

 One of the things I do a lot is guess from the heaven pagan program， altitude。

 I think or wake up productive。 I would just get him have a morning ritual。

 I'd literally roll out of the bed with pet Didity ass my1 o'clock yelling at me。 I got faith。

 I believe myself more than God。 I throw the bed， do push up， do crunches。

 do I think planks for like， I don't know，30 seconds each。Then。Brerush teeth， shower。

 instantly go for run or go for run brush teeth shower， come back fruit it smoothie。 That was it。

 And read a book， read an audio book for 20 minutes。

 right You can also incorporate your financial relationship or 20 minutes of finances in the morning before you actually head out of your house so。

😊，What's your plan for when you're sucking， That's my plan It got back right on point。killing you。

 So it's all about the execution， not just when things are going well。

 but also when things aren't going so well。 And what is your execution with yourself。

So with execution， it's all about the finish line。It's only about passing the finish line。

 It's not we't have the finish line at all。 It's about passing it like literally passing the finish line。

 everything you do before is useless， useless， you're here this expression Jack of all trades with a master of none very old expression just means that you are so good at so many different things but you can't master anything you can't finish well。

 It's all about the finish it's a lot like you know kung fu anything like that or any kind of martial arts that you hurt yourself。

 you don't fully extend through it， through the brick or the board and you're breaking it。

 which is doing half hurts you。So it's about passing the finish line because you don't see the results in an area until you actually pass it。

 Nobody cares if you don't pass the degree unless you go to a job in another area and you do better。

 Nobody cares if you almost got the girl。 Nobody cares if you almost you know。

 almost went to the gym， Nobody cares if you almost got that vanguard index 500 investment。

 Nobody cares， man， nobody cares。 if your mom， your mom cares a little bit， people not that much。

You know your mom wants to successful， she also wants you just to be home with her。

 so nobody really cares。The execution is all about passing the finish line。 Okay。

 I'm going to give some great examples。 I know a friend of mine， a buddy of mine。

 You actually used to be a music partner， my music friend of mine and lived in my house for a bit。

 this guy was amazing， amazing， Probably the best music producer in Canada when it came to urban music that I've ever met my entire life。

😊，He actually was amazingly good， he's so good that I've never made anybody better since then， okay？

Is a natural talent。Natural talent。He'd sit there and sit there and just make amazing music。

 You never heard of。 People would like literally come and ask if they can invest money into him because he was so good。

 It sounded magical。 But the challenge was he couldn't finish。 He would start his musical projects。

 and then he would never put them out， never， ever， ever， ever put them out。

 because he never put them out。😊，Not a lot happened People were respected when they came listening to stuff。

 but they never put him out， maybe got two pieces of music out in three two or three in like three or four years when I say pieces I mean songs。

 that was it。Now。When you on the flip side， compared to a guy like Little Wayne。

 which actually is kind of funny here， You're gonna to hear the story。

 guy like Little Wayne was just putting on music， putting on music， putting on music。

 putting on music。 And that's a guy who got really good at executing so that he just had better stuff to do。

 Now， the funny thing of my friend with the music。 This guy， he actually was in a group with Drake。😊。

I won't even mention the name of the group because then you can research it。

 but he was in a group with Drake several years ago before Drake blew up。

 and part of the thing was he didn't want him singing on the songs and Drake wanted to the sing so they had to falling out because Drake was about executing something he knew getting it out He wasn't into that so。

The funny thing is that he ended up going with little Wayne who was in the habit of executing new things right so you can see how that triangle worked out you might know some musicians。

 some artists， some people that want to start businesses， know fail fast， fail fast。

 they'll stay current as the expression goes learn fast like lean startup style the more you fail the fast you fail the more you learn that's a good thing。

 you want to get the habit of executing even if you don't understand everything fully you execute。

 but you don't want to execute a point where you're executing so hard that you can't recuperate when you fuck up。

 You still want to be able to allow yourself to fuck up every once in a while and you don't just go bankrupt or mess your whole life up't pass that But idea is that you do want to keep executing the opportunity to strike because。

Van， life is so short， life is so short。Another thing with executing is you don't want to get in the habit of faults executing because the mind's crazy。

 man。 The way the mind works is that you could feel like you're executing what you're not actually executing。

 Give you some examples here。 Okay， so part of being an RSC instructor is will look at your video。

 your video log。 Are you putting out videos regularly。 It's a very， very hard thing to do。

And a lot of people will make videos and not put them out because they don't want to get judge by of the people。

 they don't want to， you know， whatever the reasons a perfectionists， but you just got to do it。

 just put them out， just put them out， hustle， hustle， hustle， crush it， crush it， put them out。

 put them out， right。Think of a really， really pretty girl that you know。

 Think of a pretty girl that you know。 Think of a few。

And think about their Instagram page or their Facebook page。Now， if you're thinking about it。

 there's a little small box that is the description， and I bet it says CEO of myself。Or it could say。

 CEO of makeup artist Inc， when you know she works at Sephora。

Or could say that she is you know having some sort of career ambition and you know that it's grossly exaggerated。

 right， founder of blah， blah， blah， blah media when you know she doesn't even have a MacBook pro。嗯。

I think that happens because as we brains get wired for dopamine we get so much reinforcement from feeling good positive emotions。

 We tend to almost feel we almost feel like we have that success already。

 We almost feel like it's there。 We almost feel like we're executing。 So this is the crazy thing。

 man。 You can get high off the feeling of that you are maybe executing when you're not， like。

 I'm executing， you know， sit there like， yeah， I'm executing。

 this will be times wherere like we could do a photo shoot for boss。

 And I feel like I'm recording boss， but we're not。 recording boss is recording boss。 right。

 Theres times we make a phone call that was a very productive phone call。

 That was a really good meeting。 Good business。😊，We talked about the issues。

 good business business meeting， and then everybody walks out the business meeting。

With no actionable items you have to have every single idea in the meeting。

 It has to have an action item and has to be assigned to someone or else it doesn't happen。

 So you want to be wary of the idea or the the cautionary tale of feeling like you're executing because it's very easy to feel like it when you're actually not You want to get hooked All right。

 hooked just on straight up execution。 The execution is the reward。 The work is the reward。

 not the feeling of executing the actual executing。 So what is your homework for today。Very simple。

 execute。Execute， execute， execute， execute。I want you to think of three things。It's three。

Three things that you've been putting off。3 things you've been putting off。 Okay。

 now I want you to do the first one right now。Right now， if it's a phone call。

 it's appointment a doctor or government office。Do it right now。 Okay。

 if the government's closed and obviously you do first thing in the morning。

 but think of another way you can do it right now。 do it right away， Ex it right now。

 Something that you know will have a tangible result in your life you' be putting off。

 And the next two things I want you to do early in the morning， the next three days。 Okay。

 so day two， You put it up middle finger。 day number two。

 you start the day and you do it first thing in the morning。 before you leave your house。

 you do this thing， first thing as you wake up， you roll to the phone， go to your computer。

 you do it。 day number3， I want you to do the same thing as soon as you wake up。

 And this is a principle by Brian Tracy called eat the frog。

 which means that you do the hardest thing， the first time of the day。

 because that's when you have your willpower to do it。

 so I want you to wake up and eat that disgusting frog Ex that thing。 you know。

 you need to do first thing in the morning， for the next three days。 do one right now。

 and then do another one tomorrow， another one after that right， so execute that frog。 eat the frog。

 which is execution。 And I'll see you in a little bit。

