# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：56 死亡，磨难【加微信kc58567获取更多此类课程】 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

You know， when I was much younger and I was going through this process several years ago。

 I decided that I need to find men and have that development of my life， I said to myself。

Let me hang out with old guys， so for about a year or two。

 I becameman librarian of a fraternity and I I hung out a library from which every day。

And when I was in that library I learned a lot， I learned about death。

OkayWhen I was around those guys who were 6070， I learned about death， how so？

I learned about death because they didn't fear it。Okay， they did not fear it。

If you hang around people that are 70 years old， 80 years old。

 they you're to fall into one or two categories。Either they're miserable。

 they're fucking miserable and they hate everything they've done in their life and they like they like nobody so that's one category you have the other flip side give have another category where they're almost like children have you noticed this you hanging around an old person and some of them are giddy and happy and joyful just like children。

And you ask yourself， how is that possible？You probably have a grandmother or you've seen somebody's grandma and that grandma gives candy away there's the candy grandma with a fancy red pants and her snazzy。

 why did they just not give a fuck？The answer is this， it's very， very subtle， it's very。

 very nuanced， I'm going to explain something here so I'll try to catch what I'm saying if you don't understand。

 let me know。The answer is it's not that they don't give a fuck anymore。

 it's that they care more about something else。They stopped giving a fuck about the things that don't matter and decided to care more about life。

It's not that they don't care about dying， that they care more about life。

Because they care more about life， they can enjoy every single moment they have。

 they can suck the fucking juice out of every single moment they have。They appreciate it。

It means more to them。So here you are at your death。You were at the death。Of the olds you。

And you're there。Watching yourself， the old Jew lying down in that casket right on the floor。

And as you stand you're over yourself now at the completion of boss and you look at your old self。

 how do you feel？Do you wish that you can just climb back into that old body and be the same person again？

Do you wish you can just sink back into the comfortness。

 sink back into the status quo into what you know and what's familiar？

Or you look over yourself high and mighty， I'm not that person anymore， that person was pathetic。

 I'm above that， oh my gosh， I'm so happy I got past that。

What I want you to do is look at your old self， look at your dead self。With humility。By that， I mean。

 I want you look at your old self and say。Were I'm the same， I'm the same now as I was before。

 I just understand more， I know more， I'm improved， but I'm the same person。

Because you never want to be above your old self or below your old self， you just want to appreciate。

Who you were， because right now， who you become at the end of this course。

 this person would not exist without that dead version of you in the ground。You would not exist。

 you would not be the same person that you could be today。Unless that person was there。

So I want to say thank you， I want to say thank you for going through boss。

Which is a life course that you will come back to over and over and over again。

And I also want you to say thank you to the old Jew。

 say thank you to the you that died and say thank you to your past。Say thank you to your past。

All the pain that you went through， everything that bothered you， tortured you， humiliated you。

 judged you， say thank you to that， say thank you to those people。Because without those people。

 you couldn't be right here in front of me who you are today。And I want to leave with this charge。

Take this information， take this new you， and start living life again。

Take this new you out into the new world。Smell the air for the first time。

 say hello again for the first time， fall in love again with that girl for the first time。

Reiscover your ambitions。Your goals like what do you want to do in your career。

 what do you want to do with your life， what are you passionate about？Find that over again。

 fall in love with it again for the first time。Appreciate nature。

 take time to literally stop and smell the roses。This universe at 16。8 or so billion years old。

And now you have your chance to be on it。Your moment in time。

My favorite nursery rhyme of all time actually。It comes to me from a friend of mine his mother died。

And at the funeral service， I thought about this nursery rhyme。Roow， row， row your boat。

Gently down the stream。Think about that。That's all you're doing， man， working， working， working。

 working through life， gently down this current， has ups， has downs， has bounces。

 moves you around a little bit。Then merrily， merrily， merrily， merrily。

That's happiness is a decision， youve got to make the decision to be happy， it's not automatic。

 happiness is a practice， it's a decision you make， and then last but not least， life is but a dream。

That's all it really is here for a bit， we're gone。Who knows what happens？

But you make the most out of it and you enjoy it， you enjoy your gift。

 you enjoy your birthright as a human being， that birthright is the happiness to be alive。

 just the happiness to be alive， the happiness to be alive man， the happinessies to be alive。

 that's the birthright。No one can take that away from you I want to thank you for。

Redicovering that gift， I want to thank you for being here with me。

 I want to thank you for trusting me， I want to thank you for your trusting yourself and I want to thank you。

I want to thank you。Hope to see you soon and welcome to the new Year。

