# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：12 荣誉 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

As your mentor， I feel obligated to talk to you about the lost art of honor。 You know。

 when I was growing up， I used to do a lot of martial arts man。 I used to do so much。

 I train in a little bit of jcando， I say Chi anddo， a little bit of Ta Kwndo。

I did box and did MA I did kickboxing did a little bit of mutt as well。

 And I'd always go into these dojos。 And in these dojos， they'd have this， you know， discipline。

 discipline， discipline of you do something small and you do it for many， many years。

 do something else for many years， many months。 and you slowly build up。

 This idea of respecting the dojo， respecting the garment， the ge that you're wearing。

 respecting the teachers who have worked past where you are and ranking。

 and they've gotten to this level。 always really contributed to the idea of honor。

 and the process of honor。 I feel like honor is a lost art。

 honoror is something that existed for many generations that connects us with their ancestors somehow we've lost it Hoor to me is this。

Honor to me is the execution of a silent victory。That's my personal definition of it。

 a silent victory。 Now， the idea was silent victory。 I got it all from a several books。

 It's it's kind of a historical principle。 The idea with silent victory is that。

There's victories that you have that are public victories okay。

 and a public victory is what people see happen。 So you might you know， win a business deal。

 you might get the employee the month award。 you might get celebrated by your colleagues。

 people in church， people in a social group。 people respect you。

 that's like you' you're winning publicly。 Yeah， you're killing。 you're slaing。

 you get some Ws there， right。Now， silent victory is a victory that nobody sees。

 It's a small victory when you leave your buddies and you come home and you work on your project。

 you're an entrepreneurial project from 3 AM to 6 AM on a Saturday night whenever race a loud party and going to sleep。

 It's a silent victory of it's really so simple and silly。 but you know， if you have garbage。

 you just throw it on the fucking floor。It's a silent victory。

 It's when you go to the bathroom and you piss on the toilet you clean it up。

 It's a silent victory of。Whether or not you actually make time to call your mother or not。

 Nobody knows。 And she's app。 She's begging you to call her。 It's the sound victory of。

Did you eat extra smoothie。Did you have a smoothie that was full of vitamins and nutrients in the morning。

 All these silent victories help to add up an integrity， but they also help to add up in your honor。

 The more you stay true to your values and your disciplines and your integrity stuff like that。

 It builds up your honor for yourself。 You become honorable。

 There may be people that don't like what you're doing， you be honor with them that way。

 at leastll be honorable to yourself。 It'll be happy with yourself。

 you'll be killing those silent victories constantly on a regular basis And just the fact that you can slay it and kill it with those silent victories does a lot for you And what your idea of successes because your idea of success can be one to。

 your idea success can be this huge big bragg your doio。😊，Everybody looks at me， you know。

 I got the car。 I got the watch。 I got the hot girl， etc cetera。

 Even when it comes to success with women， guys think when I get the hot girl then every'll see it And I'll feel good。

 I'll be accepted by others。 I'll know I've made it。 I can accept myself， etc cetera。

 But on another level。😊，The silent victories， the honor victoryies come from when you're just going out by yourself and nobody sees it I did for two years。

Dude， I went over two years by myself。Nobody's supporteded me， lost my friends。 silence。 You know。

 nobody had my back。 And was crazy to me。 And I did it for two years。

 that was very honorable because it was a little silent win。 little silent wins all along。

 And you know， I， I sucked a lot of times。 And I wouldn't learn anything。 But I stayed true to it。

 that's what was really important。 I learned a lot about honor in that process。 at this point。

 You're thinking to yourself。 Okay， Madison， it's great。 That's amazing。 That's awesome。

 This is lost art called honor。 And I should apply it。 And what does it mean。 What does it mean。😊。

Good question。 Good question。 I'm glad you're thinking this is good， right。

Honor is this is the execution of character。If you have character and you keep your character every fucking day in your life。

 you're grinding this character out to， you know， when you wake up in the morning to that fucking guy at the metro or the subway。

 you's just moody， you still say， hey， man， have a great day。 You know， etctera。

 all the way you get to metro and people bump you and you say you say， excuse me to them。

 And they bump you。 they don'll say， excuse me to you。 you say， excuse me that you bump me。

 And then you wait for them to say， excuse me， right， always executing， executing。

 executing all the time， all the time。So honor is the execution of character。 Okay。

 is the execution of character。 So this is what it is。 Basically， now you have your beliefs。

 you have your values， you have this established， You have this mission statement you wrote about who you want to be in life。

 who you want to be every single day when you get up。

 Now I want you to think about what are some opportunities for you to show that。😊。

What are some opportunities for you to show that person。 Now， obviously， there's gonna be some big。

 clear ones。 Okay， big， clear ones are like， I can go volunteer in a soup kitchen， and I can do that。

 And don't worry， those are in the experiences of a package of boss， the experiences package part。😊。

But what are some medium sized ways， right？ Do you a friend that does stuff for you all the time。

 What is the last time you took them to dinner， What is the last time you told them to thank you was the last time you got him a gift when it was the last time that you had a fight with a girl or guy And in a few days now and it's kind of。

 you know you thought it over and you made the effort to pick up the telephone and call them just to hear them just to listen to them。

 even if it wouldn't resolve the issue。Think about that。

When was the last time you had a girl or guy that you dated and you guys broke up over some bullshit。

 and you just called them to say you're sorry。Just for the， just to say you're sorry， just to do it。

 not to get back with them， not try to convince them of anything。

 not to try to say that they were wrong or you were right。

 just to call them back and say that you're sorry。That's it。just for the heck of it。Okay。

 those are ways to be honorable and to maintain your honor。 What I want you to think about。Right now。

 you know， it might be a little bit hard。 It might take about 10 or 15 minutes。

 but take 10 or 15 minutes and think about。Your mission statement。Yeah。

 you're thinking of your values and your character and all that stuff。

What are some opportunities that you can CA or you can create to execute it？Exec it。嗯。

It might even be， let's say with finances， if you're swing along your finances。

 being honorable might just be installing the app mint and just keeping track of your budget。 know。

 just being clear about that。 I mentioned relationships， health， honorably， you know。

There's different thoughts and ideas about this。 But if you're smoking。

 you know that smoking isn't good for you。 So when I go on Amazon and buy。

 I don't know if you can do on Amazon， but the。The grocery store， the the drug store。

 but just order a bunch of nicor wrap。 get started。 have your friend keep you accountable to it。

 have friends tell you that you tell you your friends are're doing this so they can hold you accountable to as well。

You know， whatever it is， whatever challenges you're having in certain areas and also areas you're already doing well。

 Think about how you can execute this honor。I think that even the definition of a society of Ho。

 right， let's say this is gonna be a little theater theoretical here， but you think of a judge。

 right， they call a judge your honor because a judge apparently is a lawyer that's been keeping the laws。

 keeping the laws， executing the laws， knows the law for a long time has been doing it regularly consistently is respected。

 and now they are honorable right， so being honorable comes from the execution of those values。

 Ex of。The execution of that mission statement。 So that's the idea。

 So I'm very thankful that you guys watch this video。 This is one you can get a lot out of。

 this is nothing you go and you do in a day， something that's a practice that you constantly come back to for many。

 many years and many many months as you think about it in your in your daily and weekly life。

 There's gonna be times where you don't feel like you're being honorable， you know。😊，And that's okay。

 You're gonna find yourself slipping。 This is gonna be times where， you know。

 if you're a guy watching this， This gonna be times where you like， the girl like。

 did you put a condom， like， yeah， I did。Right， it be those times and you don't feel good about it。

 so it's also important for you to learn from those times when you're not honorable and it catches you and you say。

 oh man I should I could have did that better I should have done that better and you think about how to actually do it better okay again。

 thank you so much for watching really appreciate it and to see you guys a little bit。

