# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：葡萄酒 - 成为世界上最有趣的男人（高清）【加微信kc58567获取更多此类课程】 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

嗯。This week or this month， on where you watch it in。

 I want to talk to you about the experience that you're gonna go through。

 And that experience is something that I value very deeply。 And I enjoyed very much of my life。

 And I'm gonna tell you the story of it And then it's about wine making。 That's what it's about。

 So wine making wine wine making what is wine making wine do it。

 wine making is a process of making wine either at your house or vineyard or going somewhere to do process。

 and I first got into a long time ago。 I got into this man maybe about three years ago。

 Okay so three years ago it's pretty funny。 I thought it'd be a great thing to do。

 my original idea was man， I'm gonna do winemaking because it's gonna allow me to make these bottles of wine for all my friends my family that I care about。

 And instead of giving people gifts。 I'm give them a bottle of wine that I worked so hard to make。

 That was my plan。 That's my idea。 And I also thought it'd be good to teach me patience。

 And it teach me a lot of things about myself。 And。😊。

last but not least I also thought it'd be pretty fucking cool to have wine all year around So typically right like PA guys or pick guys we go to a club and we try to avoid buying booze all the time because we're at the club all the time I bet a couple of you cheap bassstars try to avoid paying a cover as well right So you try to avoid that。

And I think it it's great to try to cut your expenses。 So back in the day。

 my idea was I'm gonna start making wine。 and I'm gonna make as much wine as possible。

 I'm gonna make a tons of wine it's gonna last me half a year。

 So what I actually I eventually do the math was you can get it down to around like $4 a bottle。

 if you start doing it pretty smart。 I'm like $4 a bottle。 I'm gonna have crazy dates。

 It's gonna be amazing like my word is gonna be like just sweet。

 like everything's gonna be all good invite girls over。

 I have wine know before I go to the club I'm gonna have wine like wine any time I want it all the time all day round all year round。

 all week round， whatever。 So I thought I can get about four to six months of wine。 I batch for $70。

120 Canadian。 And I was like， yeah， good plan， good plan。 So I started to make the wine。

 And I made it my first time I made it， I made it my mom's kitchen。 but all equipment。

 I'll show you guys some of the equipment here。 and I'll show you the process of making it。

 and I learned a lot man。 I learned that it wasn't as cool。😊，How it was going to be。

I need to buy carboys， I need to buy all these equipment， all the stuff。

 And I realize a lot of wine is just washing you to sanitize your stuff over and over again。

 basically like every7 to 10 days， you're doing this crap ton of washing It takes 30 minutes and you got to sanitize everything So it's not one speck of bacteria in it and I'm just sanitizing stuff washing stuff over and over again。

 double washing and triple washing and trying to get it perfect。

 you want to ruin your whole batch of wine because you need't clean properly and so it really got me experiencing this idea of patience right myself。

 I'm a very impulsive guy。Very impulsive I like to like to see something feel it just do it。

 just go out and just do it right， but I can't do that when I'm making one I had to like。Make it。

Wait， not drink it。Do a little bit more work， not drink it， do a little bit more work， not drink it。

 do a little bit more work， not drink， etc cetera。I learned that patience。

 when it comes to taking action， know， you might learn this from doing something like chess。

 which is one of the previous missions I had to do or chess。

 you're thinking about what is the longterm strategy。 the big wins， not just the short termm gain。

 short term solutions。 So with winemaking， it's kind of like that。

 but it's delayed gratification essentially you're getting the reward that you want if you could wait the 30 days。

45 days。 it crazy reward you can talk about it， but you don't want to fuck it up at the end。

 a lot of times with pick up or self-development or game even you're trying to do something with a girl and you have your patience。

 you have your shit together and then for some reason maybe like you're out on a date and it's like the last 10 minutes。

 just push it really hard。 you're push it too hard。 you know it's not gonna to work。

 but you do it anyways you go for a poll or you something that's gonna fuck it over。

 you do it anyway is you know not gonna work out in the end。 So that last the last couple minutes。

 you push it too hard。 you couldn't you couldn't wait。

 you couldn't just push off that gratification a little。

so that's the thing with winem making wine making you gotta stay true to the core the process all the way to the end。

 And let me tell you I enjoyed it completely So the way that I made is I get the great power of the grape juice I'd ferment it I'd add oaks in there I'd add all kinds of stuff in there I transfer it from different carvoys I' check the temperatures I check the concentration of alcohol all the stuff and then I transfer into bottles later on myself which is actually one of the funest coolest parts to do takes a whole day like botling days like the shit man it's like away botling day boom botling day has a arrived so。

Your mission this month。 It's not gonna be too expensive。 Okay it's gonna cost a little bit of cash。

 but it's。 gonna to be one of these maybe a month。 Your mission is get yourself a wine kit。

 It's gonna to cost you maybe 50 to $70。 maybe up to 120。

 your first time but every time you do it after that。

 it's gonna cost you way less Every time you do it after it's gonna cost you about half And the amount of joy it's gonna bring into your life is's gonna be fucking six gonna be crazy You're not gonna regret it all。

 You' gonna have girls coming over to your house that's wine for days。

 You even have to worry about it can just have wine like for everything。

 You' gonna be like bathing and wine，'re like a rat video。

 It's being crazy So I'm exaggerating just for fun， but you get the idea So you gonna have this wine。

 wine is gonna be fun for you to make because it's gonna teach you so much about yourself and your patience and being not outcome oriented。

 but enjoying the process。 You can't be like thinking about this big payday of the wine。

 but enjoying the process of making it It's gonna teach you so much about yourself as a person you're gonna grow and your experience。

😊，All these things you know my joke was when I started doing it。

 I walk into the store and people would be like， can I help you sir and I'm like， yeah。

 I'm here to buy some wine equipment'。Oh okay， they're a surprise it's not like an old Italian dude right if you're a young guy。

 you're 23， 24， 25 like that， this experience is gonna be something that older gentlemen would typically do and you're a lot about yourself and I be perfectly honest it's a really。

 really great way to also raise your sophistication。

So a lot of things that help you get very high quality women。

 either younger or older is your ability to talk sophisticated and know about things so because of this wine test stuff every time I go on a date with a girl and you know if she gors a glass of wine which half of them to do let's be honest。

 I'm able to talk about wine in the process of it able to talk about the countries so for example right。

Australian wine tend to be a little bit more tart as well as New Zealand in my personal opinions。

 I love California wines of the Americans and also the Ontario and Canada wines because they tend to be fruity there's a lot of sun that affects the grapes and it allows them to be a little bit more juicier things like how the land is slanted will also affect the wine and how the water falls and how the grapes grow ice wine for example when the ice is frozen pinot G where they peel the skin off the grapes。

 Piot Rouge where the red is actually the red is left on the grape so all these things that I'm saying to you guys you can copy this you can just say exactly what I'm saying here you go here's the information。

 copy it you know make a little fun routine out of it where you explain the wines to a woman explain the process you can also mention that wines that are in in a aluminum container tend to be if the white wines tend to be a little bit more pale。

They're done versus a wine that's like fermented in a wood container right it's very very old school Here is a cheap ass bottle of wine not that amazing。

 but you can see right here it said that it's 2007 Now 2007 might be the year the wine might be the house let's take a look here Does it say does it say it's the year。

Yeah， that is the year of the wine 2007 so that's pretty that's pretty it's a newer wine。

 but it's still pretty decent right， usually when you look at a bottle of wine。

 you're gonna look for the house age and typically the older the house。

 the better the wine is now you can get a lot of new wines like Kim Crawford or something like that but typically if you're talking to a girl and you're got a liquor store the older the wine is of the house。

 usually the better bang for your buck you're gonna get even if it's like a$10 $12 bottle of wine So you're gonna to learn a lot of about it like that。

 you're learn about s up b German reeselings， which are hustling I' pronouncing it right。

 those are amazing。 those tend to be a little bit more I guess crisp you could say you're gonna learn about the notes on the wine the notes it's like what is the scent house is it made I it pairars is it have floone there you're gonna say is it a dry wine you're going learn about a lot that kind of stuff who really just makes you。

ably incredibly sophisticated when you're talking about this stuff because you become a man of culture you become like the dosecties guy the most interesting man in the world that's what you want to be right just increase your life IQ。

 increase your swag and all that good stuff right so。

Your mission for this week or for this month is to go and start that wine kit It's gonna be a little bit of money 50 it's probably 100 bucks might need a car to transport it home。

 these things are like I don't know two or three feet tall these containers made out of plastic and just enjoy the process and learn from it。

 learn how it shapes you molds you and I would love， love， love love。

 love to see you guys post some photos of this into the Facebook group or into the Telegram Whatsapp group Telegram phone group or anything else of that right any of the boss groups post pictures have guys comments on it just enjoy the experience and maybe one day I'll see you and I'll enjoy your wine so keep in touch and I'll see you at the top。

