# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：46 言语游戏 — 避免逗趣模式 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Now， I'm just going to see this last thing for verbal game here。 The thing of verbal game also， too。

 is like。With this all this shit， you can it's very。

 very easy for you to get stuck into banter mode Does that make sense。

 you know what ban mode is I'll explain Banter mode is where you meet a girl's kind of feisty kind of witty。

 she kind of got a little spark under her， you know me a little chip on the shoulder and she' just like get into like a conversation with you' like oh yeah you're always trying to outsmart each other or out with each other。

 If you notice that shit happening cut it off right away It's very。

 very possible what to happen because you're going and being very polarizing。

You're very expressive and if that happens the girl's natural reaction is not to believe what she sees to kind of test it she kind of wants to push against your armor to see if you're actually who you say you are and who you're presenting yourself to be。

 she wants to push on that now if she does，Banner back and forth a little bit because bannering for some people is flirting。

 Some people don't know how to flirt besides bannering。

 But the idea is that not one persons trying to be right。 You're not all trying to be right。

 You're all trying to like separate yourelve。 Okay not everybody's trying to be right or wrong。

 doesn't matter who's right or wrong。 The idea you want to get back to flirting。

 You want to get back to the sensuality， the conversation。 You want to get back to the having fun。

 the joking around Okay so。If you notice banter mode is coming up。Cut that sheet off right away。

 so clutch， so cute because you feel like it's going somewhere because she's like talking to you and being receptive and she's like flirting and she's like teasing and like arguing with you。

 but arguing doesn't lead to sensuality， arguing doesn't lead to what you want to actually kind of pushes her away it's cool for a while but if you notice it happening。

 cut it off right away。