# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：29 技术力学 - 三大听起来很酷的定律 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。The first thing is voice， do you guys even have a good voice？Yeah， no Homo。Hashtag， no homo。

 good voice， all right， RSD， Obama， RSD Barry white， all right， so opening。With the voice。

 I'll tell you guys my secret to my voice。 this is it。

 I actually worked in my voice for a really long time。 My voice wasn't always like this。

 I worked on it。 Julian too， actually go back and look at old Julian D block like hey guys is Julian It's like we worked on my voices a lot So I'll tell you how I worked my voice My first thing I worked my voice I did is actually started working in radio a long time ago you used have a radio I didn't have a radio show but I featured on a radio show back in Montreal So I got this habit of recording my voice and listening to it over and over again I was like damn that's what I sound like be gross you really like you' were trying to set your answer machine and you listen to it back like how many times it's like your first take probably not it's more like your third or fourth take maybe and fifth take you actually take for your answer machine because get in the habit of recording your voice and listening to it back thiss how you naturally speak。

The first thing is I want to talk to you guys about tonality， okay， an authorative tonality。

 all right， so there's an author of tonality with your voice you want to learn to master back in the days of earlier pickup。

 we explained the three types of tonality， trying for rapport， your voice goes up at the end。

Neutral poor， your voice is flat。Or is this flat？And breaking rapport， your voice goes down， right。

 voice goes down。So those are the three types of tonalities right so you can say anything and sound the same it could sound different like I could say hey。

 I really enjoy talking today。Hey， I really enjoy talking today。 That's neutral。 Hey。

 I really enjoy talking today。 That's breaking rap。 There's a level above that。

 So what I try to do is have an authorative tonality。 Okay， I don't try to use authorative words。

 I try to have authorative tonality。 What does that sound like。😊，Imagine you're at work， all right？

You're at work。And your boss comes up to you boom this fuckcker again。

 this incompetent guy could take his job if they promoted me smarter ever better than him。

 He's not even that good okay he comes up to you and he says to you。

 he wants you to work the weekend， He wants you to work late。

 He wants to come in on the weekend and work a few extra days maybe Saturday。

So he says to you want to work Saturday， how does he say it？

How does he sound like and somebody imitate it for me？It' Saturday。Hey， you're working Saturday。

 what an asshole you worked there， I quit that job， how else could you say？

Somebody else want to give it a try， somebody else give it a try， yeah。SaturdayHey。

 why don't you come to say， right， hey， that's even better， close， we're getting better。

 we're getting there， somebody else。What？Are you exactly- a I' go he said that， okay？Hey， excuse me。

 are you available to work satday？Hey， excuse me， Are you available to work Saturday， Ex me。

Are you available to work Saturday？He's saying， are you？And he's asking a question， maybe we say。

 please， like are you available， can you coming Saturday， please， we really appreciate it。

Can I get those TPS reports， Yeah， yeah， TPS reports？The way he says it， there's an authority。

 even though he's saying can and please and thank you and all these words。

 there's still an underlying authority in his tonality so I don't want you guys ever focus on like puffing up your chest and focus on like talking du and like you know not staying can。

 please and thank you you can say all this shit as long you have an author of tonality and you talk to her almost like you would talk to the girl as if she is an employee at your company or you would talk to her as if。

As if you're kind of like her dad， essentially。Like you're a dad。Why are you doing that。

 is your homework done， you were not going out this week unless your homework is done。

Right no cell phones at the table young lady can have your can can can you come in this weekend please can you come in this weeky are you available to work this weekend right there's still that authorative tonality to it you want to have that in every single thing that you do now do you have to maintain it all the way through the conversation no because that would be weird and creepy and artificial but the majority of your conversation should have an author of tonality even when you tell a joke right even when you tell a joke you should be like blah。

 bh， blah blah， blah like watch why did you cross the road get to have the side。😊。

Like why did chicken cross the road， get to the other side。 Yep， yep， right。

 You have that power behind it like around is， that authority behind it。

 That's how you want to project your voice。 Now， another thing of voice is。

The rhythm in which you speak。Okay， rhythm and melody。 So I used to do music。

 I used to actually do rap music a long time ago。 I was a producer。

 a producer from some of Eminem's guys， a priest for guys across Montre in Toronto and Canada and it really didn't pay the bills very well。

 So artists never pay their bills on time So I stopped doing it But one of the things I learned is this guy was a rapper one time He's like。

 listen man， I'm like how do you have such a good flow He's like everything that I say has a rhythm to it。

 I go what do you mean， He goes， everything I say has a rhythm to it。

everything I say has a rhythm to it。 So there's a natural bounce in the words that you have。

 There's a natural bounce in every single thing that you say。 It's just a matter of， if you want it。

 except there。😊，All words have syllables， all words have syllables。Just accept it。

 accept the rhythm and the speech， and they express that， don't rush over it。

 don't nervously spit it out。Take your time and appreciate it。 Okay， go with the rhythm。

 The next thing is a melody。 Okay， write it down。 Melody。 So far， we've did authoritative tonality。😊。

Rhythm。Now， it's melody。Everything you say has a melody to it。Can somebody just imitate what I did。

見生や。Yeah， just a little bit less exaggerated。It's very relaxed， very relaxed。 Okay。

 Everythings game has the medy to it。 Sometimes this game we look to play。

 we say make everything you say sound cool。😊，So I'm talking about a microphone， microphone's black。

 it's awesome， it's got power， it's got some wires in it， all that good stuff， a little mesh on here。

 a little bit everything， it's got some tapes numbered， Yes indeed， the shit is numbered。

 yes indeed that's some batteries in it， you like batteries， your mom has batteries from dilldll。

 don't fuck around， I'm sorry， I love your mom， you're my son。

 I love your son okay so whenever I'm saying has a melody to it。

Most of the guys have a challenge in where they speak。

 everything's just monotone there's no life behind the words， there's no color to the words。

 any good public speaker has color behind their words， they have life to it。

 they have a melody to it there was a natural melody in there he's got to appreciate learn to express a little bit more。

Okay。So you want to avoid being monotone and you also want to avoid being two just like overexing。

 hey， there's a balance it， but you got to appreciate the voice tone of the mead。

