# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：奖金：适合老板的晚餐（高清） 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。Yo Cappasa Comma， Ola Chica， Boonjo， Miammo， Miyamis and Senorriitas Madison here with the last and final mission for boss。

 the last and final mission So you know when you first started this course。

 you didn't know what to expect， you saw the tagline you said you saw become the guy that men want to be and women want to be with。

Al， what does that mean And it probably didn make sense to you。

 And now it's kind of like you come circled。 It makes sense to you。

 and you understand that you improve your gain， your character。

 your values and you go to women and hopefully， you know。

 women that resonate with that will be attracted to you just based on that alone。

The execution of innerga and how that innerga all comes together in your life and your relationships and your family and your business and stuff like that all areas。

 all walks， all age groups And my wish for you is that if you follow this course every single module。

 you went out， you practice the things that you saw on the pickup part every week。

 you let to practice one of the things or a few of the things or a chapter。

 you went through the values， you wrote them down， your standards， beliefs， your goals。

 you went through the awareness， you're now aware of your own emotions。

 you have emotional intelligence， you have emotional like you， you've been social people。

 even if you don't want to sleep with them， you don't girls with sexual objects。

 you look at people that you can express sexuality with and they can express theirs with you。

 and you understand all that。Now， how do we bring it all together？

Your mission is I want you to create a dinner party， okay， I want you to create a dinner party。

Pretty soon in your mind you shoot for having it two weeks from now Now I used to do dinner parties quite very often I'll put some pictures up of dinner parties that I've done in the past。

 This was a way for me to keep in touch with friends and family when I was out of town I was traveling and I was busy most importantly is a way to connect other cool people with each other and that's something you actually say when you're connecting people say I want to interview cool friends that I know to each other that I think would get along。

And you create a dinner party and it's a way to keep in contact with everyone。

 but it's also a way to invite new people into your life。

 new people that are not your social circle yet。Invite them into your social circle。

 In them into your world， the things that you naturally do regularly。

 and also spend time with them in those hobbies that you have。 that's like after the dinner party。

 But for now， What I want you to do is just create a dinner party。

 Now you can have a theme dinner party。 You can have one that's like's say a potluck dinner party。

 but really is everybody going to cook。 I don't know。 You can have a very， simple party。

 like a wine and cheese party goes are very， very cheap to do。 know。

 go to the Costco or go to like some place like and get the grocery store。

 get a big box of wine for like 30 bucks and it have some nice fancy cheese for like 20 bucks do that some crackers and some grapes。

 that's very chill to do50 bucks you got a decent party going on。

 you could have a dessert party or it's like you let's say a Sunday evening。

 like a Sunday evening around8， you just have more for dessert。 got some case。 got some macars。

 you got some stuff like that。 cost 60，70 bucks。 do whatever you want。 Now back in the day。😊。

I used to。Actually go to Costco with my buddy and my roommate and we'd have these barbecue dinner parties。

 and we would like have hot dogs and all this like beer and stuff from Costco。

 and wed turn like 200 bucks。 And for us， the idea of 200 bucks made sense for it because we'd have 30 or 40 people come to these dinner with these barbecue parties and we had this huge patio in the backyard or we do it there And it was worth it because think about how much time you spend going out and picking up girls。

 Okay you spend a lot of time doing it， practicing it， you have a lot of shitty nights。 maybe，30。

40% of your nights or shit you know， when I say shit， I mean， they're not horrible。

 but you don't leave with the girl at the end of the night。Or sometimes you do。

 but most of the times he's got a couple phone numbers。

 you have really nothing to do with these phone numbers。 you know。

 I hate it when a guy sees a girls amazing， she's wonderful and a girl has a boyfriend It's like oh fuck this I'm out of here because there's nothing in it for him in that moment。

😊，tenThis is what you had to do。Every single girl that has a boyfriend and she's cool friends on her。

 like I'm gonna friends on you。 you ever been to friends zone before。

 I'm gonna friends on you like a lamp。 I'm gonna friends zone the fuck out of you。

 You're gonna be completely asexual to me like old piece of furniture or my apartment do that or just tea a little bit about it and get her phone number and invite her out and say。

 ask what she has any cool friends and invite them to this party and say， hey。

 bring your boyfriend to if you want I don't I might steal in from you or whatever pretend to be gay。

 like don't really pretend to be gay the joke about it。

 And she'll bring some people over to this party yours。

 I did this with girls that had boyfriends I with girls approach to like didn't seem be hot like They're iffy about me。

 I did with those girls。 I did with girls at work I'm telling you I like 40 people to show to my house。

And some of the stories were very， very interesting I into the details。

 but it was interesting and I always would end up like dating a girl from that party and itll cost me 100 bucks to date a girl from that party。

 Let me ask you a question， think about this How much is your time worth？

If you go out every day and you do cold approach， you're out of the club。Three hours， four hours。

 right， 10 o'clock to two o'clock in the morning。Is your time worth 20 an hour？

Is that it 120 an hour， right，4 hours，20 each， that's 80 bucks。

 I that not worth 80 bucks for a party？Isn't it worth it。 Like think about it。

 In't that worth having a really pretty girl who gets to meet you and your friends and your environment in your atmosphere。

 you're just a king。 Everybody knows you， you're bowling out， you're having a good time。

 Everybody's laughing at your jokes。 She gets to see you at your best。 Isn't that worth $80。

 absolutely is。 So budget this into if into your life。

 if you need to Budge this in once a month or once every two weeks。

 I say once a month is a good amount， by the way， though you want to if you have a busy life。

 you can't really overdo it once a month， throw these kind of parties。 when you meet a girl。😊。

And you get a phone number。 Tell her， hey by the way， every once in a while。

 I do these dinner party things。 You should definitely come check it out。 You know。

 last time was pretty cool。 We had music。 we had a DJ。 We had a little hidden little garden gnomes。

 Everyone's everywhere in the house。 If you found the gnome， you got a free shot。

 here's a little video of it。 Here's some photos from it。 Show your phone。 Go through the photos。

 Go through the video， show her， show or， Tell her about it。 Okay， that way also。😊。

All these girls who feel kind of strange about meeting a stranger like some girls feel weird about actually going out and meeting a new person for a date。

 They're actually nervous。 I had this girl recently I'm seeing right now as a matter of fact。

 she says that she has a lot of anxiety about dates。

 She wants to meet people but she feels very anxious about going on a date with a new guy And because she's so anxious about meeting people。

 she doesn't know what to do or what to say she just thinks about it。

 And she says to herself it would be easier to not go then it would be to go。

 I don't lose anything but not going。 there's tons of guys that want me all the time。

 So I'm just not gonna go right like there's always another guy she can imagine that she would go on a date with later on So some girls based on anxiety don't show up Well this dinner party gives those girls not all of them。

 but some of those girls an opportunity to come meet you in public with her friend。

 and it's a cool environment。 So you just you just get more just pay pays it off for you。

 And also now you developed this life。 know you're going。😊，You're doing cool things。

 you're doing the experiences in boss。You're doing the missions。

 You were now the most interesting man in the world like the Decs guy， right， you're now interested。

 You now have shit going on in your life。 that you're happy about。 you're proud about。

 you can share with somebody and and and talk about all this sophistication and all these foods that。

 you know and places you've gone to and people that you've met adventures that you've had you now could take all that。

 And you could talk about it at a party。 You'll never run out of things to say。

 You're always gonna have something interesting to talk about and do or share a story about or show a picture。

😊，so my point is this dinner party will be something youll do regularly for a little bit， know。

 as long as you want to do it two or three times， do it for a year if you want。But overall。

 it' just gonna dramatically enhance the quality of your life because it's something that you you' now to invite people into。

 It's something you get known for。 Oh， that's the guy that does the thing。

 That's the guy that does the blah， blah， blah。 You become cooler for it。 And you， you become also。😊。

Gain self confidence because you're doing this thing on a regular basis。 makes sense。 All right。

 so that is your goal。Really's dinner party， what did you do is you should also。

Here's how you actually write it Okay so you created all these numbers in your phone。

 you say them as contacts。 then you add them to a favor list。 So you have like 20 numbers。

 or 10 numbers of girls that you want to invite Most girls will not come alone So definitely make sure it's possible for them to bring a friend literally tell them。

 hey， send them a text once you're talking to them for a while。 The conversation is warm。

 Don't just invite them to a party out of nowhere because they're not gonna answer talk to them for a bit。

 know a day or so get the conversation warm hey， by the way， just this party。

 I want to invite you to It's gonna be all cool people that I think would really get along。

 I want to bring my friends。 you can bring your friends can introduce them。

 I really like connecting people and I like to meeting you people as well。 know smart。

 sophisticated guys and really beautiful and cool girls or whatever it is。

 So hey it' be happening this day， blah feel free to bring one of your friends we're gonna have drinks gonna have beer or probably blah bh blah after party。

 go dance， whatever whatever okay。😊，And say， let me know。And then see what her response is。 Okay。

 so that's how that's the text message you send out。 And once you sent that out。

 you also want to create a Facebook invite or Facebook group event。

It's actually called the Facebook event， not a group it's something different。 C a Facebook event。

 And then once the person said， yeah， I'd like to go say cool。

 I need to RSVP on the link because the up say they're gonna to come they actually fucking no come。

 make sure the RVP on the link and then send them the link or they have the link。

 they click it and you'll see how many people going to cover this event。And then last but not least。

 you'll prepare for the party， get the stuff that you need。

 make sure everybody can get in the door really easy。

 make sure there's a buzzer code that everybody has and the details in the description。

I found that texting people the day of the party doesn't fucking work， though。

 They seem to just like feel like you're chasing them too much。 or I don't know。

 like you really want them to be there。 I found texting people the day before works very well。

 So in Facebook you can send out a group message to everyone day before send out a group message to everyone from the Facebook event So everybody will get that message。

 you can say， hey， don't respond to this email message me privately so we don't spam each other。

 And yeah，s not day before theyll all come to the event and they'll be great。 So that's it。

 It's pretty simple， pretty basic。 nothing too hardcore。 It's going to be fancy。 Now， keep in mind。

 I think about 30 to 40% of people that actually say they're gonna come。

 well probably come my experience。 So a lot of people will have last minute cancellations。

 a lot of people say I'd love to come， but I can't have this obligation The family or friends。

 so I can't come。We're going to say all kinds of stuff。 So it doesn't really matter。

 don't think it too serious。Don't worry about it it's not you， it's just how people are。

 so you have about half the people who come will come and a lot of half of them won't come。

Myself personally， people say they're gonna come， but they don't show up。

 those ones that don't even give me any warning at all。

 don't even send me a message just flake completely。 I cross them out of my friends list。

 That's just like I don't fuck with that。 because they're not even keeping promises to themselves or accountabilityil themselves。

 I don't fuck with that。 Like friendships aren't worth anything to them or I don't know。

 I don't even know what where their deal is。 I can't have those kind of people my environment。

 So people that don't come and don't send a sorry message。 Theyre just I don't talk anymore。

 I don't lock them but I just don't talk anymore。 I glad let them weave themselves out or hang themselves with their own rope。

 out of their existence of my life。 So that's a boundary for myself。

 you don't have to decide where your boundary is。 people can't tell the same day's understandable happens or they just feel tired and sick and they knowt when it comes。

 It's all good。Alright， so people will come， you know。

 all you need is really make one of these things good to make a great， a great event。

 You just need honestly you need 8 people，8 to 10 is great。 You know， you can have more， absolutely。

 but 8 to 10 is a good number。 you'll have a party with 10 people。 You won't feel like it's a small。

 small group。 It's not not productive。 We're not fun without 10 people。 All right。

 so want to hear your successes。 I want to hear your stories。

 I want to see you guys planning your shit。 I want to see you guys promoting it。

 I want to know how you guys doing what you guys are going through。

 I want to see you post that telegram group。😊，I want to see you post that in the Facebook group。

And boss bros， that's it， that's all happened to meet， sorry to part， happy to meet again， cheer。

