# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：17 重生，回报【加微信kc58567获取更多此类课程】 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Donwei。No stress。Funny for you to say。It's an easy thing to say。

But it's kind of a hard thing to believe， right？You know， a friend of mine once said。

There's a difference between actually。Trying to be successful and then believing that you can be successful。

You know， a lot of people will start companies and they' entrepreneurs and they really don't have a lot of confidence in themselves until they make that first sale。

 a lot of my friends say when I made that first sale， that first $50。

That's when I believe that I could do it when I made that first sale， I got that first check。

I had a taste of success。Stiff， a success， I can feel it， I can sense it。

 I can just see it slightly out of my horizon。Now you haven't had it yet。

 maybe it's possible that you know， you're going through this rebirth now。

And you haven't had that success and you're thinking， wow， if I could just get closer。

I can envision it。So here is where you have to dig deep。You know， in spiritual practices。

 they call it faith， what is faith？Faith is this faith is。

It'sThe understanding that you don't feel that success yet。

But you're going to still keep going anyways。Imagine that。

You don't know for certain something's coming， it's not guaranteed to you。You can't sense it。

 you have no indication that it's going to happen soon， but you still progress anyways， you march on。

 you fight the good fight。Even though you don't know what's going to happen。

 you don't know what's going to happen， but you still do it， and that is faith because it's easy man。

It's easy， it would be easy for me to tell you， hey。You know。

 you stay on this path and a week from now， two weeks from now。

 you'll eventually meet that girl hey follow what I say and your bosses are gonna turn around and your boss is going finally appreciate all the hard work you've been doing so they're gonna to see how you've been applying yourself coming in early。

 leaving late and they're gonna give you that raise let me tell you I've in those situations and people goingt always give you what you want。

So I can't even tell you it's going to happen。So I'm asking you this， I'm asking to have faith。

I'm asking you have blind faith。Blind faith in the fact that it might not even happen before you at all right now。

But at some point it will。could happen in a week。It happen in a month。啊。What if I said？

What if Madison said it' going to happen in a year？If I said it was going to happen a year。

 would you still keep fighting， would you still keep going， or would you give up？

If I say it was going to happen in a year， you say， well， you know， Madison three months， maybe。

 four months， maybe but a year。よう。That's not up my alley。No， thank you。So that's your feeling。Then。

You're doomed already。Remember when I first started pickup in self development。

 I'll share a little story with you here。At one point I said you know。

 I'm really unhappy with the quality of women that I'm dating in my life right now。

 I had girls that were strippers， I had girls that were just bipolar。

 just throwing my stuff outside on the lawn， just ridiculous things I would just beg with them I plead with them I say baby please tell me what I can do just tell me I can make you happy no matter what I did the more that I try the worse it got。

The more I tried， the more mistakes I would make。And I said to myself， this needs to change。

 I hate to figure out how to date。Quality women， quality people， ambitious， loving， successful。

 feminine and caring of others。And when I did that。I got no results for a long time for months。

 I got no results， in fact， my results declined。And that's what you're going to experience right now。

 it's called the mastery curve， essentially it's this。

When you climb up essentially to the top of a mountain peak， you're very thrilled about your success。

 you're thrilled about your results， and you're so happy， you feel like you've reached a top。

 then you realize there is another mountain peak in the distance。Now here's the problem。

 here's the caveat。In order to get to that higher mountain peak， you have to first climb down yours。

Go to the valley。And then come back up again。So what that means for you， my friend。

 is your results are going to go down。You're going to see darkness。

 you're now in the winter of your life。The winter of your life。It's dark， it's not daylight。

 it's nighttime。But just like anything else。During those times。That's when you grow。

 that's when you get stronger， that's where you put in this silent hustle and you get those silent victories that no one cares about no one sees and you keep going。

 you fall in love with that fact。Because this is a moment of transition。

Moments of transition are hard for everybody because in the moment transition。

You don't know what's next， you don't know what's coming。

All everything you attach yourself to before is now unknown and uncertain the friends you thought you had maybe aren't so friendly with you anymore that girl you thought like you didn't like you isn't really like you so much that job that you thought you。

We're going to view at forever has now closed。This this old book by Dr。 Seus's amazing book。

 this man's a fucking genius。And the book is called All the Places You go， it's children's book。

Lots of genius in it， you know， I think in nursery rhys there's lots of genius in them because they're written to instill life principles。

 many of them are actuallyonic Masonic stories。 So anyways， in this book。

 he talks about oh the place he'll go and he talks about the waiting place。The waiting place。

And the waiting place is a moment in life where you're not neither here nor there。You're not up。

 you're not down， you're not doing well， but you're not sucking， it's a moment of limbo。

I'd like to welcome you to the waiting place， which is one of my favorite places in life because the waiting place is where you hustle。

 the waiting places where you return back to the Dojo。

 the waiting places where you look deep inside yourself and refine。

The waiting place isn't the place where you ignore it or you're scared about。

It's a place you glory to love。You come familiar with it， you go you'll go， a。

 I don't know what I'm doing with my life， my career， my friends， my health domestic。

 I don't know what I'm doing， I'm confused everything's working out what's going on。

 I can't it going。Don't get anxious about it， don't have anxiety。See。

 what happens as you mature mature as a person， you recognize that you come back to the waiting place every few years。

 one year， five years， 10 years， 15 years， whatever man， it's a wave， it's a cycle of life。

 you come back to the waiting place and you realize， oh， hey。

This is the waiting place I've been here before， I'm familiar with it， no problem。So get。

Familiar with uncertainty。Get familiar with that feeling of not knowing what's next and embrace it just part of the journey。

 and I'm here with you to guide you。Okay， I'm telling you this because I know that you're here。

 I'm telling you about this because I know how you feel。It's on purpose， I'm telling you this。

I'm here for you， okay， got your back。It part of the process， be strong， be focused。Keep the faith。

