# 11、麦迪森 《老板 BOSS》：核心内容：55 闭幕 - 4种拉动方式 【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。The four ways to pull are this。I'm going to go from most often to happen， but least successful。

To least often happen， but most successful， that makes sense？Okay。

 so something like four ways to pull， what's going to happen most often。

 what you want to go for and what's going to not happen and what you don't want to go for kind of the thing。

 all right？Whatever that was。哎。The four ways to pull are this。Number one would be。

You leave with girl。You just leave with that girl， you and her just bounce out， you guys just leave。

 you're just poof gone。ok。That's number one， that is the least likely that always happen if that is your goal every night and that is your only way to pull。

 you will not pull every night because you're essentially trying to get the girl to divorce or social alliances。

Everybody in the club now， if you show a lot of evidence up until that point。

 it can happen pretty regularly， I think like。Most of half of my polls might be like that。

 but it's not the go to， okay？Number two。You。Sorry， let me say number two。

 the group of girls come with you， so the group of girls come to your place to after party。

 the group of girls come with you。To food， that is't make you the second most likely results。

That makes sense。So the first one， if you says you and the girl。It's a one on one situation。

 one on one play。That's going to get you best results。All the time together you want。

 all the privacy you want， no judgment。Your best results going to come from that。

 it's going to happen the least often。The second best is going to be。

Those group of girls come with you to your place or your environment because you have more control over that situation and you're good with that。

 okay， you can control that a little， a little bit better。Now， whenever there's a group of girls。

 still the element of randomness， you don't know her girls。

 essentially I find sometimes like when you pull， when you pull get back to the house。

 a lot of the times like the dynamic can change， like the girl who was friendly gets like a little too drunk。

 the girl who was nice gets a little bit bitchy， the girl who was bitchy becomes nice and tired。

 like the dynamic changes sometimes when you go from the club to another venue so。

The group of girls kind of just fucks it up a little bit。 that's why it's second best。

 but it's very often likely to happen The majority of your polls。

 the majority of your polls will be a two or three set you bring back to your place。

 majority of your polls， okay。Not the one on one。Now， look number three is going to be。

 you go with the girls to wherever the fuck they're going。 You go with them to their house。

 You go with them to their hotel。 You go with that group of girls to the restaurant。😡。

That is the most likely to happen if you're going to pull every night。

 but you're most out of control of the situation， there's so many variables you can't control where they're going to go if there's going to be a cat when they get there that's like dead。

😡，You know， Eha going to some shitty restaurant far away and the girl eats too much food and then she gets tired and drunk and she wants to like throw up and like you can't control that many variables right because it's an unknown foreign environment。

 the landscape you don't really know the landscape。So as's not the best situation。

 it's the least likely to result in hookup or success， but really solid phone numbers， okay？

And last but not least the very， very last resort， but if you can't do any of these three。

 but doesn't happen very often is you isolate the girl at the club either。In a car， bathroom。

 wherever it might be， cabana。This is Vegas ice closet room。Yeah。That's the。

That's the least likely to happen。But in some situations。

 if you you tried to all of the three you've exhausted all of the three。

 that's the way you want to do it， okay， that's the way to go， that's the way to go。So。

Just recap really quickly。Okay。Four logistic questions， who you here with。

 how are you're getting your home， what part of town do you live， get the wick can really tomorrow。

 okay？The pulling trifca。Seating， leading， defeating what is competing。And last but not least。

The four kinds of polls。The isolation pool。The friends come with you， you go with the friends。

 you isolate in the club。Yeah， I mean， ideally you want to have the girls in a situation where they know that you want her their friend and they've accepted it because their friend likes you。

So they're like， okay I'm cool with it he's a cool guy， she likes him， she thinks we really into him。

 this is good we'll let it happen， that doesn't always happen though just sometimes。

Not always some girls are just going to be jealous of their friends no matter what。

 because they get power from playing the lesbian role or like that validation thing of like， oh。

 she's mine， you can't have her because it makes her feel good。

But it's not going to always happen just sometimes， just be prepared for it if it does。

There's not nothing you're sacrificing for it like initially when you're adopting a new behavior。

 your results may actually go down for like a little bit。

 but it for the long term with so you got to decide to yourself。

 do I want this short term good night or do I want to have long term success。

 I told you like three years ago or like four years ago it was I came to sumummit and I pulled 11 times in seven days no closes。

I went home and I rethought that shit hard， but I'm so happy that it happened because it taught me a lot。

I wouldn't be here today if that didn't happen， that makes sense like I wouldn't be on the stage today if I didn't pull 11 times not close and then go home and think about it and solve that problem。

So I deserve to get the girls that I get now because I solve that issue。So there's no bad references。

 they're all good。That's what I'm trying to say。