# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：02.金钱如何影响人际关系_02. How Money Affects Relationships【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

If you've been following RSD。You'll have heard a lot of people talk about how looks and money doesn't matter。

 at the same time， you'll see Tther wearing really awesome outfits because he has a great sense of style and fashion。

And you'll notice that。RSD guys like Tower myself now have a lot of really interesting things that can only be purchased by having a lot of money。

 including living in the largest house in the entire city of the Hollywood Hills our house here is so big that's above permit regulations。

And。It it's really。A popular topic for people to talk about how money can affect relationships so people have said look they're not superficial。

 but I do want to find out how money can be contributing to relationships because it can， yes。

 having the ability to pick up girls is something that you could do when you don't have money it's one of the few things you can do when you have no money at all。

But the same time， money can pay for experiences。Money can also pay for gifts to contribute to experiences for memories。

 especially in a dating relationship situation。Now。

 a lot of people used to have the attitude if youve been following RSD for a very long time。

 people were worried about what they call suffplication。

 which is the act of appearing to be begging for or having a sense of neediness by providing gifts or even buying drinks for girls。

At the same time， I don't think you need to worry about suffoc if you're coming from a generous attitude and you're coming from the frame of sharing and giving when I go with my friends。

 I'll buy round of drinks and every guy， I'll buy round of drinks and doing the same thing for girls and just。

Spending time with them， I think is completely natural and it's way more normal than trying to prolay it off like。

 hey。I'm the cool guy， I'm the cocky and funny guy who's going to make a joke about it。

 and then it seems a little bit more insecure。And I think it really just comes from the place you are in life and how you present yourself。

ItsAnother thing that money can help you with if you are going to get on top of your financial game and then have an abundance because I think you need to have that stable finance first。

Is the ability to travel， ability to explore new cultures。

 it doesn't necessarily cost a ton of money to travel。

 my average expenditures when I was on a six month tour all around the world around Asia， Europe。

 Latin America was about $2400 a month。More or less。

And it didn't really cost that much to see and have amazing adventures all over the world。

I also like spending money on getting access to cool events and things that I couldn't have access to。

 whether it shows， entertainment， educational things I do this with my friends I do this with a relationship and I think that these are ways that money can affect relationship when you're in dating。

Especially if you on to do regular date days， some of those cost money。

 I mean eventually you might want to even get married and have a family and that also costs money so you got to get on top of your money game so that you could support this if these are part of your goals and these are the things you actually aspire to eventually do。

And I mean you got to also get in touch with what your goals are you know and if it's being to education。

 having the ability to finance that or just cr a business。

 it definitely takes money to make money when you're in business you could build a business in scratch gurilla style without any money we did that we didn't have any startup capital or anything we were just putting some money on our credit cards and growing from there。

But at the same time， having that money， having that back of support gives you a safety net of feeling a comfort feeling of empowerment because you could do a lot of things that you couldn't do otherwise。

 and so when we talk about money， money shouldn't be viewed as bad。

 it could be used as a form of helping people I mean it's something that's given to you after you help people anyway after you provide a service decide wants to pay you and you need to use that you also should be developing。

A way to also save so that you could be on top of your game to the point where your foundation and your emotions are solid。

 because when you're so shaky， especially in a situation where your finances are getting worse than your savings。

 like your credit cards you're racking up faster than you could pay them off。

Your emotions are going to be out of whack。And when you're gaming girls， what you feel。

 the other people will feel around you so if you're feeling so much insecure because if you look at the hierarchy of needs。

 having that sense of security and comfort is a basic need that will affect everything else in order to become that。

Higher value offering value kind of person you first need to handle yourself so you don't appear as like that selfish guy or that awkward guy。

 so it's very important for you to get a solid job or actually find a source of income to support yourself。

And be a man because that's part of it being a man pushing forward。

So staying on top of your money game。 does affect your ability for personal growth。

 A lot of the high valued personal growth things unless it's just， you know， going to books。

 But for me， I actually like to pay for experiences actually meet the gurus themselves。

 That costs money。 It's expensive。 You have to pay for travel hotel。

 actually meet these guys pay for that personal transformation。

 A lot of people who want to learn from us outside of our YouTube videos in our digital productss and actually meet with us to hang out with to become our friends in person。

 That also costs money。 Our Our time is definitely not cheap。

 We've invested a lot of time and a lot of money。 And it's not like we have the largest margins。

 It's that we hit so many people。 We're able to scale。😊。

And economiesies of scale allows us to develop this global company。But that's expensive。

 you need to save you need to be on top of your money game that definitely does affect your ability your personal growth。

Unless you want to get as much resources as you can without spending money。

 And if you're really good at reading and staying diligent， then that's great。

 Money doesn't affect your ability to date cheaply， though， And to do things that matter。 I mean。

 if you look at cheap movies， at Netflix， going stargazing having drinks。

 maybe just touring around a city and seeing all the public places。 I know， especially in Las Vegas。

 just walking through all the casinos and seeing all the interesting attractions there is cool。

 or're going to video games， video game marquets， almost everyone has video games even on their phone or their computer and then doing that with each other and。

😊，Having fun， I mean， these are kind of things that I personally do。At the same time， you know。

 a lot of you guys will probably who have done this in the past。 You know。

 I think that having the ability to manage your money and do things cheap is also a skill to be proud of。

 I think it's core to be frugal， cool to be thrifty and to be the extravagant guy there stores in Vegas that still quotes called the billionaire clothing stores the flashy is closed。

 But real successful people don't need to flash in order to prove their success。😊。

You' gotta get on top of your moneyies to also gain access to people that have gone on top of their money。

 and people that have gone on top of their money usually join social clubs that can be expensive with other people that are in top of your financial game to get the higher tier companionship and the similar minds。

 especially when we're talking about social circles of other millionaires and billionaires or social circles of like the highest and elite levels。

 A lot of you guys are not aspiring to hit that。 It's just where we are in life and expanding upon that。

At the same time， getting access to money would also give be access to things that people。

 even in regular soul circles that are interested in。

Inter in going to really cool events does cost money you going to regular attendance of concerts or nightclubs and or fancy restaurants。

 all that also costs money。Yet at the same time those things had a lot of happiness。

 a lot of entertainment， a lot of value for me， I love doing little luxury things like doing tasting menus because that's something that really helped me on my dates because instead of having just a standard one course entree meal you have a V57 or more and then you can do wine pairing and you have longer chances to interact with your girl and have dating。

Other things was couples massages because then you relaxed and you have a nice massage。

 you have that physical intimancy， but with。You can do it earlier on your dating。

 even if you're not having sex yet in your dating life and you're just at the beginning of it。

 if you're not pulling a girl for a one night stand dating and a lot of people will go on day twos what't have you。

I think that's also a cool way for doing that all these things cost money。

But it does give you security also in times your emergency， you know， some things might happen。

 You might get robbed。 you know， I've been robbed many times。 You might have people threaten you。

 You might have to have attorneys。 and I also had to use them many times。But these little things。

 whether it's adding that sense of security or adding a little bit more luxury in life。

 really can' affect the kind of cowlibre people you interact with because these little things or saving little amounts of money here and there will eventually add up。

To you having a bigger savings and those bigger savings can give you these special things like social trips a lot of people to go on trips because they can explore the world and know all the things that you can from exploring new cultures。

 explore their mind and I think that more important than anything else money buys experience It doesn't buy a field experience。

 field experience is way more important to any other kind of experience and only you can do that it can't buy it。

But combining field experience with access to experiences that only money can afford。

 combining that together can lead to elite levels of success。

