# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：02.创造成功之路_02. Creating a Success Path【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Mapping out and creating a success path for you is not that hard。 In fact。

 a lot of people will spend a lot of time studying in business school because you went to business school and did a master's business Administration how to create a roadmap assess for business。

Now do that for your personal life as well。 And I think it's important。 I mean。

 Tony Robins talk all the time about writing down your goals and your map about how to get to that success。

 At the same time， when we create real social dynamics。

 it was really just a drive from where I was living in Wisconsin or to where I was living in Wisconsin from where On was living in Ottawa。

 Canada。 We took a car。 we drove from where he was living to where I was living and during that time。

 We just talk the entire time。 We came for a roadmap of how he wanted to create real social dynamics。

 We're going create live programs。 We're going to teach people， how to pick up girls。

 We' were going travel to see the city。 We were going to do our marketing campaign。

 Were going to contact people from any discussion boards。

 get them on the phone and put them on the phone with him and invite them out dinner and then sell them on the program。

😊，And we did that。 And then we moved from there after we had a client base。 wed grow it。

 And this was a plan that we created just in one simple car trip back in 2002。

 and it turned into this global company。 Some people I've heard even wrote a business plan on an napkin。

 It's not that hard to create that plan as long as that vision is very clear in your mind and you don't stop thinking about and you have that strong focus of singularity。

 You just need to make sure that's with you all the time and that you're mapping it out and following it。

😊，For a lot of people， it is necessary for them to write out the plan。 And actually。

 later on in my career， like five years there， I started writing out business plans exactly how to do things。

 I used to write out outlines。 I used to write executive summaries。

 I think that all you really need to do is just write down notes or have your head the roadmap of what you want to do。

 whether it's for a public speech， whether it's for a game plan to meet the girl。

 but have a strategy。😊，I know that for certain social interactions。

 like to meet certain people or to strategize and how to accomplish like a certain thing。

 like to get one of my buddies to go out with a particular girl。

 I've come up with strategies where I've mapped out like a strategic game plan with my friends to like you talk to this person to go talk to this person and get this person to do that。

And I've done that for business。 I've done it for trying tocate contracts with like large business vendors where they've said。

 oh， you need to。Get a sales team。 and you need to get them trained in Vegas。

 And I need to come with a game plan to do that。 So I'd map out a strategy and how to present it and。

Get certain people involved。 You need to do that in all aspects of your life so that you could be on top of the game。

 You don't need to write dance。 It's not a big deal。

 but its always have a game plan on how to move forward and don't just wanders with life without meaning。

 without purpose。 try to figure out what that is and then push forward with it and share your plan with others。

 I know that what I used to do， even with my wife is I used to have literally 100 different personal line items of things I view that was important for my success in life。

 I did less for business， actually， I think I had about 20 or 30 of them。

 and I go over them with Owen on a monthly basis。 both my wife， I was doing it on a weekly basis。

 I from how many times even to work out in the gym。

 How many hours a week I was gonna play video games。

 The maximum amount of hours I was gonna to spend watching TV。 and find what her goals were。

 and we would track this and see if we accomplish that goal from the previous week。😊，Now。

 I did this for a few years。 I'm not doing that anymore， but I did find by sharing those。 Now。

 I know what my goals are very que。 I know what her goals are very que。

 and I think that really helps with like a relationship。

 And I also think it helps in your business life as well。

 I also find that there's always gonna be situations where you have conflicts in your personal relationships or with your business。

😊，When those things happen， it sometimes is good to have like a coach friend or in a business。

 have someone who's going to be kind of like a moderator to be in there and kind of like share both sides's stories and align your vision。

It's more important that everyone kind of has that queer vision。

 but when those visions conflict and you're part of a social circle or you're part of a family。

 you're part of a friendship circle or a business circle。

 you have to get everyone to share what that is， but then figure out those points and ways where those things may work together like for a family。

I have situations where yeah， my brother would only want to go to restaurants that are on Yelp that have really high reviews and I only only want to go to particular places that I've feel tested and off make compromises and the same thing will happen in your dating life where you're with a girl and。

She might be like， oh， you know， I want to go with my friends here and you're like， oh， follow me。

 I just want to like。Pull you to this after party or something like that。

But I remember I was with Owen。 and we were having dinner in South Africa with the president of South Africa。

 Something to clerkrk。 I can't remember his name was JW。 De Kirk or something like that。

 And we we were hanging out at this hotel。 And I asked him。😊，Because he did the most amazing thing。

 there's an apartheid， which is where all the whites were against the blacks。

 and they were so much so that they wouldn't have jobs。

 They'd treat them like slaves and there's high prejudice。 I said， how did you end apartheid。

 How are you able to get all these people in this entire country to end apartheid and not only do that。

 but to have a black president take over with you afterwards and create this total like peaceful movement。

 And he said， well， in business and your social life and anything。

 The most important thing is to make all the key players and the most important people that you're surrounded by to get them the same page mission and vision as you And that is what allowed RsD to be what is now by having a guy like Owen to guide that leadership and guide that vision And it's also the same thing is' going to help you in your soul circle in your social life when you have those problems。

 Just make sure you think about that。 empathize with better people around you and optimize that situation。

😊，But also， create a situation where you're always on the ball。

Whether it's in your working your social circle or just working your business life。

 have that strong hard work ethic。 know that nothing comes cheap。

 Nothing comes easily and push forward。 You'll be surprised how far you can push yourself。

 I've always had this as a habit though I mean， I grew up in a hardcore academic Asian family where if I was behind my schoolwork and I wasn't getting like a lot of As。

 My parents would literally stay up my dad all night long studying with me。

 In fact when I went into boarding school in Princeton。

 my dad would fly from California in New Jersey and study with me after a six hourour flight all night long just to make sure I was on top of things。

 And I took that spirit， even when I'm in business because that same work ethic is the only way you're going to get success of an extremely remember level when you're in the business world。

 And the same thing happens when you really trying to push your social life that really optimal level。

 you don't have to go to that extreme， though。 that's the kind of mentality that I have。

 I optimized things so hardcore and I've always had a mentality that even when I was playing high school football and wanted to get undressed now。

😊，Always have like a top shirt and I'd have an unjusts shirtt。

 a T shirt and I have to take off both and then put on a uniform。

I would always take off both at the same time， as opposed to taking off， know be a button up shirt。

 I wouldn't even unbut the buttons on my shirt。 I just take both off at the same time。

 optimize my time。 I was always been focused on saving time because in business those inches。

 That small inches working a little bit harder saving that much more time。

 which is the difference between you having that assessment business。 same thing in your dating life。

 The difference between you and that next guy who wants to pick up that girl。

 you really want to hook up with and date is just these little little things。

 minute things and you got to optimize everything in your life If you don't。

 you gonna miss down your opportunities。 And that's fine because sometimes you get tired。

 But every inch and every race counts every minute， every detail and business does as well。

 You'll look at things like car racing。 my wife is a car racer。

 might be joining a car racing teaching group where she actually teaches people how to raise cars。😊。

One second is a ton of time。 It's like the milliseconds are the difference between you winning a race and you not winning a race。

 and the same thing happens in your business and social life。

 people aren't inspired enough to think about life like that， you have to。 And if you do do that。

 you actually get that motivation succeed succeed and create that clear success path。

 if you don't care about success that much。 you still might get it just by taking it a meocre route。

 only by pushing to the extreme， where you get it at the same time， pushing that extreme。

 may burn you out。😊，But at the same time， like I said earlier， Stephen Covey said。

 control your emotions。You got to control your emotions and get on top of things。 Now。

 when we created real social dynamics in the beginning， we were only about live programs。

 We were hustling harder， investing all our time in teaching。

 And so we were really leveraging our time。😊，But we created our first product on programs it's called Foundations。

 it was a great video course and we still sell it today in RC University it's part of our RSC nationation store it's a program we talk about every aspect of pickup and then from that we were branching now different products from the stuff that was taught in the original foundational course that course was amazing we were in a situation we were making $15002000 a weekend teaching one on one programs on boot camps93 on one and just as amazing。

😊，We weren't making as much money as we could after would Dodge Foundation made $100，000 in one day。

 in the blueprint， we made almost $2 million in the first year just off this one digital product and video series。

 and we were to reach more people than just one on ones。 and so we were to leverage our time。

 I asked everybody Tony Shee。He's a good friend and he's a billionaire， I said。

What is it that really makes you manage your time and makes so much success。

 what are the two things that you need to do to do that。

 Well this was the first thing that I did to have the master of success I wanted and I said I wanted to be a billionaire。

And I had that as my mindset and said， well， I'm gonna do whatever it takes to do that。

 The second thing I did is I just focus on all my activities that leverage my time to the maximum。

And that's what we do now kind of like have an automated launch formula kind of program and we're always innovating。

 We have so much content。 we haven't have content to launch prox every month。 In fact。

 for the last few years， we've basically done just that。 And as a result。

 now people have a lot more to learn about us， We have so much content for。😊，Sharing with you guys。

 we have to give away just as much content for free as we do paid， but in paid programs。

 we give you opportunity to actually meet with us， network with us and learn stuff that we don't share otherwise。

 some of the deeper personal stories。But what I'm trying to get at is whether it's in your business or your personal life。

 leverage your time， create a  clear plan of success， and it's not that hard。

 just make sure it's very clear in your mind。