# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第5周-RSD Julien（心态成功）_Week 5 - RSD Julien (Mindset Success)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey guys， I'm here with RsD Julian at the Los Angeles Los Hollywood Hotel。

 and today we have him just finishing his tour back in Los Angeles。

 to find out what are some of the things that you really saw in the road it kind of you that might inspire our RZ members here I mean I'd say the biggest thing I got out of traveling is just learning how to be grounded something I hear a lot like do I be grounded。

 how do I not let the environment affect me when I'm out， I'm talking to a girl or just in general。

 it's like how can I keep my cool know and it's literally any scenario like with a girl highpress environment business meeting you meet someone like you really want the fucking deal you meet someone you want to be your mentor how do you can keep your cool travel health big time because you're just literally in all these different environments like you know for me and I know you've done that in the past where every single day in like a new country you have no bearings you have to remain like grounded like internally let's just say and you can't depend on anything external So I'd say for me that was the the biggest thing。

of just being able to stay cool no matter what the environment when you are around new City。

 what are the things you do？Work a lot。Yeah， I mean I'll try to go visit at least in every city like one of the landmarks to shoot a video。

 but the true behind the scenes is most of it is just me on a plane， on a train。

 in a car in a taxi or in a hotel just on my computer is working working working working so it's a lot of work and then I guess because you you have an en with you or en Yeah usually I have an assistant friend who helps with marketing and another guy who works with the cameras in videograph how's your schedule like your work life balance？

Now it's more normal now I'm slowing it down but during that time it was pretty much 100% work。

 I'd say like the way I kind of do it is short sprints where you kind of go all out in different areas so when I started touring for example。

 one thing I put on the side was health like I was like health for a while。

Just don't have time so I'm going to go all out in business。

 I'm going to go out in dating I'm going to go all out and travel so I decided like all out in that health。

 a little bit less different say personal relationships。

 a little bit less downtime gone for you know a few years and now actually just as recently finally back in shape so kind of bringing back to the forefront so it's like kind of balancing all of them here I saw your with Brandon Carter what was the secret the secret to that Yeah I did on with Brandon I did on with Mario as well who actually kind of coached me through it biggest secret and it's。

Actually， it's like success with women。 we tend to always think like oh， it's these magical things。

 it's actually like these foundational things you just do for a long period of time。

 so it's like going to the gym， obviously being aware of the。

Calories in calories out that was actually the biggest one like I always thought the secret losing weight is you got to eat extremely healthy。

 eat paleo， eat know vegetarian vegan， whatever it is but in reality it's like how much are you eating because you could eat like paleo with like tons and then you're still getting fat and even looking back at sometimes on the tour like oh I'm gonna eat really really healthy for like a few months not losing anything because I'm just eating tons like even if you go to say chaolele and you get you know say double meat so and then you get like guacamole there's like already 900 to100 calories you know like half my daily intake at least so I'm like whoa know it'll sneak up on you that way you get like an almond drink at Whole foods there's a thousand0 calories there's like your entire day one little almond milk drink health drink。

And a tripotle meal your whole day。 So I do like， say three times a day。You get that。 unfortunately。

 there's a lots of politics when you're traveling to go to around the world all night。

What's your game plan now in terms of your business plans and also your plans for your dating life Yeah well right now in a relationship like three and a halfy relationship that I just moved in with still going out though teaching dating advice and doing this but no my plan now is actually to grow my new YouTube channel to join himself and kind of expand in the dating but also beyond dating so I want to create you know different like you learned so much just by building say again building a brand traveling so on and so forth that there's so much content that I haven't put out that I want to put out like just in terms like travel just in terms of building a YouTube business just in terms of literally all the other life lessons I learned so I kind of want to create。

More content in that direction let you say Okay so yeah right now it's kind of structuring that out。

 trying to come up with a good two three year plan with different products， different free products。

 structure， so on and so email is so on and so forth Yeah yeah I just saw it you released 10 game。

Tell me about what inspireds you for that product。And I could go deep on that one for me，10 game。

So I'd pimp and shift， okay， Pimp was the first one， which is really like how to game a girl。

 it's like you go up， you say this， you do this one and so forth。

Then I created shift which is how to learn game which is how to learn Pimp so it's like go out X amount of time。

 this is how you break down your nights， motivation， et cetera， et cetera。

 and I always thought like that was enough it's like you have a game you have had to learn game but there's always something that was missing and it's what comes before all of that and that's like the stuff you can only emotionally recognize while out so for example。

 you know you may hear like say you know you're watching this you're like okay go out and offer value。

It's like well what is offering value， you know it's like you can give the logical explanations you can you know even illustrate like here's a couple actions of offering value but it's really like a vibe it's something you can't fully put into words so I wanted a product that kind of it comes before Pimp and shift that really you know tunes your focus on what game is like that emotional layer like the subcommunications so on and so forth really breaks down all the little subtleties and nuances because even that offer value guys are like well you can't ask questions there and if I ask a question I'm taking value not necessarily it's the place that question is coming from so you can be like how's it going taking or how's it going。

Giving in the vibe so just that you can't logical explain it you have to demonstrate it so that was 10 game it was like tons of infield footage like that recorded throughout the years illustrating all those little nuances。

 me breaking it down me giving you a new curriculum in terms of content that's flexible enough for you to bring your personality out so you're not stifled by so much content。

And interactive exercises as well as missions。 So the whole point is， here's the content structure。

again you can bring your personality to it it's not overwhelming you know what's a focus on well out here's the infield footage with every little nuance。

 here's the exercises you can do at home so you're sitting at home experiencing it and here's 10 missions which is basically it was inspired after my workout getting back in shape where it's like 10 weeks where here's your curriculum for the week go out these days do this this this accomplish this。

 do this and like post it in Facebook group to hold yourself accountable so you then experience it well out but yeah that's。

The reviews， I mean， the feedback has just been amazing。Literally the only product。

 was kind of weird where every product is kind of polarizing。

 This is the only one I've not seen a single bad review or do you think bad ever said about it。

 even by like quotemoquote haters， which is like， yeah。

And you have a tribe in there like a Facebook group Yeah and how is that interacting with you directly Yeah so you're part of this private Facebook group I read that group every single day and the cool thing about it is one you'll see guys just like you going through the same program so you don't feel as alone or like isolated like that was something when I first started out just in terms of being motivatedt whenever you feel like you're on your own if you fall into like a victim mental it's like oh it's so hard for me now you see this whole other group of people who have like say similar problem like barreling through and you're like oh they can do it。

 I can do it so they can also you can share insights。

 you can share feedback so you have like tons of guys posting you like hey you can do this like motivating you giving you feedback I'm posting in there too you know that a lot of guys are reading it。

 you know that I'm reading it so in terms of accountability I tell this to everyone it's like if you have a goal post in there like hey tomorrow I'm gonna to do this so now you're accountable so you know that if you don't do it everyone will know because if it's just you the nose like you tell yourself I'm gonna to do this。

And there's no repercussions， let's say it's easy to be like no one will know if I don't do it。

 but now it's like you have this whole group that I'll know and the whole culture is based on taking action and there are like specific rules where if there's any negativity。

 victim mentality so on and so forth that post will be deleted it's like no。

 this is like only taking action only positive， so it's like for me it's inspiring I get just as much out of it probably as everyone else yes。

In terms of deing a post， how often does that happen very， rarely actually。I put a few gut once。

It started off very positive then there was like a few kind of like victim mentality posts。

 but a lot of those posts there's just nothing productive that can come from it。

 the motivation behind the poster is like to try to find people to validate it like oh yeah I feel sorry to myself too so I didn't delete those at first but once it started growing I just made an announcement like okay any post like this will be deleted and then it was maybe one or two I had to delete and then everyone else just stopped and those same people who used to post those like negative posts are now killing it focusing on all the positive because they were again。

 they didn't have a choice at that point in terms of their selfhelp Julia himself and inspired that。

The media scandal actually yeah big one is like going through the media scandal and well one I learned so much just about myself and life going through that and then it kind of made me realize likea I also want to share this so I had the dating platforms I was like I need another platform because I don't want to mix the too it's like now I have the selfhelp one and I can just go strong on like both because I'm still learning tons in terms of dating。

 even relationships but also tons in terms of life。

 a big one is just like spirituality and happiness too like that kind of touches on that so that's yeah what inspired it So for the vast media I do to go through all that。

Massive amounts of attacks and viriaage and what have you， how did that change。

 how did it either like inspire you or change you as a person？Cez。

 I could talk yeah about Daft hours。 I'd say dissolvement of the ego。 I'd say that。 Yeah。

 was there's actually， well， Ryan Holi's new book， egos the enemy。 I was reading that。😊。

A couple days ago， and he talks about how your egogo will sabotage you on your way up once you succeed and on your way down。

And literally every single point I could identify with it where。You know when't you get into this。

 it's like， hey， teach dating advice， help people at thatW of service。

And then you start getting like all this validation thrown at you and it's very hard to remain grounded within that and not to kind of get carried away not to be like yes。

 and then start changing that motivation instead of being of service to being of taking more and more validation so what I realized after the fact is I was so lost it before is that I was gone in terms of like ego pushing things for the validation。

 pushing like the shock marketing for more and more comments and it was just coming from a very different place so when all that just。

Broke， like literally like gone， it kind of made me realize like oh wow， like well where was I。

 what was I doing， you kind of it's like a snapback to reality and getting back in touch of like core values。

 but yeah so what are your core values right now？Right now for me。

The thing I've been working on actually well core values is being of service。

 like that number one is like giving， giving， giving。

 like remind yourself why you're doing everything the two traps I fell into is you start off because you want to help。

And then you do it so much that you are no longer doing it because you want to help you're doing it just because it's going through the motions so it kind of loses that soul the same with success women you know some guy will go out。

 talk to a girl and the first interaction is all exciting it's like oh here we are like sharing my personality and then after a while you talk to so many girls you's like going through the motion so you kind of lose it so it's like reminding myself no it's like keep it real。

 keep the soul keep be of service and yeah no matter what it's like not getting hooked on that validation。

 not getting hooked on anything you can take and really coming from a place of your're complete。

 you're full you're enough so that that would be like my number one be of service expanding and。

The big more spiritual practice I got out of it is like how to be happy and not just the emotion of happy because that's usually just an escape from pain。

 but what is true happiness and it's like just letting go of all this attachment。

 this need of approvals， so on and so forth。Well， when you're traveling so much。

 how are you able to maintain a long distance relationship？

That was tough That was tough I met her she's a very beautiful girl and you're pretty cool guy's just like you've been on tour for so long like yeah。

 not just on tour， but like teaching actively doing this too like dating advice I mean obviously depends like on the girl for what I always say it's like there's very。

The views of like dating advice or picking up women is always like very negative it's like oh it's just about sleeping with them you know those guys can't get relationships so on and so forth。

 but in reality it's the opposite you have won way more options than anyone in terms of relationships which allows you to also figure out what girl you're meant to be with and actually have a choice versus is just settling for whatever so for me through talking and interacting with so many women through experiencing so many women I knew exactly what type of women I wanted and I also knew what type of women would like itd be part of her value system and'd be okay for her to have me travel and do all this and because I've talked to so many I found like that one so it's not like every girl is going be like oh sure go on and travel the world teaching guys had to pick up girls and let's be in a committed relationship you have to find that specific one and that one where it's even worth it on your end too to。

Kids it's like when you're so lost in work， like do you really want to do a call and talk to her。

 do you really want to fly back sea her X amount of time，Finding that one。 and then yeah。

 I mean a lot of it's like。Keeping in touch， like with technology now it's like not that hard and then just strong trust。

And also the last thing I'll say is managing expectations from the start so not leading her on so from the start I'm like this is what I do and immediately I took her out actually on a boot camp so she saw what I did because again it's who picking up girls and then she sees oh you're helping these guys like again we tend to think anyone who gets in a pickup it's like dirty players but in reality it's like the sweetest guys ever who are just shy like normal people and she's like whoa this is actually really cool and everyone there is like working on bettering themselves it's not all about like just getting laid so she saw immediately what it is from a real perspective that I did。

And then I showed her， for example， all my infield footage， she saw all the videos。

 I'd actually show her all the videos， so it's very clear like this is me。

 you actually showed her all your infield videos。So she saw the infield she came to a hot seat you think about that she didn't mind because a lot of it she was like at the time was like prior to meeting her but then I also told her after that like I'm going to be recording in field like similar footage for years to come and I telling her from the starts but then there's also there's always a way of framing it so it's like。

You still have to make it win win so for example， you know I could tell I'm going to go do this and go with all these girls and it's like not very win win or you could say。

 yeah I'm going to do all this infield footage， but if you really think about it。

 it's not because I want to it's not know because there's all these beautiful girls it's for work and it wouldn't necessarily really be cheating you know it's like if I'm an actor and I have a kissing scene in a movie is it cheating。

That's infield footage like I have to go do the kissing scene in a movie， so on and so forth。

 so there's different ways of fraing it but just letting her know what she's getting into and then finding that one who's okay with that too。

I noticed on your Julie and the Michel channel， you've been interviewing spiritual people。

 are you exit the spiritual beliefs yourself？Yeah， actually am。

 I never thought I would be like if you talked to me two years ago。

 like actually before that scandal I was like。Opposite spiritual ever。 but now no。

 I'm actually really into that yeah ever since。Different practices I did actually what really got me through that whole like time period where everything like whole like with the media scandal like that whole external world like validation attachment to approvals so on and so forth like turned against me so the only way is like actually kind of learning how to feel happy on your own and different practices help me with that and since then I'm actually kind of doing my own practice daily and that just transformed my life so I'm really into that also got into yoga this past year going actually this weekend to this yoga festival as well so I'm definitely definitely in there yeah。

Well， not you've gone through this whole process。The scandal of transformation and now this new team what you do differently if there is another kind of media mainstream media scandal there's another one if there were another one but the first thing I would do is immediately look at if there was like any signs of ego or any signs of like where I'm doing something wrong because I do believe that it's again you really create these situations so it's like I was so far gone in like the validation so on and so forth that。

The world or universe whatever you want to call it like had to snap me out of it。

 so if it does happen again， it'd probably be because of something similar。

 so I'd be like oh how did I am I lost in the validation again I'd really quickly bring my attention to it and secondly I would immediately publicly address it。

You know， instead of just letting it you know just like not say a word like you know kind of how we just like because we don' know how to deal with it's like happened I'm like this is not what I teach not what I do。

 but there was just so much happening so fast I was just kind of like overwhelmed did nothing here like off the bad public statement just making it very clear like this is not true。

 this is not true this is not true letting it snowball effect up Yeah those would be the two big ones It's like quickly evaluate whoa。

 where did this happen and to make it clear。This is not who I am or what I'm about What distribution Cha would you use Would you use as a system like YouTube or would you use something more like a press conference press conference Yeah make an official press conference and would you have everyone come to one place like in a conference room like at a hotel like where we are now yeah probably literally invite everyone this time just like release sustain statementment。

 answer some questions just like make it very clear like nippet in the bud Yeah because that's what happened with the other ones like people quote each other they quote each other things get taken out of context there was like that fake Twitter that came about people were quoting I'm just like。

If we just yeah， just nipped it in the bud。 I mean， lesson learned now。

 but if we just from the start， this's not me， there's a fake Twitter or so on and so forth。

 it probably would have died down a lot faster。 Yeah。

 I know that because Jeff and the Max and all these people have had to deal with that too。

 do you think they should have done that also。 Yeah Yeah。

 I think everyone should as soon as there's like any media thing just like。

Press conference from the bat。 and actually just invite everyone。 Now。

 a lot of that conversation would renew a lot of the old conversations in the past。

 Are you ready for that。Yeah， I mean for now it's like I feel like I've processed a good 80 to 90%。

 so it's probably still 10 20% or I'm like like still a little trauma over it。

 but no I would definitely be yeah I think that maybe like a year or two or what have you we might have to do something like that because right now there still hasn't yet been a widespread message there's been CNN were you' able to clarify what was going on at the same time I don't think that we've done that for all these other countries that don't want CNN。

You know I means。Very few countries that don't want CNN， but CNN is just like one channel。

 It's like watching the news on ABC or some random channel。

 And I feel like the whole thing that happened with Jeff is because the myths and rumors have completely been dispelled。

 Now， you've done things with Ryan Holiday。 What did he advise you and talk to you about。😊。

Oh that was interesting， yeah， that was actually his book。

 Trustrus me I'm Ly is what there were like two big ones。A few big ones。

 but like two of the big ones they helped me through it were his book trust me I'm Ly and then Eric Desenha。

 the Glas Jo book that one's more in terms like reputation， like how to deal with it。

 the Ryan Hoday kind of exposed the whole how everything works because I remember going through I'm like how is this happening like feeling really angry。

 frustrated like how is everything get taken so far out of context like how did it reach this point and then his book kind of breaks down。

 how the media actually works and it was like。Oh it still sucks。

 but now it made sense where you can pass something up the chain。

 so it's like you can give some quote to a small blog on anything and send that quote to a bigger blog without them checking the facts。

 they'll just quote it， send it to a bigger one， bigger one。

 bigger one all the way to literally CNN so even me actually in my interview with CNN。

If I just blur it out randomly， I run a。You know， I don't know。

 like a beef pie company totally right now。 I could say， oh yeah， And you know， my beef pie company。

 da， It's not what I teach。 I could have said that。

Use that quote posted in Wikipedia because it is sourced in CNN。

 send the Wikipedia of me saying Julian owns his own meat pie company like details about it。

 send that to a smaller blog， it sees on Wikipedia see it's sourced from CNN writes about it because it's credible passes up to another blog another blog and I could literally spread it around the internet that I own this huge Me pie company I seen on CNN as if that's like the credible source exactly so you can so understanding how that works understanding to how the audience we think its but in reality it's the advertiser so it's like whatever gets the clicks and also not necessarily taking it personally。

The other thing too is you realize just how vicious a lot of those you know journalists or writers are and you're like。

 whoa like how could someone do this in reality it's like they don't really care they're just saying what'll get the clicks。

 what'll get the clicks and then just。From there， it's like there's nothing really you can do。

You know apartpart from like that press conference off the bat。

 the situation I was in there was like a no win and I talked about this with Ryan too because there's all these accusations got taken you know out of context out of proportion。

 we't even true but if I don't say anything it's like admitting guilt it's like always not say anything so it's true and if I do say something and that's the other interesting part of how the media works。

 say I do respond like they're not true， like say on CNN， because I respond。

 it kind of validates them to and now it makes it official for another you know for other people to quote it because I responded I partook in it let's just say so it's like're no matter what you do you're screwed。

So it's nothing you really can do apart from the press conference and then yeah it just kind of makes you think like you see the behind the scenes of how things work so anything right now that I see be it on Buzzfeed be it on even CNN or Fox because you think oh those are legit they're all tabloid everything's you know it's like all for views and the other thing I learned too is。

Everything is one not what it seems， but everything is there's like back there's all the deals behind the scenes。

 let's just say， you know like different PR goals where you think。

 okay this person's you know on that other team in reality they're on this person's team it's interesting Tucker Max was telling me he didn't think that we had enough power back in 2014 he believes that things have changed in 2016 he believes that the social media following that we had was not strong 2014 but it's now more integrated and more powerful in 2016 so that potentially our platform could be more powerful than this mainstream media and eventually does all die because everyone will be relationships with each other I don't know if you。

Feel the samer I think so， but in the end it's like I really think that the only thing stop it if it happens again would be that press conference because that's what we thought too。

 it's like all those videos， for example， if someone just sat down to look for example at the original video or look at any other video that we put out they'd see very fast what we teach but no one has the time so it's like like even me being realistic like if I saw the article about me I would never look into it and I'd probably hate me because because that's the information that's given it's like you read it you're like oh my god I mean that's it it's like no one's gonna go in depth and do their research and the same happens with all the other blog so everyone's just writing about this surface thing no one goes in depth so no one would actually even look into who we are。

 no one would really look into our content or videos they would just like。It's all surface layer。

 surface layer and yeah， I mean I've had hate comments on like the nicest videos too it's like one video I'm just like the whole point is like offer value and be like a just really positive person and it's like die whatever it's like it's like people just jumping on it's like how can you even hate this video they didn't even watch it No it's just surface added a comment。

You like your hair sucked or some shit。 No， yeah， it's like a lot of like yeah death threat comments。

 And that's another interesting one。 It's like you see like the people who actually do this。

 So it's like one that shocked me is like there's one person who's commenting on all these Instagram pictures like。

 I hope you die。 I hope you fall off a cliff。 that was not full necessarily death threats。

 but it like very strong hate。 And I'm like， who is this。 And I clicked on it。

 And it's like a 12 year old girl。 all innocent looking with her dad。

 Like I love my dad unicorn the picture I drew And she's like fucking die。 I was like， Jesusez。 Yeah。

 and it's interesting too how。At that surface level， it's like at the time， everything will explode。

 but even now with the Juliain himself channel。A lot of my following are actually men and women who hated me at the time it's like that same demographic now that I'm touching on same more spiritual things health niche it's like everyone's like oh I love you and then they kind of realized like wait a minute that was that guy and now're everyone's cool about it but it's interesting how that works have you actually had a conversation with anybody that came from the hate that found you because of the hate and then they kind of turned over Yeah they all say。

Never in person like no one ever recognized me in person。

 but online like I'll get like that's another one too it's like the link I'll send now it's like I'll get sometimes like。

 wait a minute， you're that guy， blah blah， blah， like kind of freak out and then I'll send them。

Linking to rhan holiday again， an interview I did with him。

And the observer so it's like where I actually shared the actual facts like written down someone can read so I'm like no here's the story and they're like wait a minute that's whoa and the thing I was good is like well why didn't you sue everyone but not realizing there's nothing you can really do at that point。

 there's no one really you know sue it costs $20 to $30。

000 per publication to sue and in terms of the money you could win back， it's less than $500。

 especially in the United Kingdom。So there's a huge。

 huge discrepancy in terms of the time that you just spend the money you have to spend and what you expect to get back。

And then of course you could reference that。I was wondering if you were ever going to create a response。

 maybe like your own homepage as well to reference something that we could just quickly point， hey。

 I you check out Giillianblanc。com so if people just Google your official website。

 maybe they could actually see the listening to Ryan Holly。

 we were advised in the past from a guy named Jonathan Bernstein about how we could create reputation management and he was saying that he won some kind of a myth in facts page referencing myth and facts。

 he kind of gave us an overall generic summary， but we put things in their own words in their own videos and put on our own sites。

Then they could see both the positive and the negative， you know， in fact。

 dispeing that and also the lessons you can learn from being a partis the director。

 I think that would be actually quoted in the media because my guess is that one of the first things they'll do is they'll Google your name。

And if you have your site up， I think that's the first site that will appear。

 it's your official home personal site that you actually update。

 So I think that might be one way we could actually modify and change things around that'd be good。

 Yeah I think we should do that in the Wikipedia page as well。 That's on my list。

 The Wikipedia would be good one also I guess yeah。

 if you are updating that with Ryan Holi and other things exactly quote the  Ryan Holi and at this point too it's like back then we'd add stuff。

 but everyone would like mass like down voted or get rid of it at this point。

 no one really cares so you can actually put the real facts on there。

Yeah me not being a very spiritual person， I'd love to hear what spiritual lessons have gotten you to the place where you actually came from a person who also was a nonbeliever to somebody is who you are now and how those lessons have affected。

Pretty much everything you're doing in terms of 10 game， et cetera。 Yeah， I mean， for me。

 the biggest one。 and this is actually the foundation of 10 game is。Realizing that。

YouThe journey of like you know either self-actualization or the journey let's just say success with women of becoming a cool guy isn't you going from down here to up here。

 it's you realizing you're already up here and then getting rid of everything that's in the way。

 so back in the day for example， say with Negs， the whole idea was here' you know here's the girl。

 here's you。And you're going to use things like negs to bring the girl down you're at the same level。

That was old school from there we went to know here's the girl and what do you do you get up here to get the girl but it's still based on assumption that you're starting off down here when in reality the journey is there is no you know growing into something there's only you realizing you're already up here but you're telling yourself you're down here and that first assumption is the base of like every sticking point。

 the base of all the misery that's in the game and it's actually very similar to again any spiritual teaching it's you know we're complete we're enough。

 if you want to get really out there it's like we're all connected。

 we're all part of the one of being a so on and so forth but we're telling ourselves we're not。

 we're telling ourselves I'm you know an individual I'm this being you know you develop your ego and then from there。

You feel a sense of lack and you go out in the real world trying to get money。

 trying to get so on' over to fill that void that artificial lack in a way so the same with girls it's like you're already enough you're telling yourself you're not and then you're trying to go out your references to be cool。

 you're trying to put on this front so the girl doesn't see that you're down here that's why you even need the girl you need the good reactions and this is why guys go out they have approach anxiety because the anxiety is depending on does she validate this front yes or no。

And there's something to take either she validates it or she doesn't and there's a lot of stress this is why even when they run out of things to say the reason being is well I'm down here。

 but I'm trying to be up here， is this something that this front would say and now you feel boxed in this why they also need the girls's validation like does she validate the front yes or no are people around me can they see past the front it's like all this stress and it's all based on you're starting off down here and there's no way out of it because even if you do get the girl it's somehow reinforcing this initial wrong assumption so the big idea with tent game is like you're already up here？

Every guy has like that attractive personality where they can you know talk， joke around。

 so on and so forth， except you know they can't necessarily do with a  Hawk girl。

 but they can probably do it with a girl who they don't necessarily find that attractive or theyre close friends or family and if not know it' joke like the guy who's extremely introverted even walking around say here if he's playing a video game with a headset you can probably talk know it's like the loud mouths there maybe in real life extremely stifled but they have that personality So it's not that there's anything missing it's just that you're telling yourself you don't and once you realize that you do game is still about taking massive action getting references that every。

Reference you get is meant to get rid of what's blocking you from bringing that out with a Hawk girl and so it's like starting from this assumption here。

Another one is you know the whole， you hear fake it till you make it。

 and this is big and basically you know saying you take someone who's quiet。

And you're like you got to talk loud， that may seem like faking it till you make it。

 but if you really think about it， if that person didn't have anything in that person's way。

 if that person was at home， they would probably speak a lot louder。

 so in reality them not speaking loud is faking it， but they've been faking it for so long。

 they don't even remember what's not faking it feels like so' being read like loud is how they would act。

You know if everything was what if they weren't stifled。

 let's just say so it's those it's basically like all built on that。

 you know it's like there's nowhere to be any assumption that's based on your down here。

 get rid of it， how would you act if you're already up there？

And then this kind of brings in all these different new perspectives to gameware。You know。

 a big one I get as well if I'm already up here。If I'm already complete， why do I even need the girl。

 why would I even talk to the girl， and then it's reexamining the place motivation is coming from。

 you know you can come from lack like you need the girl to complete you。

And we're condition on that it's like there's the carrot and the stick but not understanding that you can also be motivated not just by scarcity but also by abundance you know if someone。

 let's say you're working for money， if someone gave you all the money in the world。

 you wouldn't just sit down and do nothing you would still do something probably different than you're doing but the inspiration behind it would be very different it wouldn't be I'm doing it to get money it's already have the money what do I want to I'm gonna to do this Oh I need the girl is already have I'm already complete I don't need her to complete me but I'm still inspired to talk to her so understanding that type of motivation and then really like。

Getting out of your own way in terms of you know being hooked on approval， fearing disapproval。

 fearing rejection， trying to do everything perfect in terms of game。

 letting all the concepts stifle you not being able to bring yourself on the line because you think you is not good enough so you're trying to pretend to be someone else there's all these implications so that's like the foundation of1 game and really the other big one too and this is what I learned。

In terms of spirituality。The different paradigms where。

I call it having doing being where most guys are identifying with having where they value what they have。

 that's what gives and value it's like how much money I have， how good looking I am。

 the status I have， the access to cool things I have that's what makes me cool that's 90% of guys you get into game then you go from having to doing where it's no longer what you have it's what you do it's oh the value is the fact that I take action。

 the fact that I hustle the fact that I go up and approach the girl， the fact that I do this move。

 so on and so forth。And you know this is a guy who just can't slow down while out like if he stops talking he'll feel like the girl's going leave because he's like。

 well the doing is the value and then you kind of graduate from that to the being or it's not even the doing it's just who you are it's like that being there Of course you still have to take action but coming from a different place it's not the action that gets the girl's the being behind it。

I love that' that's a great concept Thanks yeah yeah so that was that was a lot of like10 game and like really fleshing this out to make it。

😊，Cick when it comes to success with women and then illustrating all these ideas and how to go about it with all the infield footage and the exercises。

 you can kind of unlock that even at home very cool。All right， well， thanks a lot， Julia。

 This has been great。 Thank you Yeah cheer。