# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：3与高端人士（CEO、女孩）共同打造派对和活动_03. Crafting Parties and Events with High-End People (CEOs, Girls)_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

One of the most popular topics that people are interested in。

 even from among my friends that are the most successful。

 including a guy who's a billionaire and actual celebrities。

 is crafting parties and events with high end people。

 including high end CEOs and girls and all the dynamics that goes into that。

 And I have a lot of experience in this， because one of the things that I did was join the board of a organization called Azini。

😊，And after I was living in Project Hollywood mansion。

 they had you know a huge organization that spawned out。

 and I had a party after the Grammy's at my house in the Hollywood Hills that got me an invitation to an event where I was teaching a boot camp。

 I decided to bring everyone to a skyscraper where every floor was full of different different parties and different girls and different events。

 and it was like six to one girl to guy ratio。 and it was full of awesome people。😊。

And we' were doing boot camp there， so we're constantly caught approaching and growing this network in our social circle。

 and this is actually the biggest inspiration to really upgrade my social circle when I was post college。

And at the end of this two day and two night party。

 I got this invitation to join this club and I said， well it doesn't， I don't care how much it costs。

 I'm getting as involved in this as possible。 In fact。

 this was the inspiration for me to talk stop teaching programs because I got to have kind of like that experience I used to have when I first got into throwing parties when I first got into throwing events。

😊，I joined a group of guys。 We called ourselves the good fells and I got the nickname Papa from throwing parties。

 So I was kind of like the leader of this organization。 and I also was given this nickname from。😊。

A party movie with a guy named Nick Papa Giorgio from Cheby Cha Las Vegas vacation and I was renting out yachts and supper clubs nowzini was doing is in order to get past the 2 a liquor license closing time for bars and party all night long from 10 PMm to 5 AM and then have afterpart at mansions in the Hollywood Hills。

 they had a membership so you weren't paying for alcohol。 you weren't paying for admission。

 you just paying for membership and as a private venue in movie studios and mansions in the Hills。

 you could go all night long。😊，And from this， I was inviting all sorts of people to this。

 The cool thing is only guys that were members could go to this event and they're all really high screen。

 awesome guys in Los Angeles。 It's just that only girls that were invited by guys who come in。

 And so the girls would stand on long lines trying to get in or youd just meet them out in the club and invite dozens of them to go to the parties with you every weekend。

 And throughout the week because there's all sorts of cool things。😊，In fact。

 this got me involved with throwing parties， not just like with people there throwing parties at the Playway mansion。

 but actually organizing a list of girls that was so large because I was doing coldproach pickup and inviting people tozii。

 it got so big that I was put in charge of the female guest lists at the Playway mansion for a couple of really awesome events。

 including a party for Richard Branson and John Pauljoia which to the Black Tig gala。

 I invited all the female guest lists， so I was able to also invite my family and my friends as well because inviting these girls。

 in fact， this organization called them filler because there's so many girls that wanted to come to the mansion I was able to have the most amazing event and this is all just from leveraging those coldproach skills that you guys are learning to throw parties。

😊，A lot of this also had to deal with my days in the fraternity because in the fraternity days。

 I actually threw house partiess way slummier， though。 there're just college ft parties on a lake。

 but it was still in a mansion。 you're kind of like forced into networking with certain people because you have sororities are matched up with you。

 And then once a week。 You're set up on kind of of a blind date。

 But it's more of like a social circle date because there's not one on one， it's more like， yeah。

 you're seeing next to each other at dinner than everyone parties with each other。

 But just all these interactions and being part of organizing like this is so important。

 That's why I always recommend guys to find organizations like this。 I mean。

 there're speed dating and there's high end networking services。 But every scene in the world。

 actually， metropolitan and major metropolitans things like this all over to place。

 I know in New York and London all sorts of groups that are like this。

 If you find the VIP hostings They'll find all sorts of kind of like private societies like this。

 A lot of people that are just really social will organize your own little network like this。

 In fact， that's exactly what I did。😊，After Xi disappeared， after a few years。

 I actually organized to be called savvy。And Savvy was an organization I put up in a bunch of committee castles in Las Vegas。

 except that it was with my soul circle。A lot of them from other networking organizations that I've met。

 but I invited a series of millionaires and billionaire entrepreneurs and also beautiful girls and corporate sponsors to have really cool events at these mansions and share ideas。

 But I opposed to this partying， since I'm the guy who likes really learning and education to education。

 Everyone would share ideas。 One he invited people that had interesting story to share。

 where Everyone shared for 30 minutes， their story。 I did this later at the home。

 my friend Tony Shee， he used to have a huge building called the Ogden。😊，Now he lives somewhere else。

 But in that building， we had 100 condos and I gave everyone a free place to crash。

 And he was able to willing to do that because he's like the idea of bringing people to downtown Vegas where he's trying to build a community。

 And he measures things on what he calls R OC or returns on collisions instead of business people track。

 which is returns on investments because collisions。

 those little things you get from regular dinners or networking with each other are those things that inspire innovation。

 new ideas or return on a community。 That's another way to say RC。

 And that is the most important and most valuable thing to people that are really successful。

 And he want to do that were downtown Vegas。 because he moved his offices where Zappos。

 which he created Zappos com。 It's like the largest shoe company。

 And he sort of for a billion dollars。 Sa it on his CEO。😊。

And kind of build a community because he wanted to stay active in the community。

 He loved the corporate culture he built just kind of how we had a really awesome corporate culture。

 made it fun to work with RSD。 he did the same thing for his company。

 and what he does actually is he does regular events。 In fact。

 he really likes the burning man culture and I went into Burn man with a bunch of entrepreneurs to get a tour。

 It's basically go to the middle of the desert in Nevada and there's all sorts of people know it's kind of like about arts and love。

 it's kind of reminding me of like the hippie days where you have like people really into that kind of thing but it's how extravagant and also full of all interesting education。

 if you guys have a chance to check it out， I think you guys would be really interested and I think RSD is going consider having executive retreats out there with our instructors and staff as towers said he's really wanted to go with that。

 Well what Tony did is he's organized every other week at his home which is the trailero park in the middle of downtown Vegas where he has like 30 trailers as opposed to 30 bedrooms roaminglls and people to hang out with each other。

 I go to these events every other week and I invite my friends。He invites about 10 or 20 friends。

 each of us can buy whoever we want。 And it's just being a part of little intimate communities。

 intimate。Gatherings is cool。 and you got to meet a lot of really interesting people when you have people that are actively blowing soul circles and are just trying to introduce the Kre the quamer。

 the people who they believe are their most trusted friends to their other most trusted friends。

 it's really awesome。 And you can do this even on a microcausin level。😊。

When I'm now in Vegas because I used to throw huge events at my house when I was in Boston where my wife was going to Harvard。

 I used to organize huge different themes， different events。

 like a Zelda theme party where I got an orchestra from New York to come and play music of Zeelda or mar Ochi band for a Mexican theme party。

 Well now I organize small parties invite like 10 to 15 people to my house and have a tasting I'll have a friend cook food。

 he'll bring different wines or sakeckies and just talk about the history of the wines and the sakeckies and talk about the food and how decoratively repair them。

 have like a7 to 10 course tasting and'll share stories we'll have music But theres 10 to 15 people。

 I really get to know each other。 and I really prefer that over those large groups in large parties anyway。

 because now you can go deep with your friends。 I suppose you just developing a superficial friendships at first。

 But I think it's really important to do both because by doing the superficial friendships。

 you're able to find those people that you want to build those meaningful relationships with。😊。

I'll even organize trips and adventures for those people。I really， really want to get to know。

 for example， I had a villa that I rented in Bali with some friends。 and we hung out there。

 and we just shared stories and ideas。 And these are people that really helped me on a business level when we had really difficult challenges in the media because our friend Julia got in trouble with the media。

 and we had to have all sorts of really cool new vendors to work with us because some of our poor。

 badly we positioned old vendors were unwilling to work with us。

 but we got even better deals and better rates。 The thing is I also organized that with not just that know for social reasons。

 but pure business reasons。 I'll do it with RSD guys I'll it when join venture partners。

 I went to Octoberfested with a guy who was referring most of our clients in New York when we first create this company。

 I would say 90% plus of our clients were from there and just building those bonds were poor。

 having that base friendship is so much more important。😊。

Because you got to develop that emotional bank account where people are willing to invest in you emotionally。

 as opposed to just on a business level。We don't do that。

 people just walk away from you because people will walk away from business。

 but they can't walk away from your friends。 I also like celebrating a day of the week。

 my own special day or party with my friends sometimes you know I used to have like occasions for certain guys and girls where we'd have like Martintini Sundays or Sunday fun day Now with my wife I'll have a special day just for dates where we will do things together dinner。

 spas or whatever。 But having an perfect period and making time。

 a regular time period for your closest friends or those most important and most impactful for your life。

 for your business， for your social life for your community you're building just by doing some regularness and having that kind of routine it really does a huge difference for those of you that are really interested in up bringing your soul circle developing meaningful relationships and improving upon your relationship because then you have that bond that you actually know that dinner person really cares about you and caring about you for the long term。

😊。