# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：6无论你的个性如何，如何在生活中占有一席之地_06. How to Get Places in Life Regardless of-Your Personality-Style【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I want to discuss how you can get places in life regardless of your personality。

 your style or how you think you should be interacting with other people。

 because a lot of people are concerned that because of their personality。

 you might not get along with certain kinds of people in your social circle and not be able to develop certain kinds of business relationships。

And I think that one of the easiest ways to think about this is that if youre looking at people and you're interacting with people in a way where you're very open minded to their point of view and sense that you're not judging them。

When I say that， what I mean is you're looking at people in a way where you're not looking less of them orre better of them from what they're saying。

 they're going to be more open to talking to you。 A lot of people who are people that are important。

 want to be viewed just as them， not in any special way。So whether it's in your dating life。

 your social life， or your business life。You know， I personally and I recommend to others that they should look at people and regardless of their wealth。

 their status， if it's girl， their their beauty and their intelligence。

 just look at people in a way where you're not judging them or skill sets or their assets。

 you're just trying to enjoy the moment with that other person and getting along with them。

 And if you're able to do that， regardless of your personality。

 regardless of your style you shines through， You're just trying to convey who you are。

 They're conveying who they are and you're just ho cool with whatever that is。

 You're more likely to get along with almost anyone in RSD， we run across people all over。😊。

From all cultures， from all walks alive， all paths。

You're going to have the same situation when you're out in the bars and clubs picking up checks when you're out in the business world interacting with people from all sorts of walks of life。

 diverse backgrounds and what have you。It's extremely important to have this is a basic match because you're not going to match perfectly well with everyone。

 In fact， you're not going match perfectly well with almost anyone。

 If you have that wide breadth of experience like guys like Ty， he can do that。 But at the same time。

 he'll still rub shoulders with certain people in a way that's not the right way or perfect way。

 just like how most people will have those random people that they just don't want to deal with。

 But if you do have this as a basic premise of how you interact with other people。

 and you're not looking at every person， Oh， this is a matchmaking like interaction or you're trying to figure out whether this person you're interacting with is right person for you。

 no judgment on the table， But you're there to offer much value to their life in the sense that you're helping them with their goals or helping them with what they need and you're giving them a really good emotional experience from just being around you in terms of friendship and a companionship。

 you're more be likely to get what you want。 So care a lot less about what。😊，Other people are。

And they'll more likely care less about who you are and judging you。 In fact。

 you should also care less if people even like you。

Because if you're in an interaction and you're indifferent to that。

 you're more likely to get the result。 now you still have to calibrate。

 you don't want to look at a situation and say， okay。

 well I'm indifferent to the result of the interaction。

 I'm not calibrating at all to whether or not want this person to like me and that makes no sense。

 you still want to have a situation where you are thinking about how you're behaving。

 how you're being perceived， but emotionally， if you care less。

 if you don't allow physically hurts you if you think that you're not getting enough rapport or fast enough or you're not getting enough attraction when you're with that girl。

 you're trying to pick up those emotional triggers within yourself will allow you to have less of an impact on ultimate result。

 We talk a lot about this in terms of that passive indifference and how if you care less or if you don't care as much。

 you're going to get that result and that's where we're trying to convey because when you're in those tough situations。

Whether you're in your social life or business life， when you have less stress。

 less emotional entanglement， you're more likely to succeed succeedde because you have a clarity of mind。

 You're more on top of your game。 You have more interaction， more life， more vision。

 more passion when your interactions now come across and。😊，When you're doing this。

 you're going to be conveying more social value because everyone likes to be around people that are more aware。

 and that in and of itself is a gift to the other person。

Just being around people that have that positive energy and vibe gives other people at ease because what you feel。

 they'll feel， whatever girl you're interacting with， what you feel， they'll feel also。

 You convey that， push that on to them mis naturallytally just form your behaviors。

 your body language， your interaction， your talk。 It must be conveyed on to them。😊。

So you need to understand the emotional part of things。 And on the intellectual side。

 you should also understand what their mental blueprint is。 And when we talk about that。

 we're talking about their belief systems， what there's typical kind of ways they view the world。

 their values， how they expect things to appear and understand what that is。

 So when you're interacting with them。You could be focusing on your perception because yeah impression is important。

 it's very important， especially that first impression when you're doing a cold approach or you're doing that first impression when you're in a business interaction with a deal for high stakes deal。

So I think that in order to understand various blueprints of the world and understand how people interact with each other。

 you've got to get that wide varied social circle and make it as big as possible。

With as many different kinds of people as possible as well。

Because you never know who you're gonna interact with。

 And you're gonna have to interact in life with all sorts of people as you kind of shelter yourself from the rest of the world and have a bigger。

 steady routine with no plans to ever grow outside of that total circle。

 like if you're in a small town everyone knows each other or if your goal in life just to be an introverted person who just hangs out has a quiet relationship with one person doesn't really grow or travel is not interested in building that large total circle and pick up。

 And I think that most people that are watching this program。 But you're founding finding us。

 because this is the exact opposite of what you want to do。

 you want to be an explorer orre adventure you want to go out there and and conquer all sorts of social situations and experience life from what it has to offer。

Now。Professionally， I really try to focus on negating my own personal interests when I'm interacting with people。

I try to look at those situations where I'm running into maybe conflicts or situations in business where I'm running into people that I just cannot get along with because even though I have a large breadth of people。

 there are people that I view are just too negative or too difficult to deal with。

And sometimes it's people that just are perceived that way because they're hanging out with people that are pushing that kind of vibe onto them。

As a result， we have had a lot of training within my own company to figure out how to deal with these conversations。

 And we call them crucial conversationsverations。 There's a book that's written called Cal Conversations that talks about how crucial conversationsverations。

Its a conversation that has high emotions。High stakes。And it involves very conflicting opinions。

And in these conversations， the most important thing is that you， first of all。

 you listen very carefully to what the other person is saying。

Kind of like what Stephen Cove used to say， see first understand before being understood and repeating what they're saying and asking a lot of questions because it's surprising how many times people will come to a point of judgment and assume something when it's not even the case and even though some things may seem far fetchched from your reality。

 it is oftentimes that farfeed thing is actually the way it is， yet you should follow your intuition。

And after you do that process of getting the questions， you cr your viewpoint， and you will say。

 you know， I it was。Interpreting X， Y， and Z actions， all these things that you are doing。

And I was wondering why you were saying these things because when I was interacting with these things。

 I was hearing you ABC and basically use that process and then get your feedback as opposed to saying。

 you， you did XYZ and as a result， I'm pissed and I'm angry and I think that's retarded。

And as a result， you'll get more feedback by looking at in a neutral way。

 And that is kind of like the conversational way of doing what I was originally talking about when you're talking about not judging people。

 not coming across and judging people。 That's where you're trying to keep an open mind。

 trying to understand the other person。 and that genuine curiosity comes through。Now。

 if you develop people around you。Develop people that， you know， are really congruent to who you are。

 You don't need to compromise yourself。 You't need to compromise your value and investing in those kind of people is the most important thing。

I know that Harvey McKay would say， if you invest in grain， it'll give you one year of prosperity。

 If you invest in trees， it'll give you 10 years of prosperity。 But if you invest in people。

 itll give you 100 years of prosperity。In RSD， we invest in the movement。

 the movement of higher self and higher purpose。 And in my opinion， if you invest in the movement。

 you'll have 100 years of prosperity， as we see with religions and other general movements in terms of core values and core processes of thinking。

Well， the point of all this is that you should always think a few steps ahead。

 whether it's in life or whether it's in a game like chess or kind of strategic games because these reference experiences will come across in your social interactions and there's oftentimes where you have to be a ta be in charge of your life operations and kind of run through the gambit and only when you think。

 okay if this happens this is going happen I remember watching movies like the Godfather where Michael Coryone the godfather boss says I'm going to go into this meeting。

 I'm going have a conversation I'm going to sit down。

 I'm going somehow see a guy from around the corner and he's going shoot me and kill me。AndInstead。

 he just created a game plan and did something to prevent that from happening。

 So if you are very confident in the outcome of certain situation。

 think about your reference experiences from having that wide varied social experience。

 from having a lot of interaction with different people and try to figure out how you could use that in a way that gives you the positive outcomes that you're looking for。

😊。