# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：02.企业物流_02. Corporate Logistics【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I wanted to talk to you also a little bit about the business logistics behind real social dynamics because a lot of you guys have been signing up for the bootcamp program and a lot of you have even asked how are we able to run these programs around the world that are impressed that we're able to do this a thousand times a year all over the world in cities and countries that not necessarily are having English as our primary language and a lot of it has to do with the fact that our bootcamp instructors are how we train to adapt almost any environment。

A lot of it comes from Owen so before a boot camp instructor enter a program they have to enter a six month training program where they go out every night for six months they also study all sorts of self- improvementrov programs In fact we even created a manual full of books。

 educational resources and train materials for people to go through。

I think it's really important for people to do that so important that other companies are modeling this system。

 I remember back in the day like in 2006 Tony Shey。

 the founder of Zappos and his director of HR and by me over to their office in Las Vegas and they gave us a bunch of the books that they go through and we shared a bunch of books that we go through for our training kind of sharing what they call Zappos University what we had is our internal Rs University。

 I ended up walking away from that with literally a truck full books。

The thing is other than just having really welltrained instructors。

 we also have have really tight travel logistics， so we have two teams we have a travel team of guys who book all of our travel from around the world。

 which our boot camp instructor are very lucky to have because I actually personally had to do it from my world tour where I literally went in six months to 270 cities in six countries and have all sorts of travel tactics from using Pft。

com to get crossmotional alliance points using points。

com the transfer points over from one alliance to another to using things like you're to get cheaper tickets for firstclassify and able to use the internet to still do business on the train on the plane that what have you。

But we also have to have guys who are very comfortable they're roing with a team like an entreage like rock stars。

 so they go from C to city apartment from apartment。

 with a team of people that do everything from video production to marketing to sales and they kind of like little business sales as if they are like a little subdivision of RSD and these are guys are personally trained by the corporate team that we've developed since 2002 guys were really on the ball during my world tour I literally had to organize just not just the tour。

 not just my content not just seminars because I did four hour seminars but to organize the craziest of business issues because at the time of the recession we were in such a bad condition we were literally a half million dollars in debt。

Com up with a really like a long shot football kind of toss solution in the fourth quarter under like a minute left in the game。

 which is I ripped out of the magazine of Uniteded Mag and Delta magazine， a map of all the cities。

 And I assumed that wealth， American businessmen or traveling in these places， I bet。😊。

People want to buy products from。From us too， because we have a global presence around the world。

Sogon and Is a tour where I literally went all over the world while running the company。

 I even traveled sometimes one to three times a day like a tour where I would go to like 30 different countries and cities in Europe and then fly back to LA from my board director's meetings and it was so important for me to do this because monitoring our metrics and marketing stats and sharing this information my board directors with Owen it was so important so I'd literally be teaching programs and then tracking all the stats and our sales and making sure we were able to close and I was closinging。

About 20% in the audience and an awesome deal， like a bundle that we would give to no one else today because we were really needing to get some influx of cash and we didn't have a lot of programs to sell。

 now we have a huge repertoire of awesome products and programs and it's always growing。

 but we also track everything from our how many new customers we have。

 how many repeat customers have， how many times they buy a program again， you know， for example。😊。

Half of our sales comes from repeat business， had a third of our customers or repeat customers and it's tracking this with Own so we would know we were on top of our numbers because we were always focusing on growth and marketing and we were growing 20% year to year so fast we made Inc magazines innc5000 this and we would rank the 85th fastest growing company in California when we were based in California at the time Now we're Nevada Corporation but we were always focusing on sales and scaling up we were able to do that because we were able to exceed our content development faster than most companies could even create marketing and it was crazy because if you look at things like companies like Apple they wereDevelop technology so fast。

So rapidly that their marketing isn't even necessary and as a result you look at our company。

 we spend sometimes $50 or less on marketing and advertising it。

 we were able to grow this global company。 It's just because you have really tight content and we're going to do that because our guys are in the field all the time Now if you take a company like Apple and you're always developing always innovating it's the same thing the same thing goes in the pickup ands social game if you're always out there in the field you're always developing that's why we always say the field experience is king。

 you got to hit the field you got to go out there and you got to do the job but the same time。

You got to get people that could help you out so in our company， for example， in business。

 we delegate our tasks we have all sorts of people I can't do everything I used to every single job in the company I've done before from instructing to finance sales HR IT even some of the paralegal and law work and at the same time right now I'm studying law at Harvard but before I really new law I was still studying it and learning all these different things Now this is what I view is really important also for your social life and pickup if you want to really good at your social circle and your social life you got to develop it。

 you got to practice if you want to be good at throwing parties practice doing it if you want to be good at court approach do that as well and don't just do that in your pickup life try doing that court approach for your social life for your business life。

 entertaining practice it people are always say how do you do that Well I'm always with the philosophy that you learn from the field a lot of people could learn theory。

 but we built RSD not to be armchair professors but guys who are in the field learning constantly refining the jobs and the tasks we also use a law technology to grow what we're doing。

There's all sorts of technological resources to grow for say business yet a lot of people haven't developed that for social purposes until this last decade。

 so if you look at things like Salesforce。com or customer relationshipshipman programs where you manage customers and you can see where purchase history that's cool a lot of people are starting to do that now for social purposes in fact back in the day I used to do just that I used to use a lot of the software I use for business to track my social interactions like what I did my history's kind of a journal just with particular individual particular friends or for my day life particular girls。

And also kind of track who they know in fact I guess that's why LinkedIn became popular because this was a product that people really needed I mean we created real social dynamics and this is a product that I believe I personally needed and I personally wanted because I was always throwing elaborate extravagant parties but I didn't really know how to do coldpro pickup and that's why we kind of built RSD to be the way it is at the same time。

When you're building a team， you're building a company。

 you also need to teach them to grow so in the same path because I like to compare a lot of what we do for business for your social life。

 you got to do the same thing for your social circle for your friends for your family So a lot of things I like to do is try to help them out if I'm expanding my social repertoire going to parties and what have you I'll take those people even the most social awkward people and throw them into really interesting parties and social situations I'll do accomplishment introductions where I say hey this is my buddy's really awesome great guy and then just get them involved conversation to the beautiful girls and other guys and it's not necessary just for pickup It's just to get their social repertoire up this is my friends sec as my friends get more skills more social capital it's kind of doing the same thing for me as I always say when you look at guys who have a massive Rolodex It's always because the people that are in their friendship circle also have some kind of Rolodex and every single person that you meet will exponentially grow what that is and what that looks like。

Like。Now， another thing is really important though， is to manage your schedule and manage your time。

In terms of logistics， were always short on time and it's crazy how fast the time goes by sometimes I don't even know what day it is because all of our days seem to be very similar。

 especially when you're in my position as entrepreneur and you're building a business So as a result。

 oftentimes I don't even know what weekday is sometimes I don't even know how old I am I have to actually calculate that the days go by so fast as you get older。

 it's even more rapid speed。 So what's really important is for you guys to schedule stuff。

 there's software that is like aa or basec you get trackor task for business。

 but more and more people are using the same software。

 the tractor task for their personal life having schedules and assistants are important as well。

 I used to not have an assistant。 I had an assistant for the first time just a couple years ago。

 and now I have a personal assistant and a business assistant I have a personal assistant doing all those tasks where I feel like I'm not leveraging my time everything from getting groceries doing errands going shopping for me and that allows me to focus on those higher Dev things like networking building the business making content。

And it's also very important because although in payroll right now。

 we fluctuate anywhere from like 100 to 200 people on payroll， yet at the same time。

 we have anywhere from 600 to over 100 people volunteering for us。

 and we have to manage teams of people to manage these people to help out a weekend here and there and also to grow because as we are growing the company。

 it's so much more important for us to get reliable dependable people to help us grow this company in the same way when you first grow your social circle you're going to have to have a massive amount of experience with a wide variety of people。

 people that may or may not be as reliable as dedicated。But that's important。

 it's important for you to get that wide variety so you know where you want to invest your time。

 those people who are really dedicated to self-impement。

 growth and invested in your future and success， those are the people you want to invest in。

 those are people who I've invested and the most important and most valuable thing you have are your personal friends your longterm business friends who are hopefully your personal friends and your family and I consider all these people part of my family as well。

