# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：10.将资金用于特殊活动的独家访问_10. Using Money for Exclusive Access to-Special Events【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Unquestionably in this world， there are some exclusive access events， special events。

That can only be gotten to if you can afford it。 And I am known because I actually attend a lot of these events。

 Now， some people will get access to social or work the event。 They volunteer the event。

 I used to do this。 I used to do this for presidential dinner parties。

I did that with one with President George Bush， I also do to do this for exclusive events。

 for huge political campaigns and huge， huge rock star parties that were exclusively filled with celebrities。

And even the most elite of the elite。Nowadays， though。

 I gain a lot of the access because I don't have the time to volunteer to intern with these organizations or to provide services。

 I actually will you know support these organizations through you know money。

 but whenever possible I prefer to do it through these other means， for example。

There was an organization called Azii。And this is an organization that costed money and I was willing to pay it。

 but also volunteered to join the board of the company to help the direction of the company and get invited to some of their more exclusive special events that are even available to the other members。

And I did that because I wanted to be a part of the networking involved with that。

Similar events that similar organizations to that。Party club， which we had。

Amazing girls and guys connected with each other in very elite environments and having late night parties with stars and celebrities were kind of replicated in different cities like London or New York。

I know in London， there's a lot of secret societies。

 they're not secret in the sense that they're trying to hide anything they secret in the sense that they're private。

 exclusive and that they don't want people in there that may not add attribute value to the community。

So in New York， there's organizations like Carbon NYC， Attica。

 social clubs where there's way more girls than guys they have parties in the rooftops in the most exclusive presidential suites of hotels or。

Inside private homes。It's kind of like having your own social circle that you built from scratch。

 but you're just kind of paying for it。And the other thing is usually you can't get invite to any of the organizations I mentioned。

 unless you have other friends that are in that。I know that there's a reason for that because they want particular kinds of people。

 whether it's a person who's like a business owner or a person who's artsy。

 I know that in LA there's organizations called Soho House and similar clubs。

where they are just not necessarily looking for people who have money。

 but exclusive access for people that are really into art。

 and maybe their profession gets them involved with art。

 not necessarily art in the sense of drawing art that could be in the movie industry。

 they can be a journalist， but it's more about having a creative space for people that have that creative mind to share。

 yet it attracts a lot of really successful people in that。

I personally like going to things that add a lot of entertainment to my interests and one of my entertainment pastimes is just listening to really good music so I love going to the Grammys。

 I've invited girls on dates to the Grammys， I've also had my parents go with me to the Grammys and I've had friends go with me。

Now I'm out in the music industry， I thought it'd be really cool if we had RC instructors that could wrap and sing and go on stage。

 we do have Jeffie， you could do karaoke， but in terms of the graammys。

I used to go with my attorney and invite other people with me every year。

And you could get tickets for really cheap on Craigslist。

 also would go to video game companies like Guzcon， one of our advisors。

For our company who has helped us out on a few board of directors meetings was Rob Paro。

 the creator of War of Warcraft， and this is somebody who got me into a lot of the Bizzard games。

 he gave me a free copy of Starcraft2 and then I got involved with playing video game Heartstone。

And also， we're a warcraft。And I like going to BizCon and celebrating all the people who are playing video games I。

Because I know a lot of the owners of teams now who will get invited to go on stage with the teams and actually see the World championship game。

 so I find that to be a lot of fun。I also love going to shows in Las Vegas。

 I also have networked with people that are in the strictly they Sle shows。

 I know people who own strictly de Sle gyms。And I'll go behind the scenes and tours and I'll also take my family to see shows these are kind of like ways of networking that can give you like a little extra push because a cool thing for me that fascinates me a lot is getting there behind the scenes access tours of any kind of business but when it's involved with things like Cte Sele and you get to see how much pleasure you got from something and seeing the secrets behind it all that's a never added bonus for me at the same time I love just contacting business owners and just taking tours of their offices。

 those are kind of the benefits of being a business owner or just being anyone who's curious about doing it because even when I was just a student。

It contacting people asking to do this， almost everyone would say yes。In fact。

 I was so into that that would get exclusive access to the nightclubs behind the scenes。

 I was going to some of the most exclusive industry nightclubs in California and just walking up to the VIP host。

 the Bouch doorman talking about how as an industry。

 talking about how I was really interested in getting a behind the scenes tour of what they were doing because of my network and the people I've met and I would make it appear like I had a lot of value to offer them。

I would literally have the owner or CEOO of the company come out and he give me a tour behind the scenes。

 the offices of the nightclub， how they work or DJ boothoth and just like a personal VIP tour。

 it's a pretty cool thing that you could do because most people only see the nightclubs from going to the barsge to pick up girls。

For me， I like looking at the interaction from a business standpoint。

 but the thing is I also am the weird guy who looks at a business like a bar a co restaurant as opposed to looking at their food。

 I'm analyzing the dynamics of how profitable this organization could be。

 how much revenues are're making， how to optimize your situation and the social dynamics of what's going on around me。

I think a lot of that had to do with my background of having worked in the clubs and Sas at a really young age。

Because I used to do this when my dad was a professor before we went into the business world。

 I was like a businessman running business。He was a professor of computer science。

 he was even teaching me and when he was working late graing papers。

 hed dropped me off in a nightclub even when I was just 12 years old to pass out fires for his organization and then go watch rock bands。

 I'd hang out back to the age with corn and bush and deaf tones and cake and all these guys even before they were famous。

And I thought that was a really cool way to get into things and also inspired me to start throwing parties later on。

 which inspired me to then become a leader organizing events that are kind of like parties。I mean。

 there are seminars for RSD。But I always found party summits and fun things to participate in。

 whether it was like Woodstock or things like that。

 because I knew that I was going to meet common people。

 people that had to like mindedness for adventure， I had to explore。And yeah， is travel。

 all these things do cost money， it doesn't necessarily cost a ton of money。

 but it allows you to explore life， so these are the kind of things that I was saving up for because I view these things as like exclusive once in a lifetime kind of my opportunities。

Nowadays， a lot of my time has been spent going to business conventions more often in these party conventions and what have you？

Trying to learn how to improve and optimize my company in。I've done so much of this。

 I actually prefer to avoid。most any kind of any of these things because I've been frequently these things so often I've developed such a large network。

 I prefer just to organize my own invention and the people that I met from all these things。So。

I think I think that you just really got to get your groove on if you want to get into these things and just try it out。

 whether it's volunteering at first， buying your way into what have you， I mean for me。

 I enjoy the process of those down to earth parties can have just your social circle on friends。

 but the creativity and effort put into say like a black tie social event。

Um it's just so much more fascinating to me because I appreciate the dynamics and the work that goes into it and the creativity that goes into it because I come from that organizational event planning background。

I mean， a lot of people go to Mardi Gr for example。

 theyll go hit the streets on Burbon Street and you'll see a lot of girls are showing their boobs at the same time in the same city at Mardi Gr it's also known for these elite parade events where people dressed up in tuxedos because originally the parties were not about boobs and beads it's about the elites and the elite of New Orleans going into the convention center and other places organizing these little secret societies like Oreus or something like that where celebrities and the people that were friends of the people who were just celebrities of the local studiesies of New Orleans would come in town have great food together listen to good music together and be entertained and it still exists today and I prefer looking for those kind of like hidden gems and even just finding out that these unusual things happened at the same time as what the mainstream public kind of like gets to perceive as like the main event。

Its kind of like a skill set it's a skillet that unique we have found and I just tapped into it so deeply that sometimes I just find myself at these events not even intending to go to these events now because I'm so deep in soul circles tied into attending these kind of events all the time that's the benefit of having a very elite soul circle when it's you built from scratch and put a lot lot of work into it for me it's been my whole life building up to this in order to develop that。

You have to start somewhere， though， so this is what you really want， this is how I did it。

