# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：08.奖金_08. Bonuses：2帕帕策划会议现场直播_02. Papa Mastermind Session Live【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

It's a Vegas immersion。 All right， So we have some interesting special guests， including myself。😊。

What。So you guys are used to hearing a lot of the guys talk about picking up girls and。

If you guys have questions about dating， pickup， what have you， that's fine。

 But what I wanted to do was give you guys a chance to talk about how we went behind the scenes in RsD and we wanted to reveal some of the stuff we do behind the business side how you could apply some of the skills you guys are doing in terms of pickup a social circle here in Las Vegas and apply that to your life and also a lot of the skills that you teach I mean we teach that you guys are learning that you guys here every day here at Sapphires Str club in terms of the Vegas immersion program apply directly in terms of your business life。

 your personal life， your social life and all aspects of things in terms of relationships in terms of business in terms of personal what have you you guys could see that。

 we built RsD as real social dynamics because that process of identity level change is something that we've been teaching through pickup。

 But you could learn a lot of these aspects and the mindset。

 especially in terms of your success with women。 It's kind of congruent across the whole board。

 That's why we call ourselves real social dynamics， as opposed to。

Pick up grill dynamics or Dan dynamics or something like that。 Now， today。

 we have some interesting guests here。😊，So I created RsD， and Tyler and I built it about Well。

 a long time ago。 It's 2002 and。I have a lot of stories to share。

 a lot of interesting stories about business and ideas and what have you。 However。

 in order for me to really get back into teaching because it's been a very long time since I've taught boot campamp almost a decade。

 I wanted to have someone to help interview and also bring up people of my personal mastermind in terms of business and also just life in general。

 So here's the people that we have in front of you。

 I don't know if you guys recognize the people in the front of the room。 But first， we got backspace。

 if you guys are in the video games， he owns the most successful video game team in a world called T Markcon。

 If you look at a Mas。 he has almost 600000 people watching him every time he plays video games。

 They have corporate sponsorship now being in Vegas。

 It's kind of cool because he also was in charge the highroll program and seizure entertainment group called the Seven Stars program。

😊，And he's an extremely smart guy， and he's helped me out with a lot of interesting things about my personal and business life。

Including getting me to be able to stream， which I'm going do on Thursday。 Yeah。

 so if you guys want to check that out， go to my YouTube channel and I'll be answering questions from the RSC Founderers Club live from the Tmar on Mansion。

 which is a house that his video game guys have very similar to Project Hollywood mansion when we were running Project Hollywood back in the day and having all the guys who are RSC instructors live together。

 You also might recognize Brandon Carter。😊，This guy has almost 600，000 people falling on YouTube。

 about 1。51。6 million people falling on Facebook for health and fitness。

 and he also has a supplement company。 But this is a guy you'll see at World Summit。

 A lot of you guys are going be here for a summit。 He's actually speaking on Wednesday along with a guy named Greg O Gauger from Kennobody。

He's an awesome guy for health and fitness and also a businessman entrepreneur。

 And he has every week on his Snapchat， some hip hop beats。😊。

Kind of inspiring for me because I'm working on creating my own music video。

 and I might be using one of his beats， and I actually have my wife creating someged rugged lyrics。

 you know。😊，And it'll be funny， but it'll be cool， it's serious we're actually doing this。

And we got another guy who is an R SD founders club Plainum member， who has。Created many。

 many businesses。 I consider him a serial entrepreneur。

 even though he may or may not consider the same because he's created many， many businesses。

 One of them is personality。Dynamics education company where the studying of personalities allow you to kind of understand a lot more about who you are terms the business and your social life。

And he's going to be kind of like our interviewee or no interviewer。 So we're the interviewees。

 He's going to be asking us questions。 The four topics that are going to our main focus today will be about business。

 relationships， mindsets， networking。And he's prepared a bunch of questions。

 but if you guys are inspired by what we're talking about。

 we'll also open up the floor to you guys since you guys are here in person to give you guys a chance to ask any questions on your mind whatsoever。

 So let's get started。My name is Joel Mark， by the way。 I wrote a company called personality Hacker。

 So guys， let's start with Mins。 I think mindset' is a great place to start when we're talking about business and there's a lot of mindset around Pick up。

 But when it comes to business， particularly， talk a little bit about some of the highest leverage mindsets you guys have。

😊，When you think about business， what is the like， if you could boil it down to a mindset that you take with you every day。

 What is that mindset， Let's start with， let's start with Brandon。Me， Ma， always learning。

Like all consistently learning and studying。 I took a few years ago， I took a speed reading course。

 So I try to get to a few books a week。 I don't know Nick does the same。 I mean。

 he's I like Nick's almost addicted to school right And most of the the high level people I meet have a similar attitude to。

 I feel like when you think you know。you think you know shit。 That's when。You I don't know。

 that's when people start fucking up。 you know， it's like arrogance because things always change and you have to be abreast of all those changes。

 But that's that' that's the main thing that I try to focus on。Okay， I'm new to this。

 so I think whenever you start in any sort of business there's like a weeding out process where like everybody goes through like different phases and everybody has different obstacles。

 And if you're in the same business， everybody meets those same obstacles， right？

 So once the weeding out process is like complete。 I would suggest not being like becoming content。

 everybody that I know that in our same space became content。

 And the reason why we like shot way up is we always try new things， we always push the envelope。

 And it's like really， really important that you like never become content。

 like because your competitors are younger and stronger and they are more willing to do things that you aren't。

 So。😊，WellOne of the biggest mindsets I have is that anything is possible mindset is actually true。

 even when it's not true。So when I look at business， I'll think outside the box to the most extreme。

 you know， sometimes it'll be borderline right on the edge of what you should or not be doing。

 but you have to have to know what that is。 But I think right outside。

Outside the box all the time in terms of business look at creativity。

 If you see a lot of towers videos in terms of pickup， it's always very， very extreme。

 And I have a lot of extreme views。 But in terms of business。

 I'm always continually trying to think about how I'm doing something a little bit different so I could accomplish things that people don't think are possible。

 I always loved the idea of stretching what's possible。

 I used to do exercises when I used to run seminars called Well， the original RD free tour。

 So I create the RSD free tour in 2008。 where I organize a tour in six months of 270 cities in 70 countries。

 And it was a four hour event。 And after about a half hour presentation。

 I sent all the guys into the field to go pick up girls。😊。

Some of my highlights were sending 450 people in London to Herod's department store and telling each of them they have to approach three girls。

 Now， there's not that many girls in Herods to match each of the guys。

 So you came with some funny stories。😊，But what I want them to realize is that they could actually get success even without law of training and just doing it in a very unusual situations。

 So guys were still getting phone numbers， some guys， date girls that they met afterwards。

 even just like a few times， but。That's what I called a mission impossible。

 not because it was an impossible mission because it's pushing your boundaries which you think is possible。

 and my mindset in terms of business is always trying to figure out how to push that boundary a little bit further to get that little edge。

I don't know if it was you or somebody else。 But I remember somebody was talking to me。

About how the difference between somebody who is massively successful is usually just like 10% to 15 per cent different in terms of thinking。

 And I believe that very firmly。 And so I think that if you。

 unless you do think outside the necessary standard norms of society， you're not going to get that。

 I've always wanted to live outside to mundane。So， so follow up question。

 you guys think you say thinking different learning， you know， thinking differently outside the box。

 somebody's starting a business in the middle of a business。 How do you balance。

Leveraging what you already know about business， the things that already been done and the different way of thinking。

 I mean， do you， do you look at templates， Do you look at ways people have done things before。

 And at what point do you start to transcend that and say， I'm gonna to do it my way now。

 Do you start off copying， Do you start off emulating or do you just go out of the gate。

 just doing everything brand new and just fail again， fail better type type thing。

Start with someone else， so I have time to come up with a good answer。

Okay only thing you can do with the water trick the water trick is drink so I could just about my own copy everybody else that was in the space。

 So we started off by copying almost identical business plan was and then seeing where they made mistakes So I can just point some the mistakes they So we do tournament production we like card games online we produce we put onw or essentially like YouTube as live So all of the big companies。

 I these companies are spending like $80 million in these tournaments right they were having like their demographic their demographics like 25 and under being taught and told their story by their cast were like wearing suits like this ESPN feel。

 And I'm like these are 25 year old kids。 Let's have our casters in hoodies let's have our casters like joke around cuts every once in a。

😊，Like that's often like I don't want them to be professional。 These are 25 year olds。

 These aren't like 40 year old men that want to sit bored at home watching a video game right So we definitely learned from like our opponents like mistakes。

 So our opponents were just like they didn't understand the space as well as we did。

 and we capitalize on those immediately。 Now everybody's copying what we're doing So like once a week and my business partner。

 we just sit in the room， we just come with new ideas。

 So we're always staying fresh and we're always beating out these companies。

 So like to give you guys really good comparisons， our tournament had 140000 viewers。

 which is a lot in our space。 It was the number one tournament that year。

 our competitors probably spent it between like 10 150 million on an identical tournament and we beat them by 40000 viewers which is insane。

 It's also the game developer themselves that was running the tournament。😊。

Now they've copied almost everything that we do and to keep everything fresh。

 we just like pop up new formats or we have celebrities coming and cast the events and we we're doing a shit out of cross promotion now。

 which we didn't do and originally neither do they So it's kind of like we're always one step ahead of even the people that owned the game in the title。

 which is awesome。So。Well， for me， I've always had a mastermind group of some kind。

 whether it was real social dynamics or trying to get members of the board of advisors。

 And I organized it so that we would discuss not just a business， but our family life。

 our personal life and our business life So we share ideas and model those ideas when you guys have that with real social dynamics in terms of instructors in terms of like pickup。

 and you'll see the guys on a YouTube channels。 And for me。

 having people I could meet up with on a monthly basis。

 at least minimum once a month as an accountability group to my goals to help me out in pretty much all areas of my life。

 And so in terms of that， I guess I， realize that a lot of what I do or think is not。You know， that。

Common like stuff that I think is really unique and rare。

 I find that it's almost always happening that everyone has those really weird situations that kind of happen to them。

 I bet like every every person in this room has probably had really weird things that happen to them that you think is really unique to you。

 And it's always a surprise to me how common it is that we actually share that common bond。

 And as a result， those solutions that come from solving those problems。

 even though it's slightly different。Even though they're really extreme sometimes all the time。

 I always know that there's a lot of common bounds in terms of what we have in terms of what these solutions are。

 And so I always try to look for people that have had those situations。

 It's interesting because a lot of people that。I interact with。

 They're just regular friends are not necessarily like。You know。

 CEOos of companies are just like normal guys。 I'll just talk to them about a lot of things that happened to me。

 when nurse of my personal life going deep or in something having my family or business。

I'll always be surprised how easy it is to relate to people。

 That's why I'll just sometimes if I'm just hanging out a bar just talking to the bartender。

 not like the bartender。 or like guru。 He's like， you know， but sometimes you'll be talking to him。

 I'll come up with some interesting ideas。 And it's like you're talking to Yoda。 So you' never know。

 all you have to do is be open。 So， I mean， one of the things is。

 I'll be very open minded about sharing full disclosure。 A lot of what's on my mind。

 Just try to find out those solutions all the time。

 And you'll be surprised how often you get those solutions。Yeah， I just copy off everyone。No， no。

 I mean， I， I do。 I do a lot of that。 like like a lot of that。 like， but I， I have some。😊。

Friends who are at higher， higher levels than me。 And they've been through a lot of the shit that。

Im going through and they've kind of like cleared the bushes or figured it out。

 so I don't have to like like Nick or Owen or friends with Ellie Holst。

 I can text them if have a question the fuck shit and like give me a good answer and I don't have to figure I'm unfortunate I don't have to figure shit out 100% myself but also like when you say ideas every I do this thing I think I got it from Brian Tracy or one of these my fuck and I write down 20 ideas every day like just 20 ideas and like I can just come up with ideas。

I don't know， I feel it's like a muscle。So you train yourself to come up with good ideas And， and I。

 but I run it past， I might run it past people。 or what do you think， What do you think about。

 what if you know， somebody who's。Been in my space or preferably someone more successful than me and。

I know make it's pretty hard to find people more successful you。

 That's why you're talking to bartenendders and homeless people but it ain't that hard for me to find people more successful to me。

 So I like to run a past and get their input。 but also know my market like I actually read it's hard。

 but I read every comment I get on YouTube and I want to respond。

 but I see everything I want to get because that's the market。

 that's the consumer right there and you know these big companies， they go away。

 they go out of their way to find Pepsy knows everything But Amazon knows everything about you。

 right。😊，And I I don't have that kind of data， but if I can just get a gauge of how these guys react to shit。

 then I can cater to them a little better thinking about。

 so thinking about how you guys each have a skill set that you bring to the table beyond business。

 Nick， it's social networking， it's pickup。Brerent it's video gaming right， gaming stuff like that。

 I mean I'm saying in addition to business， not just you know in addition and your health wellness。

 fitness。What those skills， How have they helped you in business。

 the mindsets that you've had in the talent you bring。

 How has that translated into the actual business world。

 What skills you brought over and have translated over into that， into that world。What Well， I mean。

 like I play car games for living means。 So I played like magic Pokemon and poker。

 And I'm like a top level a pro and all of them。 So I think critical thinking is good in any field。

 right， Like， I think any top level a pro in almost any facet can become a businessman if they want to。

 Cri thinking is very important。 And， and a constant critical thinking is extremely important。

 Keep your mind active。 like。😊，I came from the party promotion business because I've been passing out flyers for nightclubs when I was 12 years old to organizing parties with my fake ID。

 saying I was 21 when I was a teenager in New York City。

 and then when I was in college just throwing the most epic parties as the party organizer for the girls of the Big Ten for Playway College division。

So I guess a lot of my skill set was throwing events so all that transferred over from me because RSD throws over1000 events every year and just understanding the dynamics of building connections and networking like a promoter that's why I think a lot of RSD guys like that As for being a promoter because a lot of that translates in terms of pickup and dating and also business but in terms of what I did as a skill set。

 I think a lot of the building of a Rolodex network the fast organization of events and parties got me in the habit of fast execution because I used to do things a lot a lot of events of parties all the time。

 that's how I built my Rolodex and I think that the organizing of just an activity in general helped me organize RSD as a company organize my social life and I really just treat my whole social life as like running a business as a result I used to do a speech at the world summit I did two speeches one of them was about how to be the CEO of your own social life and personal life and how I built my social life into different departments of。

And the other one was about how to network with people that were in the high end entertainment businesses or snubbbrity entertainment and what have you because I was living in Hollywood at the time。

 and I think that both of those skill sets just came from that original background outside of business。

 and organizing social parties and understanding like the dynamics of how people interact with each other。

 that social matrix。诶。Me。You know， I， I think I'm。Probably the Michael Jordan of fitness。

 Like honestly， I think I could take， I could take any more fucking in 90 days have him。

In the best shape of his fucking life， I believe that should wholeheartedly and。

How that translates to businesses， I know people are always asking me for like fitness advice。

 And I can give it to them。 And it's like a way for me to add value right because you don't want then then that builds reciprocity And you can。

 you know， anybody。 like you know， this is men， women。

 anyone people just asking me for advice all the time And I'm more than happy to give it to because I'm just always when I meet people I'm always looking to add value instead of you know meet these focus。

 But when you get。😊，Higher when you get like higher up to totem pole you feel like there's a lot of because we're just scavveage' always trying to get some from you。

 But if I always want to like give help people。 And if that's usually a way I can help some people out in in some sort add value。

 Sure so it helps with networking， I guess。So， and Nick。

 this is probably going to be question for you particularly。

 but you guys I want you to weigh on this too。How okay， somebody doesn't have a social circle yet。

 Some's starting out in business。 They don't know anybody。 they don't have the leverage。

 They don't have the status。 They have nothing to necessarily offer maybe a high level CEO or somebody like that。

 And you guys probably have had to like pitch， know， sponsors or find different partners in business。

 How do you guys， How have you found to be able to do that when you're starting from scratch。

 Can you give advice to someone that's watching or listening， like what do I do。

 How do I start that process， building my network before I need it。 Basically， add value。

 find a way to add value' What do you mean by that， it be it could be anything like like you know。

 guyss intern for RSD And then I know a guy who intern for RsD， now he own a big。

 successful supplement website。Yeah， I mean， I mean， add value， add value。

 find a way to add value with some， some capacity you don't want to yout be a taker， you know。

 because people avoid that。 but everybody likes the guy who's adding value， I think。

That is the best advice ever。Seriously， so like he said my best asset in business is like strategic my best asset is actually networking right So I actually find myself to be one of the best network in the world I know more billionaires than probably most people。

 Nick probably has me beat I mean， and I always add something to it Most of these guys just want treat like a human And most of them just want you to with them So like if you could actually find yoursve like practicing conversations in your or furing out a way to communicate with people like that is easily the best way to get business going because it doesn't matter what business you're in if you have a big network behind it。

 you can't fail Like I could call Nick anytime and borrow this production equipment。

 And now I don't to buy production and equipment we did a house for New York Times or something like couple weeks ago Nick and borrow your fucking super。

 like absolutely we look like bad as I mean， network It's really important Like everybody wants something figure out what those people。

😊，And then give it to。 right， It doesn't。 everyone thinks that value is like giving someone money or whatever your time。

 no matter who you are or what st you are is valuable。 And people respect that， right， So yeah。Well。

 I actually was just doing an interview in Los Angeles。

 mostly just about this topic with the guy named Larry Bennet。

 who I consider one of the best networkers in the world because he's somebody who has a huge Roloex。

 there's very few people that I think have like a Rolodex as big as me and it's like him and the founders of the summit series and me because we spent so much of our lives just focusing on growing that network from scratch。

 I used to spend， I don't know， maybe 10 to 20 hours a week just looking into mastermind groups networking organizations or whatever I wanted to get into So if it was like trying to get into a highend social club in Los Angeles or a business club globally for entrepreneurs or what have you I would just focus on that。

 and I focused on so much just so I could just get into these circles and then network with these people and I think a lot of it came from the aspect of not trying to focus on the business but the social aspect。

Just being in terms of RSD， even before RSD was this global company。

We didn't really have a lot to give other than the fact that we were really into picking up girls and sharing stories。

 Now a lot of it was us going up to really interesting people。

 sharing those stories being completely open is having a great time。

 And I think the personal aspect of networking really builds the business itself。 So I mean。

 we have me and Owen getting invited to things like the Oscars and Emmys the Ramammys。

 parties in London， just crazy events just from like wing with people and being a really social person And I think a lot of you guys will have that also。

 I mean you guys are here in Vegas， focusing on building your social skills and pickup。

 But what's interesting is transforming that lifetime value from just the pickup aspect into building those social realms of what you think is possible。

 and taking that to get in charge of your money your life in general。

 And I think a lot of it just has to do with the fact that people are you so used to asking for things from people that are powerful where people that have something where it's that hot chick or it's the billionaire next door。

's basically kind of like you just。😊，Genuine having that connection。 So I mean。

 a lot of my friends are just normal people， Gu that I just trust。

 and loyalty and trust is such a rare commodity。 It's not like something that everyone has。

 especially when there's people that are just doing it just to be your friend。 And yeah， I mean。

 most of my soul circle nowadays are people that have both that success in their business life and also that trust and loyalty。

 But I had to focus on building that core first， because I'd rather have a core of people that are not successful and has to have a positive attitude。

In RSD， a lot of people are asked， so how do I get hired in RSD， And I would always tell people。

 well， just have a positive attituded to because I believe you could train anyone to get that success。

 no matter who they are， any skill set whatsoever。And I've always had that idea。

 I think it's because when I was a kid， I mistook one of the explanations of the American Constitution。

 where I think that said all men are create equal。 Well。

 I took that to believe that everyone had equal intelligence， equal opportunity， equal rights。

 and basically， no matter who you were， you would have the ability to out competee。

 So I had that bewf。 most of my life， I questioned it nowadays because I meet some really。

 really dumb people nowadays， but you know， I would say like 80% of my life。

 I had that bef so down to my core that I believe that the only difference is that work ethic。

 You know I interviewed or actually he interviewed me。

 but we kind of interviewed each other at a sum seriesies which is this better version of Ted。

 It's like the millennial version of Ted。😊，And a lot more exclusive。 But they had this mountain。

 They bought it for like $50 million。 and they built Ted on it all year。

 And there I met the guy who was the main executive producer for the TV show The Secr。 And he said。

 I want to create this new program called the magicic pill to I out what's the magicic pill for success。

 because the secret。 that pause of attitude was supposed to be that。😊，And I told him。

 I believe that the only magic pill out there is you as a hustler。

 you working hard and working it as hard as you possibly can， because。In my life。

 I think all that has come the difference between me outlasting all the competitors。

 which have all gone out of business except except for us is just those little differences in terms of how much harder I work。

 But I've been so into that be system。 that I believe that time was ticking so fast that when I was playing high school football。

 And I wanted to change to a uniform。 I'd have like an undershirt and a car button down all the way down。

 I take them both off like one giant pull off。 just because I believe those like few seconds could potentially be the difference between me and making a another set。

I remember Will Smith has this funny video on YouTube。

 where it's basically a montage of him just saying how much harder he works in the competition。

 So if you guys check that out， it kind of mirrors a lot of my beliefs。😊，One more thing。

Is applicable to you guys。 Is this something I。for networking he say， how can they add value。

 I thought about it is really applicableable to you because because you hear it at summit。 I mean。

 whatever is is called immersion， immersion。 A lot of people。

 I still don't know why people do boot camps。 immersion is the fucking smartest in the world。

it here as。 Yeah， sum summit is my shit。Listen。She gives me to say。But you， women。

 like if you can like， if you're a guy who knows you， and you' gonna learn you。

 I'm sure Luc has talked about if you， if you're a guy。

 who just knows a lot of girls and you can like。You， you'll meet influential people。

 People want to be around you like almost it's almost like currency。 I know， I know， I know you hate。

 but no seriously， it's like， I would like meet girls or like be friends like girls。

 high chicks like really just to be friends with them so I can like bring them around like other guys or influential's's man。

 it's the fucking I'm sure， Luke talks about that right your friend up with a girl。

 that guy's your friend for life。 Yeah like that's the easiest way to make that statement。 Yeah， man。

 So like， And like， you know， so if you're， if you don't have nothing。You know， you got RsD， man。

 teach you got to meet some girls， you know。Yeah， I'll meet guys who are billionaires。

 and they never smile。 They're always very serious。 but you put a hot chick next to him。

 He has a smile。 it's one of the rare things you see。 I mean。

 Owen and I were on the board of a group in L called the Ens organization。

 And they rented out the Playway mansion year after year when it was kind of like the pre incapacitated version of Hugh H where he still throw his parties。

 but he's not as hardcore as he used to be。 And in order to organize this party。

 They needed a ton of hot girls。 And so I sent them 2000 girls。

 So they didn't even call them girls anymore。 They just called them the filler。

 because they had so many hot girls there。 But the difference is that。😊。

A party with just a bunch of business people。 Its not。 that's not the playboy mansion。

 People want to have that that vibe。 And the glamour and kind of sexiness and fun comes from the girls because they have that energy。

 I mean， it's also the beauty that they're interested in。 But， I mean。

 a lot of these guys were married guys。 They're interested just to having that romantic vibe。

 the glammar in the class and the image of what you see and the the stories。

 So see in movies and what have you。 And that's the romanticism。 In fact， at that party。

 my wife met my parents for the first time at the Playbo mansion。 Yeah。

 I'll cr girls just to be friends with introduce them It works man。 Are you used to。😊。

So let's shift focus into some business questions when when digital media started coming of age and Kodak is a film company。

 obviously digital cameras were created and film was starting to go out of vogue like the film industry like actual film celluloid was starting to take a hit on sales and Kodak said。

 well we're not in the film business， we don't make celluloid we're in the imaging business So they pivoted and they created S cards and scanners So the core business that Kodak does is imaging。

 What would you guys say is your core business。 What is the actual thing that you do。

 not what you do but the core underneath it that it doesn't matter the circumstances around what you do。

 what is the core business that you are focused on at the end of the day。

 you want to start Nick guys think yeah mean for our business self-actualization basically you're talking about the different product means the way people get wrap the product And for us yeah we started off with just the boot camp and the works。

We go into the field。 Now we have a digital version of that called Ho Sea at Home。

 where you could actually not even have to go into the field。 And they we were like， well。

 for longevity， we created immersion。And the original concept was actually guys living in condos because we had like。

33，2 bedroom condos。 And now you have the hotels deals on our website to hook you guys up。

 and we're in a strip club instead。So， I mean， it's not necessarily story the packaging， it's。

Basically， for us， self actualization and education for that。 that's your core business。

I was just in like the content space。 So like， I just record funny people doing funny things or smart people doing smart things。

 And I just released videos afterwards。 I think， I think the difference between my business And actually now we're in the same thing。

 Like we just you find ways to make money off of it afterwards。

 right So like our first goal when we started was how do we become the most viewed people in Heartstone。

 And then our second goal was how do we make money off of it， right， But most people were just like。

 I want to make money in Heartstone。 And they forgot goal number one of like， you know。

 becoming popular and famous and。😊，So， but yeah， I just make content Wait， wait before you go。

 I just wanna， I want to say one thing。 I'm gonna post a link on telegram for he's he has a team for Heartstone。

 which is a card game。 And if you guys click on it and on your computer And then get the level 20。

 I get like a special card back。 So Im I'm gonna send this to you guys in the telegram app。😊。

OhThe the core business。😊，I mean， making gains， man。We're trying to give like okay， okay。

 It's really， honestly， I， it's probably a lot like R Z as or is like。😊。

It's personal development the way we go about that is through the body right and I think RSD is like personal development through pickup right。

Cause if you just say， a， man， we're gonna person development。 I don't know if you'll get。The guys。

 or at least the fucking cool guys， right， Like you get weird those for most of them。

 not out lot of it。 But if you say， hey， man， we meet some girls， then， you know。

 you'll get fucking every guy， right， like a Bible with a playboy cover on it， right。

 You something saying。 I I don't know。 I don't know if that makes sense。 Sure， fucking。No。

doing the worst。 You guys are doing great。 doing great。 Good stuff。 What。

 What's the biggest challenge you have in your business right now。 What do you。

 what do you stress about every day， What is the thing that's like， I wish I could solve this。

 Not stress。 But you know， it's it's the thing you're focused on to try to solve。 It's。

 it's the problem you're working on or the challenge you're working on right now in your current business at whatever level you're at。

😊，Me， man， this is something I've been dealing with a lot。

 Well is it's not even a struggle or challenge or someone I'm working on。 but it's。

 it's just a thing that's like a little。Bugs me， man， like it'll be guys who I trust it， you know。

 and then they fucking betray you or some shit。 It's almost。

 it's almost like the countdown before I' my fucking does some crazy shit， you know， and。

 and it's a shame It has to be like that， you know， because not everybody's happy to see you succeed。

 You know， and they want to capitalize on that。And that's just， but that's just me that， you know。

 everything else I'm coaching， I'm crushing this shit。啊。I have nothing。

 My business is fucking awesome。I，ly， it is like we're， we're at the top of our space。 Like。

 we have no problems whatsoever right now。I don't know。 I don't believe you。 No， seriously。

 like gotta be bullshit。 You gotta have challenge。 It' gotta be a challenge work。 Yeah I mean。

 because I I heard you complain to me like like， just like， I don't want to on camera talk。

 but every， other other than that， I can't even think of an issue。Well。

 I think a lot of the challenges could come from。I just call down to management expectations。 know。

 actually， no no， that's that's good Okay So like my business partner would be like。

 I want us to my business partner would want us to be at like X level， And I'm like。

 well if you wants to be at level 10。 And I'm like， dude， we're doing awesome at a 7。

 And like I guess that's like mostly with any sort of argument I've been my business partner is just like I don't know how you're not happy with being number one。

 you can't be like number one way up here even more。 So I guess that's a good way。

 I don't want to bash mall is on。😊，No， no no， I don't like internationally famous this is gonna be seen you guys love each other。

 just that even with me and Tyler， I think a lot of it is clarifying the expectations and the roles of corporate governance。

 And that's still my challenge today。 creating their processes。

 procedures for effectively and efficiently managing your company in a way that you think is the correct way。

 I opposed to the way your partners think is the correct way。

 And that's where you have the biggest challenge， I think for RSD as well as a lot of companies because as you grow the system that you create。

 I mean， if you look at even just Vegas immersion， the way we create this program has changed dramatically from year to year to year。

 because all the processes and systems just get what we think is better。😊。

There's not going to be always disagreements about what should be the next step to innovate and take you to the next level。

 that's huge， a huge challenge。 It's also lost stress because when you're solid and something that's working and someone comes into it and just kind of sidewipes it and says this is way better。

 Butss， I believe that everything needs to be field tested。

 It's just that sometimes those tests explode。 And you just have to be open to that and be willing to sacrifice at all。

To knowing that， hey， well， you learn something from it。 And's the same thing in pickup。

 I mean you do a cold approach and you're trying something new。 But in terms of business。

 the challenges。And like pick， where at the end of it， you are completely intact in business。

 you could basically lose all your money and be gone。 So there's a way bigger risk。

But at the same time。There's checks and balances in play and everything that you do。

 It's an accountability check system。 Ac system is in place。 so that there's a fails safefe。

 It's kind of like an options world where you have a stop call limit and you。

 you bet that something's going to go up and if it goes down where you have an option to protect you from dropping all the way。

 you have to do that in the business world。 I mean。

 you kind of do that naturally into your social settings when you try to do a cold approach。

 And you know， if something doesn't go the way you like it。

 You know that you might back off or change your approach very quickly， because， you know。

 if you don't， you're going。Caus an issue that you don't want to deal with。

And I think that happens in business more times than not in pretty much every business。

 can I do you So you don't， because I know you're pretty stream。 You go hard。

 You're not when those guys like， yo， we're gonna put it all on the line for this。

 You're not that guy， right？ That's what Is that what you're saying。Well， you know I play poker。

 Texas hold to know them at poker。 So I have no problem putting it on the line all the time。

 and I do that。 you know， one of the things that I'll do is try to grow faster than we might want to grow necessarily。

 I mean， in terms of like the recession。 we were growing super duper fast at the time the recession was out our revenues were continually doubling and at the time。

 the recession made it into Ik magazines Fast growing companies in America。

 we were on the Inc 5000 we were like number 85 or 65 or something like that more or less California based companies because's pretty cool。

And a lot of that growth， even though it was so fast and so rapid。

 was us putting everything on the line。 so I invested about a quarter million dollars to create RC nation RC Under under $6080。

000。 you guys don't even know what RC Under is because it's basically now called YouTube and we just we created YouTube before it was YouTube just for pickup。

And had channels for it。 And we we integrate YouTube into it。 Then YouTube just took over。 You know。

 And then we had R C nation， which is like our social network， you know。

 before like Facebook became like our social network， you know， but， you know。

 all that stuff costs a ton of money。 and then you risk it。😊，And for us， when recession hit。

People stop traveling to LA。 we were doing programs every weekend in LA。

 and we had about a half a million dollars in debt and no idea how he's going to pay it off。

 losing $6000 a day net。And I ended up selling everything I own， including all the DVDs in my house。

 Id， I tried to sell it in Hollywood。 They didn't buy it。

 I'd drive an hour outside of Hollywood to Pasadena and try to sell it there just to get $6 per DVD。

And I created a free tour， just knowing that I'm a good salesman so his own。 but I'm really good。

 He's awesome。 when we tag team people and just explain how awesome our product is。 It's super easy。

 But we're really good at like explaining the features and benefits of the program。

 So I created that 270 city free tour as a free program knowing that on average。

20% of everyone and I talked to was going to buy something from us。

 And that allows was to clear that debt in six months。 But I was me putting it out all on the line。

 nowadays。😊，Its a little bit different。 You can't wait put out all in the line in the same way because we're a much larger company。

 So's a lot more to lose。 There's a lot of systems in place。

 fail saves that prevent me from putting it all on the line， even if I wanted to。

 And that's good because you have the people in check， and you have your board of directors。

 And it's kind of a totally different game when you're with a team。

 especially when you have a larger team， as opposed to a one man show where you navigate quick and fast。

😊，But it's cool because you're kind of protected by having these checks and balances in place。

 making more confident I'm going because the chance of one of fans watching this is very high。

 So I should like what Nick was kind saying about like an all or nothing。

 that arguments or anything I have with my business printer would that my business went from being saxophone to a multimillionaire like6 months So I just imagine you guys waking up and like4 or5 million six months ago you're playing saxophone So my business printers just billion an all or nothing guy he's willing to just toss all the money at something at any point time。

 And I'm like， no， no， we're doing。 We're doing good， let's do this like slowly。

 We could spend small increments。 So most of my arguments from business printer would be about that Like he has no issues spending 2 million something like this has like a5% chance of working like I don't care。

 can make more money And'm like down to I I think free say this because。😊，stream Yeah。

 no you got to get partners Yeah's no way I'm messing my friendship My business partner was fucking man and my boy Bryan and I was like。

 yo get some of this money with me he's like right but like he'd never been in business before right and thiss like not my first business I was doing shit before YouTube existed right and。

So like， I don't know。 He doesn't understand a lot of shit。 it is like you just trying to。

I don't know， that is the same kind of thing just we just。

 you come from different perspectives sometimes。Creates fri， How important is it to have a partner。

 I mean， is it is it something you guys the most important thing in business like far other than networking。

 like the people that you sorry， the people that you work with， you spend the most amount time with。

 You're gonna spend more time with your business partners than you do with your wife， right？

 So you better like your business partners。 It's like really important。

Like if you guys aren't friends outside of it， like either that or you're gonna end up in like a system where like you guys are so far apart from each other and you own like running like one side of the company。

 The guys running the other side of the company just kind of meshes well。

 But like your business partners， you hang out with them regularly every day。

 You're always on the phone with them。 right， So make sure you like does business hurt the friendship。

 Yeah yeah of course， of course。 But I mean， like most of the time like you bounce back pretty fast。

But yeah， I definitely think business I think me and my partner。

 we were better friends probably before this， you know。But， you know， whatever。 don't pay a bill。

 Yeah， I I think I think on the friendship side。 like when you're friends is somebody。 and like。

 let's say I do 90% of the work and the other person is 10% of the work。

 when your friends is somebody， they feel like they owe like a 5050 equity。 And you're like no， no。

 man I don't actually need you。 I like you。 but I could do this for myself。

 those situations pop up right Yeah But I would highly suggest being very picky in fact。

 I learned this from Nick。 like a year and a half ago。

 where I was just like I keep hiring employees and they suck。

 and he's just like interns and now I did that system like right So I like 15 interns how long。

 And it was a really good system， I just weed out the guys that sucked and now I some really good employees I did the same thing told tos my harm process。

 Its a 90 day interview。 You got work for free。Yeah， we have the same thing na need。

6 months or longer。 You know， you have， some guys who are interns away longer。

 You get a really good guy。 who is the longest intern。Okay， and how long。

 how long when when when you first join RD， April last year， Okay， so over a year。You know。

Very good intern。 I paid for his wedding。 Keep up the good work Yeah， Well， I mean， for me。

 like Tower is like my brother now， more than a partner。 I mean。

 that's a very unique situation because。😊，Yeah， we were much more similar before we were in business。

 very， very similar。 We were just focusing on pickup。 I care about business。

 Business was just so we could continue to do pickup and not have to work a 9 to 5 because if you work 9 to 5。

 It's time away from pickup。 We were addicted to the game。 the common common phrase。

 I used to say all the time was Id love the game。 And it was like a deepseed obsessive love where I basically didn't want to do anything else or think about anything else because it was annoying。

To think about anything else because we do this thing called a 30 day challenge in RSD。

And we did a three year challenge， a 1000 day challenge instead。

 And it wasn't like a 1000 day challenge。 It was 1000 days of pickup in a row。

 But the goal was to just do it。Without an end date。

 and then things just change because one of us had to start running the business ops and what have you？

But。You know， I， I see it all the time people that。

They don't have the same kind of partner relationship I own and have。

 And now I'm in a situation where a lot of my partners are RsD instructors because now each RC instructor is kind of like running its own business line。

 and it's a significant one。 In fact， many of our RSD instructors。

 business lines are larger than RsD used to be when we were first started。 I mean。

 Vegas immersion in and of itself is a good example of its own separate company run。

And it's not like I have the same history like I have with tower。 It's a very different relationship。

And it's very， very different because with Owen， I'm talking to him all the time。

Withuthor D instructors， I might not talk to them for months。 I mean。

 we used to have a monthly phone call。 We might get back into that and try to get more into that culture of hanging out with each other a lot more。

These guys are like rock stars。 They travel from sea to city like Motley Cr。 And so as a result。

 they're always on tour。 So it's very， very difficult to try to get times where we all talk at the same time。

 And oftentimes we've set up meetings they've gotten canceled just because of things like that。

 it'll be interesting to see how things change in the future because our kind of trajectory is a trajectory that is going in all sorts of directions outside of pickup and as a result。

 we're gonna have all sorts of partnerships and partners that won't even have the same culture like in RsD。

 we can understand each other because you come from this same kind of social culture。

 It'll be interesting to see what happens when we branch and other things whether it's。😊，You know。

 healthth fitness self improvement in general or， you know， you know， I mean。

 we're thinking about business。Dating relationships， health and fitness and in higher purpose。

 Those are the four mega niches that we've decide on。

 even when we were first creating real social dynamics， we always had a vision。

 We just knew that the pickup would be the means in which we express this process of identity level change and self actualization。

 the dating advice。 Itll be interesting to see how we transition because we were doing a lot of it under the table right now。

 Now， if you go to my YouTube channel， YouTube dot com for slash ni co officialic。 that's N IC K。

 K H O official。😊，You'll see a lot of me talking about all these various different things。

 as opposed to all the RC instructors who are focusing just on pickup and dating。

 So Tyler's focusing more and more on that。 It'll be interesting since see also has game partnerships with those gurus that have nothing to do with us。

 which almost mostly be financial and。But just believing that what they're doing is awesome。

 So it'll be interesting to see how that affects things。 I'm。

 I'm afraid of that kind of stuff because I've seen people who invested in my friends companies like my buddy。

 Tony Shay Cred Zappos dot com。 And his investors were such a leeach on his time and energy。😊，And。

 he hates that stuff。 He sold his previous company to Microsoft for like。

360 million solely for the not because of what the profitable was solely for the purpose that he had like the people he's working with。

 And， you know， I'm doing what I'm doing because I like it。 You know， it's， it's a passion。😊。

And so he got rid of all these investors。 He bought back all their shares for Zappos。 Then again。

 he sold it again to Amazon。 But that's only because they told him that he would have control。

 He needed have to talk to investors。 It's not like one investor and you were investing in Amazon because you just sold it for a billion dollars Amazon stock。

 when you're buying Amazon。 Amazon's like。So many people。

 you don't have to report to any one person to the power shifting is not really an issue。

So it'll be interesting to see how that works for us。My mentor is just dude named Maglan as a。Yeah。

 multi10 million a year supplement company and a bunch of other companies， too， right。

 That's just one of his。Gigs， and he told me to read this book called。Rocket fuel。

 and it explain how partnership dynamic where this usually。Like throughout our history。

 this would be like a front guy。And then the other guy who's handling more of the there was actual real business stuff like there was people don't know fucking Walt Disney had a brother who fucking ran Disney right but everyone thinks it because he was the guy in front it makes me think kind of like you and Owen made simply yeah and that's how me and my boy Brian like Brian took the roll this。

But so once we got those roles defined， then things became a lot smoother with us， you know。

So you guys have talked about， you know bringing interns into your business to start off and then you hire out of the intern pool so you get really high quality talent。

 you can vet them basically top grading them before you hire them。Once they're hired。

 once you have a staff， once you have a team， can you share some ideas on strategies like best practices for working with a team。

 How do you， how do you create company culture， How do you make sure that everybody's on the same page。

 you know， inspiring everyone， How do you make sure people aren't slacking off。

 how do you really motivate your teams， keep in fighting down， how does that happen for you。

 Just to speak to like the whole employee experience for you。I don't just do I do interns， but also。

 if I hire like， I might hire people like to do stuff， you know， So a lot of stuff comes from。

Like other people like Ty Lopez recommended a guy to write some copy for me and I like cool and then another guy to do some ad stuff。

 And so they already vetted the people for me。 So I didn't have to go to tell him that it makes it easier for me today just send me an intern he thought would be good for me So like if you have friends who can actually do the veting for you that helps to And as far as your questions concerned I have no fucking clue man I'm trying I'm learning that shit I was a solopreneur for most of my life just a guy。

 one man operation but now having teams and having to manage them is something that。

😀I'm fucking learning then it's I'm going through a learning curve， you know， but I embrace it right。

 because someone want to get good at。 So I did stuff I like hired a woman。

 So I said I would never do just to get better at working with different people because I get's something I want to get to where I want to be。

 I have to get good at it。 So I got to learn how to talk to women like they're people And I。😊，No。

 but it's something I really want to get good at is being able to。Lead different guys。

 So I do stuff like that to challenge myself。 I don't know how to do it， man。

 I'm just I'm working on。 I guess the hiring process in my company is like 80% 20% my business partner and the 20% of the people of my business partner hire have never communicated with once at all。

 they're his personal video editors。're his personal artist so and so forth。

 And he can express what he wants done his stuff much better than I could don't， not at all。

 I mean it's really expensive。 his bills are like it costs more to have a staff than 12 to 15 people and like randomly hire like three people。

 he's like， I just need this done I'm like， okay I just don't argue we have a budget for him and he spends it。

 it's fine。 But as far as like how I hire my own personal employees I have a unique system。

 So like they find in my house and live with me for a while。 And then I trained them personally。

 And then afterwards to keep the cost。😊， they fight back to wherever they were at。

So they typically stay in between like six weeks and two months。 and I test them like a lot。

 like I had like well， I mean， in the gaming world。

 it's kind of like I don't think it really apply too much to this。 But for the most part。

 I check and see if a， they're networking because in the gaming world。

 networking is huge if you don't know how network， you're out of the loop on something。

 you lose the tournament So and I'm talking about like higher up management。

 So I also see if they're still interested in the game that I hired them for like these games。

 when you play them 40 hours a week， it's really hard to keep an interest in them。

 right So if they're not passionate about the game that they're in。

 And they're not talking about like the most current celebrities in the most recent tournaments。

 I'm just talking about day to day conversation。 I won't keep them。😊，Like。

 it's like really important that they still have that passion and they're still like involved in their communities。

And like in the streamer world， which on Twitch， the huge streamer world， if they don't。

 if they're not like up to date on like the current atmosphere of everything。

 I don't need them as an employee。 I don't care how smart they are。

 I rather that have people that are like trained in field in action。

 and I keep train them to be intelligent。Right， you know the Yeah， you know。

 that's that house system how we originally were trained people， you know。

 the Project Hollywoodwood mansion， one of them instilled if you go to Los Angeles tower has。

 you know， probably the largest legal。Sized mansion that you could have in Hollywood Hills。

 and he has his video production team there。 and he trains them in tradition to instructors。

 They have to live with him， travel with him。 So he micromanage that process。 And I used to do that。

Remotely as well， even after we moved out of Project Hollywood mansion。

 just calling people micromanaging their things， trying to manage the efficiency。

 And I don't do that anymore。 And I have like C double guys that are doing that like chief operations officers。

 marketing officers， they each manage their own team。

 And I've been extremely hands off in a lot of business lines， especially like Vegas immersion。

 I think a lot of the people here， I've met。Working， working with them for how long。

 I don't even know。 but I met some of them here for the first time today。

 And the same thing will happen for people that I might have worked with for several years on the corporate level。

I not even talk to them directly anymore， that's just because things have changed so much when you grow from a company that's just you to this much larger entity。

You just have to， because there's not enough time in the day for me to manage， you know。

 hundredunds of people who to have you as opposed to just like 10 living in a house with you。

 It's a very， very different game。But a lot of that had to come from just me understanding and doing lot of these different jobs。

 not necessarily to my best my ability。 I mean， what I used to do。

 I used to think that I was really good at everything。 You know， I used to say。

 if everyone could do half as well as I could do and half them in twice amount of time。

 then they get to keep their job。And。I didn't even know if that's the case anymore。 our company。

 And theres there's a lot of things， though， that now people are even better than me at。 I mean。

 for one most obvious one is like the pick up skills。

 got guys like Julian that are hitting the field and are doing things well beyond I ever could do。

 or guys like Luke， in terms of like my social skills and social circle game。

 I have a lot of pride in what I'm doing。 And I guess seeing what Luke's doing him。 I'm just curious。

😊，As his story， this rival mind。 So it's really interesting to see that kind of thing。

 Now on an instructor level， it's very obvious because we hire guys are extremely talented in terms of the business administration。

 a lot of them are supporting the goals and needs of the instructors and a lot of those instructors will manage their own teams。

 and a lot of the influence and how well they are doing in terms of being a team player is managed by that inspirational process and also the teams working together。

 creating their own culture。 So a lot of the checks and balances comes from teams working within themselves。

 So RsD was never built as like this military hierarchy。

 It was built as interchangeable teams working together。

 And so you might have sales working in the marketingfin。 and instructors working with all of them。😊。

And as a result， you know， everyone kind of created their own roles。

I used to tell you when you want to create a title， create any title you want。

 you call yourself the president of X， Y， Z， you know， I don't care。

Now it's a little bit different now because， you know。

 there's so many people they've coined these titles so but a lot of them， you know。

 if I was going to be a typical businessman and creating the typical hierarchy。

 the tiles I give them would mean something very， very different and they're not in the right place。

But they're still doing the right job they're doing their job well。 And then law is based on metrics。

 you know， if they accomplish the goal， accomplish the task， and they get the result。

 then that's great。😊，The challenges I could always do it better。

 So the challenges I'm always facing is how I could increase and optimize it， because。

If people are doing stuff， theyre good。If it's not like total perfect excellence， you're out。

And it's really hard to determine that。 And a lot of people develop friendships， Brotherhoods I mean。

 this whole company， even the students in this room， it's like a brotherhood。And as a result。

 it's really。The difficult， of course to impossible， to fire a brother。

Especially if they're not doing their job， what you could do is you could reposition them into a job that you need as opposed to a job you don't。

 and they don't perform the leave。You know， I mean。

 I know there's times where we have to fire people。

 especially if they can't work in a certain team or just kind of。Huge issue。

 usually something about insubordination or something like that or just flaking and shirking because they don't have the passion and don't have the drive to put into work。

 But they're really trying to hustle。 You could take that hustle and you could put it into any other role of responsibility in your life。

I mean， when I first was in the business where I used to intern every single summer for a different company from age 16。

 so that hustle mentality， you know I claimed to keep that。

 I wasn't planning to ever quit my own company， it kind of just happened because I was forced into the position of being a business owner。

So I think that if you just have that hustle and you have a creative skill set。

 you have that intelligence。 You can push things forward。 That's why I'm always in education。

 joking around about me being in form education because yeah， well， no。

 I Im into this because like I come from an academic family。 my mom is a teacher。

 my dad was a professor and became。😊，You know， president of a university。But as a result， you know。

 I'm so addicted to education as well。 Like I'm now studying law at Harvard， managing this company。

 I mean， even when I was in my second MB program， which is at USC。

 I remember I going to Sydney Australia flying back for class and going back to Australia。

 Now you see me here living in Vegas and have to fly to Harvard。And then come back to Vegas。

 I could take care of my cats。Yeah， it's a tough tough I just got a follow question for you guys。

 I got a question。 the internship process。 So we its been successful， but。😊。

I I find good guys and guys I like and they willing work。

You really have to teach these motherfus as opposed to hiring someone who knows how to do it。

 So there's checks and balance。 I mean I'm not this。Tros and cons of that。 cause I， you know。

 all right， so。This is， you know， like especially my business， like， you know。

 I have to explain that each one of these is what does copywriting mean， you know。

 or like just how to write a sales letter or I don't know。 just from scratch， right， So I don't know。

 is that do you think it's， sometimes I feel like， man， maybe it'd be better to hire someone。

We' already got to shit together。 What Well， it really depends upon what your budget is， right。

 I mean， when when I first started， our budget was really low。 I mean。

 I think to pay all of our employees， we had less than a $12000 budget to my head determined that I was talking about that we had like 140000 viewers our competitor has in between 500 and 700 employees and we had four。

😊，Good44 total me Amz and two production guys。 Our cameras were on boxes。

 Our microphone is bootleggged。 Our casters desk。 Most Caers desk cost like 2 or $300000。

 I bought had a garaged sale I wouldn't print off posters and it looked cool as fuck I don't know。

 It really depends what your budget is right So our interns were really cheap we even moved to even cheaper model wheres just like you want to come work for free for a little bit and you could hang out with a maz。

 you pay interns So so our paid interns were getting paid 100 a month when we first started。

 because maz has feelings。 I have less feelings。 I thought just hanging out with a mas in general。

 especially in the space。 was a really cool perk and bonus。 and ammas really wanted to pay people。

 So our interns cost a little bit in the very beginning。

 and we paid for all their flights and the housing food。😊。

And then we moved to a model after a while where I was just like we spent like 100000 in these interns。

 And he was just like， let's do the free model And then Nick talked to about I'm like， cool， yeah。

 But no man， I actually， to be honest， I would rather pick up somebody who knows nothing about the business side and teach them everything than But I don't think that's a scalable thing。

 I think that's something that we do currently。 And when we grow to bigger， obviously。

 we would start looking for more higher quality people that would just understand things。

 I do a mix Like I saw higher like mission critical shit。 know， like all。

 I'll hire someone who can do it way better than sure you know。😊，And。Inns and do everything else。

 I can try and do。's what I'm I mean， I mean， the goal is to get an intern that's so good that he could train your other interns。

 right and we have one is names Max。 He's like one of the better managers in our space now and if you like walk up to you should hire guy I wouldn't need even think about hire the guy So that's the goal right get one intern hopefully you find a gem and then that gem is you probably have at least20 of those by now that you just almost completely trust and you're just like oh thats good come work with us absolutely so mean video production mission critical to our quality and content definitely do that yeah。

 one of the things that we are starting to do is more executive recruiting In fact I interviewed an executive recruiter I'm going post interview my YouTube channel in terms of how do you hires people and yeah。

 we used to do what I called antitopgrading which is what we described as a process instead of going through this lengthy interview process of hiring people after lengthy interview。

It's you know， you just hire everyone and he's given one little small task and if they do that one small task。

 like go get the camera and put it in the car and then unpack the camera and do it every day。

 then it might say， okay now you're going to have to turn that camera on and make sure it's aimed at particular person。

Any of them pack the camera unpack the camera and do it every day。 And then you have， okay。

 knife do that。 Would you have have two cameras。 And we just keep upgrading from there。And。

That's the best way when you're bootstrapping a company。 But now RSD。

 we actually will hire people from really big companies like one of our recent hires is Miil。

And Mihail， he used to work for。You know， Ty Lopez doing his marketing Now he is our marketing。

And we also hired。A bunch of MBAs， guys who are with enterprise skills managing。Enterprises。

 you know， they had the the knowledgedge， at least from case studies。

 at least from formal education to do that。 And these are all guys that we， you know。

 I pay six figures route the bat without any trial whatsoever。But that's a new process。

 That's where we actually applied in top rating。 That's when people are thinking about top rating。

And that's a totally different world。 but I mean， it's been a decade and a half。 So I mean。

 it takes a while to get to that point， especially for us， I mean。

 we consider ourselves a grown company that's grown fast。Some people might not ever get there。

Its good insight。 So let's shift gears and talk about YouTube。

 All three of you use YouTube in a big way in your businesses， right， I mean。

 YouTube is one of the biggest players in what you do。Online video， getting an audience together。

What how like that's you don't own， you don't own the platform of YouTube。

 So if something happens if YouTube goes out of business tomorrow。

 how big of an impact is that going have on your business。

 How do you own your audience beyond just YouTube， Do you have other。

 do you have other ways that you can。Pivot if you need to。

 if YouTube becomes a problem and and maybe even give some ideas on just general talk about YouTube and like how to build a channel。

 how to do some of that as well。 But give me some ideas on that。 I got some insight on that。 I had。

 I had a channel before this one。 And it it got， it was like。It wasn't as manyscribes。

 And it was only like 20， about 20 million views at the time。 And I don't remember how manyrs。

 but it was a good size channel。 And and that was I was running all the traffic to buy my products and all that stuff。

 And one day， I wasn't doing no black hat shit or， you know。

 especially that I't even know how to do any any crazy shit。 And I just got to email me。

 was shut down。 shut shut down。 man， they never told me I still to this day。 I don't know。

 that's like years。 was like it was like it was over like and。

And all the traffic all the sales from like my products were basically coming from YouTube channel because I I hadn't invested in like pretty I went all in on that one。

 and that shit suck man， I was fucking depressed and I had to go get a job again I had to go get jobs。

 I was working for my boys moving company and and I had a friend who owned a restaurant So I was working for a moving company fucking moving shit up and down people was 10 hours a day set five days a week and then on weekends I was managing my boys restaurant and then I like maybe I'll try again I go back and was depressing I was like depressed and I started over the same time somebody hacking my website and around I think it was like the same week man It was fucking none but bone pills you gotta remember you was like oh man you Brandon man。

 he stopped making YouTube videos， all these other fucking Viaging shit you know。

vibratorators on his website now that's what he's into so I had to get that handle and I started over with scratch。

 but I just tried to diversify the platforms and I went harder with email marketing out Oh yeah you know what funny funny thing is back in I didn't know what I was doing and I didn't know I built the email list over 100000 people and I was like it's just expensive I just it one day anybody knows about marketing was Yeah that was a fucking email Yeah but I I'm back up there again but I'm just saying I didn't know what I was doing and。

😊，But yeah， I diversified。 And I was talking to Elis about that。 He said， yeah， man， he said。

I'm bochering a quote， but he said one is the fucking。 Its the most dangerous number， right。

 So he says it's I was like， what does that happen to you， He's like， man， I got fucking YouTube。

 I got my email list。 I just email someone fucking say， hey， come here， you know。

 or some so now I have。If it it can happen， you know， I had， but I have every video saved。

I have all the footage saved。 I I never gonna delete S D cards。 I saved all the S D cards。

 and I upload all the footage and the finished videos to Dropbox。 So we have like the biggest。😊。

like everything is saved everything I've ever done since then is backed up So I got the videos and the raw footage from everything。

 both the hard copies and in the cloud。 know if it happened again all right I got these videos to re uploadload or some shit I started focusing on Facebook then Facebook grew even faster and it 1。

5 million that was crazy。 then I released some books on Amazon。

 So like I got three best selling books。 they've been number one on Amazon。

 So it's just yeah is one of the books ultimate cuts，7 secrets to burn fat fast hell。

 it got like 700 reviews man like five star average that's how my use for lead acquisition。

 we had a lot of leads from that So something was to happen。

 I just fucking change the links and that shouldn't re uploadload it。And that would help， you know。

 it just， it's just I got a different shit in place。

 so everything would have to collapse at once for me to be fucked up。You know。Yeah。

 it's a cautionary tale for all you guys。I think YouTube's kinda of weird for mecause it's probably about like 5% of our income。

 ad revenue on YouTube or yeah， like maybe less than maybe 2。5%， something like that。

 I think him like 500000 subs or something like that。 his video accounts prior around like。

50 million， maybe 100。 I dont actually know。 We don't really focus too much on YouTube。 we put about。

45 minutes a week worth of effort on YouTube。 What are you focusing on Twitch。

 But as far as YouTube is concerned， the stuff that we did really well with if somebody were to get into YouTube。

 they were ask me advice I guess I would say try to collab as much as you possibly can with other popular people so that networkingt the videos that do the best for mas whenever he's not in the normal character。

 So like whatever you normally do if you do swing of the ballpark likeaz never drinks and he did one drunk stream with another celebrity right one time onaz channel。

 I think got 7 or 800000 views But across all of YouTube。

 I think it's at like the 50 to 200 million view right now like it's like like two or 300 channels people justing in and just putting on everybody's because he's drunk the first time ever and he's like this massive like tiny little Asian celebrity guy right And he's like running into walls and shit right So I would have to say like if you want to get。

😊，1 network finding the people to do coabs with doesn't have to be in your same space， right。

 Like Markuplier and Rosino Patino， one is like a video game player。 The other ones a cook。

 They like do collabs like all the time， right， Those things are really good for your brand And obviously doing something out of the norm and letting people know that this is a video that's out of the norm。

😊，I think those are the two things that I would suggest someone who's like either up and coming to brand new to YouTube。

 I in consistency。 That is by far the most important fucking thing in any of this stuff。

 It consistency。 You got to post shit every fucking day。 All right。

 like like his his channel like before he even goes live has 8 to 12000 people sitting in his offline chat。

 He's not even live。 There's nothing going on。 They just sit in there。 Wait come on right。

 consistency， have a schedule like be， be on a normal schedule。 And on top of that sorry。

 I'm gonna keep。 One more thing。 if you were like somebody who like works 3 to 4 to 5 hours a day and your competitors are working 5 to 6 hours a day。

 Start working 5，7，8 night， beat them work harder than them Like that's definitely something that applies to YouTube banw。

Like， if you're， if your opponents are producing 15 minutes of content， make 2，15 minute videos。

 produce more， like， be more active so。Yeah。Bon， you just。Revealed Owen's biggest nightmare。

 which was what would happen if his YouTube videos just magical disappeared。 we have him backed up。

 But I mean， we need to， yeah， you lose the view count。 And you know， I like the idea， though。

 we we' talked about this。 We've actually had this conversation about what we would do。

 And I told what wed upload everything to Vimeo because we have a copy also raw。

 And and I guess just preparing for that。 just makes me think we should just upload all it to our Facebook channels and Vimeo channels now just have it ready to go because yeah。

 we have the emails and we have the customer database and the phone numbers we get to know call。

 everyone say， hey， we have a new YouTube channel or hey， we are using。😊，We have Instagram。

 Go to Instagram。 we only have one minute videos。 now we have Snapchat。

 So we're definitely diversifying。But yeah， man having 8000 people weigh for you and it's like w the line in the club。

 Imagine like a 8000 person line in the club is most exclusive club to get into a power T。

 I'd love to get more into twitchw as well。 You got just set me up yesterday on a twitch。😊。

Consistency， I was saying like。The only social media in general。

 the onlys only one real tipman post shit that people like frequently。That know you got to do。

 I mean， honestly。If you post shit that people like， I mean， collabs， collabs are dope too。

 but you still got to follow that up with post a shit that people like。我一下。

What about what about post after the posting， how much interaction。

 how much engagement are you focused on， how much back and forth when like the conversation start。

 the video or whatever asset you're posting， how much of conversation you have after that piece。

Nothing beats posting shit to people like you don't have to say shit like you you don't have to you can I do it because I like to talk to him。

 but that's the word like just me like， you know， fucking talking to the。😡，You know。

 I really do want to help these mu works。 I actually so Nick Grly introduced me to him like yesterday。

 I've been watching for a year。 and I didn't even they work right I'm like 40 his actually works。

 Like I use his diet Yeah use this diet structure。 I use all this fitness。

 when I first started working out I my right shoulder like nonstop because I wasing over my neck and just one of his videos like got over your fucking chest hasn't been hurt in a year works star hang billion was star business like works。

 works。 Thank you whatever if you post helpful or like do you're out how do you get something like How do you determine that How do you know what to post don't have that then maybe shouldn't。

Right absolutely yeah， true。Well， I mean one of the things that Tower has done so well is to create how addictive content that is he puts in his all he makes like a cinematic film。

 So if you look at us， yeah， we have like about 16 million hours of viewable time to take our subscribers by watch time it's a lot of every month you know so it's a lot of time and but at the same time his number of subscribers among his I we have 20 channels。

 Tower has two I think between the two of them， it's like a quarter million。Yet at the same time。

 his view count averages anywhere from like 50 to 150000。 You look at askmen docomm。

 They have like 3。5 million subscribers。 Their average view counts were one to 3000 views。

 It's ridiculous。 And's just cring really epic content quality now it also helped when you have know over a million in AB gear and then you have teams that follow you around。

 but even before then we were using 1000 little handcams。

 And we did that for about two or three years。 It wasn't until my wife was going to Harvard and she wanted to upgrade her gear I was like well。

 I just got her gear。 I'd be kind of sad if I didn't give Rs these some nice gears then we just went a little bit overboard。

 But yeah， definitely the regular posting schedule。 I think。Freedderators says。That posting， like on。

Was it？Thursdays at between the hours of 2 pm to 4 p。

m is the best step for 18 to 35 year old demographic。

So I definitely post my best interviews during that time and Sweden we' study love。

Bound 2 to 4 PM on Thursday。 And then on Monday， which is the second best time。 Well。

 the reason why is because the peak is on Saturday。

 you post on Thursday right before the peak on Saturday。

 it takes water process people out time then you could watch it on Saturday。

 but a lot of people watch two videos on Saturday during the daytime the afternoon before they go to the club。

 demographic that's for 18 to 35 demographic because like I mean this is like something that I studied like for us。

 it's like 9 AM because we hit  in the morning And then we hit the E people at 7 PM。

 Yeah I think that it was it was a general's right demographic is like targeted like 14 to 24 it's like 20 and under yeah。

Yeah makes sense。 Also do it before school。 Also hitting the most of views is not as important sometimes hitting the most people that willing to buy So how I did like purchase stuff like to like make money off stuff is I actually just looked at ebay and Amazon's most purchase times So on ebay was 630 PM in California time zone And whenever yeah。

 whenever we started posting like stuff and content on that or let's say we post a video on YouTube。

 we save the tweet until 6，30 PM right So if we're gonna post something on YouTube。

 our social media is specific time or does it matter is all So let's say I post a YouTube video And then normally if we post one we used to just immediately tweet it Now our social media guy knows to tweet that video at 63 because whenever people watch it。

 that's the most time zone to buy a product And we just did that based on Amazon and ebay's most sold time periods。

 and I thought that that was a really good model to start with。😊，but at the same time。

 there there's gonna be holidays。 So I mean， you'll see like either like dramatic drops during a Christmas holiday or if you have a special thing。

 But overall， most people have low drops but like July 4， for example。

 it's like it peaks around the midnight around July 4 and July 5 is like a spike sometimes。

 I think you have to look at the if you look at Freder， I think it also shows year to year。

 So you can see how the trends are changing because I know dramatically social media is changing in a huge way。

 if you look at even like in 2014 2016， the influence and power that one person has on social media。

😊，Wnt from having nothing on the mainstream media to being now where individuals had more power than mainstream media outlets。

 we could rival CNN in terms of the movement and they can， I mean， we had Jo and gate。

 And we had the world attacking us。 And we didn't really respond。 Well， we were gonna survive。

 Now we had the same situation。 We could probably defend ourselves and actually win and win the message war。

 know， I remember the LA Times we were talking a shit about RSD。

 And there's like 3000 positive comments。 fuck you。

 these guys are from La And they created their business in L're sure full of shit。

 You didn't doing any research。 And you could clarify so much more of that in terms of social media now。

 I know。My interview with Tucker Max， and I toy agree with this。

 he said he believes that the future of all jobs is just going to be relationship building。

And a law of that's going to come from technology because technology allmates everything。

So all jobs will be about building those relationships。

 connecting with people and influencing those people。 And I think that's gonna be the biggest thing。

 And also that's why we're focused so much on training people on power of influence， even in RsD。

 now it' influencing dating。 But all those transition points in terms of influence。

 will apply directly into your business life and networking life。

 And a lot of people haven't been really focused on growing and innovating in that。

 Now you still have those old school companies like Dale Carnegie。 I've been to his programs。

 But we're really trying to build and innovate off of that to take it to the next level one more YouTube YouTube is the second largest search engine。

 So most people don't know that search Google if you search So people search in YouTube words people search so learn some search engine optimization。

 I think。Yeah， that's gonna help a lot。 you know， so I'm not as concerned。 I'm changing that now。

 but initially it definitely helpsaz's old videos got more views Yeah stuff he posted a year ago got more views。

 So I don't care if a video gets I don't care as much how much a video gets its first week or two。

 I'm like a year from now， how many views of that because then not only was have more Seo more Google juice。

 So I have videos that didn't do shit the first two weeks。 like I have a hit when hit cardio video。

 didn't shit when I first posted it。 But now if you type in hit cardio。

 I don't know if it does today， but it did last month it it comes on Google like it you know。

 so it gets the juice and。And yeah， and you're sweaty and ripped in it。 Yeah you got to post shit。

 people's like， you you can do all the tricks in the world posting shit at the right time with the right Seo。

 And if your shit sucks， you just more people just don't know it sucks。 So it won't matter。😊，mmm。

What about this。おぱ。We have about 15 minutes left， so we'll need to wrap up soon， but。

You guys all make deals。 Some of them are big deals， right。

 Some it depends on who you might be a partner or whatever。 Talk about deal making。

 How do you approach deal making。 What's the mindset。

What are you looking for when you go into making a deal。

 Are there partners like sponsors you wouldn't take on， for example。

 Are there things you wouldn't do， Are there challenges that come up in deal making that you're like。

 oh， you were telling me something about making deals in L earlier about how you were you were dressed like this And they're like。

 you gotta come back when you're in to suit you can't even walk in our offices。 that kind of stuff。

 So what kind of stuff comes up in the deal making process or how do you think about deal making。

 Talk about that from it。For me， you know， it's usually。Of is usually of。If I do it。

 it's usually with a friend， like I I got my own company。

 So I don't need no sponsors or no shit like that。 I don't need don want buck that。 I mean。

 I sponsor myself。 So， but if I make a deal with someone， it's like。

 they're actually like a friend who probably owns a company， right。 So if I do someone with Rs D。

 That was cool， man。 like， it's no， it's nothing。 like own。😊。

Let me let me stay at the house once so he wasn't even there， right， like。It's。

 it's not even like that。 You know， I'll need a contract or nothing， right。

 that those are deals I make with like， maybe that's gonna to change at some point with other people。

 But right now， it's just。I think she my friends， man。

 like Elot asked me to do something with him in London。 He just send a text Elot host。

 and he just send a text message to me。 I booked the flight to London and did this thing' right。

 It's not even。 It's not。That's how I do mys。 And when the times I don't do dos with friends is the times I've been burned。

 right， even though I thought I had everything so。The only fuck with my boys right now。

 We've definitely turned down sponsorship deals that would probably blow most people's minds。 I。

 I think we've turned down millions from like gambling sites。

 just because we thought it is really bad to associate ams with those brands。

 and we work with brands like Amazon。 Amazon sponsored our biggest tournament。 Mofi Twitchlight。

 He's alight all star right now。 So he's in like alight program where he travels around and they take pictures of all that stuff。

 What else。 Yeah，s cool。 wanted to turn that down too How's both both So in the first like year。

 I cocal。 So like I literally just walked into doors of like Coca Cola。 And I was like hi。

 how's it going I'm really important when you want to talk to me。 And I mean。

 I got a lot of nose right But every single yes I got。 I made it count。Right。

So like and on top of that like most people in this space that I'm in。 they's like， yeah。

 they just sign a deal or whatever。 I do consulting work for him。

 I'm just like this is how you enter the space how we're gonna sell your products。

 And hopefully this is how you get return on it， You do the same thing。 It's really easy。

 I should have a folk call about this later。 Yeah I love you。 So it's awesome。 But no， I mean。

 like I did mostly approaching in the very beginning。

 But now it's to the point where our mazz is like so popular we walk down the streets。

 he and Nick have a competition who gets recognized more。 right So like now he gets offered stuff。

 So I don't have to cold calling anymore。 But for the first year。

 I was cold calling or showing up to offices and being like， hi， how's it going。

 This guy has X number viewable hours equal to like a top 10 Youberz has more hours on twitchw。

 then the top four YouTubetubers combined。 I think I think our tournament in viewable hours beat the entire season of walking dead。

😊，That's insane。 That's how many people were watching his content on Twitch。

 So pitching that to a companycause they don't know what nobody knew what Tw was， right。

 Like nobody knows what that is， pitching that to a company was like something that was new and nobody else was doing it。

 And I was just like， there has to be profit beyond others。 Go on， let's get them the。

 So that's how we started。I'm learning a lot about sponsorship from you。 So， I mean。

 my sponsorship has been quite relaxed。 like I've had partners like what you have here Sappre。

 and then we have a deal with them。 We consult with them。 They awesome sponsorship you know。😊。

And then we also have alcohol companies that will give free alcohol for parties that I throw。

Or sometimes that free tours we'll just give people free condoms。

 we'll get condom sponsors like Asia and around the USA。 So yeah， you know good brands， strippers。

 condoms and alcohol。 you know， know congruent brands。 So I think a lot of it has been for fun。

 but then you know we'll also get venue sponsors。Like back in the day。

 we have friends that own Fox in Australia， so Fox Sports gave us free venues or dury。

Because my dad owned R and then we also had not just you know businesses。

 but universities would give us classrooms and stuff like that。

 so that's always things that we're definitely always open to in terms of sponsorships。

Here's it like deal making。 What' make deals with anyone that's able to contribute to the corporate culture of RSD in any way。

 that's positive。 And so we're always looking for that。 You know， just， know like you're saying。

 friends， advisorors， people part your mamin group sharing resources with each other。

 those are always the best。 And that's probably the easiest way to do things。 Now。

 if you get like a good agent， like you having like， are Emanuel and his team， like hook you up。

 that's awesome。 you know。😊，So when they come to town， just introduce me。But， I mean， yeah， we're。

 we're definitely open to。Building that a lot more。 And I think that if I got on to twitchwitch。

 that'd be a lot of fun anyway， tomorrow。😊，I think I got a little chip on my shoulder like with like corporate America or like。

right， I don't know man， like almost like。So I think that's Im my hesitation of。

 But I'll talk to you about I think in the years of like， fuck， I only want。

Facebook sponsorship corporate sponsors Oh yeah， no I'll fuck with that。

 It's millions it's really good most of our sponsors promote az as much as they promote him which is like I think without sponsors wouldn I mean the money aside they promote us as much as we promote them like I mean。

 like like one of their tweets is just like 5000 hits right immediately and like and then like if you look at the impressions on that tweets like6。

5 million people viewed it or some shit's like w that was thanks but you know like so I don't know some of them are。

😊，I explained to mys all the time I'm like the money's not relevant them promoting you is pretty insane like so then on top of that holy shit。

 like these companies are so well connected it's like，It increases everything， so。确。

So we need to wrap up。 So I'm gonna to ask each of you to give us your kind of final words of advice。

 You're talking to somebody， maybe depending on where they're at in business， getting started。

 maybe they're a little bit， you know into the game of business。

 What is the best piece of advice maybe you've received or that you've come up with on your own that you could give to people watching to say here。

 if I could boil it all down for you， like in a three minute encapsulation。

 Here's what you need to know。 And I'm getting ready to like GTFO。

 But this is the thing you gotta go。Hes take some water。 Okay I said this earlier。

 but I think this applies to anything。 not even business just in life in general。

 You get way more no and you get yeses。 So make those yeses count as like much as you can。

 I think that's actually the major difference between a guy that has a really hot girlfriend and a guy that's a millionaire and guy is not like press those yeses because you know。

 opportunities come And if you don't accept them。 Like what the fuck are you doing right Like there's a lot of people like can complain like。

 oh， that guy had it so easy。 But that guy perworked his ass off to get up there。是啊。

In terms of business， I think business is all about business relationships。

 so the most important part of that business is those relationships。

 so if you don't have relationships， which is based upon on that trust and respect。

 there's no business。So for me， it's always about trying to establish that basic rapport。

 that's emotional intelligence， the emotional IQ， it's investing in people's emotional bank account so you could pull out that social capital later and that goes not just in terms of external people。

 but even to people that you're working with internally。So I mean。

 a lot of people will do that just with solely the resources they use with payroll。

 but a lot of it comes to so much more than that。 That's why you have so many people working 20。

40 hours a week for free for RSD as one of our thousands of volunteers or a couple hundred interns people an immersion or people who are potentially trying to get on payroll putting those extra hours in time because they believe the movement that you're creating that movement is when they feel like they're a part ofre part of a team a culture a brotherhood or what have you we've kind done that to the extreme in terms of like that building process and we were kind of working with Zappos who are no in a corporate culture as well and trying to like share with them how we were doing things they can ma other things and what they were doing right。

Which is a lobbying everyone on the same page。 I remember Tony had everyone on my board do an exercise。

 He said， I want you guys to each write down three words， one word each。

 Those three words are a nouns that define your business。 and nobody wrote down the exact word twice。

 Neither one of us kind any comminggling。 And it shows you have to get everyone in the same page at vision and alwayss great as a chairman of the board to kind of establish at5 to  teny year vision in the future's Steve jobs。

 And I'm really good at the executive level operations and just execute speed execution is king。

 taking everything in action。 That's why we're a field based company because real social dynamics。

 RsDs with the big R。 because it's all about real world situations。

 And that's all reference experiences from the field。 field experience is king。

 So's going going out there trying whatever you need to do to get what you need to get done。😊。

All that comes from the field more， more so than any kind of education。

 more so than any kind of reference， more so than any kind of anything。

 I think that's going to be the basis upon anything else we do in the future。

 If we're ever going to go deeper into health and fitness or these business worlds of teaching modules。

 It's always going to be based upon not being an armchair professor and sharing field experience。呃。

I like like what you' said about adding value man， but like to everybody， not just the people。

 I just notice when I meet people at the high highest goal， everybody does that， you know。You know。

 like I just knew Me on and and I， I'm coming to LA and he said， I'm not there。

 but you can stay in my house。 it wasn't the house fucking mansion， you know， like， there's always。

 I don't know， man everybody at that level does that and that's something but to everybody right。

 not just because then becomes a part of you and it's not fake It's not like you're just trying to get somebody's like no this is just how you are And I think that's。

I think doesn's gonna work well for。 especially for your customers， right。

 like obviously you want them to pay you。 But if you really like giving them something。

 like my problem is I price it too low because I want to fucking give so much the value and that's going change。

 But no before like I just give too much out too low。 know， because I just really want the mys to。

I know what it could do for him， you know and。But yeah， that attitude people will appreciate it。

 I think that would be my one。I right cool well thanks for coming guys you guys are all going out to Aia tonight。

 which is an awesome club tonight special night so you guys got to get to the club before 1030 So we got to wrap up if you guys want to say hi ask questions afterwards please feel free to come up and for everyone at home on video hope you guys enjoyed the show cheers。

😊。