# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第11周-RSD Derek（开放式关系管理）_Week 11 - RSD Derek (Open Relationship Management)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey， guys， today， we are here with Derek， who is an RC instructor that is extremely knowledgeable in terms of business。

 He has a master's of business administration from the University of Chicago。

 He's made millions of dollars in real estate and has been a great asset to our company。

 Thanks for coming， Derek。 thanks for having me， Nick， I was enjoyed talking with you and the group。

 If you guys have checked my YouTube channel， you might have seen an interview with him earlier。 Now。

 we have another interview with him because we have a bunch of questions that were asked for members of the YouTube channel。

 And I also just wanted to reintroduce him to pretty much anyone who had not seen the YouTube video。

 because he has a lot of interesting background in history。 So  first of all。

 what talk a little bit about what allowed you to learn your knowledge in terms of business。

 Was it mostly from the field experience you had in real estate or business school or who really just kind of like push and shove and trying to get to experience experimenting。

😊，You know， as。As a teenager， I had a series of jobs， you know since I was really young。

 had paper routes and I take on like other people's paper routes and go cut grass or shovel snow。

 I always wanted to do something productive and make a dollar， which just since I was a child。

 I always wanted to， I always wanted to。And。Then as I got older， just through my teenage years。

 like working in hustling and doing the things that a teenager can do to create some income。

 I started thinking to myself like the people that I see in the world that really have a lot of wealth or they have the sort of lifestyle that I'd like to be living。

嗯。They don't have jobs， man， you know， they built a job， they built a business。

 they created a job or created a lifestyle business。

 they're not working on somebody else's corporation。But。

You know some guys get that type idea on their head and then they think that they're an internet marketer right away。

 they think that they're you know oh I don't have to have a job or just make a you know doing whatever and they tend to devalue education a bit and I thought to myself that a lot of a lot of people that I see and they had the sort of lifestyle that I wanted to live that had the freedom to fly where they wanted to fly。

 eat the type of things they wanted to eat， stay in nice places， they have cool friends。

Those are all pretty intelligent people， so I really valued both。

 I valued like the entrepreneurial hustle， and I understood that I wasn't going to make any real wealth working in somebody else's organization。

But I also valued the education， and I knew that there is some value to having。

Academic credential that says you're pretty smart I know you know your wife went to Harvard。

 you went to a top top school I went to a top school that credential does mean something and the social network。

 the people that you associate with in the context of getting those degrees and whatnot you do meet a lot of smart and ambitious people there as well so I kind of looked at it from both perspectives of yeah entrepreneurial hustle that's great but you also need the education to fill in the blanks and teach you some things that you just wouldn't figure out what in your head against a wall yourself and also a credential that kind of legitimizes your learnings is sure doesn't help excuse me just sure doesn't hurt when you're looking for funding or。

You know， other credible business partners awesome。

 well let's kind of dive straight into some questions that we have from the audience。

So the first question that we have is from somebody who says integrity。

 being direct and authentic is one of your values and one I want to cultivate， what resources， books。

 exercises can you recommend to become better at it？I mean。

 I don't know you're going to read a book and that's going to enhance your integrity so much but。

I guess if I had to pick a couple， I'd say Brad Blanton's old book， Raical Honesy。

 you know he talks about the disconnect that a person feels when the bigger the gap between your public persona and your inner selftalk。

 the more you're likely to suffer from anxiety disorders。

 have manifestations of weird or neurotic behaviors。And， relating that back to someone else' like。

 you know， Gandhi talked about this， and I'm not the biggest Gandhi fan。

 but I really like this quote from him， Gandhi says that happiness is when your thoughts。

 words and actions are in alignment。And I tried to pick that apart a little bit。

 and I really couldn't。 So to me， just。To live a fulfilled life。

 I don't talk about integrity from an altruistic perspective。

 but just to live a fulfilled life to enjoy who you are。

 I think you have to be living in alignment with your own values or you have to be a person with integrity to respect yourself in the sense that you have to have boundaries that you have to have values。

 and there's just certain things that you wouldn't do outside of those constructstructs， you know。

 it's helped my life quite a lot， it helps your relationships。

 helps you feel confident in yourself that。you're confident to say no to things that would be tempting in the short term。

 but might not be the best player for you in the long term。Cool， let's go into the next question。

What are your favorite books on life philosophy and worldview， someone mentioned no excuses？

And are these books？You know， are there books you based your life on？

What books on setting goals and cr of vision can you recommend。Well。

 I think no excuse this was an excellent book。 you know。

 Brian Tracy is one of my favorite self help guys or motivational coaches and。You know。

 if you haven't seen his book， go get his book， I don't make a commission off it， I wish I did。

 I should for the number of times I recommended his goddamn book。

 I should get a commission for talking about it。But check out no excuses。

 the audio book there's like seven CDs and the first 85% of the program is just the most excellent breakdown I've ever heard about goal setting and。

Just hustle， just get off your ass and achieve accomplish， Ac。 And then the last ED。

 he tries to make it more mainstream and palatable。

 So he's you know after he spends 85% of the program saying you know crush your competition。

 kill your enemy， you' win at any cost， then he needs to temper the enemy he says。

 you know oh but the most important thing is to be a good husband and be a good father。

You could skip the last disc， but the content on the first six are amazing。

 I really respected his book。Yeah， other other books that I thought were very useful were related to like evolutionary psychology。

 I think that I see evidence every day that。We live in a world of better infrastructure and social media and internet。

 et cetera。You know， the human brain still is very connected to its roots and the way it works and there's a lot of to learn from evolutionary psychology theory in my mind and you there there's points of overlap that turned into behavioral finance or behavioral economics that。

You know， Richard Tyler and was a Cas Un some of those dudes pioneered， but you know。

 check out David Bus's book， the evolutionvol of Desire or why Women have S。

 and I think those are both very informative about you know。

Human behavior and why some people are motivated to do some of the things that they do。All right。

 awesome。Who do you admire the most， Who are your heroes in life and business， Live or dead。

 and who do you try to mall your life after。I mean， that's a tougher one。

 I don't think like I have like a hero that。I spend my days thinking about like that。

 I think I had plenty of negative role models that I see people every day that remind me when you're at a buffet。

 when you're at a buffet and you're deciding how much you should eat and you see the obese people of the table next to you。

 it's an easier decision for me to decide that I don't need dessert。

So I think I've learned as much or probably more from negative role models looking around to the world and being very certain that。

When you see a life situation that you would not be envious of and might be very put off by it's worth taking a moment to think like well。

 what are the series of events that happened first that led to this person being in their current situation and make sure you don't do that shit。

 I think that's just as important as finding positive role models and I had many great business role models。

I had good role models in other areas that I always thought that your life is short and when you want to learn something。

 you got to go by the best coaches to do that， you got to go hire the best coaches that can help you accomplish what you want to accomplish I know you're subscribed with that sort of philosophy as well。

 Nick that you want to learn golf if you got to be a pretty damn proient golfer and your first year trying。

And you had great coaches to help you that， you're dedicated。

 you're focused but you also found good coaches for that we've both done that in various areas of our life so go find a proper mentors that will help you advance whatever you want to do。

 find the people that are doing that at a very high level and get their insight。

 even a personal trainer， help you save yourself from an injury and just help you have better form and better technique to accomplish your goals if you're into fitness。

But you have to find the best mentors and also be open minded to look around at find those。

 find those negative mentors。 don't， don't seek them out。 They're abundant。

 But pay attention to that And just think that extra derivative of like。

 what did this person do that LED to this， All right， I'm never going to do that。

 I'm never going to behave like that。What rules are maximumims to you？Live your life after。

See reality like it is， et cetera， like what are your top five？I don't know about top5。

 but it' a couple things that I think about day to day is I just try to see the world as objectively as I can。

 I think， you know just try to be a good scientist。 I don't have an academic science background。

 but just try to be a good scientist， I think。It doesn't matter how I wish things were。

 it doesn't matter how I would like the world to be。

 what does matter is what seems to be the objective reality of the situation that you find yourself in。

 what seems to be the objective reality of your life。And。I mean。

 don don't focus on the things that you can't change。 you got to focus on what are the drivers that。

If you affected what few drivers you could impact or effect。

 they would give you the greatest ROI on your time and your efforts。

So yeah I'm not mad when it rains outside because there's not a damn thing I can do about it。

 but you know I would be mad if if I found myself slacking off or not living up to my expectations and myself。

 well， there's something I could do to take action to change that so。Yeah。

 I think first accept objective reality as it is， and try to perceive that as closely to reality as it is。

 even if you find it distasteful and you don't like it。嗯。I going to say， you know， again。

 find those few drivers that are going to be most impactful for you that。

What's going to add the most joy to your life， What are the two or three things that you really。

 really enjoy doing and what's going to add the most joy to your life if you were doing more and what's going to be a burdensome or a drain to your life。

 know stop doing that shit and start focusing on things that are going to be impactful in the long term and just create an overall greater happiness in your lifetime。

Why did you choose to be a real estate investor？ How did you know it's the right thing for you。

And what books can you recommend to start out or favorite book on the subject or in business investing in general？

You can get good information reading a book here or there。

 but I think you need to understand business from a more holistic perspective that like。You know。

 pre grad school， I had good marketing experience， good management experience。

 I had a lot of experience managing in my own business。嗯。So I was good at those human elements。

 I was always interested in psychology my whole life and I was really good at those human elements and I understood basic accounting and finance and whatnot。

But the reason I decided to go to U Chicago is because that school has a heavy mathy focus if you go to Chicago you're going to learn accountancy very proficiently。

 you had to learn finance very proficiently， you're going to understand economics at a deep level。

And rather than just focusing on one little niche， one little niche makes you employable。

 but if you want to be an entrepreneur， if you want to understand how an economy works。

 you're going to have to have a broader perspective of the various silos of business。

 how they're going to related to each other and building that into a more holistic life。You know。

Regarding real estate， that's， you know， that's something that I fell into that。Yeah。

 I back to the psychology stuff， I felt like I understood。

I understood business cycles pretty damn well I was good at。

iddentify and investment opportunities in real estate through like distressed investing and finding opportunities where people had a liquidity crunch or things were mispriced in a market at a particular time that I thought things were undervalued relative to what they would be in a year or three。

And that's a little niche that I fell into。But I would focus if you think you're an entrepreneur or if you want to be an entrepreneur。

 I think you have to have a pretty broad， holistic understanding of business and of psychology and I couldn't have done the things I did if I didn't have that focus。

So a lot of the people that are messaging us from the YouTube channel and also emailing you are always asking。

 how can it be mentored by you directly， how can it be mentored you by？You know。

Look I'm just some guy， I've run a small consulting company I help people with small business turnaround and I help them with some management problems occasionally and depending on the context in a business context。

 yes I do that， but you know most of my incomes comes from distressed investing and help people with bridge loans and dip financing financing and etc ceter。

And that's a small business， you don't need 10 people to help you with that。

 it'd be more of a burden for me to be training up some even if I had a free assistant。

 it's not worth my time to really do that in that channel。

 the things that I do do that if someone was interested in mentorship as my work with your company where many clients that come on my boot camp programs and when I work on your company。

A lot of them don want to talk about business as much as they want to talk about dating or lifestyle and I have several young guys that have Fa boot camp with me because。

You know that's the vehicle that's readily available that for a couple thousand dollars we'd spend three days together。

 you get to know each other intimately and the entire structure of the program is about you know goal setting and an accomplishment and going out in real worldord situations and implementing that so I'd say that'd be the easiest channel that someone could you know could reach out schedule time with me for sure。

You know， think about this week your companys hosting its the biggest event of the year and you got hundreds of people here that travel from all over the world to come to your convention to talk about you know their goal setting building a better life。

 you know， I think the biggest app is really building a better life in general and building their life in such a way that attractive women would like to be a part of it。

If you guys are interested in the boot camp that Derek is talking about， it's $2000。

 and he also has amazing success stories to guys who often know 101s or $6000。

 But the convention he's talking about is to RC World Summit， RC Winter Summit。

 So if you want to be personally mentored or actually ask questions to Derek。

 that's where I would to do it， because Derek sells out， almost a year in advance。

 all of his boot camps for the entire year by people who attend RC Worldsummit and RC Wintersumm。

 So if you're interested in attending these events， that's the place to do that。 Now。

 if there's some last minute sponsor if want to get in the waitlist for a program。

 contact support at Reals Sho damage do com or call office at plus 1，3，1，0，6，5，2，01，3，7。😊，All right。

 well， Derek， those are some of the questions that we got from the people that have emailed you and have talked to you from the YouTube channel video。

 You guys should check it out YouTube。 cofor snicoofficial。

 I'd like to ask you just a few questions before you bounce and you have to go take care of some gym stuff and business meetings and what have you。

So。Rose wondering was。You have a massive network in Chicago that you've been cultivating。

And a lot of these people are people that have gone through an MBA program or people are just business owners in general。

Now， these are people that have given you advice， but they're not necessarily in real estate。

How are you trying to determine who are people that would be good mentors for you personally？

Whenever I have a new goal when I think I might see an opportunity for something。

 whether that's an investment that I'm not well versed in， but I think might be valuable。

 I just go find people that are good at that and I always ask the question like what could I do to them what could I do for them rather that would add so much value to their life that it just be the path of least resistance would be for them to reciprocate and help me with whatever little trifles。

 a couple little questions I have I don't really want anything from anybody the most valuable thing that I could get from a more financially well off or more successful person in business？

It's just for them to shortcut my learning curve that instead of me struggling for a year or to try to learn something new。

 I'd rather go talk to somebody that's already an expert at that pay for their time or find a way to incentivize them that they'll get something valuable out of it and it just saves you months and months in your life when you find those type of people you know。

I go to a lot of social events like you do that you just put yourself in a situation where there are other entrepreneurs or other business people that have people you'd like to emulate to people whose life you admire or generally would like to have more of those attributes in your life when you surround yourself by people like that it's pretty easy that neither of us are needy guys。

 they get the sense that if you or I are talking to somebody， they know we don't need a dollar。

 they know we're not trying to sell them something。

 probably we have something fun going on that we can invite them to and it's just easy to have a conversation and learn some of those invaluable tidbits along the way。

With your your recent project here with Founderers Club like you've just interviewed countless people that you have access to so many smart business people because you are one yourself and also because your taking on the time to network and add value to those people's lives and would you say there is there another reason that they've made themselves so available to you or in my mind。

 those are the primary drivers。 Yeah， and in my life。

 I think a lot of it has to do with personal relationships and that fact that a lot of these people hanging out with me are not actually hanging out of me because of business。

 a lot of them have a lot more money than me， I think a lot of it just is personally it's a good time there's loyalty。

 there's trust there's respect there's fun。 there's also like learning that we get do from both sides know if you come under perspective。

 I think that your mindset is one of true success things are not going to get in your way and you are kind of a connector offering great value that people。

 I think that's just。Hands itself， it kind of like leads to a situation where mentors want to hang out with you。

That leads to another question I had， you've had a lot of difficulties and challenges in life。

 a lot of extreme things that happened and a lot of people would just give up。

What is the belief system that you have？Well man I don't feel like I have any choice when I go out when I walk down the street and I see a homeless person。

 I don't feel very identified with that person， it's not the sort of life that I'd like to emulate so I tried to think to myself a couple steps ahead of that of you know what were the series of behaviors that led to this and I have to think to clarify I'm sure some of those people have like a legitimate mental illness and to some extent it may not be their fault that they're there I also think there's a large segment of that population that it's entirely of their fault that they're there they substituted towards leisure。

 they were very shortsighted they didn't well you and I were focused on trying to get the bit grades we could and be financially responsible be responsible with our education or health etc some of those people were smoking weed and play in video games and led to more lethargy and a series of poor decisions。

And I can't allow myself to do that。 So I don't ever want to feel like I'm satisfying for a more leisurely life。

 You know， we're still in our 30s and what the hell should a guy be doing in his 20s or 30s except go build something。

 go hospital， go do something。And thats I think that's the main thing as simplistic as that sounds。

 I think that's the main thing in my mind。 I ask myself questions like are you behaving like a cha or a ch right now。

 are you engaging in behaviors theyre going to lead to you know a powerful outcome be fitting a champion。

 be fitting a successful person or just engage in in behavior that just any ch could just anybody can go smoke weed。

 just anybody can go to Vegas and get drunk and act a fool I don't want to go I don't want to be drunk。

 I don't want to be I'll go have a drink or two it might have broude。

But I don't want anything to do with drugs。 I don't want to be around drugs。

 I don't smoke cigarettes。 I don't want to do things that are self sabotash to myself， you know。

 physically or psychologically， or they're going to provide me less opportunities in the future。

 So I only want to engage in behaviors that are going to provide， you know， a greater。

A greater amount of opportunities and a greater amount of high value opportunities in the future。

 and to me one of the best ways that you can invest in that sort of life for yourself is investing in your social networks。

 screening out the mu， finding people that are like mindded who are ambitious who've already done something they're ambitious to do more and when you surround yourself with people like that you just don't have time to。

To engage in second， third rate behaviors is like you're going to be pretty sober you're going to have you're going to go do something productive because you're around a bunch of other people that are also doing something productive。

 You just kind of get sucked into that ecosystem and。

I think you' agree it adds a lot of value to your life when you're around those type of people and you behave in those that way yourself。

Absolutely， I think a lot of the way I act in my life is modeled around just the fact that most of my friends that are successful。

They basically act and behave the way I want to behave I think that you said in a previous interview that you believe firmly in the fact that you think that people should be hanging out with successful people because you are the five people that you hang out with the most and that is something that's influenced you inspired you in terms of business success。

 life success， mindsets and has kind of developed your personal life and your business life in general。

Yeah， absolutely。I'm a pretty。I try to be as an objective of as a person as I can。

 and I don't believe in too much fluff or woo woo but I just think that the way a human's brain is structured you're going to absorb behavioral attributes from the people that you associate with most and I'm very much bought into that idea that you will essentially behave like the five or so people you spend the most time with so I have to make sure that。

The people I'm spending time with they have to be intelligent。

 they have to have some empathy for what is my life like， what could they do to help me。

 why because that's what I spend my time thinking about for them it' like know what I do to make their life better。

 what I do to help them with something and we talked about this previously。

 but something hopefully at a low economic cost to me but would provide them a larger economic benefit。

And I don't even need direct reciprocation。 I'd just like to have somebody that's。

And just hanging out with people that are smart and productive and getting shit done It just inspires you to be that way too。

 And then you'd like to know that if you had， if you had a real question or if you had a real struggle that came up。

 that you'd like to to have a good social network that you could go sit down with somebody who's been there or done that and get some guidance from somebody that it might make your life experience a lot easier or a lot more enjoyable。

 Asome。 Well， thanks a lot， Derek， That was a great interview。😊，Yeah， thanks for having me again。

 Nick， if you're interested in coaching， as Nick said， you know。

 I could be reached at Derek D ER EK at realsocaldynamics。com。

Or you could reach the company at support at Realsodynamics dot com or by calling our office at plus 1。

3，1，0，6，5，2，0，1，3，7。Best wishes， cheers。