# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：04.讲师如何领导他们的产品和计划_04. How Instructors Lead Their Products and Programs【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

RSD instructors have the unique freedom to lead their own product， lead their own programs。

 and do so。To create the best content in any way they seem fit so much so that when I come to the RSD World Summit and RSD Winter Summit。

 I honestly have no idea what they're going to say when they publish a video。

 an article even though I'm the CEO of the company。

 I have no idea what they said until it's published until I watched the video。

 and I'm toy fine with that， because we've chosen guys that we trust completely。😊。

Our guys are going out every night of the week hitting the field。

 These are guys that are always developing new content and it's only from the field can you truly develop content that reallyy works。

Whether it's in business， whether it's in entrepreneurship， whether it's in marketing。

 whether it's in developing， networking skills。 I truly only follow those people。

 I seek the truth from those who also seek the truth。

 Those who are going out there and trying and practicing their trade。

 Those are the only people you should learn from。The deep philosophy that I have。

 and that's why when I look for people to learn from people who are mentors。

 these are the kind of people that I look for at the same time I do appreciate a lot of the theory of academia。

 I'm always into it especially because both my parents were in academia they're both educators。

However， within RSD， because we have that strong field focus， that strong growth。

 our content development grows way faster， accelerates way faster than our sales and our marketing。

 which is the exact opposite of almost every company out there。

It's the exact opposite in terms of almost any company out there for any kind of product development。

Our instructors are doing more R&D， more finishing of a product。Then we could even deliver on time。

 We have so much content。 We have to deliver so much of it for free。 And as a result。

 it kind of does what。A lot of gurus will say。Pushing that free line so that people will see how awesome our content is and want to buy our paid products。

 because the free content is just so extremely high。 In fact。

 our free content is probably better than almost all of our competitors is best and the best of their paid content and our paid content is even better。

😊，This is how we're out competing the industry on the curve of innovation。

But we're also doing it on a business administrative level by having our business team continually upgraded with smarter guys with better AV equipment。

 I mean， in terms of just AV equipment alone We're spending hundreds of thousands dollars a year upgrading our gear。

 getting the right teams in play and then taking the time to manage the process of editing high quality footage in Hollywood in a mansion full of video producers。

 video editors， directors and diccticians with all the right gear。

 people that have been trained in future films and doing that the highest level of entertainment。

 We might even in the future， create our own movie documentary or TV series。

 It's so cool to have such interesting stories on film。😊，Thousands of hours years recorded on video。

 literally from all over the world， great stories。 And this is why our programs are so innovative。

 A lot of it comes from the influence of Tyler。 Tyler has a。😊，Always continually even uprings。

 surprises me every single year I talk to him about how he continually gets to that next level with his intelligence。

 with his vision， with his mission。And sting on top of the product and the business side of things。

 It's great having a business partner like that。 We kind of compliment each cheddar's strength and weaknesses because when I first got into this。

 we were both kind of the same creative types where。😊，We are now。

 it's more like he's more of the creative guy hitting in the field and creating the curriculum and development and I'm kind of into the business。

 but the more I teach， the more I also get involved with that creator side。

 the more he gets involved in business， the more he gets involved with that vision and leadership and we're both smart people both have very strong academic backgrounds and field experience for working in businesses and companies for a very long time。

And I think that another thing that's allowed our instructors to kind of lead their products is the massive interaction。

 massive time that they spend with clients for content。

 I know for a fact that a lot of their program，That I have delivered it with you guys is from the feedback that Tower sought when he was asking people。

 what would you like to see from Papa， What would you like to learn from the founder of RSD and the CEO of the company。

 And most of the stuff that I'm talking about today has come from the questions and feedback that he got from RC nation from his Facebook posts。

 And from asking questions directly with clients。 And I think that's awesome。 I met a lot of clients。

 myself， I've held a lot of party just to interact with them。

 I've travel around a world holding free seminars all over the world。 just to get know our clients。

 And even after my seminars， I invite him out for dinner or lunch。

 So I could hang out them more and find out what they truly are interested in。😊。

I think that the sharing of ideas。As an instructor mastermind。

 we organize an instructor at conference today for people to share ideas and we try to do that on a very frequent basis。

And we kind of have done it sporadically more recently because everyone's launching so many pros and schedules are so difficult。

 but at least we try to get people together more often。

 at least to have it so that even so that we had every six months。

 we'd organize executive retreat where all the instructors were invited to go to a random place like a villa in the south of France to get a big house an Aspen for the X gamess or to go on a tour around the Greek Islands or the Italian coast。

And these things just to socialize， hang out each cheddar and hit the field with each othereddar really helped us develop a mastermind。

 share stories and build aport。 We might we probably are going to implement this once again because it's been about five years since we've done this。

 but Tower still does somewhat of this every year by going on a hike and the Napali Coast in Hawaii。

 It's one of the three most dangerous hikes in the USA。 and people die every year doing these hikes。

 but allows you to develop rapport。 and this is R D of an instructor mastermind。

 I think it's healthy for any mastermind to do these kind of things though。

Each instructor we have has developed his own style。

 I think it's really cool to see that you have guys who are really into the physical game of things you have T who kind of what attracts every possible customer。

 you have other guys who are really into intellectual side and other guys who are more interested in sharing like a cinematic style of teaching and coaching and doing that in really high quality videos。

 but whatever their style is they attract a certain amount of our fans and I think it's really cool to do that and as a team。

As opposed to just me and Tower teaching， we're able to hit a lot of people and influence a lot more people and that will allow us to have a bigger and better global influence。

 I think that if we were just me and Tower we might have similar of that。

 but by having a large and powerful mamind team。All of them extremely talented。

 allows us to do so much more。We have had the best video teams as well， so I mean。

 if you have a look at what we are doing at our summit。

You'll seen us go from a situation where you had these small camcorders that you could buy for like 2300。

 And now you'll see us carrying cameras that will cost us 2，3，5。

10000 or more with all the gear combined and having each team have maybe three to a half a dozen or more of these cameras and people fallingaw around every night。

 three man crews， we used to have the football crew where the football was considered the camera hidden a bad go for covert missions for infield videos And when people saw a bouncer or。

😊，A potential threat to someone trying to spot the camera， grab the camera。

 you would pass the football to a runner and their runner would run away with the camera。

And sometimes you get caught with the camera and then't have to go to the business owner or I've even gone to court。

 got the camera back， there's nothing we're doing that's illegal。

 but people are wondering why you're recording them and we've run everything by or illegal and to do so。

We've shared only the best， the best videos we have。 and create these videos。

 It takes a massive amount of time。 We're recording in 4K。 We're downgrading at 1 P。

 We have the highest quality of new kinds of things。 We're even shooting more recent videos in 360。

 It's always the cutting edge。 And I think it's really cool to see how far it're coming with this video production。

 It's the cinematics。😊，RSD has always been about two things， one is education， two is entertainment。

E purpose is what we hope people will always follow， but unless you engage people's imagination。

They won't really say fascinating and long enough to follow what we're talking about。

 we want people to learn to stay engaged。 we have to educate and entertain。

 That's why there's so much humor and craziness and lot of our teachings and trainings。

Our corporate administration continually shares ideas always。Future being talked about。

 we have a lot of guest speakers that come and train our instructors before to summit。

 usually summit actually has more of a time to actually train our instructors and we're about to organize Sha andtel days。

 even with T， me and other C level executives that are chiefs and to share the inside scoop of what's going on in corporate as a Sha andtel and also a chance for instructors to share andtel all the recent innovations that we're working on teaching。

😊，We used do that on our instruction call every month。And also in terms of video production。

And it's really cool to see the development of how far we come。

 I really look forward to seeing how far we're going to come even further in the future。😊。

RSD was created in 2002 and it's been well over a decade since we've developed this and the technology。

 the innovation and everything is growing at such a rapid speed。

 I really look forward to seeing what's going to happen in another decade from now。

