# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：4创建社交圈和党的文化_04. Creating a Social Circle and Party-Culture【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

It's very easy to create a social circle， especially if you could create a party culture。

I always tell people， I mean， I remind people again again that I used to always say yes to things because I wanted to experience a lot of other things at the same time。

There's a point where you're going to run out of time and your management of your time is gonna to be more。

 more scarce as you get older and you build your social circle that eventually you can't always say yes。

 you got to say no， so you got to prioritize eventually and limit as you grow your social circle。

 who is those people that are your true friends， those people you want to spend your time to。

 because you get a lot of people， whether it's your business colleagues， or associates， your friends。

 your family inviting you to simultaneous things all the time。

And I think that it would be a cool social experiment for everyone to spend like a week just saying yes to everything and see what happens to your life。

 And you could probably get through it。 At the same time， eventually。

 you're gonna want to not do that。 But try that。 Try that as a mission。 You know。

 it could be like a little mission impossible exercise that you guys do to see what happens。😊。

The key to this is that there's always going to be things that you don't necessarily want to do。

 whether it's like some Boittzva that you don't want to go to or a Con Sierra or like a philanthropy event or a volunteering for Nahoish sheltering community service。

 but have no judgment。Just try it out thing。When you're interacting with people and there's all sorts of unusual personality conflicts and what have you。

 there's going to be backgrounds should be like different religious beliefs。

 and there's always been be people who close themselves off to opportunities that could be right in front of them。

But by having no judgment about other Pearson's character， you're able to explore your life。

 you explore more open opportunities for business just by not having that。

 just make sure people know you're not willing to judge people and you'll be surprised how deep people open up to you。

 I know in my life， I'll meet girls and guys。 and suddenly just blatantly just go deep into their sex life and talk about the craziest fantasies and craziest things just because they know I'm not judging them。

😊，I think it's also because I am the president and founder of real social dynamics。

 but at the same time。I've always conveyed that， even to people who I haven't even really gotten to know or and even before they even knew who real social dynamics is。

 because right now， a lot of people know who we are。

 I've always been to open friends of any kind of person and any kind of social setting。

 whether theyre like the cool guys， the jocks， the nerds or whatever from school。

 or whether the guys who are really successful for and not to because you never know what you're gonna learn from other people。

 I'm always open to that。 It could be a big challenge for people。

 especially when you're used to judging people and how they look。

 whether used to judging people about how they dress or what's assessed they may or may not have。

 You'll be surprised。 I have a lot of interesting people that I've met that maybe even I met one guy who is just an Uber guy。

 and he used to have a huge company doing millions of dollars and now he's just doing Uber because you wanted to chill for a bit。

 I thought it was so funny。 I even considered doing it myself， but I never did it。

 I probably won't just because they don't have the time。

 but you never know I'm open to all sorts of things and all sorts of friends。

 but it just having that attitude and itll convey。😊。

in who you're interacting with because what you feel deep down inside will be expressed。

 what you feel inside will be conveyed， your inner game， your inner actualization will be expressed。

 I mean game is really just a conveyance of who you are using the rhythms of how you feel in an interaction conveying that outwards。

That's why it's so important to have fun because when you're having fun。

 other people are gonna to have fun around you as well。 And when you are able to have a lot of fun。

 you're able to lead the interaction， guide it， be in top of your wit。

 I think that there's been evidence because the same chemicals that involve fear are the same chemicals you feel in excitement when you're if you look at。

😊，People who are having fun， usually there's that strong excitement。

 So a lot of people will be scared and it might be timid and they might not be having fun。

 But if you look at after from that standpoint， I mean， that's why people go on roller coasters。

 They want that fear。 They want that excitement。 And eventually， you can loosen up and have fun。

 The same goes when you're out interacting with people in unusual settings。

 view that that standpoint and you'll be more likely to social experiment and get things deeper。😊。

Look at those nights that may start slow if you're going out to pick up girls。And you're like， okay。

 this is a slow night and push things further， and it might turn into a phenomenal one。

That's why we talked about burning the boat and pushing thing forward Sometimes I would have as an exercise for our clients that if you are not successfully picking up girls。

 go out to the field， hit upset and don't give up until you're the last man standing in that club and even go further。

 go outside the club and keep pushing forward。I've had situations where I didn't even go out at an all and had an awesome time。

 just met some girls even after they're leaving the bar outside the bar。

 And I wasn't even inside the bar。 You'll never know a night may start slow。

 But But any point of the night， you can meet a girl， you could have an awesome adventure。

 You could have an awesome time。 And the same goes when you're in business settings。

 But you gotta take action and never let those snow nights get you down。 those things。 people say。

 oh， I need to get in state。 Don't worry about that。

 Just chill and just know you could turn yourself on all the time。

 So even Covey who wrote a great book on seven habits of how you affected people。

 You just say you are in control of your own emotions。 know that。 And then use that。😊。

So that you can push forward through any kind of interaction， any kind of situation。

Invest your time in others and they will do the same for you。

When you're you're out there and you're trying to create a situation where you're having a really deep emotional connection with people or just superficial connections。

 it doesn't really matter as long as you're just investing your time in people because people will inspire ideas in you。

 even if there' are people that you never expect to hang out with。

 even if there're people that you probably will never expect to hang out with because you're on tour on the road。

I would literally go out myself sometimes at night。

 I would go to random cities in Europe and I would just go out myself at night and just try to explore and meet random people and have fun adventures。

 I wouldn't try to get their name， I wouldn't try to get their number。

 I would just try to like have fun and try to learn something interesting or get a new new adventure and that was a really cool thing Now I prefer to actually see in touch with people。

😊，I prefer to surround myself with talent， no people on a deeper level and cut out those people who are downers。

 The thing is when you're out in life， you're always going to have people that have that positivity around them in fact that's the only thing we look for when we're hiring people for real social dynamics is that to have a positive attitude because skills you could train anyone to have any kind of skill set but those people that are downers。

 I will have no willingness to interact with them anyway。

 people that are just highly negative and how know intrusive emotional leeches。

 I will not work with them， I'd rather not have a social circle than have a social circle full of leees。

 I would not have even a company if I had a company that had downers if I had to work with them even if it was making me millions of dollars or what have you because I feel like it's that much more important for you to have that happiness in your life。

I think when you show and you tell how much you value other people and why your friends means so much more to you。

 you will attract a lot more loyalty。 So many people forget to appreciate those people。😊。

Even those people that they just met。And I mean， a lot of people will be like， oh。

 you need to need to tease the girl or what have you。

 But in the dating life where we actually want to connect with people。

 there's a lot of value just giving compliments to the people and giving a genuine compliments like unique things you like about them like the commonalities that you might have in terms of playing the same video games and how unique you think that is or fact that someone's to travel around the world by themselves and how adventureurous you how you appreciate that adventurous spirit and these little kind of things like that as opposed to saying hey。

 you're hot you're cool。 those genuine compliment shows that you took thought。

 That's what the definition is for me of what a genuine compliment genuine compliment is but be a connector。

😊，Be a guy that obviously is moving around from place to place， Me people。

 connecting people with each other， and they will value that。

 If you could convey that you're that kind of person。

 they'll realize that you have resources and that' resourceful And people will see that。

 people love being around people that are resourceful because they know that they could always come to you for something。

 whether it's advice about a particular topic。 They know you're gonna look into it with the power of Google in the Internet and all sorts of things out there。

 you could find out and know anything。 your brain is basically the size of Einstein's brain。

 You're like the smartest person in the world because everyone has a cell phone that can potentially in the Internet or if they don't。

 they'll have a computer or they could get access to something that can share knowledge So always look for that knowledge。

 be a connector， share knowledge， share ideas and do it because you can get access to all sorts of interesting things。

 People always like。😊，Talk to me about how I'm able to get access to elite level stuff。

 connect people on a very elite level。I like sharing what I consider those red carpet ish access to all。

 but I've started doing that， even when I didn't have any access to all these cool glamorous events like theam Grammys。

 Emmys Oscars， things like that， I would just have access to the regular promotional materials that people would promote。

 I used to practice being a club promoter passing out flys。

 I was doing that ever since I was 12 years old and going into bars and clubs passing out flys at different music stores。

 like tower records in California。 and I would go get dropped off my data and nightclub and hang out backstage with rock stars。

😊，But I was doing this because I was just passing out flyers and I would tell people， hey。

 this is the coolest event in town， I would upsell it as like this like the most glamorous event。

 as if it was a red carpet event because you overhyped things。😊。

I know that when you guys are dating or going out with girls orre picking up girls， even oversing。

 the thing you're gonna do after going to the club is like oversing。

 going out to get a drink afterwards， going to a late night diner。

 as if it's the coolest food on the planet， These little things of finesse and excitement。😊。

Make things more fun， you're building a brand to your adventure and experience it around you。

 and when you frame things in that interesting way， people will actually follow your frame。

