# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：1构建高端专业网络_01. Building a High End Professional-Network_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A lot of people know me for building a very high end professional network and also a very high end social network。

Not in terms of like social network， like social media， but just a social circle。

I think a lot of it has come from a very early， early age because from a very beginning。

 even from my college days， I was always looking into networking with social and professional clubs and people。

 I would look for those organizations that would get me involved with people that want to meet people who had common interests。

And I would do that on a social level while I was in college。

 but also while in the summertime I'd look for professional organizations to join。

 I would look for internships， I would look for businesses that were doing interesting things or even events that these organizations and clubs were having everything from political organizations and campaigns and learning about that or going to organizations that were hosting video game tournaments or clubs that were involved with business and finance and I would go to meetings with even in college like financial professionals。

 financial advisors I was really interested at the time and becoming an investment banker so I would go to meetings with people that are investment banking at the same time I was also switched in law so I'd be going even to the American Park Association So I was always really interested in very young。

To get into these kind of organizations， I was always like the youngest person。

 these professional ones， but on a social level I would do that from everything from ballroom。

 dance to tennis to club up just to meet other guys that were going to be friends or girls I was interested in meeting as well。

And I think having that diverse。Kind of breadth of extra crrickers that you're involved in really helps a lot because by doing that you're able to meet all sorts of interesting people。

 have more things to talk about， have more things to share so that when you meet people that are in these high professionalf networks。

 you have potential common interests some people will just be interested in surfing so they'll be able to develop some experience rapport surfers and maybe if they're just generally curious generally interested people you'll be interested because you're so interested in other people that you'll have these conversational topics and threads you could talk about with these people but if not just by experiencing at least for a little bit。

 these various activities， these various interests and that's also why I went and started traveling so much because get experiences and ventures I could talk about in a new way learn new things relate to more people and develop that repertoire so I could build my social girls meet more girls and develop more business relationships because a lot of it is based upon especially post college social clubs that are high in based upon a lot of common interests when。

Meet people from these clubs。And there's a lot of them， in fact。

 if you Google like highend professional and social clubs in your city。

 you'll see all sorts of weird clubs and buildings in downtown city life for business professionals and people who have utter white collar jobs。

 but also for any kind of organization and I think a lot of your social skills or social experiences will actually contribute to people wanting to do business with you。

 developing your lifestyle with you， becoming your friend and also introducing you to other people and growing that network because when you go to a lot of these events。

 a lot of its kind of freestyles， not like you're forcedcing to introductions like a matchmaking service。

 a lot of it has to do with using those cold approach skills， used for pickup。

 walking up to people and just starting a conversation。

 chatting and a lot of your skills in terms of building the commonalities。

 developing rapport and hook them into the conversation。

 a lot of that can be developed from all these unique experiences。Especially into professional clubs。

 I have a lot of friends who meet a lot of their clients and business because they have business to business。

 B2 B kind of businesses， just from going to these professional clubs and meeting people because a lot of the other people are actually involved with these clubs to kind of sell their own services。

 meet vendors， meet people that can help them out， it's kind of like an exhibit or a convention。

And if you go to like social conventions， it's the same thing， for example， right now。

 I live in Las Vegas。Every year there's an event called CS again tumor Electron shows so people go out there and network for business。

At the same time， other people will come down for video games and sharing that passion。

 some of them will dress up in cosplay or costume play outfits and dress up like the video game characters and they'll hang out with each other and have that common interest there sometimes people will just go not because they're even interested in the topic like I know people who will go to the Star Trek convention not because they're interested in the Star Trek because it's a very unique experience and you'll meet interesting people who just like and have that kind of attitude that hey let's get involved with new things。

I wanted to point out that I'm talking about this because the cold approaching that you're doing at the bars and clubs is so useful for you to do in your network。

Because when you're doing this code approaching and you're meeting new people。

It's kind of like the gateway to build your soul circle because what you're gonna to do is you're gonna to meet these people out。

 see their content information and share invites for them to hang out just like how you're organizing a day two and a lot of people don't even think about like that they' go to a social setting and just hang out at like barbecue or a family guy just with their friends when they could be going out there networking doing core approach even it so for the purpose of socializing a lot of people think oh you're pickup barss're doing it mostly to pick up girls and sleep with them or date them and get some romance and courtship going but a lot of people will do the even for business in fact we even train people who have real estate companies where you walked up and train people at a business convention for real estate。

 CEOs of multinational companies for real estate and get them to walk up and try to close business deals。

Kind of like a boot camp undercover， we'd be doing that for other organizations that were trying to market our service in bars and clubs。

The thing is。It's surprising when you do this how fast your network can grow and the thing is most people know other people。

 so it' will grow way faster than you think exponentially。

 the average person knows about 200 people and each of those people no 200 people。

 so the average person probably has one or two degrees of separation from 40，000 people。

And I'm sure there's people in that network that you want to know， people that you could meet。

And there's so much value just getting to know almost anyone because almost anyone who's making friends and socializing。

 even their network is small will know people that you would want to meet you'll be surprised because so many people develop their friendships just based on that。

 just friendship， not doing it on business or for any kind of certain reason。

 just doing it because they're friends。And a lot of people。

Well actually come to RSD for the same purpose In fact some people will buy our boot camps with me and On so because they want to become our friends and hang out with us。

 I had a Middle Eastern prince， he paid for a boot camp with me and other instructors so we would go crash at his house and party and we were mostly be partying I mean we kind of taught him some stuff but we were partying with him and his celebrity friends like theCaio and Craig Daniel Craig and Beyonce at nightclubs and it was a lot of fun。

But at the same time， a lot of the RSD benefits are so great that you learn so much that the people who are working for as volunteering for us will even pay for the program themselves。

 even if they could get it as an observer for free because they actually wanted to get that firsthand teaching experience of an instructor hoarding their hand walking and showing that world class experience those world class skills。

I even offered my time to help out other companies， being an advisor， being a board advisors。

 being a board of directors， I've been doing this though ever since I was a little kid。

 even when I was like 15 years old， I contacted Hewlt Packard I volunteered to advertise H computers to learn more about your computers and just when the first the internet was coming out and I was showing what the internet was to people who are walking to mall just get involved with that。

 I volunteered at Intel to learn about computer programming and I volunteered at places in New York。

 I can around Wall Street to learn about institutional investments in finance。

 I contacted NASA and I said I wanted to learn about the aerospace program and I thought it'd be really cool to study all these fun things I got involved with the Air Force and officers organizations but I would volunteer my time because you learn you meet people in these industries and a lot of people will say especially in Hollywood hey I want to work at Hollywood but I won' volunteered their time to actually networked the people。

 you have organizations that are town agencies like CAA and way Morse。

Most people will get MBAs and they'll still volunteer in the mail room and work there for years that build themselves up they come to Asia and understand the business and that's why most of the people who work for us have to volunteer for us because we want to see that they're committed and we want to see people that actually are just really interested in our product as opposed to just working for a company。

 they want to work for a company they actually truly believe in。

So I've been doing this ever since I was in the government。

 I think my government jobs in the very beginning was surprisingly really valuable。

 even as like a 16 or 17 year old kid， was my first job were a guy named Senator William Knight。

And he was teaching me how to do memos and letters。

 and I also worked through the governor's office at the time it was Pete Wilson。

And I wasn't associated with any political parties。

 so I even volunteered for both the Republican and Democrat national conventions at the same time。

The funny thing is even back then， my biggest interest in going to these events was actually not learning about the politics。

 but the awesome parties。Meeting cool guys and beautiful girls at these events。

 even from the teenage age。I think that finding those exclusive organizations and volunteering is actually Wabi created RSD to have three hierarchies of volunteers。

 we have people who volunteer for just a weekend to help out some of them will even take it to the next level and they'll be the next tier of VIP hosts。

 they'll even pay and they even volunteer on boot camp then we have guys who are interns who will volunteer anywhere from 20 to 40 hours a week and then they'll work with us potentially on payroll I think。

Maybe 5% of people who do。Still a job are super dedicated actually we end up working with this on a very long term and then get fulltime jobs and these are people now who have been everywhere from our video production team to the RSC instructors that you see on our YouTube channels today。

