# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：05.如何与很多女孩发生性关系_05. How to Have Sex with Lots of Girls_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Most people come to RSD because they want to not just have a girlfriend。

 but they want to have sex with lots of girls。 I would say that if you look at the majority of our guys。

 though， in terms of what they want core deep down is they want to have a long termm relationship。

 that would be maybe twothirs。 But then again， I would say one of our customers have that as the furthest things from their mind。

 And they just want to pick up and have sex with as many girls as physically possible。

 You'll have guys like Julian who in six months might have sex with one to 200 girls。

 you'll have other instructors， though who are pulling three something having crazy adventures。

W to talk to you guys about what I've noticed within real source dynamics to help you guys as well。

 even though right now I'm married and I'm totally out of the field of going out to bars and clubs that pick up girls。

In fact， I'll go out to a barn club mostly nowadays。

 really just to socialize my social circle and I might do it once a year maximum。

 other than that I'm hitting up private events， house parties。

 networking gatherings at my home and other people's homes and I really appreciate that a lot more because I could go deeper。

Ging back to topic getting access to a lot of girls offline is probably the key to get you those feel experienced reference experiences people used to say that finding hot girls was the most difficult thing in the process I don't believe that's true if you just go out to most metropolitan cities there's over where abundance of ways to meet people。

And you can see that from just going out to the shopping malls， bars。

 clubs are being introduced to people， especially if you take the time to build that social circle and yes it takes work。

 but it happens there， however it's。With the power of the internet， it's become super， super。

 duper easy to meet beautiful girls from all sorts of places from every walk alive from all over the world。

 just by having access to social media。Not just from dating sites。

 but from the websites that maybe just regular websites dedicated to friendships or phone apps or what have you。

I think that a lot of people will get massive success from not just the cold walkups。

 but practicing just contacting people from these sites and setting up day twos or those situations where。

In online dating is more like a day one where you meet them for the first time than try to get further meetups and dates after that from those situations。

 it's a way to get a social circle。And do it almost instantly， but in a global sense。

 we're just connecting with people that you might not have met in person in real life。

 challenges making sure these people are the real people I've been watching a lot of shows on TV where a lot of social profiles of people aren't who they really are。

 but you could figure that out if you really dedicate yourself into this and you're intelligent to what you're doing the key is if you do have a soul circle and it's awesome。

And you have a lot of beautiful girls in your soul circle is a transfer of those situations where you are in group situations into one on one situations。

And not just one on one situations that are you and her just hanging out。

 but one of the situations that could have the context that you're actually there for her connecting with her and you know taking the time to show that you're actually interested in her physically。

 he's in touch and interacting with her in terms of making moves。

 I had a friend who was going out one on one taking this girl out to dinner and she told had no idea he was interested in her he's like。

 hey， I don't know what to do。So I just said kiss her， and he's like， well， yeah， that makes sense。

But I mean， finding is not the hardest part， the dating process。it takes a lot of time。

Going out there and building this network takes a lot of time going out there and building a business connection network takes a lot of time and in the dating world you got to invest in that if you want to get those various experiences。

 most people don't have a network unless you're like a photographer or you're really connected to a massive amount of beautiful girls in a metropolitan City like LA or New York。

 most people are not traveling to Vegas and thinking up the party of life where you have gorgeous girls in the clubs and there's like thousands of them。

As a result， you got to take the time， refine your game and build that skill set in person so that when you do meet these girls and it might be those rarer occasions therere。

Situations that you're more likely to capitalize on youve got to go out there and get as many experiences as you can take those risks。

 And if you are one of those guys from like a smaller city like I grew up in college in a smaller city。

It to Wisconsin， it had a college network， and of course it was a really large school into larger schools。

 but I consider that still way smaller than like a metropolitan city that's a huge metropolis。

I've viewed that those rare time， rareer times when you just meet like a beautiful girl that you want to interact with。

 pick up date as a little bit more pressure。But you still have to take the time to practice your game。

 get that internal intellectual tech， and then move forward to communication verbally and physically。

You've got to be able to consciously clarify your intentions when you're interacting with women without fear rejection。

You got to know those situations you're always going to build reference experiences When I look at these social experiments。

 I look at it as if you're somebody who's viewing the world like your own social laboratory where you could build any possible thing。

😊，And anything is possible and whether or not what you built is successful or is not going to lead to success。

 it doesn't matter because you're going to calibrate in the future。

And the only way to cabrate is to fail， to push things to the limit。The same thing goes in sports。

 you will play as sports and you might go too far， kick the ball to the left too far if you're in soccer or hit the puck a little bit too soft or too low if you're in hockey or what have you。

And it takes massive amounts of autopilot responses that you have to build within yourself to get it right and get it right on a consistent manner。

 and the same goes in your social， professional and business interactions。

 and the only way you can calibrate your ability of conveying interest and calibrate to skills to gain that attraction is when having massive amounts of field experiences and those logistical game plans。

 strategic plans that you have on dates， you'd also be conducive to this。

Look at where you're positioning yourself， are you positioning yourself in a place that's close to a place where you can gain some isolation one on one with the girl and escalate or you're always going to be just in public places。

 is your logistical game plan going to be something that's going give you conducive times to talk to her or you're going to go to those louder environments like the bars and clubs where you're one at one time or you going to take to restaurants or like an activity where you can talk or you're going to take her to like a theater where you're just going to sit and have the entertainment talk where you're gonna be able to convey who you are。

You have to look at where there's a possibility to be alone with her。

 but have that time where you were alone in a way where you conveyed that adventurous side of you and really escalate the situation。

If a girl is really interested in seeing his main time with you。

 you got to find out what her intentions are and ask her about those things that compel the conversation to go into more of the topics relating to romance and dating。

 have like fun adventurous jokes and spirits， if you want to get the humor side of her out if you want to like get dirty and make more the humor。

 like get dirty or，Or if you're going to do that kind of stuff， you've got to do it without judgment。

I know that Owen made a video on YouTube where he was walking up to beautiful girls and talking extremely dirty with him。

 calling them like dirty names and doing that to a girl and she was like laughing and then we had this conservative dentist walking up to her and you know just asking questions and then having boring statements and then he would talk about you know a random thing that was not necessarily taboo。

 but it was something to the effect of would you ever consider doing this act And it was like a very serious way of conveying it and she goes oh no。

 of course you're so dirty I can't believe you asked that then。

Owen said the same thing as you really wanted to do this and this and she said， that's so cool。

And then he said the exact same thing in the same manner and then she's also laughing' I see。

 I'm the fun guy I'm the cool guy， the guy without judgment or freedom guy。

 the guy who's willing to explore and take this more interesting adventurous way and the typical mindset and you're able to convey that kind of attitude with girls than you're able to actually get that more likely than being that serious boring guy that obviously。

😊，Has a lot of traditional mental constructs that kind of get in a way of the typical way of thinking。

So be ready for that， even in the position of being in RSD， and studying all this stuff。

 it's so easy to fall back into your allP response if you're not used to doing this so many people。

That maybe we'll get into relationship or be out of the game or what having or used to having this experience will revert back to your core self because a lot of people will revert back to their childhood person persona。

Just naturally， just because that's who they were when they grow up。

But you got to remember that if you want to gain losses of assets， you've got to go out there。

Gotta find the places where the girls are， the beautiful girls are developer So circle。

 get them into the one on one situation。 if it's from online or offline or what have you。

 But make sure those situations communicate verbally and physically your intentions calibrate have thatventurous experience and escalate And if you want to see a lot of great videos about how we do this。

 check out our hotse because that is exactly what we show and we demonstrate just that。

 I mean that's what pretty much the majority of our programs for the last decade have been about in the future。

 you'll see about you know a lot more about maybe the deeper topics of sex and sexual communication as well。

 However， before you get there。 you got to convey that tight game。

 You got to convey the right communication and you got to develop those field experience and reference experiences。

 So hit the field。