# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：8与更成功的_08. Networking with the More Successful【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A lot of people will measure assess in terms of their money， their wealth， their job。

 their access to people， their power， their social capital， their business capital。

 and we'll wonder how can they become these people， and they want to network with these people。

 they want to surround themselves and network with people who they view as more successful than they are。

The more likelihood of viewing yourself as the same as these people。

 the stronger you view yourself as the same as these people。

 the more likely you are just a see at networking with these people if you view yourself as the kind of person who's also in the same realm of success。

 you're going to act in the right way， you're going to act as a way where you're not so nervous。

 you're not going be so needy， you're going to be so edgy， you're just going to be chill， cool。

 calm and relaxed， more comfortable and they're going to feel that off。

 you're more likely to succeed when you're actually interacting with these people。

These need to get into your comfort zone， it may be a challenge。But when you get into that situation。

You'll know you're there。I think that to break it down into what you need to do is you need to just practice doing it。

Put yourself into those situations， reach out to people who are more successful。

 and just practice talking to them。Even when I was a teenager。

 I used to call random CEOs a company as like a 14， 15， 16 year old kid and just talk to them。

I remember I applied for a job with the Vi President of Goldman Sachs。

 the largest investment bank at the time as a teenager talking about books I read and stuff like that。

 and he actually did time to do an interview with me。

You'll be surprised if you're actually want to take the action。

 just view yourself as a peer to the most powerful people in the world。

Oftentimes they will view you with the same respect they do give their peers。

 even if they know exactly who you are in terms of your wealth， statust and success。

Just know you are all born the same when you're born this planet。

 you're not born with anything different， I mean， some people are born。

 maybe' just a little bit smarter or have a little bit more resources in life。

I guess when I listened to the。the television or the radio or the TV shows AC。

 you so frequently see people that have come from nothing and becomes accessible。

 you so frequently come from people who have money of course and becomes accessible as well。

 or have that higher edge in education。But the fact is。

 we all have the opportunity to do so if you just figure out how to solve the puzzle。

 how to navigate through that maze。And no matter who you are， there's always going to be challenges。

 people who look at the Havities will have other challenges that you don't see。

People who have it in the most difficult way and they're born in situations of pain and anguish。

 that might be a motivator to push them farther to succeede and motivate them harder。

Then those people that who have it easy and as a result。

 the people who have it easy may fail because of that compared to those people who have that push and harshness。

So just realize that we were all bornmouth the same opportunity。

And if you're looking to network with people that are more successful with you。

 all you have to do is offer the right core foundations of trust， friendship。

 loyalty as more viable to any amount of money。No matter how much money you have。

 you can't buy those things and everyone knows it， even the most powerful people on the planet as a result。

Of me really adopting that to the core。I have a lot of really powerful friends。In addition to that。

 I don't withdraw favors unless there's a mutual interest and usually that's something that is fun and for both parties involved。

 I mean， if I'm looking for a favor， I need someone to help。

I usually have invested a lot into that relationship first。

And unless it's something where I really need like a favor， I an introduction or something like that。

I won't cash in on that unless that's the absolutely that we have to or unless I could contribute to that other person。

You know， a lot of what I have done for my friends。Is build a value that can't be bought？

And then when I ask for something。They'll be more than they're willing to want to give it。

 they'll actually want to do it for free。I have friends that bill hundreds。

 if not thousands of dollars for an hour for their time and they're willing to help me for free because。

I could do the same thing， and I also offer them a lot of value and even even before that I had that same power。

But knowledge is free and everyone loves to share so if you go to network with people that are more successful than you you often find that they also just want to help you。

 I love helping people that just aren't not successful because I could help them transform into someone successful and it's kind of like。

Giving birth to a child， you're able to kind of guide their path and help them。

And the same way as you care about it other people's success as well because you feel like you're creating that success yourself。

 even though it's creating through another person。And it's kind of cool to see how that path is going it's kind of a fun game to play。

And a lot of people who are really successful have that view and have that standpoint。

 so when you're networking with them。One of the interesting ways to get their attention is to show that you really use your help。

Even if it's just for knowledge because knowledge is for you're not asking for their money。

 not necessarily even asking for their time， but if you have fun and that process of them sharing with you is fun。

 they'll want to do more and share your stories， inspire interest if you have interesting travel stories or you can introduce them to beautiful girls and you're a guy or single。

These things also help which are networking with the people that are more successful。

That's why I always recommend people to develop very interesting stories， different life experiences。

 just things that can inspire people， inspire interest。

 inspire your extra quickers and travel and what have you。

 because these are the things that can be used for networking purposes and for all your conversational experiences or reference experience you're trying to pick up girls or your dang life。

 but it also helps in business and when I'm usually thinking about networking I'm usually thinking about not just your personal life but also your business life。

 a lot of people are thinking about networking where thinking about just hanging out with the most richest and most powerful people or trying to get access to those people that have access to those people。

On the other hand， inviting people to those more meaningful activities。

 even if it's just an event at your more humble home for like a small dinner gathering where you have like a homemade meal。

Things like that will be more memorable to them than taking them to a five star restaurant and you won't even remember exactly what you ate。

 but you will definitely remember that a homemade meal and environment and domyance you created there。

And people will care more about you and your success when you do those things that are more personal and more touching and more close to home。

So。Think about those things that are more meaningful in your life and a lot of those things are probably the exact same things are more meaningful to theirs。

 because those people that are really successful， whether they' are like a celebrity in business or just in personal life or in the status of the entertainment world。

They're no different than you in terms of your beliefs in terms of your values。

 maybe they had this upbringing that involved a higher level of educational purpose and intent。

 maybe they had more resources， money， power， time。But all in all。

 we're all the same basic humans with the same common interests， basic needs。

So we all need help with things， you'd also find out what those things that they're working on。

 things maybe they published， especially if they're in the press that are really popular。

 most people that are really successful or in the press and you'll hear them either talk about under social media channels or into mainstream media and press in general what they're looking for if you could think about ways you could help and contribute to that either from your networking your contacts or contacts his contacts because everyone knows people that might know people that might be able to help me if you can't help them directly。

And you'll be surprised when you start thinking about your friends and your friends as friends as arms of yourself。

 how much easier it is for you to help other people that are more powerful。

And leveraging that and then trying to tap into those relationships so you can help those people so are more interested in being closer and more powerful alarms as opposed to being。

At the mechanical hand that you can't turn now it's a mechanical hand that can turn it has a baseball hat bat that also could shoot spikes out of it。

 that's also mechanical that you can't really control that's why I view like a friend of a friend。

Especially when you turn that friend of a friend into a powerful ally and so on that to a trust and you build your friendship and your relationships in that sense。

I don't view my network and relationship as a tool to use like that。

But I for damn sure feel that when it does turn into that， it is the most empowering sensation。

 it feels like you own the world。That's why when I was in Los Angeles living here for so long。

 I used to feel like I was a social senator， I literally would walk around the city feeling like I own Los Angeles。

 it's because of that ability to have the power to leverage my network and even though it wasn't as powerful as some of the AW celebrities that are out here in Hollywood and the red carpets。

I actually was also up there with them many times， not being as popular with the same power。

 just through the power of my networking skills and the power to understand how to utilize it because everyone wants fun。

 They want money。 They want to feel valuable。 They want respect。

 and to think about all the commonalities that you might share with them， just as anyone else would。

😊，It's what I want people to do， who are students of mind to develop those common hooks。For example。

 look at those people who are your friends who might be their friends or how your friends might be able to help them or to just develop really strong hooks with your friends so that they become more successful。

 look at your interests， look at what could be more interests that you haven't even explored yet or the interests of your friends or interests the people that you know are successful and get into those interests because you might not even realize how much you actually like them and look at your goals。

Look， who might be able to help you accomplish those goals。

 how you might be able to accomplish them yourself and put into into work in a hard work ethic and try to accomplish those goals the best is your ability and you're more likely to accomplish those goals and you're more likely to network with those people who are more successful。

