# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第3周-RSD Mario（RSD社交媒体经理）_Week 3 - RSD Mario (RSD Social Media Manager)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey， guys， it's Papa。 We have a special interview today with Mario。

 A lot of you guys know him from the RC Inter circleircle Facebook groups。

 as he has created hundreds of RC Inter circlecle Facebook groups around the world。

 These are the little fraternities that you could join。 I mean。

 little in the sense that there's either a few hundred or a few thousand people。

 So it's not that small， but it's a chance for you guys。

 not just to meet people in your local community， but also network with everyone else share ideas。

 Mario is an expert on social media。😊，Not just in terms of business， but also with girls as well。

 He's somebody who also has a lot of business skills in the sense that he understands what it is to be an entrepreneur。

 He created his own health and fitness program。 He's somebody who's on top of his life in terms of game in terms of pickup in terms of business。

 having a good mindset。 He's a great networker， master networker and all around pretty intelligent guy。

 Now， we are really lucky to have him with us。 He's somewhere in Europe。 Mariio。

 we're in the world are you right now。 Well， I'm currently gracious。

 So that I kind of settled for the summer here， It's pretty good in Europe。

 So I'm not sure if you ever been here And by the way， in deduction I'm pretty humbled by it。

 great to be here。😊，Awesome。😊，Yeah， I'm in Las Vegas right now， my office in my house in Las Vegas。

 And yeah， I guess Mario， you're in split。 Yeah， I have been to Croatia。

 I've done business in Zagreb， but I have not been to split。

 I heard it's an awesome place for sailing。 And the cool thing is that you kind of live a life like this mobile life where you'll live like for a month in Hong Kong。

 then you'll go to Taipei and you'll go to Spain and you'll go to Canada。

 And now you're in Croatia after having been a long stint with a bunch of a marketing team in Bulgaria and also around Scandinavia and Spain。

 And's kind of cool because we've kind of built RSD to be full remote traveling。

 And you have this really interesting life。 And I guess I'd love to have you share with our audience。

😊，A little bit about who you are， what you do， your social media skill sets and those things that I think that relate to social media in terms of business and social life。

 that might be really attractive to the RD founders Club members。 Yeah， you said it well there。

 I mean， we leave a pretty unique lifestyle。 anybody who's involved in RD who work with RD。 I mean。

 we're old remote workers。 I mean， we're all are traveling pretty much all the time。

 It's kind of that digital nomad lifestyle basically no home。😊，So we're moving around all the time。

 And so far it's been about 40 countries。 know， the number is just going up every year。

 It's kind of silly。 I guess after four years， when people talk about this lifestyle。

 you're thinking it's not that special。 but I mean。

 majority of people really never get a chance to do this。

 And I think the right time is to do this right now。 I mean。

 you couldn't have these possibilities a couple of decades ago it wasn't possible。

 So it's not really the norm。 And when you mentioned there。

 the inner circles and the social media aspect of it really is helpful because now we build such a big community around the world that you can just go to any city。

 just hit up a group of guys there and you're at home It's not a big problem to figure out where you go out。

 it's not a big problem to figure out where the best gyms are where the best supermarkets are。

 where pretty much rent a place what is the center where most of the things are happening。 I mean。

 it's pretty good。 I mean， we covered every big we cover every major。😊，ro the world。

 And it's fascinating。 I mean， if you look at a couple of years ago。

 we didn't have these opportunities。 I mean， we had to start from scratch。 I mean， there were forums。

 but when forums， guys are more anonymous。 and it's kind of hard to connect when there's so much an anonymity going on。

 But ever since we switched on a little bit to Facebook where you actually see real people。

 real faces， real profiles， everybody becomes a little bit more exposed and shared。

 and at the same time。 you're now you become more trustworthy for people to host you。

 they see that you're cool guy。 and that's definitely something that we endorse because a lot of obviously。

 I mean these nasty about personal development as well。

 And if you're hosting someone or if you're meeting up with someone who is from the same community。

 know you know that you're gonna meet up with like minded people。

 It's not gonna be some kind of random person， which is a big concern if you're going through the route of like just meeting up people are networking who aren't in the same things。

 and you actually have to like find the middle ground， but with ours。😊，You know， you kinda know。

 I mean， it's all about optimizing， becoming the best version of yourself in all areas of your life。

 I mean， mostly， we're focused on social skills， obviously， but still， I mean。

 there's a lot of business connections that you make with I mean， pretty successful guys。 I mean。

 they， they all have the mindset of growth。 And that's。😊。

It's one thing if you're part of this community， you have asked to these guys because you always have some connection。

 you have some connection through like social skills or through some form health and fitness or in business or spirituality。

 There's always something to connect you。 And I think this is really fascinating。 I mean。

 you've done a world through yourself， you met a lot of people。

 So so you know that everybody is kind of different， but at the same time work on the same areas。

 And that connects all of us because the journey is is pretty similar。 know， for most of it。

 know it's like you start by sucking being good at it and then eventually get better and better。

 You also get better at traveling and through traveling。

 you actually get much better at your social skills and pretty much in general people's skills and traveling is one of the most rewarding things you can do if that's an option for you。

 I would highly recommend。 I， make it an option if it's not。

 because gonna make you grow as a person much， much faster than anything you can do in your own city。

 which is something。 I mean， I come from。😊，T， you know， it's it's like a ton of 200，300 people。

 You know， it's like more cows than people。 So I can definitely relate to if you're saying that you don't have places to God or if you don't have connections。

 if you don't have a good network or people around you。

 And that's why you need to switch the environment。 You know， it's I mean， no regrets。 You know。

 you live this life once and why not take the paternity of the age where you live in。 Sure， now。

 one of the things that I think it's really cool。😊。

In terms of learning how to be a part of a community is actually building the community or developing the community or adding value to the community。

 Now， you actually built these communities around the world， you create an infrastructure。

 you've had conference calls， you've had little leaders that you built。

 But I think it's really kind of a cool of ecoco for what people could do in their own social circles because by having the skill set to build a community on the social media online。

 there's a lot of parallels to how this relates to doing so and say your own social life。

 if you're going to do the same thing in terms of events and what have you and build a social circle that you could use to meet new people in your dating life and also have a great skill set for networking in general。

 I'd love for you to go a little bit more in detail about this community building process you've done。

 Yeah， I mean， it's fascinating that we as kind of human beings， there's always guys who stand out。

 And I think that in terms of the community quality of the leadership potential。

 I think Rs these is really rich with people who have the potential。 and they realize they have。😊。

Poential to be leaders because if I go into a new city， I mean。

 if you just try to find people who are actually in a role of leading people。

 that's a little bit hard。 But if you go through， let's say a filter like RSD because someone who relates to videos that are put by like Tyler or any other instructor。

 people are more prone to be leaders。 And I've recognized this as a community of guys who are pretty much living that mindset I'm gonna give value And leading a group is actually it's pretty beneficial。

 It's not just not just in terms of that you're gonna build the group。

 it's not just in terms that you're gonna give value to others。

 but you're also gonna grow as a person when you're put in our role when people depend on you。

 you're gonna learn responsibility， you're gonna learn all these different roles。

 and that's very attractive for those local leaders that we've set up and I met up with a lot of them when eventually I would set up a group the group would fill up through Facebook we would promote the group to the city。

 all the people would people would join in and then what would happen is that。I would go there。

 and I would meet up with the leaders。 and it would always be like really， really cool。

 solid guys that I'm not saying that the other members are not super solid， but it's just a guy。

 Okay said I'm gonna step up first。 and what this really gives you the ability is to learn how to master an organization how to lead an organization。

 how to be the right type of leader。 and that's that's an insanely valuable skill。

 So all the guys who are in circle leader， I mean， max our instructor was once an inner circle leader right and that's kind of the potential where people are the ones who are stepping up。

 And for the process of building it， obviously， the first thing you want to make sure that you have a good structure and good organization。

 So we make sure that we have a leader， make sure to have a good team and to make sure to organize events on a monthly basis。

 we set up monthly but in certain cities like London。😊。

It turned into instantly started like two per month and four per month。

 you don know how they're doing multiple events per week。 And there's such a high demand。 I mean。

 if you have a group like London like New York like La。

 we're talking about thousands of people and everybody wants to do something。

 but people need kind of a permission to actually do something when a guy steps up and says， well。

 I'm gonna do this event， it's not really that special in a sense that well he's doing some unreal skill that nobody else can do。

 but it gives permission to others to do so as well。 So they're like， okay if this guy can do it。

 I can do it as I mean， in Rs your thought like no man is cut from a different cloth。

 So it really it instills those skill sets that that he can use， I mean。

 tomorrow you're gonna to be a CEO of your company and you're gonna have potentially hundreds of people that you need to manage and you first have to learn how to manage yourself which is being a leader。

 you learn how to manage yourself， but also learn how to manage others。

 I mean it's an incredible opportunity。😊，Everybody I met from inoc groups that that really are immersed in our project are credible people。

 very， very highly talented and skilled， cool。I guess the other thing I wanted to talk about is a little bit how you use social media in terms of business。

 in terms of what you're doing within real social dynamics behind the scenes。Yeah， I mean。

 the thing is with generally with developing our social skills。

 we have to find a way to present ourselves on social media that is I guess in some way relatable to people so if you just make sure that you're relatable and if you're authentic if you can express yourself with basically your true self then that's what we did with RSD to make sure that our content can be seen by hundreds of thousands of people and they can relate that's a big thing if you're not relatable to people will dismiss you instantly and with RSD。

 we have that little edge where we some people are like just starting to become more and more curious they find us on social media they're like okay what are these guys about like what is this for them it's kind of fascinating there's all these guys you approaching girls they're doing all these things and how is this possible is how is this happening kind of behind the curtains but it's really not that I mean not that special it's0% natural？

To do that。 But the way you have to present it in a way that the person on the other side who is a little bit skeptical because people are skeptical by nature。

 I mean， most people， you have to present in a way that it's kind of a win win for them to go in and try it out and instantly。

 as you try it out。 if you see the cool social media posts。

 we do like we post like infield footage infield video footage that actually shows that it's not some kind of weird thing or whatever。

 know it's like 10 actual super fun great lifestyle to live。 And when people see this， they're like。

 oh， I want to be a part of that。 know， and then they do a little bit more research then they find the forum And if the Facebook groups。

 they find other guys to connect with。 and then they start。

 know And once you get into this community， it's really hard to go out of it It's almost impossible Like it's kind of like video in the matrix right once you get unplugged it's impossible to really go back and see the society the same way。

 because you see the all subtle details that are happening in the social。😊。

Communications and in the events and everything， you just start seeing more and more details and you become。

Something that a lot of people are now throwing away is throwing around is like the term of emotional intelligence and really having the ability to relate to people。

 but that is a skill set。 know that's not something that you're born with or whatever that's a skill set and we're building that skill set in people。

 We're building that skill set of being having that emotional intelligence and once you develop that。

 you can relate to anybody at any point in time and you can actually present yourself in an authentic way。

 and you're able to connect with people it doesn't really matter how much money anybody makes or in general in society that's how people typically will try to kind of make connections or rather through money or some like hobby or anything like that。

 but here you're able to present yourself in a very authentic way。

 and that attracts people even who are like just people who don't necessarily do the same things as you。

 they respect you and they respect your opinion and they'll gladly connect with you and that leads to incredible opportunities right so。

That's with RSD。 I mean， we've done a great job with Facebook over the last couple of years。

 The YouTube community is massive。 We're talking about half a million subscribers。

 I mean we're talking about a lot of people and it's insane It's insane to see it grow。

 we're growing super， super fast and it's just rewarding we started from scratch basically 2011 I think Facebook was nonexistent。

 there was just one Facebook group orsD was like 50 people。

 and and there was no Facebook page and was like really， really hard to like start it up。

 but once we started up once we started getting momentum and then it just blew up that's just the way it is right now and I think social media the way you can use social media in today's age is really to put yourself out there in the right way。

 So you can definitely put yourself out there you can create yourself。

 you can create the identity of the person you want to be and it also becomes easier to。😊。

like that person because it's easier for you to convey who you really are if you know how to use social media。

 I mean， there's two strategies。 And one strategy is always to hide and be kind of that mysterious person or whatever。

 But in today's role， I mean。It's really about being that authentic person。

Who isn't afraid to show what he likes and what he dislikes and really has his own opinion of the world and how the world works and all these other things that people respect that。

 And that's if you use social media properly， especially like things like Snapchat and how Instagram Facebook。

 you can really， really not just connect with people。

 but it can also express yourself in a really creative way that was， I mean。

 this is the first time this is possible since the history of mankind right So it's an exciting time。

 as a leader of our social media， you're the influencer of our brand to so many people around the world。

 So I'd be really interested to hear about how the RSD lifestyle has influenced you because usually the selfexpress is kind of conveyed even when you're just trying to push your own message to the audience that you have in RSD nation。

 So I guess I would be interested in hearing how you have been impacted by the RSD lifestyle and how you're trying to disseminate that message to our communities all over the。

😊，d。Yeah， I mean， if by look at myself we're talking about an example of a person who never。

 never ever had any social skills in terms of like basic communication skills。

 I'm not talking about like just going up to like some stranger or anything like that。

 I'm talking about in general talking with people。 I mean。

 always afraid to express your opinion kind of like okay， just go with the flow。

 don't don't go against anybody， try to be as diplomatic as possible。

 and that's one thing that is okay。 I mean， in a sense that you're creating that illusion。

 you're kind of a chameleon right， but it's not okay for yourself you start feeling like okay I'm not be able I'm being hauled down right I cannot express myself。

 and I mean， as I said， 2010，2011 before I got into RSD。 I mean。

 it's pretty much horrible in a sense that I did not only did not have any female friends or female connections that would not even be having any real friends in general。

 right。My background is like video games connecting with people behind through like chats and stuff like that。

 I didn't really have these connections。 And once I got through the programs。 I mean。

 I got through blueprint decota is my favorite program that actually opened my eyes to the whole world of dynamics of social dynamics and then once I got into it I mean I just realized well damn。

 this is just a skillet。 before that I thought I was just born。 okay you're born an introvert。

 you're born like this and you're fixed you have that fixed mindset and as Carol V says。

 fixed mindset， you have like the growth mindset and once I switched to the growth mindset I realized well damn know I can just invest time in this there's people who already doing this who started same position I was and it's a skill set build the skill set and then I kind of discovered RsD。

 I made connections within the community of RsD and then eventually I started get to know the company I got really。

Ined and actually improved my social skills pretty good in the first six months。 and then first year。

 and then eventually I started also like going into looking into the company。 I was like， okay。

 this company changed the world I want to want to help this company spread the message and I studied computer science and I had had pretty decent marketing skills in a sense that。

😊，I knew what was in demand at the moment。 So social media was blowing up and I realized well。

 social media is the way right so we need to do that。

 and I was looking at RsD and I like shit know Rsz needs someone to help them with this because this is a huge project and we jumped on that I did an internship with you guys was amazing。

 The internship was was a hell of an internship。 if anybody who is watching this video ever went through RSZ internship it's really hard。

 we did a lot of good work we launched in a circle。

 with a lot of projects and eventually I mean as I got in。

 I was like okay this is a very strong message。 we have to spread this message because theres guys like me who are held down but the quote unquote rules of the society。

 whatever you want to call them。 It's not necessarily that someone is like it's a conspiracy that someone is holding you down。

 but it's just the way that these things that we thought that we actually now take for granted that on YouTube。

 Nobody's telling these things to most people。😊，People are not aware of this。

 So we have to have that and， okay let's spread the message。 know， let's get more people into this。

 And that's where I see my role in RsD is that I help spread a really really good message that impacted my life。

 And I mean， ever since I got these skills handled I started working with RsD that allowed me to travel traveling allowed me to build more skills that I good at odd skills as well。

 I mean， I invested more I just realized that mindset of growth can be applied to all ears of my life。

 And ever since then it exploded So that's just a clear example of a random guy who I mean I lived in a village in Bosnia basically with my parents。

 I mean，2300 people in the whole village practically no connections whatsoever and no chance slow internet。

 you would say that it's like against all possibles odds。

 but it's not that hard in general if you look at it。

 it's just okay realize that theres a skill set that you're lacking and you just have to apply yourself to learn the skill set。

And yeah， I mean， its ever since then， you know， its just momentum and gradually improving。Cool。

I've noticed that one of the really interesting things about what's going on in terms of。

The creation of my YouTube channel and the creation of RSD founders clubs has been the interest from so many different fans of RSD and getting them really interested in this concept of how their business life。

😊，Can be affected in terms of， like， pickup。So one of the biggest things I thought that could be of value to our customers。

Is if you could tell me what your opinion is of how the skills that you've learned from being a part of RS C behind the scenes。

 being in your position as a social media manager in terms of business and the mindset sets you how to develop。

 how do you apply these skills into your pick life。Well， in a。

 in a sense that in sense of the social skills， I mean the。Princiippleles。

 the way you apply these skills in terms of like whatever your goal is， whatever your goal is。

 and social skills will be applied the same way to men， women， anybody else。

 because you you're a social creature， you're living a world where you have to learn how to actually connect with people。

 There's no other way to succeed。 I mean， you can you can go far by yourself。

 You can be an individual。 you can really like， say， okay， screw everybody。

 I'm just gonna do it myself。 And that's gonna take you far。

 but you're never gonna be able to achieve actual greatness。

 if you don't learn how to work with teams， if you don't learn how to actually meet someone you like。

 you。 You want to spend time with in terms of like girls and an old。 and guys， in general。

 like friends in both female and male friends and also your loved ones。

 If you don't you don't have the skill set to actually meet these people。 I mean， as I said。

 you can go you can go long， but you will never be able to reach that greatness。

 all the great things are accomplished in teams。 and in terms of business and social skills。I mean。

 how to win friends and influence people。 It's like you could say that that's just simply like a pickup or social skill book as well。

 You know it's the same principles。 If you just look at it that and you have to realize the basic concepts of being able to put yourself in a position that is win win with people around you because if they see you as we know the concept of like giving value。

 We know the concept of taking value。 If you're value giver。 if you can say， okay， I'm giving value。

 I'm just spreading good value it can be an emotion， It can be a business deal。

 it can be anything that you can do everything that is in your possibility that makes the person's life a little bit better。

 it doesn't have to be a big thing， just a little tiny a little bit better。

 you're a value giver and everybody wants to be around value givers。

 most people in the world like 997% of people actually takers right So we live in a world like that。

 And if you're a value giver， you instantly stand out and。😊，Stand out And as I said。

 both in terms of like when you're in a nightclub， if you're。

 if you're just there having a lot of fun， if you're just giving value to people， they can see， well。

 that's kind of person I want to hang around with。 know。

 that's the kind of person that can make me forget a little bit about my。

 my shitty job or whatever I'm doing like or just can enhance my life。

 And that's the kind of person that you want to be。 And that will attract other people。

 especially if you also take initiative。😊，That's a big thing， especially thick initiative。

 then also people realize， well， this guy is obviously on his path。 you know。

 he's on a good path of purpose， and then hes contributing also value at the same time。 know。

 people just want to be around you。 And that's that's a huge thing is that you can't force these things。

 you can't force people to be around you。 But it's like the more you radiate value。

 the people will be naturally drawn to you it's a really。

 really a different concept than what the world generally teaches us。

 which is like just hoard a lot of money or whatever other things like and then people will will be your friends right and this is a whole different different ball game here So that's something I learned a lot and I mean that concept of giving value。

 that' completely change my。 That's like 100% completely change like every single thing I'm doing right now。

 I'm just going through the matrix like the decision making matrix of like， okay。

This thing that I'm doing is actually keeping value or is it taking value。

 And that's when you have that thought process。 I mean。

 it just all the decisions just instantly become a no brainer and that just attracts the highest quality people you can imagine。

 That's great Mario， let's talk about what your vision is for RSD in terms of like our future as you have such an influence on our brand and what we do。

 Yeah， I mean， RsD has the bright future probably hold the companies out there in terms of like just expanding and growing as much as we we love when the community was tight and small and we could like kind of micromanage all these little things。

 Now we're talking about thousands and thousands of people in every city around the world and it's just growing as the message is so strong。

 the message coming from that place of power。 So it's really impossible to ignore it。

 and it's just growing and growing。 What I see really is that more people will just embark on that path to selfimp and that will natural。

😊，attract them to the content RsD is basically putting out。 I mean。

 it's mostly self- provenance related plus obviously mastering your social skills， which is a huge。

 huge aspect of as a person and what I see basically RsD is like kind of that more guys will just realize that there's more to life than following a be and path。

 know there's like more there's a different road。 there's something that there's these cool guys。

 there's these cool communities around the world。 there's guys who are pushing themselves outside the comfort zone。

 they're growing making business deals and what I see is kind of like little fight club seeing it's just gonna be more and more like of that going expanding further and what's gonna to happen in cities。

 I mean we're talking about00 people who will have their own mini networks when I start companies together get start working in people from the groups and kind of my vision I guess for the future if you。

Sa it was like。It's just normal for you to walk into a club and like PVC like super cool guys there inviting you。

 hey， oh yeah I know you are you're like a part of the same crew。 Hey， come come check out。

 meet my friends and it's just gonna be a global network that that is something that hasn't existed in the past。

 I think like even though we can look at Facebook， for example。

 as a global network of like just everybodys on there。

 it's not the same as RSD because RsD is really grounded in taking action and pushing yourself outside the comfort zone。

 these kind of people will attract the different type of person than just being on something where you're just a consumer。

 So with RSD， it's like if you go to a city right now， like to a random city in the world。

 you just go there。 if you see someone like taking action in an nightclub。

 if you see someone approaching people in street like being a promoter or something like that and it has a lot of social skills。

 if you ask them， do you know about RSD， you're most likely gonna hear yes。

 because people know they are finding out。😊，They're being exposed more and more to the。

To the message， right And the message is so strong that it can be held back。

 And that's what I see for the vision in the future is I mean， we can discuss now。

 it's gonna be mainstream or not。 It doesn't really matter because the right people will hear the message。

 And we only care about the right people， we don't care about everybody in this world to give us some kind of validation。

 It's not about that。 It's really about every single person out there and obviously， I mean。

 both women and men resonate with the true core message that the RsD is giving。

 And what that's gonna do is really put more people in that path。 Okay， I can become a better person。

 I can become the better version of myself。 And then you'll have these。

 these mini rock stars appearing all over the world。

 And they're obviously in the same network because they know， you know。

 they know the trigger and the trigger， same as was for me was Rs the Sam that trigger is being just enhance the more and more and more and more people are exposed to it。

So that trigger is definitely something that is very， very important because it has to reach a。

It has to be reaching at the right moment and people who are coming to our events who are coming who are going into the programs or taking boot camps and all that they're not the same people anymore。

 once they go through that process。 I mean， it just they now just started and they start building momentum and most guys。

 I mean， that's the， I mean， I've not seen any other company out there who really has the ability to actually change people's identity to have them realize their full potential。

 I think RsD is one of the only ones that I know that actually have this capacity and that's something huge because you cannot inherently like change。

 if you can just take a random guy like myself。 like it's a random guy。

 a complete random guy from the street。 no money like nothing like from a random country as well barely no internet。

 no electricity or whatever and if you take a random guy like myself and have him in five years travel like 40。

5 countries build a business， consult with many， many companies。

 work with RsD as well as spread the message， build a whole community of cities around the whole world。

 and be a part of that。 I mean， what the hell， you know， it's unbelievable。

 So I think that the future is extremely extremely bright when were talking about Rs cool。

 And I think that one of the things that Rs emulateates is that ability to have personal freedom。

 And you've traveled all around the world trying to build a so circle and a day life in each city from city to city。

 What are you doing when you land each of these cities in order to accomplish that goal。😊，Yeah。

 I mean， the thing is you can approach this in many different ways。

 So we know that we can do social networking。 We can also do sort of like， okay。

 let's meet the best promoters in the city。 but you can also go with the method of cold approach Co approach method is 10 percent effective when it comes to building strong connections in the city that you arrive in it's extremely effective。

 I'm not just not talking about just cold approaching goals all the time。

 but I'm talking about cold approaching in general。 I mean。

 one good example of this back in 2013 when I went to Japan I mean。

 there's practically I went to Osaka， know it's not it's not Tokyo。

 you don't really meet a lot of foreign people there。

 I was practically I mean probably like handful of foreigners in the whole city and what we really did。

 I mean， a couple of my friends。 basically coal the promoters the DJs。

 everybody the owner of the club and in this situation we managed to create a circle。😊。

Of influence that everybody all of a sudden starts to know us。 I mean in a couple of weeks。

 we already made ourselves at home。 And it's a random city where people don't even speak English。

 it's incredible。 What you can do if you have the skill set of code approach。

 And that's that's something that most people underestimate they look at it just as a tool of like okay I can just score。

 I can just do that。 Buts just that ability to just not be I guess hell back because true confidence really is is just realizing that there's nothing holding you back that's what we're saying true core confidence。

 So you realize okay， there's nothing holding me back。 I mean。

 why can't I go to talk to that DJ right there where I can't just talk through the staff And if you if you have a if if you have a good understanding what the person finds valuable in that scenario。

 So let's say if if let's end up in Hong Kong you have to realize okay。

 I want to get into that club how are I gonna do that。 Well， you have to realize， okay， what does。

That bouncer that is that is the primary boundary there。

 What does he consider value in this situation， And you want to make sure that you have that value if it's a bunch of girls。

 Okay， that's cool。 Col approach。 You can easily gather as many goals as he wants。 It doesn't matter。

 right， because you have。You have the tools， you have the abilities。

 you have the skills and now it just simply comes down to application， realizing， okay。

 I can do this in any city。 And with social media， for example。

 a good good now thing that you can do is just contact people through Facebook。

 if you if you have a good profile， if you really built up yourself like having just photos a place that you've traveled like good。

 either like you're doing V blog or something like that where people can see that you're a real person。

 if you add some someone from that city that you're traveling to two weeks before you're there。

 if just ask them， well， hey man like you seem like a pretty cool guy。

 just arrive in the city like is there something like I can do for you。

 just send them something that he finds valuable in a sense that you can actually connect with a person。

 I， of course you have yourself a new friend especially if you're in that position what we always advocate is a position of giving value So if you have value if if you know what that person finds valuable。

 if you can make their life a little bit better， everybody wants to talk to。😊。

Like everybody wants to connect with you。 And in a new city， I mean， in terms of practicalities。

 what do you do when you arrive in a new city， Well， first thing， you want to make sure that you。

 you're somewhere central where you can actually。Connect with people and that you're living in an area where you don't have to travel for an hour or something to get to get to a club or to get to a place where things are happening。

 And another thing is that you want to make sure that you have really good accommodations where you have your own privacy。

 especially if you're practicing like improving your social skills。 privacy is the key。

 aside from that， you want to make sure to have a good gmy about it to be healthier at the same time as you're traveling。

 which is a pretty good thing is it impacts your energy levels impacts your focus everything basically in your life is influenced by exercise。

 Additionally， you want to make sure to have a proper place where you can prepare your food。

 like can get good nutrition depending on whatever lifestyle you're in。

 But that's the key that you have your little environment where you can feel at home。

 And then you can easily work your way in that same city。 And I recommend， I mean。

 the way I do the traveling。 I think most people make a mistake by staying in one city for just a week。

 I prefer to stay in a place for two months。😊，That's kind of my preferred method。

2 to three months would be ideal as I think that we are as much as we can adapt very fast and you get you learn how to adapt very fast in you city。

 know， it's just always the same thing。 get a sim card。

 get 4G internet finding waves like what's the best taxi company or Uber or whatever public transfer you need where are all the good things。

 but by the time you figure that out， it's like usually five，6 days， no matter how good you are。

 maybe like four days， if you if you're really awesome at this。

 but you don't get actually experience the city if you're not there for longer。

 And that's why I recommend staying for a month or two， even three months。

 three months would be ideal because you can actually make connections because you can see these people over and over and you want to see okay what's the best venue in the city or what are the best venues in the city and you want to repeatedly visit those venues So people get familiar with you。

 you want to remember the bouncers names， You want to remember the barton's names。

 You want to ask the bar who owns the club。😊，Where's the owner when I buy a drink。

 like stuff like that and。Just arm yourself a little bit of knowledge。

 And that really takes you a long way。 Like， it takes you miles。 It's incredible。

' just in terms of social skills。 in terms of businesses， it's a pretty similar process。 I mean。

 is's the same。 just you go to events in the city that are actually hosted by types of things that they're talking about types of things that you're。

 you're also skilled then。 So if I'm， I'm gonna go to a place。

 let's say in Hong Kong and there's an event of marketing。

 I know that I can go there and I can connect with someone in terms of social media， right。

 So I know I have something to offer these people。 And then we can connect and that or in terms of if it's a health and fitness event。

 if it's any event， like you want to be able to bring value to the table。

 And then you're gonna easily be able to connect with people there。😊，Cool， now you。

 you have experienced pretty much every social media tool technology out there。

 You've tried and tested it personally and also for RD， everything from Snapchat， Instagram。

 etc cetera。 and many other services that we haven't even discussed。 I mean， YouTube， etc cetera。

 Could you talk about all these various technologies and how they might be useful to somebody for their business and personal life。

😊，Yeah， I mean， if you're not on currently， if you're not on Facebook， Instagram。

 Snapchat and and possibly YouTube， you're not even alive， right， So you don't even exist。

 And that's just the fact， unless you're some kind of movie star who' is like trying to run away from it。

 And people are literally like hunting you down in the street。

 even then you probably have a Facebook page or something right。

 So it's impossible to avoid these tools。 So you have to like get out of that mindset some people are in that mindset。

 well， I'm not gonna do that。 It's just annoying it's for girls for teenage girls or whatever It's not for me。

 it is for you's it's for everybody because every single tool And every platform that we currently have is that is a chance for you to excel。

 Like Snapchat is a chance for you to master it。And able to get a lot of good results from it。

 And what I say when when people ask me what's the best social media platform。

 is' not really about the platform。 It's about understanding the general principle behind social media。

 And the general principle is that kind of thank you economy style of way you want to look at it。

 The thank you economy style simply means that that's what Gary Van came up with a term。

 It's basically give， give， give， give and give and give 10 times00 times before you can actually ask something back。

 It's the concept of social capital， right， so。😊，People will only respond。

 People will only even take you seriously in today's time if you're basically hammering them with really good things。

 like if if you're improving their lives。 And in terms of like what actually platforms I would recommend。

 let's say you're a business owner right now，100% Facebook and YouTube， like 10%。

 if you're not on Facebook and YouTube， you're just wasting your time。

 unless even if your business is like selling refrigerators to a local city。

 I think there's value in being on Facebook in terms of retargeting。

 you can actually connect with your audience and target them directly with advertisement that visit your page in terms of YouTube。

 if you do go on YouTube as a business who's selling refrigerators， for example。

 just like air conditioners or whatever， you're gonna be the only one who's doing that。

 And if you put a face next to the brand， people will actually trust you be able to relate to you。

 and I mean， all this works。 if you have an awesome product。 if you don't have an awesome product。

 that's obviously their first problem。marketinging works only if the product is actually useful and good。

 but I'm assuming that you have a really good product。 And then I mean。

 there's genius ways how you can use Snapchat。 there's genius ways how you use Instagram。

 but I would say main focus currently that I think that the social media is that are not going anywhere because I mean。

 even Snapchat， Instagram， we can see that there's different kind of fluctuations is in a sense of how much audience is there and which type of audience and things like Twitter we know that it's kind of in trouble right now。

 right so。I would really focus and double down on Facebook and YouTube as much as possible and make sure that really express your brand in in a clever way so people remember you。

 And as I said， you know， put a face there， put a face。

 face has to be there has to be a real person has to have a personality。

 And if you see what the big company is doing。 I mean Gary Vach is a really good example。

 He's ver media。 and it's him。 He's making the sales for the company just by him being a very strong brand。

 And of course， they deliver a service and everything they probably flawless with that。

 but the idea is that he's on the social media platform there to connect with people。

 A CEO can relate to him。 and you don't have to be Gary Vach。

 You're gonna have to be like a fancy guy who like has all this knowledge。

 but you actually have to be able to say， hey， my product is good and say it to the camera like say it straight up in the camera and really tell people。

 well， look， I believe。😊，And what I'm doing。 and people will be able to relate to you。

 And as soon as they be able to relate to you。 if you run a business， I mean， now you're。

 you're not just some kind of anonymous guy trying to take their money。

 You're actually someone who is who is there， who is present。

 who is listening as well at the same time because what social media allows you。

 It's not just it's not just press， publish just publish， publish， publish， No。

 it' allows you to listen。 And that's a big tool。 I think most people are looking at social media。

 just like push， push， push， push。 It's really about listening。

 And when you're present on social media， you're actually listening。 And that tells people， okay。

 these people care。 and caring that that's the factor。 that's the bottom line at the end of the day。

 the brand， that the company， the。The person that cares the most about the individual。

 about the organization， about the company， about the product， about in the end， about someone else。

 that person is gonna win because car is a factor you cannot buy You cannot buy caring。

 It's kind of the attitude you have where you don't have。

 And I think that's where social media can really separate you from someone else is really that factor that you can show people that you care。

 And when you show people that you care。 I mean， that's like 95% of the obstacles that are usually in place to prevent people like that people put in front I'm not gonna buy that it is just gonna go away that car factor。

 And that's what we did with Rs because we made ourselves available and you can hit us up on every social media that's always gonna be someone replying to you。

 there's always gonna be someone there for you And if you're taking a boot camp。

 you're gonna be instructed， taking care of 100%。 like every little thing that's happeningre on top of that。

 And that's just the way it is like。You have to set that high standard or I mean。

 otherwise the industry， the market will just not take you seriously at all， right definitely。

RSD is always so obsessed with the pickup quality being super high in terms of the content release and everything。

 And one of the cool things I think that's going on is that you always have your ear to the ground。

 You're always listening to what the people are saying， whatever their messages。

 not just within the RSD group， but outside of it。 One of the things that we've talked about earlier。

 was about how you're really trying to focus on not just like everyone。

 but that particular kind of niche。😊，And I remember that we were having a situation where we were doing with craziness in terms of the media attacking us。

 and you were able to。😊，You know， kind of have your ear to the ground because so many people were not even knowing what a boot camp was or what RD was about。

 And they were just saying crazy things about us and posting crazy things。

 Ed our videos and taking jokes and just doing that and kind of explaining it to other people as if they're serious。

 And I think that although how controversial and extremely tense。

 you're able to navigate us through that situation and process。

 And I'd like to talk to you a little bit about that as well。😊，Yeah。

 I think that that situation is very， very unique。 I don't think a lot of companies or individuals or anybody else on this planet will will have the chance。

 I would say even the fortune to actually experience something like that because we survived it and we actually grew much much more even though I wouldn't even say despite that but I's say cause of that because it really made our structures a lot stronger when we realized basically how the world works and sometimes the only way you can realize how the world works if you actually end up in a situation like that and that was 2014 if I'm not mistaken and it was quite interesting to see how skewed the public can be like how you can actually manipulate public opinion very fast。

 which is kind of interesting and it taught us valuable lessons and when we listen to to our audience to people on the ground who actually know us we' like okay everybody it was shocked Like everybody is like okay why is this happening。

 Nobody understands。The power of viral marketing。If done properly， you can easily。

 easily be seen and be listened by the entire planet if you have the message that is I mean in this scenario。

 the message was obviously false and that teaches you that it's not really about the actual message is true or not。

 but it's about a particular type of content that you can actually just in influence and pretty much make it toxic to a whole big audience which is like millions and millions of people and I think with us what we did really there is we stood our ground like we stood grounded and didn't we didn't buckle so we didn't buckle we had our structures in place with our servers with all of this bullshit thats happening。

 we knew that the effect was just temporary because we had our ear to the ground。

 we knew okay this is just one of those things。That people are just like obsessed with one day。

 And then the next day， they forget it because the new next thing is just came up。 You know。

 it's like the next flashy thing。 You know， it's like a scandal， blah， bla，lah， all of a sudden。

Next day， the new scandal， just you get forgotten it。 And that's what we anticipate。

 And that's what really what happened because。The problem that the person has who' is like lying and manipulating and trying to do this is that they're not coming from a place of power。

 They're coming from a place of force。 there's this book called power versus force。

 which Tler recommended me to check out Hall recommend when all the guys who are actually watching this to read the book is that when you're coming from a place of power where you know that your message is 10 percent correct accurate moral 10 percent valuegiving and life enhancing。

 you don't have to worry right because eventually the people who have force。

 it's like it's like Gandhi versus like the Bri Empire right I mean eventually he's gonna win right it's like just because he's coming from a position of power。

 He doesn't need to force anything eventually the power will win that's what happened kind of with us because you can only lie so far you can just go like that all like all the way and we just realize that well okay。

This is done， this is over， like revolve over it。Learn a good lesson。

 Learn a couple of interesting things when with server management or where you host your websites。

 you know， it's a valuable lesson。 And yeah， I mean， pretty， I mean， a lot。

 a lot of interesting stuff， especially with I would， I would definitely。😊，I mean。

 would Julian and would Max was also heavily involved with that。 I mean。

 it thought him a lot of good stuff。 And especially， I mean， as a cofer a company you're like， oh。

 shit， you know， how how did we do this， You know， it's like kind of fascinating。

 but it's really not that that we're doing something that that is that is。😊，Just so powerful。

 not powerful。 It's just a sense that the audience， the people can easily be manipulated， right。

 It's such a fascinating realization when you make that you can， you can like change the world。

 but one tweet And that also is good because you can actually send a good message and spread it out like that as well。

 So it's kind of an interesting kind of revelation to us， because if we have a really strong message。

 We can our messages usually go viral。 I mean， if you look at our motivational videos。

 if you look at Tler's channel， like his videos， for example， millions and millions of views。

 And you can easily， we use the same principles we learn from there to apply them to spreading our good message。

 So it's kind of like I guess there's no mistakes， it's always a learning。

 It's always a learning experience。 So I would say we we got out of it pretty much stronger and better better than ever。

😊，Well， this has been great Mario。 I'd like to wrap it up with just some of your final thoughts that you'd like to share to members of R D Founderers Club。

😊，Yeah， mean you're in a part right now。 you're a part of a community right， You're a part of a big。

 big community around the world。 And what I would really want to tell everybody here is that don't hesitate to reach out that's one big thing that I see with guys is that in all the communities that we work through built around the world is you always have guys who are like。

 okay， this guy is gonna do it。 know， I'm gonna wait for him right I would say connect because every single person is a part of this program that you're watching right now。

 every single person inside of this program you're on same Facebook group reach out， connect。

 ask each other questions like okay， what are you up what are you doing， What are your projects。

 What are you working on。 you will be surprised， you will be 100% surprised what opportunities will come out of that？

 That's how I started。 I started I was a part of this public Facebook group， it's 200 people。

 and I was like， okay， is anybody making money online。

anybody doing anything because I'm broke I want to learn this。 I want to learn a skill set。

 I'm pretty good at， let's say this。 I want to learn that。 And a couple of guys reached out to me。

 one guy reached out to me and he was actually working with RSD and all of a sudden。

 I'm working in RD as well。 And it just blew up my whole life and totally the unexpected direction。

 like currently at the moment， I was supposed to be in a village earning like $300 a month and driving to work two hours and two hours back every day and living with my parents right So think about that for a second。

 And that just the fact that I made a couple of posts and I made myself just there and available。

 and I just pushed and pushed and pushed for connecting。

 I managed to get in a situation that I'm right now。

 And I think that every single person in this program is watching this。😊。

You're there You're at a point where you can just simply message people connect。

 Okay what are you up to。 Here's my skill sets。 What are your skill sets。 this is a mastermind。

 right， This is not like mar your mind， this is not Nick mind。 This is not anybody's mind。

 this is a mastermind group that you have on Facebook， for example。 Take advantage of that。

 share your thoughts。 you will be surprised when other people who are doing similar things they are like。

 oh yeah， I'm doing the same thing。 we're all thinking like we're unique sflakes。

 but there's always there's always someone who is actually doing a little bit one step of like one step ahead of us or someone is like oh yeah I'm doing something similar。

 let's connect let's share some ideas。 And I think that's the most powerful thing I can tell you because that's a catalyst if you have a red catalyst your life like change overnight。

 basically and's that's kind of my final thought here is that use the mastermind group like really think of it like as a mastermind group absolutely。

😊，I talk about the importance of mastermind groups。

Kind of like the dissemination of how a mentoring process appears and masterminds together really help you all the time。

 And we are very carefully looking at the Facebook and telegram group And over this next 12 weeks as we develop the interviews for the RSD mastermind group for the RSD instructors and RSC staff that we're interviewing as part of the master of my mentors。

 And so if you guys， especially those of you who are platinum members are gonna to be with us the entire three months。

 have questions and topics and ideas。 trust that we're looking at this and we'll be influencing a lot of our videos here within RSC founders Club。

 and their whole direction。 I'm going to be taking my own brand channel message and dissemination of RSD ideas and interests。

 So really stay in touch with me and stay active。 And Mario。

 thanks so much for taking time out of your day。 I know it's in the middle of night right now in Croatia。

 And I appreciate that， cheers。😊，Cheers。