# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第4周-RSD Luke（社交圈游戏）_Week 4 - RSD Luke (Social Circle Game)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey guys， we are here with RSD Luke， this is my home or in front of my kitchen in a living room。

 and I just want to welcome Luke。Thanks for coming。 really cool。 cheers。

 Yeah I just got back from Utah doing an interview earlier with Tucker Max。

 Luke just came back from Los Angeles interviewing a super high profile celebrity。

 He's really integrated with the social life in Los Angeles in Las Vegas and has cultivated the most amazing soul circle with massive skill and grace and I'd love for him to share with you guys some of the lessons he's learned just from being just an awesome guy。

 and the skill sets that you could learn just from modeling Luke in his soul circle and the skill set。

 So want me to start by talking to the guys who are kind of like wondering okay， yeah。

 there's this elite awesome soul circle。 But how do you really start from the beginning if you kind of just suck。

😊，Yeah， I mean， I was asked this yesterday actually， where a guys said。

 you know do how do you start to aspire to have that kind of lifestyle？

 And the first thing is actually aspiring to have it。 The first thing is motivating yourself。

 realizing that there is a better way to do things。

 There is a way to actually create game leverage game should be this high leverage thing where the more work you put into game the more expounding the results end up happening the more of a cascading effect results。

 the work I put into gaming today should help me a year from now。

 two years from now's just such a silly waste of time to me for every night you go out to be this garbage and garbage out one shot one kill kind of thing where everybody that you meet just kind of they either love you or hate you this massively polarizing approach I just felt like it was kind of wasting my time because I felt like wait。

 I'm having a lot of these good middle ground interactions with people。 but for some reason。

 I'm not really keeping in touch with them。 I'm not putting them into any sort of real logistical funnel of actually maintaining the relationship and building it over。

😊，Time and for me， I remember I read this it's kind of funny because now I go to all the Maxim parties。

 I read this I think it was a Maxim magazine a long time ago， and that was。

 I want to be the guy that all girls want， but also the guy that all guys want to be。

s it's immensely satisfying when you have a large social circle and you can just pluck from that social circle rather than having to every night go out to some new bar and some new bar area So that's kind of the big key there is realizing that there's this lifestyle that anyone can attain for themselves where you just have people you have a roster of people that are messaging you all of the time that are knocking on your door girls that are showing up your house。

Yeah， I feel you， you know， when I first got into going out and what have you was actually when I was like 12 years old because I was just passing out flyers for a nightclub and the owner of the bar let me hang out behind the scenes and I was seeing the regular people same college students all the time。

 I was 12。 But I still let me hang out there And I think what happened was I got so into that when I was in college。

 I was really good at throwing parties got me into pickup though although I had this opposite effect。

 know， I had this like amazing ability to develop a soul circle。

 I didn't know how to convert that soul circle into like a dating lifestyle。

 and I guess a lot of people would do the opposite。 how like the skill set to pick up girls。

 but I don't have develop an awesome soul circle。 background did you come from and how did you go through that process。

 Yeah I came from a background of really just having no real women in my life at all。

 I was coming from a tech background， I was a typical computer geek and then I realized I want to have just a ton of really attractive girls in my life and be dating them and sleeping with them So what I realized。

😊，That I definitely didn't really care about having this huge social circle right off the bat。

 it was a means to an end。 It was me getting girls into my life。

 It was wait if I'm gonna spend less time picking up girls trying to seduce them。

 I might as well also keep some of them in my life as I'm doing that。

 So for me was It wasn't really like this either or I didn't really look at it I'm either going to build the social circle or I'm going pick up women I merge the two together and realize that hey I'm be meeting women。

 I'm going the easier way to do this is having a good social circle。

 I use that as my way in order to meet women for I both at the same time because I wasn't having a lot it's kind of funny because I'm kind of an introvert who just is very expressive and ends up and I basically taught myself extrovert and really obnoxious going because I'm not that way I don't really draw my energy from being around a big group of people。

 So for me， I just realized that that's the lifestyle， really， that's an elite type of lifestyle。

 So if I want to achieve that elite type of lifestyle。

 I had to get over my own qualms not loving to be around。😊。

People naturally that's interesting because when you're around other people， you're just very。

 very rebose， you always has something to say you have like a charm and suave so I guess that's way interesting because for me。

 I honestly don't know if I'm an introverted extrovert also I play video games I prefer chilling at the same time I like the activity of throwing parties and what have you。

I know there's a lot of people who write books about how if you're an introvertted or extroverted supposed to act a certain way。

 But I don't really know if there's one particular style or a way to interact with people。

 I guess when you're interacting with people， What are you looking for in order to relate with them and develop that genuine connection。

 Yeah， so the first thing I do in cold approach pickup or building a social circle。

 It's really the same thing， which is building commonalities。

 So one of the first things I teach is to build comfort right off the bat and you do that by building massive commonalities and then diving deeper to those commonalities。

 commonality building to me is huge massive。 So whether I meet a guy or a girl。

 first I'm trying to establish is aggressive commonalities。 I'm not trying to impress them。

 I'm not trying to be flashy。 I'm just trying to instill a bunch of commonalities。

 know talking with you。 one of the first things that you'll find out is that you went to UW Mad。😊。

I didn't really。 don't think I enjoyed my time in Wisconsin the way that you did。

 But one of the first things you want to establish is do we have that in common。

 And then we can build upon that。 The conversation flows very naturally if you have something in common。

 Sam thing every you meet an attractive girl。 there's definitely interactions I've ran from open to mid game at least just off the commonality without really having to try to spark that much attraction。

 So you're meeting some cool guy or some high level high level male as well。

 just establishing those initial commonalities can carry you very far。

 The most common question I get from people that are trying to build that connection because I think naturally。

 a lot of people do want to build commonalities。 But even for me when I first got into this。

 There be a lot of girls are attractive But I just didn't have anything in common with them。

 What do you do for those situations。 Yeah， so basically one thing I tell guys is you know what you can you can't learn how to have this elite lifestyle or meet and attract really really high level girls very。

 very attractive girls without changing your own lifestyle right can a lot of guys last pickup up advice。

😊，As the question of you know， how do you， I live 90 minutes on a farm outside of town。

 How do I meet these women， What can I do， right And it's just interesting how many guys don't want to aspire and motivate themselves to realize that that's not really the lifestyle you want。

 You don't really want to have this lifestyle living 90 minutes away and then coming in and meeting girls and bringing them back to your basement 90 minutes away。

 your world Warcraft dungeon basically So you want to do is you want to realize that hey。

 sometimes you might have to change parts of your personality to gel with the types of people you're trying to align with right So what I do is I actually take up different events。

 Hobbies and interests of the people that I'm trying associate with。

 Can you give me an example of what an event hobby or interests is of like these kind of people or what kind of people you're looking to attract And then what are the kind of interests that you're talking about。

 totally So one example would be concerts I don't really naturally love going to concerts。

 I really don't care about too much。 that being said my target demographic goes to very specific concert venue and they're going to。

Concers throughout the year at this exact venue。 So one thing I decided to do is， he， you know。

 maybe I've been to judgmentals who just going to concerts and maybe I'll give it a go。

 So I just started going to about one concert a month。

 just to associate myself and align myself with the types of girl that I'm after the type of guys that I'm trying to try to network with。

 So basically just taking a really vested interest in the things that they're doing。

 I think sometimes people trying to make pickup in psychology too much about ourselves。

 How do we feel about the interaction， How do we build state。

 how do how are we trying to actually enjoy ourselves when we're out in reality。

 I think we lose sight of the fact that's another person there that's the person that we need to if somebody feels better about themselves when they' around you。

 they're gonna want to keep being around you。 So I like to make pickup very outward and really just make sure that the people in my life are taking care of。

 that's the girl I just met， I want to make sure that she's having a good fun time。

 and then the pickup goes way easier rather than me focusing on myself。

 Sure I was talking to a girl recently about what she finds as those things that are most important for a healthy relationship。

 And she was saying， yes having that commonality。Having that interest， having maybe the same hobbies。

 but also being interested in their hobbies。 And I guess your elaboration would be really just trying to figure out what it is。

 I think that having not necessarily like a desire to actually just get into that。

 but actually the knowledge from how participate in various things give you a broad range of communication topics So even if you don't appreciate what they're doing as much as they having that genuine curiosity showing that you're interested makes you more interesting to the other people that you're interacting with completely I think a lot of people lose sight of that that if if your goal to hang out with said person then and you're not currently hanging out with that person。

 you're gonna need to change some things about yourself in order to have a genuine relationship with that person the interests and hobbies that that person has I think a lot of times in the pickup community just look at partying as the main way to do it in reality。

 going to a nightclub with somebody is's about the worst way to bond with them I mean it's so loud。

 It's dark' a much better place to bond them is in the daytime。Throwing your own parties。

 throwing in your own events。 I think another thing guys don't understand is when we say throw a party at an event。

 just even some of the stories that you and I talk about talk back and forth about。

 it's very clear that， you know we have a similar idea in that definition of a party event。

 It doesn't need to be this massively well thought out planned thing you're pouring over for six months and then just throw one huge batch I mean。

 sometimes those are like that and those are fun。 But if you aren't throwing any events right now period。

 then just do some consistent regular thing that people know that you're going to be doing。

 like every Wednesday， I throw a very similar party at the same venue。

 And people know that last night， we had 20 girls there。

 know I pulled two girls two of my clients pulled two girls total。

 So I think it was about five total polls from the venue。

Purely because and we did like it was super low energy。 We didn't put any work in。

 And the whole reason was because we just go to that venue。

Over and over and over again on the exact same day。 But I mean， I think I showed up at like 1，45。

 Like， there was no extensive planning that happened。

 The only planning is what's called mere exposure effect。

 Well the more times you expose yourself to somebody， the more traction you're gonna have to them。

 So because we're at that exact same spot at the exact same club on the same day every week。

 Girl just know that it's gonna to be a fun time that's there。

 they anchor that fun time to that exact spot。 and they just continually show up。😊，Yeah。

 I I used to do something very similar。 It was on Sunday， though。 It was like a Sunday Sunday。

 but I had a way cool name。 I can't remember what it was thinking about marins where single time we went out。

 wed try different marinis or different wines we would just go hopping from place to place to place from bars in the park Yeah get hopping。

 we just get one drink go to the next bar and get another one。

 but itll be same kind was wine or beer or sake or maris or whatever。 And it like a fun。

 unique thing that we used to do literally every week。 It was for unlimited amount of time。

 I can't even remember how many we were doing。 But yeah。

 we had a lot of really awesome girls and it would just be an amazing experience。

 But a lot of people don't realize how simple it could actually be。

 I've also had the time where you do spend a whole month organize these elaborate parties month。

 But that's a toy different ball game。 It's not deep and meaningful。 nowadays， prefer those， groups。

 mean imagine Wednesday probably not like hundreds of people like a dozen or two that is less work and。

😊，Meaningful right I mean， we have it's about two dozens。

 about or four or five guys that show up at about 20 girls that show up every Wednesday and it's a lot。

 I mean， it's every Wednesday people are pulling every Wednesday people are networking。

 the net worth of that tables and the tens of millions of the guys that tooth between two and six guys the casually show throughout the night they're all extremely successful and then they just pop their leave the girls know that they want to show up the girls want to know that the guys that are there are going be pretty crazy and fun。

 I mean the sides buddies are spraying champagne throughout the night it's just the interesting's Wednesday night。

 It's not like the club is just raging throughout the rest of the club。

 It's kind just on on our spot。 So I mean it's the best part about it is I actually do zero work to set up。

 I actuallylist a couple buddies who organize the entire thing for me I just show up the benefits of it and then I don't even make text to the people to show up。

 they do that for us。 So mean it's one of those things for example。

 when you're inviting thousands of people。😊，Back in the day。

 you weren't necessarily personally messaging every single person。

 You have these connectors that that you involve and you kind of layer it forward Yeah I did both actually I mean。

 there used to be a phone I had wasnt like I think it was a blackberry phone people don't use these anymore。

 But back in the day， they had a button you push selected all a certain kind of group groups certain kinds of girls you wanted to invite certain of just create that group just send one text message and hits that group I don't know if phone could to do that I feel like a Blackberry was made for the guy who's trying to build a social。

 every nightcl promoter a blackberryries to this this still have becauseed to that so I used to do that and just send text message just 200 keep growing certain kind of girls certain kinds of list if you wanted to have more intimate gatherings put on that more exclusive list and just like build from there I think a lot of people who might not have this kind really locked down。

😊，Awesome soul circle or wondering， yeah， you're talking about hanging out these elite venues。

 the most elite part of those elite venues， hanging out these most elite people in the most elite part。

 most venues in the most elite cities。 But they're wondering， well。

 look what am I doing to build my soul circle， I'm an trying to hit the field totally what do you say to the guy has $20 in his pocket。

 the thing only has  one would say that I'm not spending money mean' extremely I see most guys on normal night couple than am So it's not about what aligning and the right people and doing abitrage So value arbitrage is you sit here's thing guys have to understand you're not gonna be spending the money have to value of some sort and the cool thing thats can do can the value organizing all puzzle pieces together value。

of way。 So the way that you value arbitrage is the ultimate value arbitrage is you realize that you don't need to be the person that's actually supplying the girls。

 the money， the club connections。 you can just put those people together and then reap the benefits of of the event。

 So what I like to tell people is just stop making pickup about yourself make pick about the people that you're talking to and do what's called people collecting。

 So collect every person that you meet and put them into some categories。

 whether it's with an old school Blackberry phone or spreadsheet or whatever you have to do you put these different people these categories。

 you have these different influencers。 you have nightclub owners， restaurant owners， retail workers。

 retail owners， Ho girls， you have to kind of put these if you don't have anybody in your life right now。

 come up with these different categories and put the people into the categories。

 it's kind of like orvis even if you don't necessarily have the employees for the job。

 you set up what the perfect organizational chart would actually be and then you end up fulfilling that throughout your time and business。

 that same thing is true with different connectors make。Pos every night I go out。

 I try to meet restaurant owners。 I try to meet bartends。

 I try to meet anybody that's what's in the industry。

 So what you do is if you only have the $20 in your pocket。

 go out and meet as many people as possible and get their contact details period don't think about what can that person do for me and why would I want to network with that person。

 Everybody I meet either exchange business cards。 I have them text me their info a lot people have what's a v card。

 which is like a virtual business card basically and sends you and populates right into your contact list。

 so I don't discriminate against what types of people can either help me or what's in it for me。

 I'm really going through life thinking， how can I introduce this every person I meet I'm thinking can help this make more money。

 how can I introduce them to somebody that's going align them and a better career。

 how can I meet people and then introduce them to potentially their future spouse。

 how can introduce them and maybe I meet some cool guy I'm thinking hey I' what type of girls do you like I'm taking a vested interest in them I like out you trying to pimp it you out just kind relaxing And if they say that they're out here try to meet girls。

 immediately I look to my right I to my left and I see if I can grab a girl。

uce them to that guy because I'm trying to continually just layer the value that I'm adding and I'm trying to stack the value favor significantly in their favor。

 meaning that I'm trying to contribute tenfold value to every person that I'm meeting because I know that eventually it's kind of like a joint venture business eventually that one that builds huge social circle for you might not even be one that you thought was going build that way because you've added so much value to these different people。

 you really only need that one big person to just contribute a value to your life to make it it。

 And then you kind of going through life in a very positive way where you're trying to just help as many people as possible。

 So the2y hours in your pockets kind in a relevant thing because most these people that you're meeting they don't really the irony is the people that you want to be meeting are probably wealthy themselves。

 So they're not really looking for as Po sometimes we feel like the world is kind of beat us down So're kind like very skittish about people maybe take advantage。

 and you have to realize the elitist level of people you're trying to meet to get into venues。

 free tickets to things to really build your。Soal circleircle。

 they don't really need anything from you。 They don't really need you to spend any money unless you want to right So what you're doing is you have to find how do you add value to them in a different way entirely。

 Most of my friends are significantly more wealthy than I am significantly So me they're not really looking for me as the guy who's going to contribute that much funds to things instead of they're looking at me is how is looking to make us feel。

 What are the commonalities that we have。 What are the excitement that's going create。

 my main Facebook profile picture right now is a drill that I do in Vegasmersion。

 which is we call it the table drill where you can walk into a venue。

 not know anybody and then get networked into a bottle service area where they're very excited to have you。

 And one thing that I do is I'll walk straight up to a nightclub table and I'll say hey。

 what's up table neighbor that does it implies that you might have a table in the area then what ends up happening lowers the risk level and lowers their walls so that they bring you into their group And then I'll proceed to take the bottle of alcohol pour into their mouth。

 whoevers the main whoever's the main nightclub owner and have one of their friends。😊。

Take a picture of it。 So then then I'll set the bottle down。

 So they're laughing because it's kind of an obnoxious thing to do in the nightclub。

 but it's still not that risky。 It's not that risky。 It's pretty simple to do。

 but then I get their friend to take a photo of it。

 So now they have a photo within seconds of meeting me。

 they have a photo of me and them together sharing an experience that most of their current friends aren't probably giving them anyway letting' cost me any money。

 that just took a little bit of gregariousness。 the more gregarious that you can be。

 the bigger your social circle is going to be。 For example。

 what I mean by gregarious is who knows that person is going receive that very well or not。 Well。

 I know that 8% of the time the person is going just excited I'm trying to pour the allk to their mouth and I'm hyping up the table。

 Well， that's a time that if you want to make people feel like if you aren't there that they're gonna like something's missing。

 So I'm adding that much value by giving them the shot and then helping them out and getting the photo taken。

 it's a very memorable thing of how I'm adding value to that person that in a way that money couldn't even buy you。

😊，Yeah， I think that's an awesome drill。 I think that even me。

 I've had similar more experiences where I'd go to London just walk up to the tables and talk to them just because it's a very interesting social experiment。

 I didn't really think about as a strategy at the time。

 I was just thinking you know what people at the table。

 Its a guy and the girl not even talking to each other。 Let's just walk up talking to them。

 I coincidey was the owner of the club。 later on the nine hour later。

 other people started joining in and introduced me to people who had other tables。

 Other times I represented myself as an industry person。 Now in an industry I was kind of a promoter。

 but not really a promoter I was promoting the club。 I didn't get money from it。

 I was just walking to people and say hey I'm a promoter and I'd be promoting a club because I'd be texting my social circle。

 my cold approachach leads。 the girls I met and other guys from the industry that I met who are also being real promoters and said。

 hey I'm promoting this event tonight。 It's going be the hottest thing in town。

 And then I basically would use that say， hey I'm a promoter。

 I was just doing as a hobby It was a hobby that allowed me to kind of turn from a promoter person who was then doing it for tables and doing to a private house parties and doing it。

😊，For movie Cs and then eventually the Playbo mansion。

 But I guess it was just kind of like building up and building up and building up。

 And it was kind of just starting from scratch。 And you know。

 it's kind of just framing it in a unique way because of that sense。

 you just framed a situation where it is true， but you're representing the situation as more like a social thing Yeah And I think that one of the interesting things that you do really well that you look at situations that are you know of like full of like this hyped up energy。

 but you turn it into what it is that you're hypping it up how are you actually doing that like what are you doing to make that actually happen Yeah。

 so I think what you're referring to is a situation that maybe isn't hyped up。

 I'm hyping it up and then exactly like a self- fulfillfiling prophecy almost Yeah well that's because what I kind of realized is everyone just wants something else to do other than what they're currently doing which is kind of a funny thing in nightclubs you go up to people in the nightclub and they're all just talking about what are they going to do next No one's ever just really enjoying。

😊，That current moment of what they're doing。 Everyone。

 you go up to any attractive girl and they're like all right we afterparting。

 You go up you up to some cool guy And he's like are we gonna go eat after this or you go up to some industry people and they're like。

 yeah have to go to another table to visit somebody else then we have to see a friend at the bar。

 No one's ever like this exact thing that we're doing right now let's just keep doing this all night。

 It's kind of crazy there's exceptions。 a lot of can try this they can just go to table or go up to some a group of people at a bar。

 start talking them and you'll realize very quickly whatever social group once they're all together。

 people don't want to just stay there。 they want to do some other activity with that togetherness So what I've realize is if I can just show people how to have an amazing time just what they're currently doing。

 they give me massive value credit for that and want to keep hanging out with me and then take me under their wing So I call it creating the U Army。

 So when you create the you Army right you'd be creating the Nick Army that is creating a group of guys and girls are specifically types of people you want in your life who then put a lot of work for you way to。

😊，I do what I call meta gameme where you're kind of gaming above the level where it's like me going to the club last night So I got two makeouts and I pulled a really pretty French girl with Puerto Rico girl I pulled both of them was one girl is my primary and other girl is a girl that we' never met before and I pulled them we didn't say the words to them it was purely the value that we had with these other people that I created this fun time with that brought into my life all these other girls that we created because throughout the night I'm hypping things up I'm being very loud。

 I'm singing the songs that are playing I make sure that every environmental condition is in a way that's going to easily let me impact their life So with this French girl。

 I literally just every time there was a hip hop song on， I just kept saying the words。

 asking if she knew the words one thing I like to do I have a bunch of gimms that I do so this thing where I'll take a bunch of straws standing either a table area or a high value area at the bar or another area or these people come together and I'll just start putting different straws into each other。

And create this one long straw。 And then as girls walk by or when a girl's like trying to order something from the bar。

 once she sets her drink down， with the people that I'm already at。

 I'll kind look at them and shush them and then I'll take the drink and I'll just drinking the persons drink dry。

 And then once the girl sees that I'm just drinking drink completely dry。

 There's about a two second flip out she like what are you doing I can't think you're doing that。

 And then immediately after that they always like that's the coolest thing I've ever seen show'll get in And we're stealing drinks from people at the bar。

 And if you're really comfortable stealing the drink you can just pretend to do get a very similar reaction。

 rarely is the person just super offended it。 usually it's a fun activity。

 Another thing we used to do is take our belts off and hand it to a we're interested in and have them do limbo underneath our belt。

 So a big part of my dance floor game is literally this huge circle。

 people's gonna be like a dance throw break dance circle kind type of thing。

 but I don't know how to dance all。 So what I do is belt。

 And all of a sudden we huge dance floor excess doing limb。😊。

Underneath the belt to the point where sometimes I I've had big famous DJs。

 I had Scrix one time stop the thing because we're doing the first night actually met him。

 was the first night he'd ever performed at surrender。

 He stopped for about 10 seconds than his entire set and goes， what do you guys doing with the belt。

 And then we just scream。 We're doing the limbo。 it was pretty funny And then I mean it's not a huge meats。

 but it's pretty funny that was some verbal communication with Srix。

 because of a belt did he say What did he say after you said we were doing the limbo。

 He said keep it up and he just started playing I ended up doing a shot with him at rhino the strip club about four or five hours later he didn't really remember but I told him about the belt。

 like the belt people Its pretty funny。 So as quirky as it sounds。

 it's a hook that's something that most people probably won't see doing the straw trick doing the belt bit all these different gambits that you're doing that add a lot of stories to people's lives they wouldn't have had otherwise。

 So when you do these different things， That's why your theme parties are so cool。😊。

You that's one thing that I'm trying to incorporate a lot more as well。

 because it's when you have the belt or you have the straw trick or you have the theme parties。

 it's a hook， it's a hold， it's a stickiness that people want to be a part of。That's great。 I mean。

 it's like the next level of the old Wisconsin games are like beerpong and darts。

 but you're doing something creative and fun。 and I love that innovation。

 know having like betting games or drinking games of any kind I think are always like unique things that's one of the cool things I liked about just the social circle game of even just trying to connect people because I used to just sit in the bar or club when I was just not knowing how to do cold approach I would just look around people and you're wondering we're in a bar club or drinking were socialized。

 I could do this even if I'm not in the bar just my friend at home Why am I here。

 what am I doing what's the purpose me staying out so late at a bar for hours and and So you have to create innovative things。

 you do cold approach pickups， you could play the connecting game。

 you could just walk up and do random social experiments like we were talking about with VP tables or I think just having like activities to do in the bar get the social environment。

 social club just fun things that are out of the box other people just arent doing this you look at the club99% of the people are just kind of staying in social circle。

😊，used to call like the chde crystals like a bunch of chdes they form together like just get tighter and tired and they form a crystal。

 he to break the crystal。 he used to say all the time。

 But I think that you're doing it in such a unique way that creates that flash spark It's very memorable。

 Yeah， I love that。 Yeah， I mean， flash is such a big part of it because a lot of guys like to resist building a big social circle the main reason they're not hooking with girls from the social circle And the other main reason I is that they're intimidated to spend that long period of time with people because if you're not social already。

 it can be intimidating tell yourself to actually make valid friendships with these people It can feel like it's a lot more time consuming than a traditional cold I understand the thing understand what you said。

 which is you should do it all。 game can be just too challenging at the beginning without just trying all of it and seeing where it fits into your life。

 For example， the best combination of things that I've done is build a huge social circle and cold approach off of that social circle。

😊，I have some of the best state I've ever seen of anybody because in every city I traveled to。

 I know people。 people every time they come to Vegas are hitting me up。

 I'm just always being told about really fun， interesting things to do and I always have a group of people around me。

 if I go into any nightclub alone I don't even have wingman。

 I don't really I don't ever go to a night。 I think that's kind of silly almost I don't go into a nightclub with my wingman and say。

 all right well， there's a two set over there。 let's go approach that two set。

's about it's just such a low value thing to do。 guys who are're actually crushing in their cities。

 they're not going out with their buddy telling themselves are gonna go walk up to two random girls and go talk to them。

 right just is not a conducive way to get the really attractive girls in your city。

 much more attractive a much more opportunistic approach is to go into that club even if you don't have any people around you。

 build a base set。 that base set allows you to actually create an interaction with people。

 cool guys attractive girls where they want you to stay there。

 The base set doesn't need to be the most attractive girls in the club。

 It's just needs to be a group of。😊，They're very receptive to you。

 And then let's say that that's the only social stuff you want to do Col approach off of that base set and come back to that group of people that are they you'd never have to worry about building state which ends up being silly concept if you create these base sets because you always are in a good mood。

 You always have people that are cheering you on always have people that are trying to buy you drinks。

 always have people that are telling you good positive things。

 It's very easy stay in state throughout the night when you don't have that negativity of trying to think the game has to be this sniper approach。

 I remember that I was in a club in Toronto。 And I didn't really know anyone。 I was by myself。

 And I saw two beautiful girls dancing on the dance floor。 It wasn't like super loud or anything。

 And there was some tall like typical stereotypical G looking dudes like just chilling with each other in like nice fancy suits。

 So I walked over to one of the guys said hey come with me。

 someone wants to really meet you pushed them into the girl who I thought was attractive。

 But the girl I wanted to talk to。 was for talk to me and she was like， hey that was really smooth。😊。

Start talking。 and it was it was awesome。 I think little things like that All you to kind build soul circles from scratch。

 Yeah And I see you doing it all the time。 And you're just a master that I think it's awesome。

 I guess one of the things that a lot of students will say to me is that they're worried about getting caught in that friend zone circle。

 And youre building these soul circles the same time what is the line the cross or not cross to like avoid being stuck in that kind of permanently totally I mean。

 that's a valid concern because a lot of maybe have female friends maybe set your sight on some's a friend of yours you accidentally got friend zone over time because you never pulled the trigger the thing about the friend zone is always tell guys if you show in friend zone。

 I can get you hooking with their dating sleeping friendend zone is a place that I like that I like to be if you choose to be in it friendend zone is an amazing thing that I like to go up to and tell them nonstop that just can't find a girl in this club can you help me And then I end up walking around and I' saying that' to my target because what you're is you justqu。

😊，her from actually dating New It's an old school pickup concept called disqualification。

 We need justqualify to girl right off the bat and call the girl sister。

 right Most of the girls in my life， I'm like， oh come on， sister， let's get over it。

 let's go do this other thing。 What it's is it's telling her it's friends owning her before she has this actual chance to friends zone me。

 So friends zone is amazing if you're putting the girls in the friend zone because it's very easy to be sexual and be suggestive to then break out of the friend zone You want to understand that the more attractive the girl and the more high status the girl actually is less physical escalation that she actually wants。

 the more attractive the girl is that's the reason why they're in these VP tables。

 they're in this private event areas very attractive high selfesteemed girl does not want a random guy came up to her and physically escalating on her。

 what girls call that they call that groping they don't want to randomly just be touched by God。

 It's just kind of a silly concept to think about it just walk to randomly start physically escalating。

 I think that's something that in the pickup community has gotten a little bit too exaggerated。

 this ability of just knoing or touching the girl that they don't even know。😊，Into seduction process。

 I think a much more effective approach is to withhold the physical escalation and they'd be extremely verbally suggestive。

 So when you talk in a very crass way。 Julia and I have run a bunch of sets together。

're' for 50% of the interaction， we're both flirting with the girl as if as if him and I are are gay and are trying to just end up putting it up at this girl and a in between us for half the interaction these aren't party girls that we're making these jokes I think that one was a lawyer with executive from an oil and gas company。

 we're making these jokes too， So if if you're physically hands off。

 but you're extremely verbally suggestive to the girl， there's noant。

 there's no risk of you not pulling the trigger at a certain point I have a motto that' the best the best location to pick up a girl is at the corner of 4 AM。

 meaning if you' heard the last man standing you're the one that she's gonna want to sit on you're the she's gonna want to be that she's gonna want to be with right So what you do is even if you think about this if a girl's back of your place。

At 4 AM where the chances something sexual is gonna happen。 It's extremely high。

 So if you can just build a situation where you actually get that girl back to your place at 4 AM。

 there's a good chance something's gonna to happen even if it's a friend zone situation because that happens all the time where girls escalate on a guy at 4 AM in his bed when she didn't realize that something was going to happen just because you aligned yourself into that situation。

 So what guys have to realize is you don't have to be so polarizing right off the bat of getting blown or blown out of the like loving you right off the bat or not loving you off the bat you can go in friend zone。

 every girl that you meet and build the attraction equity throughout the interaction using disqualification of breaks and rapports throughout the set So when you're building the social circle。

 I wouldn't really have a social circle， I wasn't using it to try to hook up with girls。

 I really wouldn't be bill it for any other reason。

 So what I do is I build this social circle by friends own all these girls。

 but I'm extremely sexually suggestive with all of them。

 every single one of them knows that there's a good chance that they're gonna hook up with me that they're gonna hook up with each other。

 they know that they' the social circle event。I going to happen， but there's 100% of the time。

 there's some after after party back at my place where sex is going to happen。

 I show I'm showing them photos of my bar。 I'm showing photos of them I'm showing photos of them of my stripperpo。

 I'm showing photos I'm showing videos of girls hooking up with each other。 my living room couch。

 So when I'm showing them all of these I'm showing them photos of girls hooking up in my bed I'm when I'm being that sexual and I'm lay in the middle that's just kind of the lifestyle that I live a younger happener basically type lifestyle。

 then they all just realize that， well， no we're friends with each other。

 but something sexual could happen in real world， situations and mainstream culture。

 friends hook up each other all the time。 The bartender ends up hooking up with the cockx to waitress and the accountant ends up hooking up with his assistants。

 best friend these are how these things just kind of happen in mainstream world。

 So by bringing it into pickup。 you can actually look at friends zoning as massive rapport。Yeah。

 I noticed that in dating like longterm dating， you also need that comfort interest and rapport else。

 you're not gonna have that basis as the foundation。 However。

 the utter risk you have is that you will just caught in that overly nice guy friends I mean。

 a girl is like nice guys， but I guess at the same time。

 I guess what's say you're dating a girl multiple times。 I know a lot of old school P A theory says。

 if you're not st with this girl super fast， you're kind of screwed at the same time。

 you could have a situation where it's not the case。

 I guess what's your views on like those times situation where like you might be seeing a girl similar to your soul short or you're seeing your one on one multiple times and you have this obvious interest and intent if you want to hook up with this girl but at the same time。

 you're not sure if it's going to happen like what do you say to a guy who's in that situation。

 Yeah I mean if telling me he's not sure it's going happen。

 But I'm telling when he's doing the wrong thing because if you know the actual roadmap from A to Z。

 then he shouldn't have the confidence to be able to follow that roadmap。

 So what I mean is if you're seeing this girl multiple times and you're showing a lot of intent。

Inest with the girl。 Then yeah， you should be hooking up with her as soon as possible。

 You want you want from the time that you show intent to the time that you actually sleep with the girl to be as short as possible because what ends up happening is if if you show a lot of intent and then you let hours go by or days go by she ends up wondering why you're not pulling the trigger。

 And then the attraction goes down。 So when I say friends these girls。

 I'm talking about in group settings I'm talking about not showing massive direct interest。

 But here's the thing I want to separate in the pickup community。

 I would love to separate intent versus sexualization because intent of interest is something that I want to withhold as long as possible will still be very。

 sexual because if I'm withholding my interest what that's telling's causing her to actually play the cat string theory with me's causing to pull with me。

 It's causing her to actually participate in the game process， which is what's。

 I want her to buy into the game process。 So if if I just tell her that I'm interested in right off the bat。

 And then I wait， then actually pull the trigger and try to close her。

 try to get intimate with her But all what's going end up is she's going to lose confidence in me。

 She's gonna to lose respect for。😊，Because she knows that I'm interested。

 but she's wondering why I'm not pulling the trigger。

I guess the other theory that I wanted to also talk about are those situations where you have a girl that hypothetically is interested in actually like dating you and establishing a long term relationship and I sure a lot of the typical PAs are like。

 oh what the hell are you talking about why are you're sitting that kind of thing but like why would you ever want that？

I mean， I'm a married guy， But I mean， you imagine like those situations where you have those girls that you know。

 are interested in dating。 I know that some Ps have that old school believe that you shouldn't be like taking girls out for like nice dinners and dates and stuff like that。

 I'm totally cool at that because I'm not trying to get anything out of it。

 I'm not being in this situation 100% at the at the same time。

 one of the things that might happen is you have a situation where a girl。

 I guess might be potentially withholding sex because she's just trying to like lock you into relation。

 Have you seen things like that。 I mean， I I've heard the concepts。 The problem for me is this。

 I have these two list of things I have a list over here that says things guys who actually get laid and then a bunch of things that they do。

 I have another list over here， which is things that guys who aren't getting laid And it's a list of things that they do。

 And I just try to stand this list as much as possible right And the typical cool guys that are friends of mine I don't like that word cool。

 but the cool guys that are friends of mine that I see the natural a lot of Ps called。😊。

Who are hook up with two， three girls a week。 they are taking girls out to dinners。

 They are doing dinner in a movie。 but they're doing everything else right as well。

 If you think that taking girls on nice dinners then doing date like activities with those girls。

 if that's what's stopping your PA success。 then you have other problems right So I think' I think it's actually an insecurity of guys when they say not to date a girl I think it's an in of them they're too anxious that they can't build the relationship about with somebody that they actually like most of the naturals that I know are buying dinners for all their friends。

 it's a race who can pick up the bill first。 there's they same in my group。 Yeah。

 they don't really look at it like play credit card roulette they're not really trying to do the whole I it's take her mentality to say that you trying to buy the girl dinner or seeing building that rapport multiple times is going stop you from actually having success with the girl。

 it's coming from the wrong place。When they say those things， know obviously。

 you want to be cautious of people just trying to take advantage of you。

 And the easiest way that I've found to do that is I do things in groups。 For example。

 I'm really going to just take one girl out for dinner。 Even I'm just interested in that one girl。

 I'm at least going to have her bring her friends。 Im I'm going to make it as social as possible。

 I think a lot of pickup artist they overuse this term called isolation but they're just trying to isolate the girl from all their friends It something I've been teaching a lot over the past year is don't isolate at all just keep the thing as social as possible because they're gonna to respect that and see that you're a very socially acute male and then they're going to give you a lot of credit for that because to try to take someone away from their group of friends and do anything with them one on one is just kind of antisocial in the first place。

 So if you're confident that you can still pull that girl and kind of a Pa sense。

 even if you're with their friends it builds massive attraction。

 Now what I've found is that that's actually a lot more beneficial than trying to capture the girl and isolate her。

 it's a lot more beneficial to do things。Group settings because then it's very easy I have an abundant mentality。

 if you have abundance I'll even tell girls I'm taking a girl to eat most of my food dates are sushi oriented or Indian food oriented just because I love Indian food and I can a lot of girls haven't experience that So I'll show them that right for me it' for me。

 it's a matter of I'll take people out to eat or I'll engage with them in that kind of more downtime activity。

 if I feel like there's a good value exchange of enjoyment of just being around each other。

 then I'll do those kinds of activities。 I think guys need to realize that if you enjoy here's the thing if you don't enjoy going out to eat。

 then you probably shouldn't be taking people out to eat。

 you probably shouldn't be taking girls out to eat。 But if food is a big part of your life。

 for me it definitely is every time I eat， I'm trying to eat with other people because it just is a very intimate social thing to do with somebody So I think the Pos who are saying don't ever take girls out to eat。

 I think they're a little bit skewed。 I think I think they're a little bit insecure about potentially maybe building out a long proper relationship with that person。

😊，And I like the idea of the group dynamics。 And I guess one of the things that I think most people forget is the power of that。

 And I think it's really cool you brought that up。 I also know that everyone naturally talk about how you should get that one on one because you got one on one if you're gonna be hooking up with her。

 Yeah I guess the balance is's trying to figure out what you want to do and you're going do that roadmap that you're talking about。

 Yeah I think thing to understand just because're going identify ourselves as pickup artists or game guys or whatever you want to call yourself I think the thing to understand is there's another group of people out there who are having success I mean。

 every one of our parents have had game success at least once every one of our dads were able to do what we're trying do at least once because we're here I think the thing to understand is there is an entire sometimes we don't need to have this huge separation what game guys do and what real worldor mainstream guys are doing we're quick to judge them and say。

 that's working for him because of this or this other guy has success because he's tall because of。😊。

His job or because of his jacket that he's wearing know。

 people are very quick sometimes to give reasons on why someone's have a success instead of have what's called suspension of disbelief and then think that maybe that concept can work for us。

 I have multiple role models in my life that I'm always trying to steal different ideas from and learn from。

 I feel like's at some point in your life。 should be mentoring somebody and you should be mentored by somebody。

 I like to take that and exaggerate a little bit and I like to come up with different guys in my city that're having the type of lifestyle that I'm after and then I like to aggressively do the things that they're doing。

 even if it goes against kind what I'm doing。 So for example， clothing。

 I think a lot of guys don't want to change their clothing because they think that it's attached their identity of some sort or they want to keep being themselves。

 I feel like yourself is a very fluid concept。 I don't really want to ever be myself because I want to just keep evolving and getting better and better。

 So guys that have the social circles that I'm after guys that have the lifestyle that I'm after。

 I'll have a massive suspension of disbelief。 even I think that what they're doing isn't gonna help。

Me， it doesn't hurt me to try it。 I'm not going to judge the idea or the concept of a potential role model ahead of time instead I'm just going。

 hey， you know what， if this guy is doing these five things and he's having tremendous results。

I'm not gonna say those five things aren't going work for me。 I'm just gonna do it。

 I'm just gonna try those things。 And if one of those five things works。

 I'll keep doing that one thing and ditch the other four。 The other thing about your dating life。

 which is really unique。 And I know you're giving advice to our mutual friend Mike about is threesome。

 could you talk about how that's influenced in how you are actually organizing that because I think one of the things is you're also doing all these group dynamics group dating because you're really into that。

 And you're good at it。 Yeah， I mean， for me for me its this I'm not really I definitely consider myself a relationship kind of guy。

 But then I always my pickup was very same night oriented。 And for about four years。

 was was pretty much just say nights。 And then I realized that then I realized that the more people that you meet。

 Youre really meeting quality people out there。 So for me。

 I can never be monogamous for rest of my life's no way I'll be monogamous But if I still meet girls that I think have a lot of really good energy back and forth between me and them。

😊，Keep them in my life。 and then but' I'm never gonna stop selfproing。

 I'm never gonna stop the game and that's because they go out and do the recruiting right where they'll go out and help you So the easiest way to get consistent threes or four sums or five sums is to or other orgy type activity is to get at least one girl on board with you and then going out and then meeting other girls。

's that's a way to have threes seven days a week if you want。

 I probably have between at peak I have two， three sums a week2，3， three sums a week。

 And then I have minimum to a month at absolute minimum。

 that's only if I'm traveling a lot or something。 how are you gauging the level of adventurousness these girls how because I imagine that there's not like there's a certain percentage of girls that won't do this。

 And I think that's probably a lot of girls I mean， but I mean。

 there definitely are girls that are doing And obviously But I guess how are you gauging the this whos not so the way that I actually achieve that is I don't gauge either way。

 I just tell myself 100% of girls are down for it。 So if I tell myself that and again。I think it's。

 I think at least 75% of women are into it。 but they just haven't been brought into it is the way that I look at it。

 I could do it whole I could do a whole product just on threesome game。 I mean it's normal game。

 but in a much different framework because what you do is once you realize and tell yourself that every girls into it。

 then what you're doing is you're more open to making that happen。

 even if I'm just talking to one girl it's just a one on one kind of setting I just meet her in a nightcl bar setting and maybe her friend is over there。

 I'm going try to get them to escalate on each other rather than me doing an escalation。

 this whole thing got started because I realize that thirdpart physical escalation was way better than me trying to verbally escalate with the girl because what it does is it puts too much pressure on the situation whereas the sexual energy is really just kind of in the air。

 It's just kind of around us So if I get the girl that I'm talking to to make out with her friend even if then I don't like the friend。

 it's very easy then for me to then make out with the girl that I'm talking to and then pull her home after that。

 because it's still create that sexual energy。 whereas if I just try to go and get that kiss early on anything。

 we're talking three，56 minutes in。😊，Then what ends up happy is it's me putting all this pressure on her making her to make these decisions and choices。

 So I like to do is if the girl's not willing to even kiss her best friend or her friend。

 then she's not really down for the threesome either So usually do physically escalating as much as possible on each other。

 And that is the gauge。 That is the litmus test in and of itself So what it is the act of proper threesome gaming is the test to see if they're down for it anyway Does sense。

 Yeah， makes sense。 I mean you're kind of creating a situation where it feels like they have to do it because this's friendly interaction don't want to。

 could be taboo doing another guy not as sex exactly because's not like the expectation of sex。

 at the same time， I guess a girl It could be a friend thing might escalate And that's the cool thing as girls。

 I mean with guys when we get a kiss from a girl's like we got a clothes where's like this very taker kind of concept。

 And for us， it's like we almost leveled up in a video game。

 It' a0 to 100% with a girl getting a kiss is like 30% or。😊，It's this achievement award。

 We've unlocked some new character or something， right， Whereas a girl， women look at it。

 like they have all these different types of kisses。 They have pet kisses， friend kisses。

 they're they're much more less judgmental and free flowing with their emotions。

 So when a girl kisses another most girls have kissed I've never met a girl who hasn't at least Peck kissed their friend。

 the interesting thing is as you're having them kiss their friend and then escalate on their friend。

 What is up happening is very， very quickly， the friendly stuff turn sexual because the second that the act is done。

 They realize that they just did it。 And then they'll giggle they'll kind laugh and my job is just to keep this together。

 What I actually have these different things that I say to girls like I mean ends up getting pretty graphic。

 I use a lot of flash game and threesome game because I can just keep the volleyball in the air。

 meaning the more I can just get them to turn to each other。

 I'll take their hands and escalate on each other。 And I'm just like this。

 sometimes I'll just going I'm not even here。 I don't even know what's happening。

 I don't even know what's going on。 then as it's progressing， I'll say。

 hey this is all about YouTube。 I'm not even a part of this。 But I am a part of it。😊。

I'm the glue that's holding it together。 So what I do is a lot of guys when they go for threesomes。

 they try to make it all about themselves for me， I'll make it completely about the girls。

 I'll even sometimes stand two feet away because I'm the one that's pushing them together。

 I'm the one that's driving us home's my apartment。 I'm it's my bed。

 So sometimes' even set up where the two girls they're not even attracted me。

 I'm not going part of it。 the two girls hook up with each other。

 and then well I'm there I then end up hook with both of them and then they end up being extremely attracted to me because I'm the one that held the whole thing together。

 Yeah， makes total sense。 interesting because to me you have this really interesting game and involved moving pieces of all sorts of people when you're interacting with you partner in crime。

 for example， are you letting the other girls every single time that you have a partner in crime or also doing this sometimes of like covertly or discrely。

 Yeah， so every time that I'm so I have an interest in setup。

 I have one main girl and then I have multiple then I like multiple。😊，are my roster， my harem。

 and then I have a bunch of fuck buddies that just come into my life and and out of my life So it depends if I'm with a girl that I've trained up specifically for this。

 then right from the gecko， every girl knows what's happening it's pretty aggressive because you have that massive bit of pre selectionelection。

 But then when I'm when I go into a nightcl let say'm on boot camp I'm going in the nightcl completely by myself。

 it's got to be a lot more covert。 I can't go into the nightclub and tell them exactly what's happening because I don't have that pre selectionelection next to me。

 So I'm just doing it not tandem and I'm just going and trying to get two girls to have a threesome I need to make it much more sexually suggestive。

 much more innuendobased rather than me actually trying to be aggressive。

 That's why I have them completely do all the keynote and touching of each other without me coming in groping them。

 I want to be the cool guy that is standing around encouraging them to e on each other because then what ends up happening right after is when I get them to kiss each other。

 they both look at me like now it's my turn because it's reciprocity that's happening So when I'm making sure that they're having a fun。

I'm leading the interaction， I'm getting most of the benefits of the interaction as well。

 which ends up building the attraction。 All this sounds like related to interactions there in the clubs。

 What about when you're are you doing like multiple girl dates for hookups all 00%。 I rarely。

 I mean I have a pretty funny thing I mean if a girl dates me。

 she needs to bring her friends over to me as well。

 and she I call it bringing food to the dinner table basically So if I'm going to date to girl more than once she needs to supply me with girls without me doing anything。

 I have a pretty longterm vision of what I want my full he her herm type lifestyle to be and I up I end up there's a decent amount of girls that end up not fitting into that because their lifestyle isn't of that kind of nature。

 So for me， I'm always doing multiple dates。 I mean I'll I mean I've once had a group of 11 girls that I've slept with all at one dinner。

 that one was pretty crazy because actually didn't telling they're all gonna be there。

 So I just wanted to basically create I was moving out of that town。

 I just want to see how crazy situation I could be So I texted every girl that I've slept with in that town。

😊，Show up for dinner。 And I said we're going to do a group dinner。11 of them showed up。

 This is in Austin， Texas。11 of them showed up。 And none of them knew that I slept with them。

 until like throughout the dinner they're like， oh do you know Luke。

 how do you know Luke eventually half the girls because I got super mad。

 three of the girls end up staying because they liked each other and it'd be a very。

 very good night for me。 But I definitely burnt a few bridges on that。

 exactly the girls say to each other。're like how do you Luke like。

 know I've known for kept saying while a while while I just start smirking I to go to the bathroom I was hilarious And I come back and eventually you could see someone angry at me because they're like。

 you slept with。 And then they started kind comparing timelines。 kind Harry because they're like。

 when did you date him And then a lot of your dating is kind of like discre。 Yeah， for sure。 Yeah。

 Yeah， I mean， here's the thing discreetness should be a part of your game no what because if a girl thinks you're gonna be anything other than discreet She's not gonna end up dating you。

 She's not gonna end up sleeping with you。 So that's another reason why withhold so much physical sexual。

😊，Because the easiest way to meet a girl who likes you and not actually get physical with her and not actually sleep with the girl is for her friends to think that that's what she's trying to do。

Right， girls are ashamed so much for being sexual that if she's with her girlfriend in， you know。

 in let's say a daytime setting， let's say you're at coffee shop right go I go to Samballattte over here。

 right， then you you meet a couple girls in the coffee shop。 It's not。

 It doesn't make them look good。It's not a very good look on them to just go with some dude and go sleep with them right from the coffee shop。

 So what you have to do is instead be very sexually suggestive so that they know that you're a sexual person。

 but then still give them some plausible vniability。 Still give them a lot of levels of discreetness。

Yeah， it makes sense。 I guess I'd like to wrap it up but just some of your final thoughts that you'd like to share with the boys for sure。

 People collect every person that you meet， put them on your phone。

 even girls that kind of didn't really like you， you can tell don't leave the set。

 make sure you are actually trying to still maintain communication with them a set that doesn't go very well an interaction that doesn't really go very well but you end up bumping into them two weeks later。

 suddenly blows open because of the mere exposure effect of seeing these over and over again。

 So first thing is collect as many people as possible phone number。

 Facebook just get their details so that you can follow up with them。

 next thing is you have to have regularity and consistency if you have consistency the things that you're doing even if you just go to the variety is not the spice of life when it comes to game you being entertained when you go out is not going to help you as much as you have having regularity meaning you go the same every single Monday night but if there's an SDK in my town I'm at every SDK every Monday night because that have thing called magum Mondays Magum Mondays is a thing that the most beautiful girls in every city show up to because they get comp dinners。

They have these tables of six girls， five girls， seven girls。

 eight girls all around the place and I most of I don't even go there to eat I just go sit at the bar。

 grab one drink or an appetizer or something just go get one drink at the bar It's a very high end place。

 but it's not like you have to pay a lot of money to go there and then now you're around 200 of the most beautiful girls in that city because it's a consistent regular type of thing and then the third thing is friendend zone is not your enemy friendend zone every single girl you meet and then use sexual suggestive language and investmentbased game to pull them out of the friend zone and get them to your place at 4 am where something sexual can happen。

That's great。 I remember back in the day， people used to say the friend zone is like this pit and people will make videos about how like there's a video of a guy he stops at like a guard gate goes past the guard gate and he keeps going and comes back to the original guard gate he goes where am I goes I guess I'm stuck in the friend zone how to get out。

 know It's like just continual loop， But I guess kind of like found a way around it。

 And I guess it ends by like I have to get out of the friend zone and he goes out and about and exits enters through the exit gate。

 I guess that's funny。 But I guess yeah， there are definitely ways around it。

 And it was really cool to hear all your different thoughts。 know and。😊，Jack's saying hi and yeah。

 thanks for sharing everything， man cheers。