# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：04.如何选择你应该娶的人_04. How to Game the One Your Should Marry【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Some of you guys who are in relationships already or have a girlfriend may be interested in seeing what's the next step。

 like， how are you going to get that girl to be the kind of girl that you actually want to spend the rest of your life with。

A lot of that has to come with building a long term history of trust， however， if you really。

 really know this girl and you know that you love her and she loves you。

 that's more important than anything else。And same goes usually in long termm relationships。

 even when you're just like a you know boyfriend and girlfriend situation or you're in longterm business relationships。

 But if you're looking at a situation with its a girl you really want to marry。

 you want to know this girl has the same core as you， the same core values， the same core focus。

 the same kind of drive that you have in your life that's going to succeed。

 and that usually revolves around a discussion of talking about your relationship boundaries。

 If you guys have gone through Owen's blueprint decod program。

He talk a lot about how you should establish the boundaries of what will you tolerate and what you will not tolerate from the interactions you have while you're in pickup with your friends with your social circle or from random people that you just encounter in various interactions and the same thing goes even deeper when you're in relationships。

And I'll talk about what you actually want， are you looking for a relationship where you could go out regularly still。

 are you looking for a relationship where you want the girl to be monogamous to you。

 are you looking for a relationship？Where you are going to go on regular adventures or have really strong and active sexual life。

 you got to let these things be known about what you're looking for because she's going to very well let you know what she's looking for and that's really important the biggest problems that we've noticed in both relationships and definitely in my business is that almost all failures。

 all communication failures come I'm just not clarifying upfront what these are。In business。

 it's so critical because there's so much moneyry a stake and these are people that you might not necessarily be hanging out with all the time and like a relationship we even have to put out in writing。

 that's why attorneys， corporate attorneys exist to write everything out。

 so we have to work with them and spend tons of money every year sometimes in the six figures every year。

And it's very， very important that you're kept in the loop because of these things。

 your emotional bank account might get low with your girl。

 if you're kind of ignoring her working too hard in business or too hard in fitness or too hard on something else。

Same thing goes when you're。Doing with remote teams and RSD。

 I deal with remote teams all around the world and kind of my business partner is kind of like being in a marriage because the deep relationship we have within the business is so important to our core and to our success so we got to look at what you have in terms of that emotional bank account by looking at the loop and then improving upon that situation by making sure you have joint fun activities to do whether that's like golf whethers spa that's gaming or whatever kind of hobbies that you have in your life that are a lot of fun but look at what that is。

Build upon that and find those joint activities that you can do together。

 Another thing that really helps is just surrounding yourself with really cool friends and family and also getting involved with her friends and family。

 Once you get to the point where you're looking at actually sellinging down in the long term。

 that's super mission critical because when you're involved with these situations。

 these are situations require a lot of long term support throughout the rest of your life。

 you're gonna to have situations where her family， which was super important to her。

 will affect her and then it will affect you because whatever she feels。

 you're more likely to feel as well， since you spend so much time together。

 you should also make sure you're surrounding yourself with friends that are trusting your relationship that support your relationship because that is going to be really important。

 There's been a lot of situations where my wife's friends。😊。

Have really been supportive of our relationship and when there's certain issues that might come up in our relationship。

 whether it's like a conflict because I might be traveling too much or whether something else has occurred by having supporter friends that really。

 really like you。That will also end up having a relationship and have a lot of more safety。

 more of a safety net， same thing goes with her family because then the opposite happens。

If you don't befriend her family or her friends， then you're going to have the exact opposite happen。

 and if it's a marriage it's going to happen for the long term。

 and you definitely do not want that to happen。The other thing is having people that are in a similar situation as you。

Whether you're a single guy， most of your friends are single， single guys and girls。

 but when you're in a relationship especially in a marriage。

 having others that are couples around you you also significantly increase your chances of success。

 you have a lot more things to talk about when you have similar issues。

 you could relate to them and you can also do couples activities together you'll be able to go out and do dual dates。

 dual trips， do dual almost everything。And then you're not just relying on her to be the sole source of your fund or being the sole source of your emotional or her emotional support That's why I think it's really important。

 but together you could develop a life together， life plans， life goals。

 and it's kind of like developing a business mission or business vision kind of like have an overarching strategy。

 what you accomplish and then you have these little goals that you sit with each other。

 talk about them regularly， see how close you are to accomplishing those goals and then speaking what's on your mind。

So many people in relationships hold back which are truly thinking。

 they're afraid that the other party is going to take offense， judge what you're thinking。

 and then as a result， you look at you in a less favorable way。More often than not though。

 even when you're in a situation where what you're saying you think might offend the other person or what you're saying is not exactly what they want to hear。

 it's actually what they want to hear， it's actually what's going to give them the confidence and support in you in your relationship because the deeper you go and being open forthcoming with the partnership that you have the more trust you're going to have when times are tough if you hold things back。

These things will add up to a surprise and those situations that may not be disf will become a lot worse so。

Don't look at your partner as someone you need to game a lot of people will continually ask me how do you game the girl that you want to have as your girlfriend。

 how do you game the girl that we want to have as your partner Well I guess in some sense there is some gaming in the sense that you're interacting socially and you're using rhythm and you're combining but I mean when I think about trying to game the girl。

 it usually involves some sort of thinking about strategy in order to create a certain perception in a certain way a lot you can do some of that because you want to be viewed know in the best light you to be a role model you want to do all these things you're studying things and improve relationships all part of that is gaming。

I it more important that you wanted to view it as like a partnership。

And so improving that partnership， improving the systems and the overall logistics of how your relationship operate is those things you really want to tinker with similar to how you could view your dating life as you're the CEO of your own world and you're managing all the different moving parts of it so that it becomes a great success。

 you can do the same thing in just your one on one relationship with your women a lot of it could be。

Looking at what does she need in order to accomplish her goals， that could be one focus of yours。

 and there is how to entertain or that is the romance life， that is a sex life that is you know。

 all the。Time that you need to spend and taking it out away from your business so you could talk。

 and eventually it might be your family life if you have children。

But breaking things down to these categories， focusing it， managing it。

 and trying to find people that can help you to accomplish these goals but you don't have the time to do this stuff。

I know one on one time you definitely have to do with her。

But there's a lot of other people that can also support you with a lot of the things that carry the weight of making sure her emotional bank account is full。

 surround yourself with items of。The symbols of your love and affection for your woman。

 whether it's like the gifts， the things you do together from the travels from the various activities you do。

 it'll be a reminder of all the good memories you have put that around your house where you live together I definitely do that This these little things。

 little reminders， little memories that mean a lot and by doing that all these little things will help make your relationship in a long term much stronger and much more memorable in a positive way。

