# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：08.我们如何在全球范围内建立教练、场馆和客户网络_08. How we Create Network of Coaches, Venues, and Clients Worldwide【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Because oursDs run in such a unique way， a lot of people even ask us questions about how we build our network of coaches。

 how we build our venues， and how we get our clients worldwide around the world。Well， first of all。

 we operate in the sense of like Motley crew， the rock Star band。

 where we travel from City City with a entourage with different instructors all around the world。

 just then instead of one Motley crew， we have 10 and these guys go from City of City teaching their tours。

doing three programs a week， usually the hot seat， boot camp and free tour at the same time when those other days are' doing videos。

 promotional videos and they have entourage of people doing video recordings with them。

And in order to do that， we have to have a team of people here in corporate。rununning the venues。

 booking them at hotels and conferences around the world。

 establishing relationships with the hotels and convention centers。

And it's quite a challenge logistically speaking and a very expensive one at first we didn't have the funds to do this。

 so we were doing programs in schools， cafes， even parks。

 public parks and as a result we didn't have to pay for any venue charges but when you go from a situation where you have 10。

20 even as high as 30 people to a situation where you have 100， 200。

 300 and maybe more on average then you're going to have a situation where you have to go to hotels and entry convention centers。

 especially when you have now 1 to 3000 people。And these are the challenges we've had to work out and as a result our expenses are a lot higher。

 we're fronting a lot， so you have a situation where you have large free events。

 large amounts of people。In order to cover those costs。

 you hope that percentage of the people that come to your free events will sign up for the paid event that weekend so that you recoup your cost and that's where we live on and we do it very successfully because our program is tight。

 our curriculum is tight and the knowledge and skillet that you learn is extremely valuable and as a result of having spent tons and tons of hours doing that research and transient those skills to you and being dedicated doing that our guys are able to recoup the money and convince our clients to sign up for their program to become students to get assessed and they share with their friends and it continues to grow and it's an awesome system。

We've gone from situation where we were in couches to hotels to having large enages。

 now living in Airbn BVRBO， houses and mansions available for rent so that our teams continue to work together。

 live together and kind of build their lives together in their career and having enough space for their video crew or equipment。

It's been quite a huge change。 and it's a lot of growing expenses。

 The challenge is trying to manage that growth， manage that expenses。

 know how much to invest in that budget。And at the same time。

 making sure your revenue is able to keep up with that contual growth and monitoring it。

And the beginning， we were relying upon an email list。And that email。

 this was so powerful that when I sent out an email saying， hey。

 I was going to go to all the cities in the world， I chose all the cities that，United。

 Delta and American Airlines flies to， and I was put up on a website， I had 4。

000 people sign up to go to these events in 30 days， just off our own email list 10 years ago。

And in over six month period it ended up being 10，000 people signing up for these events and then about 20% of those people signed up for our $300 to 600 DVD set program and our World sumummit program and it was a great way to kind of build our market。

On the other hand now， our following is in a completely different format。

Most of our following is on social media。 not only do we have a Facebook group。

 a main Facebook group， but we have over 200， almost 300 Facebook groups in different cities all around the world with tons of people anywhere from a few hundred to a few thousand people interact with each other。

 kind of like as a fraternity does， networking， sharing stories。

 meeting up live face to face going on to the bars and clubs picking up girls and then using services like Snapchat where instructors will share their adventures and videos。

 I know that Tower releases some content like I remember seeing a video with him in New York where he's like。

 hey， I'm about to go to New York。 here's meing on a plane。

 Oh heres me about to go into a seminar room or talk about picking up girls。

 him on stage talking about picking up girls。Him saying， okay， seminars over。

 here's the lessons that I taught， he， here's me going into a nightclub。

Oh here's a video of me about to walk to pick up a girl。

 here's me and the girl talking about how I want to hook up at this girl。 Oh。

 here's a picture of me making out the girl in the alley。

 like I said of was here's me going into this apartment。

 here's me walking outside and talking about what happened in the night ending my night with a friend over some coffee it was pretty awesome just to be able to share those moments in real time with these little video snaps。

 I remember when I was on tour， this didn't exist。 I was just doing Twitter just sharing your Twitter feed I think it was 180 character maximum and then posting that on Twitter Facebook and all sorts of better social media at the same time。

😊，Now we use YouTube primarily as a means of communication during videos in the future it'll probably be something else。

We're even so prepared， we even had broadcast devices just in the case we were to hit radio or television。

But we're continuing on that cutting edge of technology， social media and all sorts of other things。

 and the biggest part of that is because in terms of investing into our marketing。

 in terms of investing into our game point for growth。

 a lot of it comes from the investment in our video production teams。

We spend tons of money on A gear， getting some of the best guys from Hollywood from music videos。

 from movies， from TV shows and putting them into the real social dynamics network of R C nationation sharing the stories about how to pick up girls。

 the adventures and the infield videos going out to the bars and clubs to learning lessons from them to try to add cinema effect because in order to captivate the minds of people you have to captivate also their hearts and eyes and when they see all these interesting things and they're used to being entertained from the movies and you see in the video。

 it really helps go a long way in terms of how we like conveyyor message in terms of gay people be raving fans being followers and I think it's also a lot more fun for our guys。

 a lot of our guys used to be burned out from the boringness， the routine of it all。

P instructors literally just quit even though we're making great amounts of money just to pick up girls and be really good at transferring those skills to others。

 just because they didn't have that network of people。

 they didn't have that network innovation that comes together from being a part of a team。

A team that travels with you Now， on the other hand。

 we also have corporate marketing and sales and local marketing。

 So these teams would also be involved in developing the local marketing brand of the instructor while they are traveling around the world。

 and at the same time at corporate where we have our teams spread among not just one instructor。

 but all the instructors and all the interests of the global RSD brand working together。

 they work together working on customer service when you we answer your calls will follow up。

 make sure the process filled and also give the overall marketing game plan for the company so that division vision is congruent and a team works together and shares insights about what's working in terms of marketing and what's not get able to share all the confidential information they want and they're able to also develop their own content and proprietary methods。

 It's a pretty cool system。It's a lot of people working together。

 though we also have a corporate travel and finance team。

This is the teams that create the budgets for the travel from around the world because it's extremely expensive。

 it's seeming timing to me。 it's not like my old tour where I was running on a shoestring budget for $2000 something a month。

 these guys might spend that in a day just。And the venues alone， they might spend that。

Pretty much a completely different company that we're running here now。

 because we have a massive infrastructure that's continually growing。 Re is growing higher than ever。

 Our influence growing higher than ever。 But the ability to manage that requires three very careful things。

 The first thing is having strong clarity。😊，Clarity is basically conveying the expectations of what you expect from just the team。

From the individuals， the roles and responsibilities， the results you expect。

 the clarity of your vision of what you plan to accomplish overall for everyone as a team so that their individual goals are accomplished and making sure that everything is crystal  clear。

 whether it's in writing， whether it's verbally where it's done in person。

 usually all three of those are necessary in order to make your message completely clear。

 The second part is communication， making sure that we're continually talking to each other on a regular basis and having more points of contact physically is always better so。

😊，Email is not as preferable over voice over phone， which is not preferable over Skype。

 just still not preferable over meeting in person。We will literally fly people around the world just to meet in person for those messages that can be conveyed in a period of like 30 minutes。

 just because the face toface interaction builds emotional rapport and also that communication。

 you can look at someone in the eye and feel the trust you know what it is you know that what is being said is what is being conveyed and should be conveyed the third part is that follow up process making sure people are doing their jobs。

 how the resources they need and that you're following up to make sure that everything is the way it's supposed to be because even after you have queer expectations。

 you communicate everything unless you follow up with it and see what results happen。

 you're not going to be able to know whether or not everything's the way it's supposed to be in the future。

 we are moving a lot more of our operations to our main basis。

 which is in Los Angeles in Las Vegas now。We have this huge house here in Los Angeles also in Loss Vegas。

 we have offices， we have an awesome training facility that you could check out during the RSC World Summit and these are the two cities where we have the most amount of staff and we have the people traveling here from all the different instructors。

 teams of marketing and video guys and the instructors themselves so they could get training with Howard directly as he is not just the figurehead。

 but also like the Steve Jobs visionary。He is the guy who is creating that mission to constant innovation and each of our instructors and business teams。

 they also will innovate。And having everyone here in those places where the innovation takes place the most is how we build a strong network。

How we build our teams and how we get our clients around the world。

