# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：12.团队建设_12. Team Building【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A lot of you guys are curious about how we build our teams within wheel dynamics。

And a lot of it comes from law social gatherings and innovations that we come to just going out in the field together as a result。

 some of the things that we organize are RSD executive retreats where we meet up on a regular basis in mansions kind of like getting a project Hollywood mansion。

 but in different cities around the world and then sharing our stories with each other going on adventures。

And it's something that we used not just to like make videos because back in the day we weren't making videos。

 but a way just to build rapport， honest rapport， honest friendships。

 and we invite not just the instructors， but just our business administrative staff。In the future。

 we're probably gonna be reintroducing this because we haven't done this for a few years and doing this in a way where we're actually making videos about it and sharing the stories。

 because now our business is so much more mature。 It's really difficult to have this spare of time we do vacations twice a year and just doing it solely for the purpose of hanging out like we used to do back in the day when we're just kind of。

 you know， a small company。 Now we're a global company。 And as a result。

 we don't have that same kind of freedom。Well we kind of miss it。

 we were talking with instructors from the good old days and just saying， you know what。

 this would be really cool to introduce again， just get back into the spirit of doing these things again。

We just share things like this。Other cool opportunities for us to hang out each other in what we call the RSD report of awesomeness。

This was a report that we shared on a monthly basis talking about all the cool things random people throughout the administration of RSD was doing。

Whether it was related to RSD or just related to their personal life or side jobs and business ideas they had and shared。

 to also attract this assessment that students had or boot campamp students had and what students thought of the RSD instructors programs that were most recent。

It was a cool way for us to kind of have metrics to show that the gold standard was being met and allowed instructors to kind of compete for performance to make sure that our students were getting the best possible program they could possibly get and I think that it was an awesome way to also add value to the culture we kind of had a way that people would talk about the culture of RSD。

 how they like to shape what they like about it， what they didn't like about it and for me kind of figuring out what our culture was。

It's very very valuable to me one of my mentors had me do an exercise where we had to write down three different things with my board of directors。

 each of us wrote down three different things that represent our company and all of us wrote down different things and it just shows you how different the opinions are of random people。

 but together they conducively create this corporate culture and it has to be one that we all want to be a part of So it's cool to see the different perspectives and views。

😊，Nowadays， the closest thing we have to these retreats is our summits。

 the RSU Winter Summits and the RSU World Smit， because we're together for a full week。

Whether it's in Miami or Las Vegas， we even invite our students to join in the adventures with us。

Instead of mansions， we might be staying in hotels or apartments。But as a result。

 we still get the chance to networking each other， and in fact we've created these opportunities mostly for us to hang out with each other。

A chance where we could learn from each other and also for our students to get into each other。

Our most dedicated students get to know each other from all over the world。

 from countries on every continent。It was。It still is the premier program。

 the program that we all look forward to more than anything else， in fact。

 before the somebody who takes place we have educational seminars and trainings。

Things that allow us to kind of sharpen our skills， whether it's in sales， marketing。

 conversational tactics， social skills， publicity， PR。

 or whether it's tower having us share our ideas。We also do the stuff like this though throughout the year。

 I know Towery likes getting people to join him on his adventures with Tony Robbins or Eckhart Toll and he'll have teams of people within RSD go to adventures with these various gus so that they can share stories with each other It's always cool mean those people that you respect the most and these are the people that Tower respects the most I too personally have gone to those seminars with those people that I have a lot of respect for in terms of the business world as social world and I do that on a regular basis from people who are famous authors to people who are famous just in the business world in general or just celebrities in their own right。

And a lot of it has to deal with us just having the idea of learning more。

 but I mean that's just something contributes a team building other than that just dinners throughout the summit we'll organize regular dinners for us to socialize and catch up on things and I'll often travel around the world to meet up with instructors randomly just so we could share dinners together and catch up on the stories that we might have missed。

This is all part of a precedeance， it's necessarily for business。

 the teambuying process is about building emotional rapport and building an investment into the emotional bank accounts of each other in business there's always going to be miscommunications。

 things that happen。When you have a strong emotional bank account。

You're able to survive those things。 if you don't， then you won't。

 And that's what a team needs to have。 They need to have that strong emotional bank account so that you have that trust。

 and then you can continue to grow together and travel together and pick up together。

 These are these are all all the things that they， they do so that their team is strong。Now。

 because our guys are remote。We have regular monthly remote meetings where they talk on the phone。

 or sometimes try to more recently start to get these things to be organized via Skype。

It's not as ideal as doing it in person though that's why we always try to preferably doing these meetings in person。

 but during our calls we share ideas and tactics on how to make our programs better。

 the most innovations， the new marketing and tactics that we've created。They're very， very exciting。

 very insightful。 You have a phone of some of the most intelligent people from around the world in social development to personal development。

 sharing ideas， it's always going to be a lot of fun。😊。

We also have our business administration team listening in so that they could help fulfill the needs of the people that are on the call so that whatever they're talking about is actually meant。

This allows us to have a queer expectation that things are going to get done or  clearer expectation of what things need to get done so that they will get done。

There's always a need to have clear expectations， whether it's writing it down。

 whether it's sharing it into meanings， whether it's。Creating a formal legal agreement， a contract。

 or just talking it through， which are trusted friends。In the past。

 it was all about just trust now we're getting more and more into the formal structures of business。

 we actually have attorneys involved with most of our clear expectations of protocol and procedures and formalizing due process at the same time。

 we want to make sure that even though there's a lot of bureaucracy。

 it doesn't prevent our main goal of the team， which is empowering the people with the freedom to succeed。

 not having those bnecks that get in the way of having what we need to have to be a successful global company。

Communication being stifled would be the biggest thing。

But making sure that our teams have the authority， responsibility。

 control and power to make decisions。Is that thing。

 The way we could do that is because we have very talented people that we trust and worked with us for a very。

 very， very long time， several years and having that clarity on that team vision。

Because we have to view ourselves not just like I'm that particular instructor that has this particular attitude。

 this particular style， if you have that， you're not a team player， we don't want that。

 we don't want the people that have that kind of attitude。

 we want people who are viewing it in as the sense that yeah。

 because I'm a part of a team I have more power， I can leverage that power to accomplish a higher vision。

 have a higher influence， make a bigger impact in the world as a result I have a chance to have more opportunities for growth。

 I have more opportunities for growth and every aspect of my life。

These are the kinds of things that we are encouraging in our team building process。

 A lot of it comes from the dissent that it's based on rapport in terms of like tacticals in terms of like actual things you need to do to be a team。

 You need to line each other's incentives。 And in terms of our team， they crossmo each other。

 have crossboal videos and they help each other build the content with each other。

 Tder especially is good at that。 I help them with building the teams's teams because every team has their own traveling team。

 we have our corporate team， and I have a massive repertoire knowledge of how to build a successful team So I contribute on that in so that people will have all the resources they need。

 also contribute and invest in the growth that their teams。

 whethers investing money or just lending10 to thousands if not 1000 or more money to particular people's teams and products to make sure that's a success。

 And we've been doing this for the longest of time。As a result， these teams have grown to be very。

 very strong。 They're no longer the baby tiger。 They're now like the full grown tiger out there in the jungle accomplishing and and making things happen。

 And it's like one tiger took a tribe of them。 and they travel on around the world。

 They get back together again now。 and then they celebrate their。They're victories。

I think it's really cool to be able to do that。 I'd rather be a part of a team to be a solo guy anyway。

 There's a lot of potential for whether it's Tyler。

 myself or any R team instructor to be on their own so people do that because they're not team players they don't view the power of the team they don't have the communication or the corporate culture or they might have not really fit well on what our goals and vision are but those people that are going be a part of this team will see that fruit。

 see that strong vision we have and be able to rewards of it because it's always better to have a team that works together than to do things on your own It's way more difficult to do things on your own and really have a really meaningful impact and that's what we want to have because more importantly than anything else to have that powerful impact in the world。

