# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：06.如何与女孩正确使用金钱_06. How to Properly Use Money with Girls_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Many people。Have been following this。Movement of how to pick up girls in our industry and what we teach for so long。

you might have heard a lot of people talk about。How far they could go without using money to pick up girls。

So much so that there was some weird guy who was out there who was literally using the pickup line。

Hey， give me $20 and then girls would give it to him and he would beha haha。

 this is so funny when the truth is he was actually just scaring the girl because a lot of guys were coming up with trying to like figure out a way where most of us were poor and we trying to figure out ways where you could try to use that situation into a humor。

 Some people were having girls walk up to them and they would say， hey， could you get me a drink。

And the guy would say， what， I'm not an ATM machine， I need some love first， you know。

 and then they would like make a joke about it。On other hand there is ways to properly use money with girls。

 I mean some girls that you date might not even have you know a cell phone that is like a legit cell phone might be like an old cell phone in the 1980s if you're like a beautiful girls but they can't even stay in touch they might even have a laptop computer so they can't even send out emails。

嗯。I had situations where I was dating a girl and she didn't have either one。And for her birthday。

 I got her a phone。For a Christmas President， I got her a laptop。And as a result。

 it helped contribute to relationship， I think anything that does contribute to the relationship and can help。

 I think it's totally cool as long as you're doing it from a place where you are。

Not coming across like you're doing it to get something out of that other person。And then food。

 food and drinks is also another given。 when you invite girls out。Most of the time。

 they'll expect that you're going to pay for food and drinks and although we're in a society where oftentimes girls will volunteer and want to go Dutch。

Just because there's so many feminists and people that have these new beliefs。

 it's often a given that。Many girls just can't afford it and you don't want to have a situation where in order for them to go out with you。

 they need to have some money to financially support the idea of going out with you。

 The other thing is。I use money for a lot of my day in life because I like personally because not mean a lot of other people don't like doing this。

 by like going out to luxury stalls at fancy hotels。

 I like going out to the fancy shows in Las Vegas and around the world I love high quality entertainment and sometimes going to weird forms of entertainment like I'll go。

Do cities just to like experience like a video game concert where concert orchestra would be playing music from popular video games。

 the video games in the background。I like taking girls to my unique interests because I feel like I have more fun and then you'll have more fun and you'll also probably enjoy a lot of the same interest if I'm dating her as well。

I also use money to gain access to the VIP。I will find cheaper ways of doing so than most people because I like the good deal。

 for example， I know that instead of paying $10，000 for a ticket to go to the Grammys。

 I could go last minute on Craigiglist do com and get $50 tickets for tickets right in the floor next to M&m。

And Ill look for ways to get access to those other excuse events， movie premieres， red carpet events。

 special elite social clubs， and what have you。And figure out friends and people that have access to it。

 help them out when they can and see if they could give me those things that you can't get access to unless you really know people。

I know that having been in Los Angeles and doing this for almost a decade of building a solsice circle。

 I've befriended people who I consider Beverly Hills royalty， so when I'm in Los Angeles every week。

 maybe two to three times a week， all invited to events full of celebrities and beautiful people just because I built that sos circle that access to the VIP。

Money also will help you allowing a situation where you might be able to travel with her。

 travel with those girls that you want to really spend time with and get deeper with and traveling together will usually lead to very deep rapport。

 lots of romance and most of the time contribute to really exciting sex life I think that especially if you're going into fun exotic places and you have a great time it's great。

I also think that you'll explore new adventures， new cultures and it'll help your girl open up her eyes and those shared experiences moving from place to place are really really valuable you just feel like you knew each other for a lot longer time than reality it even is because those unique things that you're doing with each other is there I mean I went on a tour with my wife I took her to 70 countries and I personally have been to over 110 now。

And I think that the travel experience way helped us to bond。

 I also do like using viator do co and our tour service experiences to try to find those unique things in those cities like going to Italy and doing a photography tour or going to the Grand Canyon。

 but doing a helicopter tour through the canyon or trying to do fun。

 even local events because you could do things like that in almost every major metropolitan city of the world I could even doing a tour of your own city I even was living in Boston I was doing tours the historical landmarks and things like that。

 just learn together because Im always excited by the opportunity to learn more。😊。

So there's learning through an experience is what I care about the most because experiences I think are those things are most important when I take pictures。

 it's always gonna be pictures of me and other people 99% of the time and doing activities doing experiences that I'll remember because those are the things that I believe that people will care about the most when you're on your deathbed and those are the things I care about the most even while I'm alive now using services like Groupon and other websites to find wine food festivals or other kinds of fun activities outside the realm of the mundane I have found it be really important for my social circle and social life。

There's things like in Loss Vegas or Los Angeles or all sorts of cities around the world that are called a escape room you're kind of like in a movie saw where you're in a puzzle room and you're trying to discover how to escape the room and like clues you have to find and lock the door that you're trying to escape out of the room。

 There might be badass X-ga kind of things like AV racing or dune buggies and you don't have to travel outside your city many times to experience these things。

 There's usually subcultures of people that are organizing unusual things。

 everything from street races to athletic games to stargazing clubs to going camping and hiking。

 I think shared athletics is very useful for me。Going golfing with my friends at beautiful environments on the beach and country clubs and what have you has been something that's been really awesome。

😊，You know。It's 2016 right now， and I've been playing golf for about a year。

Played almost 1000 hours of golf just from that time。

 just because I really enjoyed doing it as a social activity with my friends to get people really out there andactive。

 And I believe it's a freeing experience， be surround this beautiful environment。

 escaping from the regular feeling that you're in the regular world of business and life itself。

 just getting out there and also feel like when you're out there exercising。

 whether you're saying the gym or doing a sport。 that athletic activity。

 freeze your mind gives that mental focus。 That's also why I loved so much running When I was on tour。

 I used to run for hours。 like one to four hours。 literally every day。

 just to I get that freeing sensation of being outside and seeing the world for what it is。😊。

I also use money for like the gifts of holidays， but also like just little gifts。

Through celebrating random moments， whether it's like， celebrating， you know， an achievement。

 like let's say she's a college student。 she got a good grade。

 I might center her like flowers or I I have an cute note or。😊。

Get go to like a fancy like card shop and give it like a fancy looking card with like glitter or like a pop up or something like that。

 and is really unusual just little little things like that。

 I think it's a cool way of using your money and your resources。

 but I think you need to develop yourself， your own style first and foremost if you want to talk about how to really use money to get girls。

 develop your own fashion style。 invest the money into your own education so you could be smarter。

 sharper and on the ball。Developing educational courses that'll give you the skills that you need so you can pick up girls。

Develop invest in your physique， your health and fitness， your mental focus。

 pay for your gym membership。Pay for those activities to give you first and foremost that solid base because if you want to attract the girls and you want to have the money to give it to them。

 get the girls， first you need to like get yourself to the position where you're on top of your own selfga。

 you have the internal belief systems you have the resources you need to accomplish your goals and being able to help yourself first and foremost before you can help other people is a basic premise。

