# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：13.与企业的关系_13. Pickup Mindset to Business【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

During my time getting seminars from around the world， I had a lot of catchs。

 phrases that were about pickup。And how to develop that pickup mindset。 However。

 these same phrases and mindsets， I believe apply directly to business。 First and foremost。

 one is the concept of social experimentation。 The process that you view the world like your own social playground where anything is possible where you're just fooling around messing around It's like being the common analogy I used to give was you're a scientist and maybe you're mixing two chemicals together and it explodes and then maybe you mix two different chemicals and it turns into a shiny orb or something else。

 regardless of what happens， you're not interested in necessarily whether it was right。

 whether it's wrong， you were just interested in the assess of the fact that you went through the process because you able to get a result and that result developed into a learning lesson and that learning lesson is a reference experience that you got from the field and that field experience will continually build upon what you've had in terms of previous field experience。

 So when you have a situation in the future， you react differently。

 and that process is the exact same thing。😊，It's in your pickup life where you're trying to pick up a girl and you tried to do a certain thing and you got a certain result。

 or it's in the business world and you try a certain thing and you got a certain result。

 that same mindset， that same process exists， and I think it's probably the most important thing because when you do that you're not emotionally stifled by rejection or the fear of rejection which is even worse than rejection because I think a rejection can be healthy。

If you view it as a thing that is not bad， you didn't get the desired outcome。

When that's cemon comes into even more sweet。 the second thing I think is a great mindset to have is the concept of burning the boats。

 This is a phrase from the old Viking days when the Vikings used to attack。

 they would like their boats on fire。 So there are troops and they got scared if they're pushing back。

 They know that they will die and that stay fight and they win。

 The concept still goes forward and pick up where you need to go out there and you're not going to give up you're going to stay consistent。

 you're not going to stay pushy if you're not getting the results you need。

 but you're going to stay in a situation where you're creating learning experiences for yourself。😊。

sameme thing goes in business。 if you're think you need to certain tasks。

 you need to have a certain mission。 It's going to be draining。 It's gonna be tiring。

 You need to go all the way， can do its completion and make sure it's done。

 even if the road is vigorous， even if the odds are against you because usually the odds are not against you。

 if you're willing to take that extra effort that most people are not willing to take。Also。

 I want to talk about physical looks， a lot of people used to talk about whether you should be looked over or overlooked and entire had a catchph。

 which was it's better be looked over than being overlooked yet at the same time some people would take that to the extreme and dress in the most ridiculous ways like they were like 12 year old children and go out to a bar and club and they looked quite ridiculous and sometimes in no situation it's better to be overlooked。

But。In terms of like physical looks， it's more about your personal style and your health and your physiques stayinging on top of your game。

You don't need to be a naturally born ripped to like male model。

 you just need to be a top of your house you' healthy。

Most girls are not seeking that perfect like ripped abs looking guy， in fact。

 for many people that's a turn off， for many girls it's a turn off， they think it's too much。

 they just want you to be normal。And I think that like the physical looks。

 it's more about your style now some people in terms of like pickup will dress a certain way。

 just try to hook a girl into a conversation。And I think that's cool。

 but other people just just wear like a suit when you're like going to work and' wear like a hoodie when it's hanging out socially。

 either way， you need to have a style that looks clean， cool。

 looks like it has a conveyance of who you are as a personality， maybe it's creative。

 maybe had some thought。I think girls put a lot more time into this than than other people。

 I know girls who will dress up like they're going to college or wear hoodies and his shorts。

 And they'll think that they look like a bum because they didn't put thought and creating like a creative outfit like put together like a nice dress with the heels and all fancy。

 guys are the exact opposite。 Most guys would just chill For me， though。

 I just prefer to stay casual。 I mean， other guys when they hit the club zone youre like Tyler。

 they really suited up。 but just have a personal style。😊，Also。

 realize that money status isn't needed， but it can grant you things and can help you gain access to things in the pickup world getting access。

 The money can access to the bars and clubs， parties， exclusive events。In the business world。

 it's not necessarily needed to have that money status。

 but can help in terms of leveraging your network， it's not required to leverage your network。

 there's all sorts of things you can do not to do that， and I discuss that。at the same time。

 it definitely can help because you could buy your way in to certain social clubs or business clubs that will give you access to people more readily available。

 more and a lot easier because。You've proven that you were able to accomplish barriers that would get in the way of other people from getting that kind of level assessed。

 They assume that you belong there。 And actual money represents sometimes the people and represents that you belong through a certain kind of sta or situation and a social club or a business club because you had the talent。

 a skill and a foresight to actually get access to it。😊。

But you should always respect your peer group， regardless of whether you're in this high end peer group or whether you're in any kind of peer group。

Because when you're in your pickup， when you're interacting with girls and you're trying to pick up girls。

 you got a be friend to peer group， you' got to agree their approval if you want to be able to remove their friend from that group and isolate them if you're trying to pick them up。

 especially if you're interested in one I stand， but eventually if you're dating as well the same thing happens in business。

If you were going out to meet the CEO of a company and he has his coworkers there befriending the associates。

 it's probably just as valuable as refraing the CEO because the associates are usually the people that are trusted advisors。

 people that will whisper in the ear of that CEO and that will have a lot of influence。

 and that's probably just as important， if not more so。

 than talking to the CEO who you might have less time with。

The other people might have more time to hang out if you and listen to you。

 and so therefore respect that peer group and understand that。

Another process that is common in pickup is a concept of venue changing。

 going from place to place in pickup we'll talk about how you might meet a girl out in a barn and take her to another club and take her to a coffee shop and then take her to a late night diner and then take her back to your place and that process is going from place to place to place makes you feel like you've nod for a longer period of time。

The same thing goes in business。 if you can meet someone out and their office and then take them out for a bite to eat or dinner and drinks or maybe to go out to play golf or something that from place to place。

 it's a process of business seduction。I was talking to one of my friends whose goal is to try to get people to go to downtown Vegas and I tell him that he's using these pickup tactics to venue change。

 to seduce people to move to downtown Vegas so he wants to add to the community。

 people that are really smart， talented， successful and educated。

 so he'll give people tours from place to place to place throughout the downtown community。

 to make them feel like they really know that place。

And that gives them that comfort and trust and that helps in business as well。But more importantly。

 getting that deep rapport one on one。And pick if you want to develop that one on one connection because you have to venture be one on one with that girl if you're going to have sex with her。

 you got to go in and isolate that girl from the group， get her one on one。

 the same thing happens in business if you want to really go deep and to have a really deep relationship for someone for business。

 you got to do the same thing， go one on one because doing it in a group environment is completely different in terms of dynamics because you're trying to entertain the wishes and ideas and thoughts of the people in the group as opposed to just focusing that person that's also a nice segue into the topic of wingmanship。

You know， in your personal life you have wingman that will go out with you， help you pick up girls。

 but in the business world you have wingman that will go out and close deals with you。

 might be a business partner or if you have a job be a coworkerer' just trying to close sales with you when you're hitting the field。

Either way， no matter what it is that it is and whether it's pickup or business， study hard。

 do your research in terms of pickup， there's an immense amount of material that we create。

 you could tell， because we're creating hours of content relating to it and releasing it for free every day and into courses that are several more hours and it's immense and then training the live experiences in terms of business its the exact same thing。

 whether it's an educational schools continuing educational seminars or just hitting in the field to gain those internships。

 externships and just getting the knowledge you need from working a regular job or being a boss or having those entrepreneurial experiences and being the field of hard knocks。

The bottom line is field experience as King。In the world of dating and pickup。

 you're always hittinging the field and getting those reference experiences so you could share those stories and know what works and what doesn't work because a lot of people will say。

 hey， how do I overcome my limiting beliefs， I say hit the field。

 how do I overcome my outering beliefs will you hit the field Of course I'll go much more into debt or not debt depth。

In terms of what that means。 But overall， hitting the field solves almost all problems。

 Not everyone has to study pickup nor get good at pickup。

 but people who just have mass amounts of field experience will just naturally overcome it。 Co。

 studying it will allow you to overcome all the challenges you might face quicker and faster。

 especially if you haven't been doing this for the longest amount of time。

The same thing goes in the business world because the challenges that they su the business world。

Will be deep and varied and only going deep into experiences and trying and all the different things you can social experiment。

 bringing the boat， pushing things forward and having the experience and a reference experience from the field experience and knowing those results。

 will you give you the confidence to know that when you're making a strategic decision。😊。

That's the right decision in the business world。