# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：06.如何开始创业_06. How to Get Started in Business【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

How do you get started in business is a question that I get asked all the time。

 And I think that pretty much every successful entrepreneur is asked all the time。

I think the biggest thing that inspired me is finding a niche interest because those little niche interests are oftentimes those are not fulfilled。

 If you look at larger scale categories like shoes。

 it's really difficult to create a business where you're just selling shoes because so many other people are competing unless you could do it in a way that's way more creative and I've had a friend who did just that。

😊，In our company， we created a business based upon a niche that was just discovered out of nowhere。

 It was kind of like gathering a group of underground hip hop bars and turning it into a music industry。

We did that for the pickup artist movement。Most people won't find that niche。

 but they'll have a niche interest。And whether you're trying to just grow a lifestyle business that supports your present lifestyle。

 like we were originally trying to do when we created RSD， just continue to the party。

Or if you're trying to build that global business with massive success？Getting into a niche。

 as opposed to just a large， popular commodity that everyone is using is a very quick and easy way to tap into a market。

 especially if you are listening to what people are saying。

The easiest way to find out whether your niche is supporting products and markets that people want to buy into is to see what people are talking about and asking about online。

For example， I had a friend named Corey。And he had read a bunch of Ferrari forums。

 just owning a Ferrari where people were saying。Hey， where do I get Ferrari emblems。

 Because people were stealing that little horse logo off his car and just taking it。

 And so many other people were having the same problem。

 So we actually just created a business that was making him millions of dollars a year。

 Just bind those little Ferrari emblems and then selling them to people all over the Internet。

 And that grew into another business and another niche And it kept growing from there。

 And that all we had to do for us was to see what the people were talking about in terms of pickup forums for us at the time。

 people were talking about how they wanted to see people if they could。😊。

See how they're interacting picking up drill just if we can hold her hand， that'd be awesome。

People just weren't doing it。 They didn't have this whole large industry where there's people doing this in every city in the world now back then just didn't happen。

So you got to fulfill the need that's not being fulfilled in your life。

 there's things that are not being fulfilled as well and I was。

Watching a movie called Joy where there was a girl。Who she spilled a wine on the floor of a boat。

And in order to clean it up， she took a mop。And mopped up all the broken glass and a broken wine and squeezed it in water and her hands got cut because it's broken glass everywhere。

 they didn't have a mop where you could just turn the mop and then all the dirt and everything was away。

 you'd have to actually squeeze it with your hands。 You can just turn it。

By creating that mop where you didn't have to touch the dirty like mophead。

 she was able to make a business that made her hundreds of millions of dollars from the home shopping network。

All she had to do is look at those needs that were't fulfilled her life and fulfill that herself for RSD was the same way I created a company that was a service that I need myself you also got to make sure that the market's big enough to support your interest if you're trying to say I want to go to Pluto and I want to build that spaceship take me to Pluto。

I don't think the market's there yet， nobody wants to go to Pluto， but you。

So look at those things that you want to do， but make sure that the market is big enough to support your needs。

You can。If you look at your average of your soul circle and you see people。

You might be able to get a good gauge of that。 A lot of people will do that。

 But if you want to get a true indication of what things are。

 you can just contact people through larger groups， there's in social media。

 if you can reach out those people that are really in charge of social media。

 just look at people are asking large groups of people， whether it's in。

Those blogs and gurus and discussion boards that have massive amounts of web traffic。

 or whether it's from university or surveys that kind of conduct your own academic research。

Regardless though， of what your business idea is， it means nothing until you get your first customer until you actually get paid。

 it doesn't matter what you get paid， it's just the fact that you get a customer。

They pay you money so you could see that there's a value being exchanged and then you deliver a product or service and from interacting with that customer。

 you're going to be able to refine what that product is， have them use your product。

 have them use your service and then critique it improve upon your product and improve upon your service from the feedback and testimonials。

 the success stories or those comments and criticism that you get from acting as their concierge and gain their feedback of what they liked and didn't like。

That's how we developed our business and then you should share those success stories with other people to ask them to write that review and ask if they could share a review what that is and then post it on the internet。

 other people will see it， they might even share it with their friends。

 but you can publishize that and if you do that enough that word to mouth marketing that realstar marketing which work for us the main source of our business is what works for most other companies that are really successful。

Now， that was our marketing strategy。 Everyone else has to develop their own。

 Our marketing strategy was to do most of it online。 other people， you have brick and mor businesses。

They'll have to use a lot of that first impression instead of having a website but having a flashly attractive。

 well- positioned place in a place that has that target market from doing a lot more research other people use the news or television commercial。

 so what have you for us， we believe that the generation that we're in is focused mostly online so almost all of our strategies focused on having that global presence on the internet so we weren't relying on large organizations to sponsor us。

Now we're looking more into that kind of thing we're chasing more sponsors。

 you've gotten alcohol sponsors， condo sponsors and all those sorts of similar things to get more involved and we're probably going to chase that a lot more in the future and you'll see that。

But develop a strategy that works for your company， even if it's just grillillas style marketinging。

 or're going door to door， every strategy that I've talked about so far is stuff that I've considered and looked into or even even done myself。

Because I have done everything from that， you know， I've been on reality TV shows。

 I've done online marketing， we've done news a done newspaper a on every single kind of app。

 but we just are smart about it。 We're looking at what works， what doesn't work。

Tracking when we're regain that cost per acquisition in terms of is the cost of advertising going to be more or less than the profit margin that we have and we're looking at the net profits and growth because more than anything else if you don't have that gross margin。

 which is hopefully going to give you a healthy margin to pay yourself and then have a net margin left over to grow your company if you don't have that and you're going to eventually feel some suffering and pain and need to figure out a way to push forward and the only way you'll be successful to get out those tough situations is to get a smart team。

Most times you can't do it yourself， sometimes you can if you're really talented and you're on the ball。

That's great。 We have many people， though， on our team that are in that situation。

 and by having many people who have that， we're overall stronger and having that smart team is why RsD is accessible today When I invested in this company。

 my entire future， my career， all my money and my identity into this company。😊。

It was based on the investments in those RST instructors and guys like Owen。

 who I believe fullharartedly can accomplish any goal they set their mind to have the moral to work ethic most importantly。

 and that positive attitude to push forward that vision the background。

 desire to see to learn and to be resourceful to get the knowledge they need for those things they haven't yet learned and by having that mental attitude that will help you to see and business and perils and every aspect of your life。

For those of you who don't have those resources， especially the money， get that free support。

The power of the Internet allows everyone access to every single other person on the Internet and also to all the information that they're interested in sharing publicly。

 That's not just those confidential private information。

 It takes a long time to sort through all the jumble。

 But you can find out almost anything I doing so， especially to YouTube videos。😊，And on YouTube。

 people are publishing themselves out there and trying to share the most valuable things they have to share with the world out there。

 and most of the time they're doing that just for fun to contribute to society and help other people。

I think that's fantastic。 So many people should get more involved with watching all these things。

 And in fact， Windows's training manuals instead of watching a training manual and trying to figure out something for a new gadget。

 new technology， new audio visual equipment like a drone or some other kind of weird gadget。

 What does go on YouTube and watch YouTube videos instead to get that thatcher quicker way of having it being explained。

 And I find so much more power in that kind of technology than a typical papers。

 like using Google Maps instead of the Thomas Guide to map your way around a city。😊，The key is。

 don't reinvent the wheel。Of course， always improve upon technologies that will get you what you need further。

 faster， there's always better software， new hardware， new knowledge。

 people that have higher skills because they learned from acadeia or from some other specialists。

But you't need to revent it from scratch。 Look at what's working with other people and their businesses。

 especially because most businesses， even they're selling completely different widgets。

 will always have the same basic premises business。 Almost any kind of business。

 I'm on advisory boards， having done advisory boards from everything from health and nutrition。

 supplement companies。To junk removal businesses。To businesses to have management consulting。

 to educational service marketing companies and video games。AndV game teams。

And I'm able to have that diverse base because I have a basic base in business understanding the dynamics of that。

 and the same thing goes with using these skills for any kind of social life in any kind of social setting。

 getting that kind of masterny can contribute to almost anything anyone。

