# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：05.社交游戏_05. Social Game：03.没话可说时该怎么办_03. What to Do When You Run Out of Things to Say【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The most common question and pickup that I always hear among boot campamp students that I've taught is what do you do when you run out of things to say and as a result。

 we've created in most of our programs exercises that can help facilitate that process of avoiding that exact trap。

Now， in order to develop that skill set， a lot of us have had improv training， in fact。

 one of the things that Tyre kind of forced upon most instructors was to get improv training from some of the best improv coaches in the world at the Upright Sism Migade in New York City。

And some people have done some of these trainings in Los Angeles。

But I love going to see world class improv at improv shows because you get to see how people have taken that conversational skill set。

 the ability to adapt situations to do it to quicklying on the ball。 and in pickup。

 these are things that you really need to have mastered so that you can stay on top of your verbal game and not being a rut or a situation where you're just stalling forever。

 Of course， comfortable silences are totally cool。 The problem is when that comfortable silence becomes like a very permanent。

 uncomfortable silence because you don't know what to say， you're stifled。 You just can't。😊。

Can't move on the conversation or push it forward。A lot of it just comes into practice of just thinking about what's on your mind and putting it out there。

 because your mind is almost never blank， even if you try to imagine your mind is an anti mental movie screen。

Something's going to pop into it within one second， an object， a person， a place， hell。

 you can even just talk about that when you're run out of things the same try to run that into a conversation that relates to the situation。

 the people that you're meeting。It's a great skill set， that's an exercise used to have people do。

And I also used to have people at practice in exercise。Taking a conversational idea， just any object。

And then talking about it and making it sound real related to the conversations you were just talking about and then transitioning into a completely different object I one of the exercises I had was to think about。

 say。😊，A noun。 And then imagine your minds an empty movie screen。

 You have a noun and you have another noun。imaginemagine your mind empty thinking think of another noun now what you're going to try to do is just say one sentence that relates one noun to the next noun to the next noun to the next noun。

You know， for example， if I was talking about the first thing came to my mind was like beautiful girls and then the other one was going sailing and the other one was then going to a nightclub or exploring nightlife。

I might say。You know， I was hanging out with some beautiful girls and we ended up going with my friend to a yacht and went sailing and it was a great time and afterwards we went to the most amazing nightclub。

Now what you have is you had a conversational thread that just came from just speaking about what I just thought of was the first three ideas that came off the top of my head。

And it's a great skill to have and also even just that one sentence there。

 it has multiple open threads， open threads are things where you could build off of those conversations I mean conversational topics that come off of what I just said could be where did I meet these girls Who are these girls who add that boat that's interesting。

 most people don't have boats where do you get that when I club you go to I like going to nightlife I know a lot about nightlife and these kind of open conversational threads kind of leave things open so you could go back to those topics later and keep the conversation flowing。

The key is to also listen to what the other person you're interacting with is saying so you a conversation you converse and bounce off the multiple threads and loops that you create when you're just interacting with any other person。

And doing so in an intelligent way so you're not just talking for the sake of talking。

 but you're talking to generate vibe rapport， realize that you can communicate with each other as opposed to just being somebody who's just locked into top and you can't really talk to that particular person some of that has when you're just saying things that are statements at times is just asking questions and trying to elicit those responses from those other people so that the interaction is more fluid and it's actually more relevant to what's thinking when you're thinking on their mind because the most important thing when you're interacting with somebody else to try to find those things that are most important to them。

especially in the business world， but in the social world for me in terms of like how I was interacting with whether it's my dating life or my social life in general or anything in my personal life it's always been to try to figure out what that is。

 that's important to person at the present time we're thinking what might be on their mind and then relating to that and trying to elicit those responses。

 it allows you to avoid those uncomfortable situations because uncomfortable situations usually are just situations where that person doesn't feel like what they're doing is important or you're not con about things that are important the topics that you're talking about are things that are relevant to what they really want to talk about what you're focusing on to trying to find out what that is and listening and trying to move the conversation forward。

 that's what you're trying to do when you're running out of things to say but I mean。

 other things you could do as an exercise just speak about what's on your mind from the things you see around you just look around the environment and be savvy about the observations you're making about what's going on or add some humor to what you're seeing in the environment。

What's going on or tell a story about something that you might be reminded of from seeing what's going on。

I remember watching the movie The usualual suspects。

 where Kevin Spacey Char who was supposed to be the Kaiser so say mafia boss。

 is just looking at the bulletin board behind him and making up an elaborate story based upon all the different objects and things he's looking at right behind him。

 making up people， making out adventures and stories。It's a skill set that you could develop。

 but not necessarily in a way that he did in terms of complete fabrication。

 but in a way you could just create conversational stories and sets to make things interesting and fun so the interaction moves forward and。

useful to do so because in the business world or whether it's social life just。

Being able to con in a way that as entertainment and interest that people。

 it's a huge skill set it's a very valuable skill set。

 that's why public speaking is one of the highest paid jobs professions in the world because being able to conate and just fluid talk from conversation to conversation speak what's on your mind is a very rare skill set it's a skill set that all of our instructors have developed but it takes a lot of practice to do that now for those of you that。

😊，Don't really know what to say You could talk about people or you just get advice from people。

 I mean， youd also just bring up what's on your mind and just say。

 you know what I'm doing with the situation， love to get your opinion and advice about situation and listen to response from that。

 because when you give people a feeling that they have an authority and most people。

 especially if it's about social situation。 I mean， most we can give you advice about business。

 especially if you're talking to somebody don't even know what your skill sets are。

 but if there's a little situation and involves whether it's friends or some kind of drama。

 people could relate to that， because everyone has the ability to share experience。

 everyone has the ability to share stories that are interesting to other people。

 So if you could just find those situations， people love talking to relationships。

 particularly girls。 you could find those interesting relationship topics。

 you could also learn a lot about that other person， howventur they are。

 how risk they are they would respond certain things。

 you could also talk about some of your most unusual news stories。Some of your drama。

 like if you had somebody mess with one of your friends in a particularly interesting way or if you had an interesting adventure in Las Vegas or if you had a friend who had particularly lifechanging altering situation I mean a lot of these deeper interesting personal touchy stories and maybe be unusual maybe be difficult to elist out as somebody might have just met unless you are the kind of person that is talkative and able to kind of elicit a lot of these responses。

 but this is not a skill I've always had this is a skill that I kind of had to listen just from being in the field and talking to a wide variety of various different people it is building it over time from tens of thousands of interactions and maybe even more and I think a lot of it has to deal with knowing what you really care about and then developing those commonalities。

Then going deeper。Then thinking about if you have an unusual common experience from an unusual social experience。

 some dating advice and dating experiences is usually the most common of all of it。

 people love sharing stories about their dating past and what have you。

 and also allows you especially if you are in a situation where you're on a date with a girl。

 figure out you know what she is looking for， what she's willing to do。

 how risky she's willing to be or in terms of like her sexuality and how。

How you could elicit law this as just being really open about you yourself。

 the more open you are about you yourself these things。

 the more she's going to be wanting to open up a lot of the reasons why people are so open to talking to me about sexuality and their dating in life and doing it in the most extreme ways is because they view me as the pickup artist guy。

 the guy who's the CEO of this global pickup artist company。

 you could e listen to the same kind of response though by just conveying that you're the kind of person who has that kind of response in life and how they view the world in that particular way as well。

