# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：03.处理公关和广告批评_03. Handling PR & Advertising Criticism【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

In real social dynamics， we definitely have a controversial topic of the hookup culture。

 And as a result， we have a very unique situation where we're handling public relations in the media。

 especially the mainstream media， and also doing with a lot of criticism。😊。

Our old policy used to be that we used to invite journalists all the time into our live programs。

 just because we wanted to get our name out there。 And people didn't even know we're having an opinion about pickup artists or what we taught or what we did。

 And as a result， we would invite people all the time on our boot camps。

 We didn't care what journal they were with。 In fact。

 we would even take the risk so much so that we would just get any random freelancer who said they might or might not get into that magazine or journal。

 We had one guy。Who when we were first in business was saying that he was with the New York Times and hes coming with a briefcase。

 no one carries briefcase anymore。 that's such an old thing。

 and I think he did it to try to pretend like he was a fancy New York Times reporter and we all knew that he was faking it the entire time。

 but we led him on anyway。And this was the old policy because our old policy was create a media package。

 create a press kit， have it available online and all media is good media。

 That is a afraid to hear all the time。 All press is good press。 However， that is 100%。

 definitely not the case。 I used to say all press was good press。

 unless it was involving criminal prosecution or some kind of criminal act。😊，Even worse， though。

 could be a situation where we had some guys accused of things that could be borderline criminal。

 even though theyre complete fabrications because of people that were in social media。

 You got to be careful about this。 So now we have a second policy。Not now。

 but like when we had that happen like we were Joy， Joy became the most hated man in the world。

 he was one of our instructors and he was doing this because he created a video that went viral of him hooking up with girls in Japan。

 they got edited to make it look like he was actually forcing hookups on girls。

 which is crazy if you look at the videos of girls' faces are blur。

 but just smiling to laughing or joking around but at the same time。

 when we saw the media bashing him and making fabricated implications。

 taking statements and saying jokes like he was joking about a certain situation。

 taking it as serious and they're not doing it just with him but even my business partner。

My business partner was talking about how。He was like the king of the jungle。 He was like the lion。

 You got a mate with the female lion。 you get on her and mate rigorously。

 And then I remember a news article。 I think it was a really popular news magazine globally popular。

 what guess legitimate news source was saying that he was advocating the rape of lions。

 which is crazy people are quoting that If you quote any popular comedian it could be done in a bad way。

 So we about this second policy， all meat is bad， avoided just。😊，The truth is， though。

 you God has share your message。You kind of get your message out there because the public opinion。

 even though it is not your main source when you're in business or main source when you're trying to manage reputation。

 you' got to share your message to avoid problems because the public's opinion does somewhat matter because if you get too many people in the public to say bad things about you。

 they could lead to larger attacks。The thing is， I actually took my first class at Harvard in legal studies studying。

The Constitution and the media in the USA wondering how is it possible that media can get away with saying whatever they want and the law says that you can say whatever you want about a public figure。

This was a law that was created to avoid what people call adicious libel。

 which is when you could attack a government。And then you get prosecuted for it。

 even if you're just expressing your opinion， but the thing is public figures and officials can include YouTube celebrities。

 it can include anyone who's putting their face out there publicly。

And they can say whatever they want about that person as long as it's not supposedly done with malicious intent and it's completely fraudulent。

Challengge is proving the first part。The former， which is malicious intent。

 trying to prove that I was done wrong， as opposed what most media sources say we just trying to share your story。

Now。Increasing your web traffic， getting out there， sending your message out there I think is really。

 really， really important。So。So important because a lot of people don't even know who you are or what you do if you're in business and in our situation。

 so many people didn't know what real social damage was about how we were involved with the self-improv。

 how to use the positive aspects of self-improvement in picking up girls can be used to change all sorts of aspects of your life lot of people didn't realize that they saw a lot of our humor and our jokes and so much edgy humor and edgy jokes and it could take it as like a serious threat to their culture。

 especially people that are seriously involved with。Conservative religious values。

Most of our clients and most of our staff are agnostic。

 single guys that are really just out there to have a lot of fun。So I mean。

 there's a lot of messages out there that could kind of contort the message you're trying to convey。

 but you can control your own message。And you could do so in the same way that we try to do it。

 What we try to do in real social dynamics is just to get a loyal following of loyal fans。

 the people who actually care about our message and just get the message to those particular people。

Now the public。And the mainstream， people that are really just trying to get a story out there。

 they may or may not like what we have to say， but if we get a really awesome， entertaining。

 great value out of it， that loyal fan basease will grow and grow and grow and grow。

And we're in a situation in the same way of other controversial artists， like P hopop artists。

 they had the same kind of situation where they tried to just chase that loyal fan base。

 to be true in themselves， be true that their fans， try to express their message。

 it's kind of like a form of art。Other things though we're also doing is we're meeting up with a lot of successful publicists。

 people that have dealt with crisis management and are dealing with criticism。

One of them was a guy named Bernstein who told us that we should develop a miss and facts page and disseminate that when there's future attacks and dispel any myths that are wrong。

 we're doing that we're also doing our own voices， we're also creating videos about this and we're also slowly disseminating a lot of these messages in our social media and our YouTube channels so in the future we could be ready for that and be ready with a response for interviews because although media catastrophes and media news。

Theyy do a lot of positive things， like for example。

 we had scandalous scandalous things talked about many of our instructors from around the world and it multiplied our web traffic massively。

 huge spike and may have even increased our email list up to 16 times in one of our scandals。

But the thing is。That's not necessarily what you're trying to do you want a situation where you can explain the facts clearly so that in the long run。

 you're not going to deal with negative issues another thing you might want to do。

In any kind of company is to separate the brands of your various product lines。

 So if one brand has a certain media relations issue， you have your other brands that are separate。

 So one of the things that we're also doing now。We're separating our team of instructors into our own separate brands。

Joian's building a self transcendence company。 and it's a company that is on self improvementrov。

 He has a new channel for it， like Jo himself。We have other instructors who have other businesses on the side that are subsidiary companies of RSD that have their own brand and that an example could be immersion。

 Vegas immersion。And as they're brand in and of it itself， the immersion program。

 having a longer term training in the boot camps， and if we ever had a situation where these brands need to be separate companies。

 separate entities with drone banking and processing they have that and it allows us also to deal with law and the media because we could say like this is one guy's brand this is another but in the future I think what we're going do is we're going to spawn faster I know the last media crisis we had where it was like a global scandal。

Did didn't have any training Our company never really had a global influence to the point where we actually needed to have。

 say press conferences and stuff like that。But we will definitely be doing that in the future as I've had a lot of friends now since having to go through the challenges of being in the media。

 because I think that we had one year where we were in just one month， over 100。

000 media outlets around the world。And we're a global company， but we're not like Cocacoa。

 but at the same time， once you get to the point where your reach。

 your influence is as powerful as what we have， even if our revenue is not as large as these other companies that influence that movement is so powerful that it attracts the public attention around the world。

 And as a result， these opinions matter。 we want to do business in countries around the world。

 we want to make sure that we're solid and that people know this。Now。

 the challenge that we face is that presently。Even though the public message that we have is out there。

We needed to be stronger。When I ask people if they've heard about our company。

 one out of five people， 20% of people will know who we are， they might have heard about us。

 they might have heard about us a lot， they might not have heard about us very much。

 but they've heard stories about us。And I believe in the future， maybe 10， maybe 20 years now。

 everyone will know about who we are somewhere to NWA。 we're at first。

They were like the straight out of Comp hip- hop artists and they were rapping and talking about their lives living on the street and people were saying theyre promoting violence。

 but what they were trying to do was just trying to share their circumstance so people understand where they're coming from and do it an artistic way in our situation we're trying to educate people in terms of how to pick up girls and trying to do them in a positive way as well And I think when people start realizing who we are we got our message out there。

It'll be stronger， it'll grow， it'll hit that global influence so that we are mainstream。

 the image we have in the mainstream will be an image that is more in our control。

