# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：4动机_04. Motivation【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

What motivates people to great success？Well， I know what motivates Tower is that he really wants to make an impact in the world。

What motivates me is I want to make an impact in the world on a global scale for business。

 And Ty wants to make a global impact in the world in terms of influencing and changing the lives of others。

 And I I I also want to do that。 And Ty also wants to grow a global company。

 But his main motivation in life is impact。😊，My main meeration life is some kind of an impact。

And I think that most people want to make that kind of impact in life。

 they want to be remembered for something， they want to have a legacy。

 even if it's just a memory for a certain periods of time after they're gone。

A lot of people won't admit that。I think a lot of people with motivation is to just make an impact in their own lives and that's what they'll say to themselves。

 but they want to help other people。 I have really successful friends that said they never even think about that legacy and I think thats that might be true。

But I think deep down intuitively， just in the instinctual gut basis of our being。

 all of us do want to actually make that impact and change the world in a better way。

Even if it's just the game to do so， even if it's just a thing to do。

 that's what we kind of like feel we need to do is nurturing desire。

 a lot of us have this natural desire to protect our friends and the family to help them。

And after we do that， we want to protect people who aren't even our friends and family and make them part of our friends and family and help them。

I think as humans we naturally want to do this after you have some success at first you just want to cover your basic needs and survive and you want to grow yourself but eventually you get to this point and most successful people will get to this point and by getting to that point you'll also more likely get more success in your life in general in all areas。

 business， social， personal what have you you know your family life will get better。

 your friends will get better。I personally want to help loyal ours dealerers。

You know when I'm looking at our company situation， if we're struggling。

 I'll think about those people that are loyal RSD team members， instructors。

 and I'm thinking you know what， I want to stay loyal to these guys is they are loyal to me I want to do what I can and grow this company I'll do that for also are loyal fans and the rest of the business administration but first and foremost。

 those people that have really dedicateddicate their entire identity like our RSD instructors and how they can change the world because these are the influencers and they can't influence the world they can't make that change and all the work that I've done that impact disappears That's where a lot of my motivation comes from。

I also desire to prove to myself how far I can go。I know that some people will actively try to seek drama in their lives。

 A lot of girls do that。 On the other hand， I know a lot of pickup bars who will do that in order to pick up as many girls as possible or many girls at the same time as possible。

For me。I want to prove how far I could go。In the business world， in my personal and family life。

And really push things forward。That motivates me very， very strongly。

I think also it comes from a sense of adventure and exploring so I can know what life has to offer。

 I would hate to have a situation where I'm on my deathbed。

 I'm thinking back and I'm not knowing what happened more than anything else。

I want to test the boundaries of the possible。In business。

 I've tested it continually by seeing how far I could float this company and grow how fast。

And sometimes it's too fast so we have to slow down I've done that on a physical scale where I've entered everything from myman competitions to marathons and see how physically I could go before my body starts giving out and need to recover。

I've been doing that in terms of trying to participate in many activities at the same time。

 ever since I was a teenager， I was trying to join like every student organization doing work and going to school。

 all at the same time to see how I could possibly manage my time to the maximum extreme and still push things forward。

I've done this to see the boundaries of what's possible。

 I've had days when I was studying or working on a huge legal case or I was working on a project for university or academia。

I was staying up like three， four nights in a row just to see how far I could push that barrier under the belief that sleeping is for when you're dead and then you just keep pushing forward I know to do a healthy thing。

 but just seeing how far you could test your body and your mind。

 I think has always been something that I've always been fascinated by。

Helping others also have a similar mindset of happiness is also a lot of fun。

I like helping those people， especially those people that have dedicated their loyalty and trust to me。

Helping them have a similar healthy mindset。You know。

 people that I know that they're not necessarily asking or hoping to get something out of me。

 they're just around there's friends， they might not even know RSD。

 but like trying to help these people just because I know that it's cool， I think it's fun。

I have this natural。Background growing up， you can bring stories of the good guy stopping the bad guy story books from my mom。

 reading me stories or watching movies。 So I had this natural goal to stop injustice。

 or what I believe is injustice， especially if it's happening to my local friends and family。

I'm not so far blown that I've helped my family and my friends so much that I want to invest in random people。

 like let's say going to the Ivory Coast and voluntary my time to help those people I think that's kind of cool if you're really into that right now I'm just trying to help focus on those people that have affected my life or those people that have surely loyalty to the causes that I've believed in and making sure that they're not justly treated。

Because that happens quite frequently being。CEO of a highly controversial company。

 And I have more than enough injustices to try to stop and work on to grow this company to take us to the next level。

The goals of my friends， though， are usually the same goals that I have because I want to help my friends succeed。

So I will do whatever I can to find out what my friend's short term and long term goals are。

And make sure that they actualize。 I will put full force the power of R SD to make sure that that happens。

 Most of my friends， though， are RD students and RD instructors and staff。On the other hand。

 rest of them are just random business owners that are on a very similar path to me。

It's just that they're not involved with the business selling pickup through mapping involved in the selling of widget。

 A， B， and C。And also the goals of my family。My family motivates me to succeede because I want to help them these are people that I've been caring about me since solve it' as a little kid。

And I will do whatever it takes， make sure it're successful Im so far blown I will literally fly across the country just to go to my family members' birthdays。

 even if I'm in like an international country， I had a situation where there was a birthday dinner I need to go to just a dinner。

 just as so support， I flew all the way from London to Iceland to California to fly to that。

 just to fly to dinner before I need to fly back to Europe and to need my work。

Because I view that work。Is usually second to the friends and family that you have， but then again。

 work for me now involves me working with people who I also view as friends and family。 I view Tower。

 I was more my brother than I view him as like a friend or a business associate because I know that。

He views me in a very similar way and I think that when you have that mindset。

 I think it's really valuable， you look at a lot of movies and movies have had a huge profound impact on me learning about things I've learned a lot about managing difficult situations with business with the community。

 with high levell individuals with a lot of power from watching how people deal with similar kinds of people in movies。

 not because I believe that movies are real， but because I believe that a lot of people who make movies do a lot of research before they create the movies and they try to portray ams possible what it be like if you're in those situations。

So I'll watch a movie like Fast nefarious and one of the main characters is a guy who continually says。

 I don't have friends， I only have a family。And that's a huge motivating value that I have in my life。

 it's kind of another value that is shared with like mafia movies。

 and although I don't believe in criminal activity and dissemination of things that can hurt society overall。

I believe in helping society overall， but I believe in those family values。

And extending that and being motivated by the ability to help those people that I considered being part of that family。

 that not necessarily a natural family， but the RSD family。

 I think that these are mindsets that have motivated me。 Now， I know that on the other hand。

 I think a lot of people can take some of these values and utilize them in your life as well。

