# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：05.社交游戏_05. Social Game：01.创造全球社会资本_01. Creating Worldwide Social Capital_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

People are always intrigued about how I was able to create social capital， not just locally。

 but all around the world。Well， you never know when you're going to see someone again。

 so you should always invest in them。So many of my friends that I've met are people that actually thought I might not never see again。

 but because I was able to stay in contact， not just with social media， even before social media。

 just following up with telephone calls， text messages， and more importantly。

 whenever I went to their city， I would meet up with them。

 that was the best way to stay in touch with people。Now。

 most people are not just traveling to the same cities around the world again and again。

 but I know so many friends that have met up with people around Asia or Europe and have gone back to these places just to meet up with your longtime friends and had a free place to crash had people to socialize with and now they're friends for several years and they return to favor when they come visit the other party and doing this not only allows you to have that social circle。

 like an immediate social circle when you travel to a city on the other side of the planet。

 it allows you to also gain a really cool insight the hidden gems of the city new adventures you never to explore and a lot of really cool stories that most locals will only show to other friends if you're a tourist have a typical thing that you usually view like a tour or to see some sight but the true value of a city actually knowing the people who are there and doing that has been one of the secrets also help RSD because we have developed that every city almost every city that is a metropolitan city over a million people we have developed。

local contacts， local social circles and people that are going to help us out。

 so when we travel there we have that local network that we always reach out to。

Most of them are now known as RSC Inter circleircle chapters。

 So if you guys wanted to join your own local network and have people that could do this for you。

 we've actually helped facilitate that process for those of you who are interested in me and guys that are interested in RSD stuff and just RSD stuff so if you go to RSCnation co and click on groups you can get a list of all the RSC inner circle chapters which are Facebook groups where you can meet up with people and travel around the world。

 However， developing one of your own is also a great skill。

 filling it with not just cool guys that hang out with our interested in RSD。

 but also beautiful girls， it's really awesome to have that。

 especially since if youre a single guy a lot of these girls will introduce you to their single friends if you are deep their contacts So sort your contacts by city and don't just blow it with like mass text until you develop deeperport。

 but do that。😊，嗯。Do do that and then build deeper rapport。 So I mean。

 what I used to do is when I was living in Los Angeles and I was a single guy in my 20s。

 I would text message almost every other day， just inviting people。 almost everyone in my phone。

 Co guys and girls just to hang out have drinks at a bar。 a co would have you。

 So it'd say that I messaged 100 people。 I would on average， get 10 of those people to just show up。

 I was texting so often but other people， I would just invite them out。

 The funny thing is even from cold approach when you meet girls just randomly and you might just text them out and maybe a quick quote approach pick。

 you got a phone number。 It's not very deep。 you might actually develop it deeper just from stuff like this。

 I invited one girl out for three years like once a week to different events and she'd never responded And eventually there was a situation where we start hanging out and seeing each other。

 And it was something that just happened for me doing this regular follow ups and turned in a deeper rapport。

 So it's surprising。 So invite。😊，People to be hanging out with you on a regular basis。

 I know in Vegas， I'm really lucky because I have people who come to my house。

 so I have many extra bedrooms in my house。 So I'm really lucky because unlike a lot of people。

 Vegas is a city where I live and it's a place that people travel to So three out of four weeks every month I have people come visit me。

 crash with me and hang out with me from all over the world。

 So I'm very lucky to have that kind of hub。 if you live in a metropolitan city。

 you might be lucky to have that as well。 However， you don't necessarily have to do that or to get there。

 But I mean， staying in touch with people requires you to know the time zones， having technology。

 can use X co and track time zones and convert it and we do that for business because we have clients all over the world as well。

 In fact， when we first are building RsD inner circle。

 I was personally calling guys from all the chapters from all around the world just kind of help them build their chapter organize special events。

 in fact， even travel all these different cities just to organize events for them。😊。

Having a knowledgedge of global events and events you could attend is a pretty cool thing。

 It's great because when you have friends who want to hang out and go to a certain city I kind of like their resource people will come to you hey。

 I'm coming to this city can you introduce me to some people and it's kind of a great way to stay in touch with people being that kind of guy being that connector I know party promotes get that naturally VIP host get that naturally and a lot of people that before they become a coach or maybe on a side even water a coach for Vegas immersion。

 which is our program where you go out every night in Vegas pick girls get great coaching well a lot of the coaches will have these jobs in the industry a side jobs just because it's such a great way to build a So circle really get cut into the scene。

😊，And knowing these things are awesome。The other thing you should know when you're traveling is how to travel super cheap if you're on a budget。

 especially if you're a student， for example， I was able to travel first class I'm trained to 21 countries for just $500 and I was couchuring from city to city using my friends Mars Interciircle and the volunteer network there's also sites like couchuring sites where people will actually just host random people under couches in fact I was doing this from random forum dedicated to picking up girls from way back the day even before RSD was created just to meet up with people。

With services out there presently， where some people will even pay money just to hang out with people。

 in fact， yesterday I heard from somebody that they are actually making money。

From getting paid to hang out with other people， they're on a website where you actually like it was like a rent or friend website。

 it's amazing the stuff exists。But they're basically in cities where people don't know other people and they're getting paid to do that。

 but now you have other tools where you actually do that a lot easier， like meetup groups。

 Facebook groups， social groups， you have all sorts of ways to do that with the power of the internet。

 so use established groups and sites more to meet people。And you could really tap into this。

 I remember back in the day when Pick was first start theres these things called pickup layers and then me turned them into RSC chapters。

 but these were ways that people could meet up。And help each otherter out。

I created these groups for RSD clients because I thought that having people the same mindset and having the organized parties together would develop that social circle setting and I've always won RSD not just to be about pickup。

 but also in terms of using those same skills for social settings and it really attracts a lot more interesting people。

Even earlier today when I was in between my video shoots in terms of creating this product between like the daytime and the nighttime。

 I had people over and I had a small party in between shoots and we socialized had drinks and this is something that was just a spurd moment thing where we had a dozen two dozen people come over I haven't been living in Los Angeles for over half a decade。

 but I was still able to do this without having to live in the city just because I had really established connections。

And I've used a lot of social media to stay in touch with people。

 I mean previously I was on every social media channel that was possibly out there now our RSD instructors are still doing that today but are' doing it for marketing purposes because on business purposes。

 using social media to stay in touch is a huge way to stay in touch with your customers and it's also a great way to turn these customers into friends。

 follow the movement， know what's going on。We also have a strong presence in networking with local experts。

 you know， locals don't always know what's going on， but just's local experts in every community。

 kind of like local celebrities。And so I always look for those people that are really in touch with that in Las Vegas it's my buddy Tony because he has a lot of those connections。

 however I also looked for organizations that were in touch with my interests， for example。

 there's local business and entrepreneur groups when I first moved to Harvard Verde University。

When I was out there， I met up with the entrepreneurs organization and I met up immediately into a network of a couple hundred guys that kind of share ideas。

 go out， hang out and organize regular events and this allowed me to develop almost。

Immediately a really awesome soul circle which turned into me holding parties with corporate sponsors and events and all sorts of really cool things。

 but I could only do this by leveraging the power of social media。

 local groups and in getting everyone together。You yourself， though， should be a local expert。

 You should know your city inside and out。 I used to spend tons of hours literally every day for years just trying to find out the coolest of the cool。

 the most elite social events I could find those are kind of like the searches I would find trying to find luxury social groups or elite social circle groups or elite social clubs just high end events or some sort entrepreneurs or people that were interested in high end services and high end events because I wanted to surround myself by really high cower women and really high cower guys that I could also hang out and have as friends。

😊，A lot of you guys may not want to do that maybe you just want to get involved with your local interests。

 so look for that， try to be the guy who does it and if you don't have events in your city that are there that are doing these kind of things。

 organize them yourself， then you become that local expert。

 you become at local Pro when I was at Harvard University。And living in Cambridge。

 a lot of the guys who were there were kind of just you know academic guys。

 really smart intellectual guys， but most of their time was spent studying or just some lunches or quick pubs and I kind of changed that by organizing very elaborate elaborate events at my house having like wine tasting。

 corporate sponsors or wine tastings， food tasting， hiring private chefs。

 I do this every single month and I started off with is a small group of a few dozen people and they got in a circle involved and it just became too crazy。

 I mean I remember my last party I had a situation where we even had so many people at our house that people were coming in just from the street and they're just saying。

😊，Hey， I found out about this party just when walking down a street， it's so cool。

 who's the host of the party and it was actually me。

 and it's surprising that as a result now I'm trying to hold a much smaller event。

 but just goes to show you how far you could go in terms of building a community that attracts a lot of people。

