# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：10.主要行业问题与RSD的成功_10. Major Industry Issues Vs RSD Success【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Questionion from many students， especially people that have been following the industry。

The industry of pickup artists and PUA will wonder how is RSD able to transform itself into the largest dating company for dating coaching in the world？

Yet all these other competitors from all over the world that usedB poppers magically disappear。

The average competitor in an industry usually dies after about 18 months。

Or they'll just fade into their existence of being a one man company that generates a normal middle class income that they could have gotten from just working at their local Starbucks。

And the reason why is because RSD does things way differently。

 we have also way more talent in terms of business administration and content in most other companies and the idea of creating an interchangeable team of people that do cross promotional。

 cross functional roles is extremely difficult and complex and sophisticated to do。

 especially when you're doing it on a global scale。On the other hand。

It's also because we have the best content， it's a gold standard。

 we're always doing our content from the field， it's not like we're rehearsing and memorizing material。

 everything we're kind of saying for the most part is off the cuff from what we learned from the field and it's so ingrained into our memory and our thought process。

It's just that when we're in seminar， it's kind of like。you know。

 just creating multiple versions of what to say， what to do and just having a finite amount of time to say it。

 and so you're just trying to cram as much information as you can in that finite amount of time。

I remember that。T0 years ago， Tyler used to tell me。And he just had so much content。

That was like watching the movieSt Wars， the introduction to it where you see the words coming down the screen。

And you can see the words coming Now for him， it's like having that times two where you have two different split screens and you get pull information from one screen and one information from the other。

 and he just has so much information。And our instructors are all learning about how to do that by just hitting the field。

 having massive amounts of content， having a team and resources to support them to have that singular focus。

On creating this awesome content and transferring it to you。

 the other thing is RSD has me able to be at the competitors becauses the individualized attention that you get people very personalized when you create a boot camp with the low one to one。

2，01 or three，1 maximum ratio。And have a situation where you could actually talk to the gurus directly on a frequent basis。

 as opposed to just writing a book。Putting it out there。

 maybe having a large groups seminar for like $100 and having like 10000 people show up。

 we have much smaller groups。 we have much more interactive possibilities。

 everything from one on one webinar coaching to one on one seminar time to small group sessions in addition to the large group sessions that's pretty individualized we've done that because we found that if you change these ratios。

 the ability to transfer information is way more difficult to take from our head and transfer it into a students and have him actively get the results that he wants to get And for us a company that spent almost no money on marketing and advertising expenditures other than like AV gear of course and the personnel。

I like spending massive amounts of money on ads is because we rely on that word of mouth goodwill that's developed from having clients get master assessed。

 ensuring it with their friends in their hometown they go home and ensuring that they have talent。

 guys have the most talent。Our guys have the most to transfer that high talent to others so if you look at our students and you compare the students from other companies in our industry you'll notice that they're usually like the cool guys they're not dressed in some weird way or trying to do some gimmick like using hypnosis or magic they're guys who are just trying to convey the coolest aspects of who they are and the right way understanding the social dynamics gang results。

They're carrying these same skills to all aspects of their business so they're like。An ultimate guy。

 theyre like a guy that guys want to hang out with， they guys。

 the successful and beautiful girls want to hang out with。

And I think that's a very unique talent to do to train people to become these kind of guys。

 Image consultants have been trying to do this for years。

 And we've been doing this as pick artists doing the exact same thing and doing it in a much deeper。

 more profound and meaningful way for the lives for our clients and students。 So we。

 we do that through sharing not just the paid content making sure that our guys have to follow up for the rest of their lives with massive amounts of free content。

 In fact， our free content According to our competitors because I' really view their content。

 But I have had tons of competitors apply for jobs for us and tell us that they want to work with us because our free content。

😊，It's better than their paid content， and they don't know how that's possible that we're able to give away so much value for free。

 pass the buck on that free line to those。Students。

 so they would go into our paid programs realize wow， if these guys is free contents this good。

 let's check out their paid content and see how I could take myself to the even higher next level and also because people when they get involved with our programs。

 we keep track of those students and they get a little feather in the cap and the students that buy the most can to special opportunities that our students don't get there might be a time in the future where they can even participate in programs that aren't even made public and public to the future because we know who these peoples are based upon their history and that's definitely happening in small ways now and much larger ways in the future。

The thing is。We want to make a situation where our paid experiences can't just be like shared with other people。

 like buying a DVD and sharing with all your friends。

 so a lot of the things we'll have will be opportunities to actually interact with us。For example。

 if you sign up for a boot camp， it's not like you just video record it and shared the videos with people and they will have that life experience that they've had。

You know， it's a toy different experience， it's like when you used to buy CDs from an artist as opposed to going to their concert。

Yeah， you can share the music on iTunes and YouTube。

 but going to see that concert live and being a part of the community and feeling the music and having that feeling being there with the people that you've been celebrating with。

 you're celebrating your moments in life with just from the rhythms of their beats。

 it's just a toy different experience。But monitoring our most loyal customers and purses also not just led to that but also led to us contacting these guys for opportunities to be VIP hosts when we come to certain cities。

 we'll contact some of most loyal customers and say， hey。

 there's an opportunity for you to volunteer for a program or hey， we're coming here for a boot camp。

 we'd love to have you get involved or hey， we're looking for leaders within the RSD Inter circle community or people that become potential interns。

 part of payroll part of a certain job we'll get to know the people that are our customers。

Especially from the live programs and people that have studied a lot of our digital products will usually eventually become people who would go to our live programs as well。

 and they'll be more intelligent in their conversations and questions because when you come to a live programs were always open a Q and A we were interested in getting to know our customers and we usually ask you questions as well to find out get to know you guys better so can improve upon our content because only regular communication with our client base with any client base。

 It's how a successful business we know how to improve their product， how to improve their program。

 know what they want。 I know for sure， there's no way I would have created this program that I'm creating right now。

 if it wasn't for the fact that Ter was reaching out to our customer base and finding out that they wanted to actually learn and interact with me。

 And as a result， that's why we're here today。😊，You've got to also stay in that cutting edge of technology when you're involved anything。

Things change。 time change。 technology changes。 the way you pick up girls will change from culture。

 from technology， from social resources， from the media， from any number of various things。

 And we're always studying。 We're always in the field。

 We're always changing all the different things in their lives。 So as a result。

 We're always on the cutting edge。 Most people don't do that。

 A lot of people will even just try to like copy old stuff that we used to publish。

 rehash it and think that， oh， our client base will now be successful。

 and they'll be interested in buying my products and it never works because people want to learn from innovators。

 People who are always cost me commit new stuff。😊，It's extremely rare to be RSD。

 to be able to pump out new content every day of the week all year round in videos。

 putting them on RSNN， putting one of the YouTube channels and putting it out there and to organize products with systems。

It's almost impossible for almost any publishing house to do that as a result they have to externally get。

Authors or people that they may or may not even be part of influencing。 Where we。

 weve created a tight team of guys that we believe are extremely smart。

 though many geniuses everywhere that can just create massive amounts of content。We co approach。

 we network， we do the real thing that we want to teach our clients because we believe that the value of having that skill set is so strong and so valuable and so life altering and life changing that it is the most important thing。

 it is the thing that will change your life in every aspect your dating in life， your business life。

 your social life。It is the most。Profound emotional thing is also the thing that will affect your innerga and your belief system。

That's why I believe that it was so important to also remind people。

The skills you learn and pickup really aren't just for pickup。

 A lot of people will get like a relationship or maybe they'll get married and they'll just totally forget about RSD。

 but they'll forget that the skills that they learn from all of this can be applied to all sorts of other aspects of your life。

 I wanted to create that lifetime customer value and make it longer。

 I wanted to create the scale so you guys could realize that this is the true path of why we created RSD real social dynamics。

 not Dan dynamics， real social dynamics because this is the original game plan of this company and as we mature we finalize and firm up the infrastructure for the pickup and dating parts of this business。

 you're going to see us go deeper and deeper into these other aspects of how in the long run。

 your life can change from using the skills that you've learned who following us through the years to come。

