# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：13.口碑和游击队营销_13. Word of Mouth & Guerilla Marketing【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

RSD was based on a lot of word of mouth and guerrilla marketing。

I think a lot of the lessons learned from this can help people that want to be entrepreneurs and also just a really interesting story that may inspire other people because a lot of it had to deal with using networking skills that could help you in your social life。

 day in life and business life， and we use it to build RSD。First of all。

 when we were trying to get our first customers， we are on internet discussion boards they don't really exist anymore。

 but what we did do is we would just email people， literally sending individual emails to people to get their number to see if they want to hang out。

We were lucky that law of Internet discussion boards were organized by city so we would go to a particular city and just literally email people one by one we didn't have these scripts or macros to automatically download all their emails we literally just copied and pasted it but I always had a really hard work ethic I remember when I was a kid I wanted to apply for an interview with the investment bank Goldman Sachs。

 I literally cut and paste not cut and paste I literally typed up every single email address from a phone directory I got from doing a tour of their company and emailed every single person that worked under company from around the world to try to get three interviews which I got。

Same thing happened here when we' were doing discussion boards to try to get clients。

 we would call people after getting their email， we would get their phone number and then I would talk to them on the phone and pass the phone to tower。

 he'd share some stories and some tactics， Id get them on the phone and talk to them about how should meet up maybe at Starbucks or dinner。

Then when they show up at Starbucks for dinner， they might meet up with a dozen other people that I did the exact same thing to you and we'd give a presentation。

The idea though， of having that social setting， that social environment。

 just being a friend was actually the basic premise because even if they didn't want to buy anything。

 we were still willing to hang out with them at that dinner or even go out with them later。

But after we got the people to the Starbucks or to a restaurant for dinner。You know。

 everyone at the time was there just to hang out。 We didn't necessarily know each other。

 We started organizing free presentations at the time。

We were just sharing field reports and then basic tactics that we knew。

This was even before RSD was even a company。And we shared such interesting stories because what we were doing was so innovative and so creative so outside the box。

And people were just loving it。However， we were troing from city to city and we were in massive amounts of credit card debt。

So much so that we're even using some financial aid from university loans just to cover some of our costs of travel。

And as a result， we need to organize some kind of a formal program， so we said to people， hey。

 if you guys give us $600 from this presentation。We will actually organize for you a personalized curriculum to go pick up girls with us。

 just show up at this exact same Starbucks or dinner restaurant at a particular time and place。

And surprising enough for us when we first got started， but not so surprising later。

 90% of the people who showed up to these dinners were like， yeah。

Here's your money and it was so surprised that so many of these people gave us money for this program that it almost immediately turned into a viable business。

You know，One of the things we had going for us back in the day， though。Was that there was these。

 in ABC city in the world， there was these unusual fraturities。Seduction layers。

 it was what they were called dedicated to picking up girls。Everywhere。

 thousands of people in cities around the world and hidden organizations dedicated to picking up girls。

 there was no one teaching them， there was no one guiding them。

 there were just organized chapters around the world。

So what we did was we actually went to these places。And we talked to them about how to pick up girls。

And we told them that look we actually have a program and no one else had a program at the time。

 we took them out during the day to pick up girls and we took them out during the night to pick up girls and gave them feedback on what they' were doing right and wrong at the end of the night by doing demonstrations throughout the day and what have we also saw mass improvement throughout the day。

It was amazing。Nowadays， we have RD inter circle chapters in Facebook groups。

 The cool thing is now we're leveraging already existing technologies to reach larger audiences that have a similar kind of effect。

 just that now there's RD。 Now we have an organized structure for pretty much。😊。

People everywhere and every possible kind of dating or pickup situation。

And we're using social media marketing in terms of creating that same pat structure and also sharing our message and our brand or image through this。

Now。In terms of word of mouth marketing， there's nothing better because then you have a group of friends sharing with their friends。

 videos， tactics， ideas， articles， and as a community sharing their successes。

 and we're able to watch that as well and know it's working and it also helps us refine our message and actually it has a huge influence on our productc development in our programs。

For those people that were really active， they also might have attended some parties because I've even used it to organize events。

I've thrown parties in New York City， rented boats in Sydney in London。

 and I've had all sorts of dinner parties in Amsterdam and other cities just with people from these organizations and then people who are volunteering in these organizations in these RC Inter circleircle chapter Facebook groups who actually do it themselves as well for your local membership。

 it's because it's fun。But at the same time， they're helping us by getting people involved with our movement。

 involve with what we're doing。I'd even gone so far as even to try to create video game accounts where my username was RSD CEO。

com or RSCNation。com。And I was hoping that people would sign up for program and actually have gotten a few people who signed up for our programs because of that just by having my OS out there and being a great video game player。

 because ever since I was a little kid， I've beaten hundreds of video games。

I was so into video games as a kid that I had to two Nintendoos so that my brother and I could play at the same time in the same room。

On the other hand， the cheapest way to do Grilla style marketing has for us always been email marketing because in the very beginning。

 just staying in repeat contact with people via email。

Still is one of the most valuable ways to communicate with clients。

 We could literally do entire launches of marketing campaigns and world tours just off sending emails to people。

 I used to go to conferences called the Info marketing super conferences where there's a guy named Dan Kendy。

 used to talk about how he viewed his email this like Fort Knox and inside there was a bunch of gold。

 and he would literally just cash in every now and then on some of that gold。😊。

And if you have loyal fans， that's exactly who it is， on the other hand。

 if you just have a spam list of people that aren't interested in your product。

 it's completely worthless and it's worse because then it' will actually hurt your reputation and you're just wasting your time and also you're wasting your money and resources。

However。And sharing success stories with people who try to practice in service and in our situations to students。

 having them share it online with their friends is by far the most powerful word of mouth grill marketing tactic out there。

Because when you have raving fans from having gone through an awesome and amazingly successful program that has transferred those skills to them and they show off their fancy skills to their friends and their friends are like。

 whoa， I want to see that， that's cool。Yeah at the same time。

 the other thing that we've done is we've also empowered our clients to volunteer for us。

 they've become ambassadors， clients have become successful students and they've volunteered to help organize gatherings for us or just to get friends to come and maybe they'll even work their front door。

 work the registration tables。It's because they believe in our mission is。More than anything else。

 the people who attend RSD programs。And are attending again and again and again。

 are doing so because they're learning a lot， they're getting empowered。

 and I think that is the most powerful word of mouth marketing that you could do in any kind of organization。

