# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：14.同步作业管理_14. Simultaneous Job Management【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Some people who want to get involved with business or entrepreneurship are in a situation where they want to work multiple jobs at the same time。

It's possible， it's kind of like managing multiple relationships。

 multiple friendships at the same time。You know're。

Totally able to do it just that you're gonna have less time to do one。 I mean。

 I've done this with work。 I remember when I was living in San Francisco。

 I was working at Paine Weber， I was working at Fritz U at the same time。

 And I was able to do technology and get different valuable skills from both。

 I think that's a great thing to have。 I think it's also all awesome for people to do that by having multiple kinds of friendships。

 and developing learning lessons you get from having people from different backgrounds in the same way you do that for two different business backgrounds。

 The challenge is trying to do both full time。 That's almost impossible。😊。

But if you could get a situation where you could work with multiple companies part time。

 that's completely possible。I was doing most of this kind of thing when I was younger because now my only job is RSD。

At the same time， though， I found that the way I was able to run RSD wouldn't have been possible if I didn't get that varied experience from having multiple jobs。

And they weren't odd jobs They were all very legit companies。

 Another thing that I was trying to do is learn about politics， not just business。

 So I was working in the same summer at both the Democra National Convention and the Republican National convention。

 I was a page for one and I was on the financein hosting committee for the other。

 The financeinance hosting committee wasn't necessarily about finance。

 It was mostly about meeting up with VIP that paid tons of money just to watch famous people give speeches。

And you know， just make sure that they had access to a booth。

 they had access to like wine and network with these people， make sure they're having a good time。

I was doing all this stuff when I was really young。 know。

 this is stuff that I was doing when I was a teenager。 Yet at the same time。

 the lessons I learned are from just interacting with people from these very powerful organizations。

 large organizations allow me to get skills I could use even in my small organization。

 And I think that simultaneous job management in life experience is a wonderful thing in RSD。

 Most people in our company have interchangeable work skill sets。 And I think that's a key to RSD。

 For me， all the lessons I learned from working in finance or working in service providing industry or working in technology。

 These are things that you need to know in any kind of business。

 and these are things that have been keys to RSD success the roles and responsibilities I have are always continually changing。

😊，But I'm ready for that， but ready to go from instructing to business administration of all kinds。

 just on a turn of a dime。I'm able to do that， and I think most people are able to do that in my company。

 I have guys who are doing video editing and I have them do registration table work at a live event。

I guys were doing sales and they might then still be involved with operations。

But I think it's necessary because sometimes you don't need people to work exactly 40 hours just on sales。

 you might need them to work， 35 hours in sales and five hours in video production or vice versa。

When I was growing up。A common belief that I was told。Was from my father， he was telling me， Nick。

Don't be the jack of all trades and the master of none。Because。

I was always interested in getting involved with all sorts of various things。

 as opposed to committing myself as a kid to that one thing I felt was a passion。

 My passion was innovation， creativity and getting involved with all these different things。

 The passion was the process of the diversity。😊，And the thing is in RSD， that's exactly what we need。

I believe that you can be a master of some or a lot。 You don't need to be master know。

 of one kind of thing。 I'm not trying to be the master of all trades。

 but I do like the knowledge of having an advanced knowledge of all trades so that I can master those things that I really truly want to invest in time into master for me。

 a lot that has to been with all aspects of the business。

 And I'm truly a master of various aspects throughout the entire company of almost all aspects of all the roles and responsibilities I play throughout the whole company。

 And I've also gotten a lot of mastery through my dating life and just a a series of relationships I built through high in networking。

And all these things combined together allowing me to gain great skill sets。

 much from that diverse management process of managing different roles。

 different jobs and responsibilities。I was so interested in learning from all the different possible jobs and different possible entities out there。

I would volunteer， it was like philanthropy， community service。

 is that I'd volunteer my service to all sorts of large corporations。lararge companies。

 whether it was political campaigns for governor or presidential campaign。

 or might be me just contacting a computer technology company like Ewart Packard say I had to volunteer my time and some of this even led to pay jobs like I got a job at Intel I was so into computer technology at the time even got to fly on a private plane from Intel in one place and to Intel in another place and vice versa to meet with various crossmotional teams because I had a strong skill set and that I had mastery in a particular skill set。

Even though I was chasing all these different various things。I think it's very。

 very important to have this kind of mindset， and I think many institutions based their entire formal educational process and education on this as well。

For example， Harvard University is known as being a liberal arts education。

 especially for your undergraduate degree， and that's because a liberal art education。

 which is like that multi-job skills where you may not become a geologist。

 you may not become a rocket scientist or a chemist you might even become an economist or a businessman。

 but by having the knowledge of having studied you know chemistry， biology， business， economics。

 geology， all that stuff， you relate to people in a so much more interesting way。

 and you'll be surprised when the knowledge that you've learned from these various things may help you in conversation。

 may help you in making a decision about life or about business or your careers。In， in your life。

 you usually have career path changes。RSD， for example， even though it's one long term career。

 it's a career path that is jumped around with these people from one entity to the next。

 you know we weren't always called real social dynamics。

 you know we started off as being called Royal Command or something else。

It's pulling all the same people， me tower and a bunch of other people。

At the same time the way we run the company has been different， the structures have been different。

 what we teach has expanded， the same thing happens in your career。

 you might be like an engineer and then you go to another path。

 but working all these different jobs has been something that has really inspired me。

 but you got to plan in your time very carefully if you're going to do this because if you don't。

 you're going to end up losing everything。I personally am used to doing that because I've always personally had to overbooked my time've I've vieweded my life like an airline where I overbooked the number of seats on a plane very often I used to overbook。

Going out socially and inviting hang out with like six girls and doing that possibly all at the same time。

 or I invite。Like five guys all hang out the same time。 If multiple people said yes。

 then I guess I would be hanging out with multiple people or I would just change plans with one or the other because you never know who is going to be able to say yes and who's going to flake。

 that's why airlines do it， because statistically speaking， a certain number of people will flake。

 especially as you're developing social circle and it's not like a large。

 meaningful deep relationship with these people that you're trying to network with。

 And the same thing goes with jobs and business skill sets。

 Sometimes if you're first starting your career， especially。

 you're not like that established businessman。 you're kind of。

Diping your feet into the water and trying to figure out what you like and what you don't like and the skills you take from one job will be very interchangeable skills you can use in almost any other job。

 even if it's in to a completely different industry and it'll surprise yourself。

It remind yourself how different an industry can be where you can still take your skill sets in the business world and apply it to that particular business。

But be on top of your business and don't overstretch， know your boundaries。

 know what you can and cannot do， on the other hand you can't know what your boundaries are unless you really test the limits of your time and what you can and cannot do and that's a stressful process。

So you'll have to go through that process of overbooking if you really want to know what that process is to could take the conservative route and not do that。

But for those of you who want to take the risks of simultaneously job management。

 you know that you're going to be crossing that point。

 you're going be crossing that line where you have to take those risks。

