# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：07.关系管理_07. Relationship Management【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Managing a relationship， especially with a girl that you want to last。

Is something that is very different than the typical pickup process。For many。

 in order to get successful。They'll have a situation where they'll do the typical pickup and then they'll hook up with the girl and they'll try to turn that into a longer term relationship。

On the other hand， sometimes those relationships will be those kind of relationships that are really short and fluid because you're based on more of the sexual experience and adventure。

And enter times。Taking it slow doing those day twos and follow ups。Are usually going to result。

In a longer term relationship more than just a typical pickup artist pickup relationship where you just have the fast sex and then you continue forward with some kind of relationship。

And I think that。Usually， it's because you're basing it upon some kind of a friendship。

 even though there is an understanding。There there's sexual chemistry and emotional chemistry at the basis of your relationship。

 and you portray that from the first interaction。You know。

 you are obviously touching the girl and interacting with their going through some kind of physical process if you want to actually have a longer term dating relationship and have that continue forward。

Be cognizant。That there is a slower process that usually happens。

 a process of deeper meaningfulval conversations and what have you， on other hand。

 I know a lot of people who've done it the opposite route is just a crazy wild adventure。

 and they've lasted for a while。 I'm talking about those people who' have seen long terms and for people that even gotten married。

But make sure you're not coming across when you're interested in having this relationship as only platonic。

Especially if you're in that romance and courtship period and you're trying to figure out whether or not this girl is interested in you。

 but once you get that， once you have that established that you're both really actually interested in the cheddar for purposes of dating。

You can do things like clarifying your desires that you want to help them establish a queer vision and lifestyle together。

That's what a relationship is。 You're actually talking about the common。

 mutual things that you could help eachche on， just like you do with any other kind of friendship。

And even know RSD instructors who have been in relationships where they've even helped their girlfriends graduate from college。

 given all the support， resources even help them with their educational topics because they're all very highly educated guys。

 most of my RSD instructors are highly educated guys who even a formal educational process。Now。

 in terms of。What it means for like。Relationships for。

Or sparking that relationship if you're still in that process of courtship。

Don't be concerned if you're following up with the girl and it may take like a lot of back and forth to get her to meet up with you。

 a lot of people are concerned that they're just spending so much time gaming that girl and they're doing it via text message while other people you know will respondwning like you invite your friends out and you're like hey。

 you want to meet up and they just these meet up。Sometimes with girls。

 you have to do a lot of the back and forth， you know sharing stories and doing all that remotely because especially if you're in that dating period。

 she might be dating at other people， she might have a lot of her friends and you're not necessarily the number one thing in her life to focus on at that time you guys。

Haven't had a long established history of a few years of friendship or anything like you might have with their close friends。

But don't worry about that。 Just realize that there's a process。 you're taking that mindset slower。

 especially if you're in the same city as girls that you want to date and you could continually message them and you had the time to do that with multiple girls at the same time。

For some people， this process might seem like a lot of work， and that's fine。In fact， for me。

 I viewed the whole process of dating and building relationships and even relationship management with my social circle。

 kind of like a business where I viewed myself as a CEO of my own business。

 relationship management company。And I still didn't look at that even。For like my dating life。

I think that if you look at it like you have a business or you have a job and you have all sorts of task rules。

 responsibilities in your job that have to be met at a certain time。

You have all sorts of players that you need to interact with and talk to。

 if you look at them from that standpoint， yeah， you have work and sometimes that part of that work and that management of contacts and what have you is not fun work。

 the same thing happens in your job， a lot of it sucks。You know。

 most jobs have those things that are routine， but if you know that。

 you accept that and you know that there's also these awesome rewards to any kind of job。

 you also get these awesome rewards for any kind of system that manages your dating relationship。

 management system， you know， if you put in the time you put in a work。

 it will lead to great fruits of labor。So think about that。

 respect the relationship management process， respect the relationships that you have。

 and treat it where you view everyone is having valuable time。And if you do that。

 I think it's going to allow you to stick to the point of what's going on here， which is， you know。

 a relationship is something that revolves around。You having these mutual responsibilities。

 mutual roles， and also having fun together， but not intruding on the fact that everyone has your own social circle already established。

 you're not like kids anymore where your only social circle was the class that you're forced upon an elementary score。

 something like that。Also。Realize that when you're in new relationships or you're growing relationships or you have a large amount of relationships in your social circle。

That there's a lot of people that may be really cognizant of how they're portrayed other people。

 so much so that they're afraid of saying the wrong thing。

And there was a book about radical honesty where people who were saying exactly what undermined were conveying that they overall had more success。

In getting the results that they wanted from their relationships with their friendships。

 because people could trust that who they were was exactly what they were conveying what they were saying。

On the other hand， net school thought comes from the people who teach the crucial accountability programs。

 which is the thought that people will come from two kinds of thought processes。

 one is how much comfort to have with you and the other is how much violence you have in your communication process in terms of are your values going to clash and are you going to say things that are somewhat offensive without considering the fact that are people have different opinions。

And that also is a huge problem when you're doing say relationship management in business。

On the other hand， people are bosses and CEOs are often the kind of people that have various top types of personalities。

 and it can tolerate various types of violence levels in terms of your communication。

 So on the other hand， I view that it's more powerful to rely on the radical honesty kind of side of things than to rely on the side of kind of shutting up and hiding and not really showing your true side of who you really are。

 because if you go to that side of who you are youre more likely to end up in a realm where you're overlooked。

 you're unknown and you' just have a lot less trust。 you might have more comfort。

 but they might not even care to actually follow up with you。

 You might have people that are totally cool to hanging out with you。

 but you're kind of like invisible。So calibrate your speech。

 calibrate your conversation to the people that you're interacting with。And practice this。

 find the ways where the people that are in relationships。

 the people that you care about the most have that mutual mission。

Where you're looking to accomplish a certain thing with the inner person。

 your goals is have to align most of your friends。You know， their goals will be maybe just have fun。

 other people will be friends with you because they're hoping that they're be able to learn from you or they maybe hoping that they could just play a common interest like a sport with you。

So。I think that in most people's friends， though， people will or even in relationships。

Hooking people in emotionally or getting them interested in a certain。

Aspect of who you are is going to be more valuable than trying to seek independent goals。

 So try to find where it is， where your goals and interests coincide and match them all the time whenever you're looking for any kind of business relationships success。

