# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第9周-RSD Jeffy（同时约会管理）_Week 9 - RSD Jeffy (Simultaneous Dating Management)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

We're going go down to the Sapphire S Club that's hosting the World Summit。

 but I wanted to do a quick interview for you guys to just talk to you guys about what's going on in Jeff's mind right now and just catch up with him since we haven't had a lot of catch up for a while Jeff's somebody who you guys might know has been around just the beginning of RSD teaching programs all around the world He's someone who teaches really amazing boot camps His ability to go into set and just have really strong frame is amazing and his ability to develop relationships of all kinds。

 especially multiple relationships with women all at the same time is pretty outstanding。So Jeff。

 I would like to talk to you a little bit about how you're able to successfully manage multiple women at the same time through long term relationships。

 not even just short term but long term Well I guess the answer to that would be evidently I'm fucking not。

Because my girlfriend dumped my fucking ass a couple months ago。

 I don't know the exact how many days or anything like that， 105。

 but you know it's not like I'm dwelling on it， but。But if you really want to。

But that relationship I had with that girl， it was like about two years。

And what I always famously say is if you're in a scenario like that。

They're going to be cool with it until they're not。You know， but the thing is like I talked to my X。

 my Xx。Because we hang out and stuff we're like bros。With different genitalia， but it's like Jeff。

 you know， you could solve this problem by just like having monogamous relationship and like， well。

 that's no guarantee that you're going to stay together forever either， is it？She's like。

 I suppose that's true， but in every look。In every relationship。When you break up。

You got to look back， I'm of the firm belief that everything bad that happens to you is in some way your fucking fault some in some small way it's your fault so rather than like you know get angry。

 get bitter and like try to look for the fault of other people because that's like the easiest thing to do right。

 gravitate towards how they fucked up。😡，You got to look internally and see what mistakes that you make。

 don't beat yourself up over it， move forward in a positive direction。

 try not to repeat those in this one。You know， I haven't really even talked about this you're like kind of the first person I've talked about this on camera with。

 it's just like over time。In a relationship， you got to really avoid。Situations where。

It gets heated to the point where you say things that。Even once it's worn off。

 it's always going to linger because the woman remembers everything you'll ever fucking say every at least every bad thing right and like four months later。

 so like maybe when you said that fucking thing so over it's fine if you do it once or twice over time like a period of years。

 those things begin to accrue these things you say that you can't take back and it startss to likeerode at the relationship and it gets like more and more acrimonious and。

This is the biggest practical thing some for guys watching this who are in a lifestyle where they're doing。

You know， multiple long term relationships like I guess you know， what do some people call polyamory。

 things of that nature because I'm I'm firmly personally。Excuse me。

 I'm very against the idea of monogamy personally because。I'm just not very good at it， you know。

 I've tried， I've tried every every conceivable way to go about it， I've tried， you know。

Being an relationship end。When you see someone else you want cheating， you know。

 going the cheating route， I've also tried the you know full honesty route and I've tried everything in between but。

If you're in an open relationship， nonminogas relationship， whatever you want to call it。呃。🤢。

There's a couple things number one is being。Willing to revisit the rules periodically and being open to having discussions about that not in a knee jerk reaction way either。

Again， being open to that， and then secondly， and this is honestly。

 this is the most important reason， the most important thing and it's going to sound really dumb。

 but it is most one of the most important things。Is。Cleaning up。The fucking sheets。

And cleaning up condom wrappers off your fucking floor。

Because the last like four relationships that I had that broke up was a result of them finding like fucking condoms in the trash or on the floor。

 so number one， you want to get a trash can with a lid on it。😡，Number two。

 you want to change your goddamn sheets now this sounds simple， right？Right。

 does this sound simple Do you change the sheets Sure in between your girls I guess in terms of like hold on I'm getting to a point here does that sound simple sure right it is simple however。

 over a period of several years you're gonna fuck up you're gonna fuck up no matter how on top of it you fucking R there's gonna be like a corner of the little condo wrapper off under the band is gonna to come out when you're like looking for your shoes or something something like that so again。

😡，The number one rule for managing long term relationships is cleaner sheets。Well。

 the thing is a lot of the guys also could avoid all these problems by travel so lot these guys are going on the road they don't have any of these issues because yeah。

 well， that's another thing you're know if you're traveling。

That's one way that guys know one rule that you might have your goal is like no one in town。

It's fine if you're out of town， but like it can't be in the city limits。

I know a lot of the RC instructors are hitting the field I think most of their world is traveling well they don't have girlfriends here these guys don't have girlfriends either and they don't have homes and they travel and they don't have a home I actually have a home I've lived in the same house for 14 years at the same time you also had a time where you traveled with a wing womanman back in the day who was kind of like going on tour sometimes right and then she was kind of being like your girl where you just have girls together exactly。

So what were the dynamics behind having that wing woman relationship， Well。

 it's the same thing because you know even if you hook up with the girls together。I mean。

 that could be a rule too。Only time that you hook up with other people outside of the relationship is when you're doing it together。

 that could be a rule， you know I was kind of like going towards that with the X but then。

You knowIt was just kind of like a fluke， you know。

 I just hooked up like with some old friend that was in town and it was just a fluke， but again。

 one little rapper changed the course of history。Well how are you establishing the clarity of expectations of how you were hitting the field or what were the dynamics of having a wing woman that was able to smoothly get the girls and pick up girls with you？

How was the dynamics of that， Yeah， like was it kind of like just having like a really awesome like social girl or just a fun right person。

 Well there's more of you training that girl No， no。

 you can't you got to get this idea of the training out out of your fucking head。 that's not I mean。

 unless you're talking about specific nuts and bolts mechanics of it。

 But in terms of like you're going pick up with me and you're gonna like it and that's the worst thing you could conceivably do。

 I've seen numerous friends of mine do this and even if the girl does agree to hook up with other girls inevitably it becomes you know resentment breathes resentment。

 this creeps into the dynamic of the relationship and and your fuck it's over。

 So with my ex that you know the most recent girl that I would go on and pick up with she obviously knew what I did for a living you know because it's not stupid it's funny like I will often say your girl up or know what you do I'm like。

She has a computer， she has the internet， yes， I'm pretty sure she fucking knows right。

 so she knew what I did and she was interested in it and she asked me she's like， yo。

 can we go pick up girls together I was like。I was like yeah， yeah， we'll do it。

 we'll do it and then kind of brush under the carpet she'd bring it up a month later I'd be like oh oh yeah yeah yeah。

 yeah we'll， we'll do it so this went off about a year。And then finally， she's like。You know。

 I was like， yeah， we'll it and she goes。Whatever motherfucker， you're all talk， you know。

 obviously this is just much talk， you know， I don't mind。

 but don't be bragging on this shit if you're just going to be。

 you know some little punkass about it， I'm like，Now you are ready。

And then we started doing it because I wanted her to it was like that scene from Fight club。

 whether like waiting on the steps to the soap house or whatever。

 whether the Tyler Durden paper company or whatever。

The paper Street soap company and they're like beating them with a stick and saying get the fuck out of here your tits are too big to like meat loaf and shit and then they don't leave long enough and then they're permitted in because I wanted to make sure that she was was her idea 100 fucking percent Now here's another thing a lot of times。

嗯。Girls will say women will say like。Oh yes I'd like to do this。

 but then when push comes to shove they're like and they don't actually do it and why would a girl agree to this well maybe she thinks that you know you won't actually go through with it。

 maybe she thinks it's just a phase， maybe she thinks that you'll do it one time and then that'll be it right。

That's like a huge huge reason that you have to make sure that they're a fully on board another thing that'll often happen is you'll go out。

And the girl seems fully gung ho to like pick up together or whatever。

 And then once it comes time to like。Pull the trigger。It's like， oh， oh， oh， because you know。

At least generally in society I don't think women are usually comfortable being in that sort of like hunter role。

 the aggressor role， predator role， whatever you want to call it。

 so when faced with that it's like oh shit， like is this is getting a little too real and then they can't actually do it so in both the instances where I was going out with a girl who was picking up with me。

They were highly， highly aggressive。Like highly aggressive to the point where I would be like Jesus Christ。

 like I'd be sitting at home like what do you want to do watch Game of Thrones tonight and she's like。

 fuck down， let's go bang some horses， I'm like Jesus。In shock， you know， I'm like， okay。

 I guess we'll do that and then we go out and do it。嗯。Not just like that， but also in terms of like。

I'd be a lot of times I'd be out with the girl， I'd like。

 oh the tab like an Eskimo kiss or something and then my girl's like yeah。

 and now we have a real one boom I' starts like finger banging it and I'm like holy shit like she used to wear this vibrator around her neck it was like this little。

This tiny little vibrate or our necklace around her neck and she'd be like equi vibrator。

 and like we'd be on the dance floor or something she should just like ram it up some girl's asshole like I'm like holy shit shes highly。

 highly aggressive。 So again， I think a lot of it's like lightning in a bottle you know the first time that I met a girl that was down like that and had that temperament was obviously back in like 2003。

 2004 And then when we broke up in like0506。Didn't get another girlfriend that was into that until 2015。

You know， 2014。10 fucking years， so once every 10 years guys。

 right you'll find that lighting in a bottle， but again。

 it's also on you to capitalize on it when you do encounter that and you know。

Go through with it because if you do go through with it。

I can assure you it will be the best thing that you ever do with your entire life， you know。

 having three sisters was probably the best thing I've ever done my entire life in terms of philanthropy for the world。

 aside from possibly obtaining ripped abs， that was probably a close second and a lot of people will tell you。

They'll say， oh， you know， three systems it's kind of cool， but it's not that great。

 These people are wrong。 It's fucking awesome， it's like。Driving two sports cars at once。

 if that was somehow possible。Now， how do you think？

Your online dating has affected your life because you just come up with a program called to executeec the program and it was like a 2。

0， 2。0 version， and I guess the technology is continually changed and you've done so much of your life focusing on cold approach。

But these last few years have been focusing so much on online dating programs and videos right well it was interesting because you know a lot of people that's kind of the perception。

 but even back when I first started No2， I was heavily into online dating now of course it wasn't called that back then it was like myspace No actually it was called Friendster that was like the original progenitor to Myspace which was of course the progenitor to Facebook etc。

And I would just like meet girls on fucking Friendster。And just message them on there。

 like your're kind of cute dork， winky face。 and then like go from there。

 get a phone number and just hook up like I was doing all that， I was doing all this ever since 2002。

 So I've always seen online as a viable way to。To get girls and of course， in this day and age。

 I think we've yet to really see the full ramifications。

Of the mainstream acceptance of online dating。 You know。

 it wasn't really until like 2011 that we started to see。You know， okay。

 cube would come to the fore and like sites with actual functionality that was because I was getting laid off like yelp。

You know what I mean， people always be like，p， isn't it a restaurant review site， yeah。

 like post restaurant reviews？And then girls will be like your reviews are funny I'd be likehu thank you。

 you appear to be like a baby polar bear sliding on a rainbow with a pot of gold what's your phone number boom and then just like go from there you know so the same principles apply but now you see in 2011 you have these sites springing up and apps springing up that are designed specifically for the purpose of dating with functionality geared toward that etc ce and you know for me seeing that。

It was like well I've been doing this shit for years in this like hackmeed like backdo you know roundabout way now this is set up for that and so I was able to just hit the ground running and just tear off into that you know and really explore I was like you know the proverbville kid in the candy store。

And that's what enabled me to， you know。So methodically map out what it takes precisely to have success in that arena。

 and that's what I intended to execute the program to be was an encyclopedic。

Cataloging of every scrap of relevant information that I had with regard to online dating。And so。

 you know， and again， and then when I did the first one in 2014， I was like， okay that's it。

 I left it all on the table， done， left it all in the field， it's done， but then，You know。

 in the ensuing year and a half， we had different platforms emerge， we had you know。

 different trends kind of emerge in the online dating scene that，Not only。Allowed。

 but I'd say even necessitated an update， necessitated a 2。0 update。 So， you know， who knows， again。

 I say it right now， and I have no desire or wish or intention to revisit。Exe program in make a 3。0。

 but maybe in like five years there's going to be some other shit， it's like， you know。

 Pokemon Pokemon A ERR 360。AR， VR 360， so yeah。You know actually the program。

 what is it it's like literally， I don't know if you've ever watched the whole thing， probably not。

 but like because it's literally a 24 hour program like you could put it on at midnight and finish watching the entire program the next day at midnight。

With eight hours of infield footage of dates and just like， again， it's exhaustive。

Exhausive and you know， I think with RSD， and you know this very well as the founder， CEO， et cetera。

We don't really want to。Put out hits。 We want to put out classics。 that stand the test of time。

 People can see this in 10 years and be like， wow， you know， that's this is still relevant。

 This is still applicable in many ways。 You know， maybe there's you know。

 different things that have popped up， but。You knowThat stand the test of time。

And I think you see that with everyone's stuff with like Max' new on the natural with you know Julian's Pimp shift。

 et cetera， Tyler's the blueprint， et cetera， so on and so forth。You know， these aren't like。

Little like。Like little one off things that took you two weeks to produce。

 and then you make some copy for it， just pump， pump， pump， pump and dump， you know。

 because we're deeply invested in the idea of。What you know online marketer Gary Vaterrek would call of course。

 what the thank you economy which is the idea of what permission marketing was that Gary Vaanderk was。

 or was it Sethg I don't remember but but no thank you economy and then jab Jab Bright hook were his two books that really made him a New York Times besteller and also a great public speaker around the business world and it center's on the idea of course Per marketing。

 which is you know we are blasted with advertisement to everywhere you look billboards on the street。

 commercials on the radio， et cetera， et cetera popups。Just inundated with it。

So that's like invasive so with permission marketing what do we do we have tons of free content you know much like this this can be free much like this kind of it's free for members that have already bought the product but you know regardless obviously obviously we have hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours of video content between all the instructors and the reason we do that is know to cultivate a personal relationship so then when we do say and you know here's a paid product that we did that you might be interested in and if you like the free stuff。

 well the paid stuff there's like 10 times maybe100 times better see what we really have to offer here and because we've established that relationship it gives people welcome。

Or at least give us the time of day okay I'll see what they got know and also they got to join a tribe I mean。

 the cool thing about I think what they did when execute the program and also what they do in pretty much every program is going actually interact with you personally take your personal on the Facebook group and actually ask you questions directly almost two years later to program to themselves almost two years later I'm still on that Facebook form every single day answering questions every single question and to me like like you said it is I guess I guess a tribe would be a good way of putting it you know it's a very it reminds me of what the community in the forums were back in the day in the original know it's like a very tight knit group。

No one's like just trolling and posting stupid memes and dumb things and it's not like all 12 year olds it's like legit dudes who got this particular program and who are interested in you taking it。

Taking advantage of it to the best they can and interacting with other people who have in brainstorming and masterminding and everyone's like taking action everyone's very positive。

 honestly I got to say like，When I first added that Facebook group。

 it was a bonus for people who bought the program， it was simply a bonus。

 but now I dare say it's one of the most valuable parts of the product itself。

 is access to that group。Um， because if you have issues with the program， you know， or you can。

 you can workshop interactions in real time with the guys on there and stuff， yeah， it's really。

 really cool， I was surprised how it became that， you know。Yeah。

 pleasantly surprised what do you think are now the best platforms to get on if you were interested in being into an online dating role Well okay。

 I mean obviously you know the old kind of granddad he's okay Cupid。

 but I'd say most people are like，Everyone's on Tider， you know， Tider is like the new。

King of that space， I'd say， but now you're getting other ones coming in like bumble， you're getting。

Hingnge， which is based on your Facebook。peer group。You're getting happen。

 which is people who you cross paths with in real life， you're getting coffee meets bagel。

 which I don't even know what the hell that is， in fact。

I don't even know why that's in San Francisco because we don't have。

 you can't get bagels on the west Coast it should be like。

Fette meats burrito or something but but what else you got。

 then you got like these niche ones like J swipe， you know。

 for for the Jewish folk and so on and so forth。 And you know these like all these little niche sites like Christian swipe I though I know a lot of guys have success on Jay swipe I'm on it I haven't had much success with。

With that particular。App yet， but yeah， I really like bumble in particular and the reason I like it。

Its because Bumble's unique because even if you match， you're not allowed to message the girl。

 she must message you first， so it a it's。It's a more I guess you call it a warmer lead if you will you know they actually took the time to fashion an opening message and craft an opening message of their own and took the time to actually send it to you so if that happens it's almost on you to not fuck it up you know and another kind of side effect that it's so funny to see because you know women have never had to come up with the openers before so it's funny to see their openers and they're just so bad like in fact it's like dudes in fact I'll read you some like let's just go through a couple right now so。

😡，Just from today， hey， how's it going？Hi， Jeff， nice to meet you。What's up？

So you're a minister who smokes we， okay， that one's pretty。

 that one's pretty good like because my profession on here it says minister。And then when they say。

 are you really a minister， I'm like， well， there wasn't an option for Jesus pretty girl too yeah。

 you know， so I'm really like loving Bumble for that particular reason because it' more qualified leads。

 so yeah， check it out， give it a shot， give it a whirl。

What do you think are the keys to actually gain the girls to meet up with you？

As opposed to like the next guy， okay？Okay， wow， kind of that's a very complicated topic。

 but what are the like three things that make you to stand out？

To the point where she actually wants to meet up with it。Okay， yeah。Well， all right。I think。

There's there's a lot of things going on here。 that's like a very， that's a very broad question。

 but number one is。A lot of guys， I think they pushy foot around too much on the app。

They don't really。Go for the clothes， quote unquote， they just kind of most guys that I see that。

Are posting there。Interactions， it just seems like two girls chit chatting。

Like two girls fasten around trying to make plans like so how was your weekend her to deep to D a Dr deer like look now granted on the opposite pendulum swing。

 you'll see guys that just like go for it without building any sort of like rapport connection。

 whatever you want to call it at all so。You have to have a happy medium。

 And what that comes from is having like a。Excuse me， what I call a， you know。

 it's essentially a sales funnel。And so。You know， girl。Sends out message， I and response。I might say。

 you know one of a number of prefabricated lines like I'm going very normal these days， I go。

 so are we dating now， I'm not sure how this works。Right， or like for openers， you know。

 that's a good one， I know Max has one， what is it just a small town girl。

another one I like is when I say tin， you sayD。And then they then you say 10 and then they respond du and then you just take it from there。

 so you know， different opener not even like good， just different than what's up because that's what they're all fucking saying。

Like literally everyone fucking saying that then。Maybe ridiculous over the top complement of some sort。

 then I will do a series of qualifying slash screening questions。What do I say， do you drink？

Do you have tattoos， do you seen karaoke， are you a vegan？

Right then they answer and then I give my answers to that like I drank。

It was the San Francisco karaoke Champ of 2005 that always sounds cooler in my head before I say it out loud。

 and then if they respond to that I'm like， okay， I'm sold。

 let's meet up for a mother fucking romantic date。Okay， and then if they say， okay， I go。

 here's my number， what's yours？Then it goes to the phone。

 then the sole purpose of the phone is to arrange the date now again。

 I go into like extreme detail on how all this works。On。Execeute the program， however。

 understand that getting a girl to meet up with you is not necessarily the end all be all。

 like just like a good metric for a good opener isn't how many girls respond to it。Okay。

 response rate is not the sole metric that you should be judging or open run。

Just as getting a girl to meet you out is not the sole metric like oh。

 I got her to meet me out because she might be a fucking moron or a psychopath or a bambooler or just a waste of time approved any number of things So again。

 the hallmarks of the programmer number one， it's a volumebased program which is required because the signal to noise ratio is so poor online because every Schlemel and like Johnny Schmuck is on there without fear of rejection because you can just approach approach approach and he doesn't have anyone to like give them the look and laugh at them like in real life So you know balls。

 everyone's got balls online real internet tough guys。

 And so everyone's on there so you work volume number two。

 you're running a system of some sort know you're not just haphazardly going about things know it's systemized number three。

 you have a relative。Amount of automation involved because otherwise you can't work the volume so on my phone I have a variety of keyboard shortcuts on my computer when I'm going through things I have a variety of shortcuts that just insert。

 of course you flesh out in between， but this stuff you know is going to provide that skeleton it's to make it very easy for you to go about working that volume。

Right。And then last but not least screening， you know and screening is very important too screening。

Are you even going to get along with this person， should you meet up in real life with them and that's very big as well。

Right， so I'd say those are， those are kind of the broad brush strokes of things that taken into consideration with you know online app。

Go on， if you guys want to check this out to executetheprogram。com。

 one final question I wanted to find out how do you use of the skills that you've learned through dating and pickup in the business world and building the Jeff brand and managing your teams。

Skills that you picked with RSD， how it relates to business。The number one thing is。

Well there's an old joke， right， because essentially。Every instructor is self employed。

 You know their brand is their job。 That's their company。 You know， we're under the umbrella。

 obvious of RSD， But at the end of the day， everyone's on their fucking on to like hustle it up and make it happen。

 And so， you know， you've got to。😡，What's the joke？Bee self employed， start your own business。

 be your own boss。You can get to choose your own hours。Any 16 hours a day you want。

 any 16 hours a day that you want， you can just select。could I see myself？

Ever going back to corporate America with like a name tag and being like yes， sir， Mr。 Johnson。

 I have the GSS scores from last quarter right here。

 let's go to the meeting now and hold a fucking clipboard and pretend to be awake and then the customer comes up and I have to like not be a fucking dickhead to them and when they're like clearly in the wrong No obviously I can never go back to that like I'll never have a job again like even if like for whatever reason I'm not working with RSD in the future RSD collapses or the government fucking collapses。

😡，I guess no one would have a job then but but you know I'll never go back to that again and it's a rough grind but you know it's very it's very worth it I mean you're obviously an entrepreneur like what do you what's your take on that whole thing Well I've spent 10 hours building to RSC founders Club that's a program to kind of go through the whole process but yeah I think。

Pretty much in summary and as executive summary， the perils are pretty extreme because the skillship to build through core approach and relationships that you build in terms of do have the comfort to trust rapport and that whole process in the process of picking up a girl do the same thing when you're building teams and relationships in the business world I also think that management of contacts in terms of all these girls you do the same thing in the business world customers and databases and I also of all the live events and things that you do kind of like setting up live events for RSD you to do in your dating life for dinners。

 meetups what have you the day two process Well know it also gives you deeper insights into the nature of work itself I think what is work。

 what does it mean like yes， it gets you money to buy shit you ever say I one Louis CK where he's like what if God came back you'd be so piss。

 he's like what the fuck did you do What's all this shit all over the ground what is this well why are the polar bears Brown what the fuck did you do like we need the oil the oil like what is this？

What do you need this for is like from money like a job like what's a fucking job right so when you have a job you just report to it every day and you get a paycheck a salary。

 whatever the same amount every two weeks， you know it's easy to kind of just like not think about it but when you're an entrepreneur you're on the road as much as we are there's also times when you have downtime。

Like if you're not crazy like know you know a lot of the younger guys。

 the new guys they go fucking literally crazy from traveling for years on end and take zero break It's like dude you got that's why I've always like maintained a home I have like pets I have like friends that are not involved with this shit and like don't even care about it like if I talking to them about it their eyes glaze over like I'm talking about like I work at the bank and I'm talking about like mortgages or something but like dude just shut up about this shit so it's like normal I have like I'm like rooted in normalcy so I'll travel hardcore for like a long time and then I'll take periods off。

And the thing is， when I'm at home。And I have like several weeks where I'm kind of doing nothing。

 I'm just like going to the gym， cooking food， going out， going to sleep。

 and like just digging around of my neighborhood， it gets very existential。You know what I mean。

 it almost seems like you're in this like gilded birdcage of like。White privilege or something。

 you know， because like you have no worries， you don't have anywhere to be or anything to do。

 But then you're just kind of saying therere like， what the fuck should I be doing right now。

 Have you ever read the book。😡，By Henry Rallins， the singer Black Fllaag Get in the Van I've heard about it it's an amazing book。

 one of the very inspirational me in fact， any I think that should be a must read for any fucking RD instructor to be honest。

 he actually got a Grammy for the spoken word version of that book。

 but he talks about his when he started with Black flagag。

 he was just a fan who went to one of the shows。And then he got up and sang one of the songs。

 and they brought him on to be the singer of the fucking B。

And then he began traveling the country in a van with them。

 and getting in fights literally every single stop of the tour and interactions with the police and riots and shed getting arrested。

 violence， breaking his hands， breaking his bones。And。How shitty it was on the road。

 but then when he was at home he just wanted to get back on the fucking road。

 you know what he means like God I'm home， but then when he's at home he just wants to get back on the fucking road and I can really relate to that in a lot of ways like why I'm。

😡，Like look。You know， sometimes when you're schleppping your ass， you get a bunch of equipment。

On a six hour across， transcontinental flight or worse， you know， like to Australia or something。

 like recently I went to Australia for a weekend。For a quick weekend trip。Thanks Julian。

 so the gift that keeps on Gi， so yeah， I fly from San Francisco。To Australia。

 give a program and immediately come 14 hours back。RightBut the thing is， even with that shit。

 it's like。Even if I'm reluctant to get up on the stage， once sum'm up on that stage。

 giving the free tour or whatever。That's when I'm like in my fucking zone。 You know what I mean。

 even if I don't want to do it， like Tyler sometimes will drag my like， just get up here。

 just like a talk。 I'm like do it， I want fucking do the shit。 He's like just do it。

 do it and I get up there and then I'm like。😡，Okay。

 so anyway guys then I'm like boom and it's like it's like that's my home。

 I live in that I live in that space， you know， just like boot camp。

 even like sometimes you know these guys， I'm just like oh you fucking guys like you know the angry dad or whatever with the students and stuff it's like。

Could I ever see myself doing something and I else know why。

 because when I work worked in corporate America？You don't get the same。I guess you'd call it。Fuzzy。

 warm， fuzzy feeling inside when the student does have success。

 you know what I mean like my students this weekend are not the sharpest crayons in the box。

 let's just put it that way， but they both pulled last night first night of the program they pulled the girl with extreme coaching from us you know and then of course they blew it back in the room but they pulled because you know we can't hold their dick and put it in for them but。

That's not a part of the program guys， we don't go back to your hotel and hold your Wii wei and put it in and out of herhuha for you unfortunately Nick hasn't permitted that yet I wish I wish one day he will but yeah but they both pulled and you know just seeing that。

Happen and seeing like their eyes light up and realize this is possible。You know what I mean？

Changing their lives in a measurable， quantifiable， actual way。

And so that's ultimately that's why I continue to do this job and you know I know at times I come off this little arrogant crass。

 what have you， but in reality every single day of my life I am just like filled with gratitude for being in a position that I can present this information。

 this material to people。Awesome， well， thanks Jeff。

 you got the World Summit venue and catch you up with the boys。OkayI'm a little too excited。Cers。

