# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：05.社交游戏_05. Social Game：02.社交技能_02. Socializing Skills【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The art of socializing， social graces has always been a fascinating topic of mine， watching debates。

 watching about movies about law， watching people just socialize with each other in unusual situations。

 these are things that always titated the senses for me。

 something that I found really fascinating ever since I was a very young age， the art of arguing。

 the art of debate。You know I think that's really fun yet at the same time I think the social graces。

 the aspect of using these skills， not just to win an argument but Ashu to accomplish something together。

 but make friends， have better relationships， attract women。

 I think that's what really empowered me and got me really interested in it。

 a lot of people are just stifled。 they don't have that ability。 they go to an interaction。

 they don't know what to say or do。😊，On the other hand。

 that's because they're afraid of overpowering the conversation and that's a really legit fear that you should have because a lot of people who go into a powerful conversation think they're more than they really are and portray that and they'll portray that in the wrong way as opposed to the right way。

And you just continually break conversations， not listen to the conversation。

 just try to change to topic and just kind of like overrun the fun vibe with overly serious topics and things that just don't make sense or contribute to the conversation a lot of people that come to us have these as like a negative trait they want to understand how to overcome these traits we have to teach them socializing skills The key is that you' want to contribute to the group vibe look at the energy of how the conversation is going。

 how people are interacting and pace and lead through that conversation through that interaction。

People are having it that fun vibe， contribute to it。 Now。

 if you need to like lead the conversation and make it like you know conversation where you can interact with a certain person。

 you might have to change a vibe from like a fun vibe to a business vibe。

 and oftentimes when you go into social settings and there's business people you have to interact with。

 you oftentimes have to do that。 And if you could know show that you're cognizant that you're kind of disturbing that social setting。

 social vibe and still be chill relax about it。 I think that will add a little bit of understanding ca。

 because all in all， it's not necessarily that you're just contributing to hoop vibe。

 you still need to you know get what you want out of your interaction， whether it's a good time。

 whether it's fun， whether it's you know interacting with the girl that you're just and hooking up with or dating。

😊，These are the things you have to to be cognizant of and just understanding the social matrix and how people are interacting with each other。

 so you could do that。 A lot of it is about adding positivity to the situation。

 But if it's about stories business sometimes it's more about know those stoic conversations that just revolve around you adding personal business experience sharing and not just opinions the interaction social are socializing is about effects as opposed to stories。

 a lot of people will involve a conversation where it's creating a story in their mind about what is happening。

 So if someone might say something in a conversation that is like， you know。😊。

I went hiking and when I went hiking， we went 20 miles up this mountain and one person might interpret that as。

 wow， that sucks， you had to go 20 miles up a mountain， the other person goes， wow。

 that's really fascinating that you have this passion。

To go that far up the mountain and a person who goes well that's intriguing。

 I wonder what inspired you to do that。Now， the different ways you interpret how you're going to respond to that basic sentence。

 basic premise。Is how you just look at the facts and how you treat those facts and how you don't interpret your own stories。

 Now， the first person who would just say， oh， that sucks。

That that's the only one of the three things that I said is the mistaken way to do things unless you're just doing it。

In a way where the person's used to you knowing that it's a joke。

 if they think that you're just insulting them and you're just insulting their biggest passion。

 you just bomb that social situation and you probably may have even insulted that person。

 especially if that's what they do， maybe they're a hiker or a ranger or something like that。

I know that people who are uncalibrated will do this all the time。

But relate to the interest of the person you are with。

That's the basic premise of what I was trying to convey when you're looking at that。

 so if you're hearing what they're doing， try to first of all find out why they're telling you。

 what they're telling you。And then roll with it。Roll with it in the sense that now that you know what you're doing because you figure it out。

 now you can try to lead that conversation to get them into things that they're interested in talking about that might be interesting to you or that might just add fun to the conversation and build rapport so you have a stronger and deeper connection。

And having that stronger， deeper connection about a wide variety of topics is very important for friendships of all kinds。

 and especially business relationships。And that's something that you usually do one on one。

 it's important for our group conversations as well though。

By breaking off into a group conversation that I mean from breaking off from a group conversation into a 1 on1 conversation。

 you're ending up going to have a lot of these situations where you have to have that or else they're going to break back from that one on1 conversation through group conversation so a lot of guys will be successful in entering a group dynamic and then they'll be able to get a grow out and it'll say things that we consider uncalibrated things that might show an interest or genuine interest and understanding of how they view what they're talking about or why they're telling you what they're telling and then they'll they want to go back to the group and that happens because of this lack of understanding of how that social interaction is playing out。

Now if you are in a group situation there's sometimes where you have to actually move around the group dynamic。

 go from person to person in the group， you're also sometimes required to do show physically like physically you have to get up and walk around to another location to be closer to that person so you're not crossing communication paths like you're not talking through people's conversations physically by physically being place there I know that。

And pickup you're in a group dynamic and there's a particular girl you're trying to talk to and there's a lot of people in the group。

 you want to have that girl face you and away from the group if you can so that they're talking more to you and they're not going to be sucked back into that conversation。

And that's a great skill to have in almost any social situation and also it's very useful in business situations where you want to create situation where it's more difficult for that peer group or group that they came with to pull that person away from your one on one conversation where you can really get deep。

 get a contact information if it's someone you just met， and also build rapport with them。

And I think that a lot of people try to protect those people from the social struggle from those people。

 especially they don't know who you are。And so that's why it's also important for you to befriend that peer group。

Now changing your group tone and focus from like a group conversation to one of that is more individual。

Does require a certain dynamic as assessed。In the dynamic。

 it's usually like you're looking at all the people in the group。

 you're talking to all the people in the group as opposed to individual conversation。

 you're looking one on one， and you're looking very。

 very intently or're moving physically into that space and your conversations very particular specific it makes it more difficult for other people to get involved with that conversation because you're talking about particular things about their particular life or your particular life。

 as opposed to just runninging group topics that anyone can contribute to and makes it easier too。

Both are very valuable， being able to convey yourself in a very positive way to a group dynamic is extremely powerful。

 just in the same way it's very powerful to be able to do that appropriately and properly in a one on one where especially in a dating environment you could escalate or in a business environment you could close a deal。

But you' got to be aware of the others around you continually。

 you might even need to look at what other people are doing in the group。

 even if you're in at one and one because those other people may be looking at you and trying to determine whether it might interfere。

You'd oftentimes see in a bar and club， especially if you're in a situation where you're trying to pick up a girl where the girl is out there and you're trying to interact with her and you can notice in the corner of your eye that her friend's about to pour away which case you need to create。

A situation where she's not going to be interested in doing that or just be ready to engage other person in the conversation and have a hook to hook her in。

 so she'll give you more time with that girl that you're interested in picking up same thing goes in business same thing goes in all sorts of social dynamic settings。

You got to practice this， I mean for most of you guys who are deep to pick。

 you'll notice a lot of the truisms of what I'm saying， however。

 see how all all this applies in the business world as well。

Be cognizant of how comfortable the other party is， the body language。

 how open they are to your conversation， your touch or rapport。

 you're seeking the deeper relationship， you'll notice that from like whether they're looking at you in eyes more often and smiling or they're looking away whether they're touching at you and you could escalate that and mirror that as well。

 by just slowly escalating more through touch touch deeper touch facing the looking away。

 not just like being that deep stair guy， you're just super overly close in the very beginning especially people who are introvert if you do that to them。

 they'll back off further， mirror the behavior of the people that you're interacting with and openness you want from the other party though and you're more likely to get that from them。

So if you're in that open， open， nonjudgmental， positive vibe， you're gonna get that back。

 especially in social settings。 And in business settings， you may get that back。

 but it's more about intent and more about the logical facts of what's going on。 on the other hand。

 there's some people who are in business that are purely doing business based on emotions。

 And those people usually end up being knocked out of the game of business quite fast， quite quickly。

 in terms a socializing skills， though， These are the things that you want to focus on。

