# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：12.外部游戏PUA获得业务_12. Outer Game PUA To Get Business【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Much of the outer gain that you use and how to pick up girls can also be used in business life。

 For example， a lot of the tactics that are used to try to drum up court approaches。

Drum up a higher dating life， get leads for day2s。 and to escalate the situation to sex enough healthy dating life。

 some kind also applies to sales。 A lot of the tactics that you use for。Business for sales。

 you do a cold approach。You might have a warm approach if it's like a soul circle。

 a somewhere in business。You might have a warm approach if you're introduced to a particular client from another client。

 but you go up， you develop rapport， you esate situation， might follow up for a day two。

 an escalate situation to follow up for a close for a sale。

A law and the tax are combined so closely and we've been invited to businesses like Cisco System to talk about how we could acquire a lot of these sales skills to sales。

 who've invited to organizations like the Personal Success Institute or the summit and talk about how these skills can be used to approach almost anyone anywhere for any purpose and any reason。

And a lot of that has to deal with the fact that the interactions that you need。

To seduce and attract a woman is the same things that attract almost anyone to any other person。

 it's just that a lot of it is niche to pick up。So。Practice those court approach skills on business。

 practice the stuff that you've done， and you'll notice the commonalities。

 practice the cold approach skills that you have when you go out to a cocktail party or a house。

 party at your friend， just walk up to random。People。

 maybe you have the same sex as a straight guy and just practice those skills to try to get new friendships or just establish a poor。

 especially if you're in an environment that's cold and you'll be dramatically surprised。

About how transferable these skills are to the other areas of your life。In fact， on boot camp。

 when I had clients that were interested in overcoming barriers of。

Talking to girls are in so circles， especially when they had other guys hanging out with them。

 I would force them just to walk up。Twoho the other guys in this， we've even talk to them first。

Or if they're scared about talking to really big， scary guys becausere you're afraid of talking to beautiful girls and the fear that these big。

 scary guys would walk up to them beat them up。 I'd have them walk up to the big scary guys in the bar go。

 hey， what's up， bro， high5。 And in high five， these scary guys。

 And if they where did they did or not just prove that they were not getting punched in the face or getting scared away。

😰，The same thing goes in business when you're chasing that big whale， that big deal。

Practice doing so。It'll be surprised how much this works。

Also the regular followup that's so important in pickup in your day in life is super important in your business life。

 following up on your leads is something that we will do so much so that it often literally takes us six to eight phone calls or emails or points of contact with various people before they sign up for a boot camp。

Same thing will happen in your day in life， you might text a girl six to eight times before she even considers going out with you。

 you might like share stories， go back and forth and what have you。

 but you got develop that rapport because everyone has multiple options。

Whether it's in day life or whether it's in business with various vendors to choose from as opposed to whatever you're offering。

 the same thing goes to friendships。However， everyone wants friendships and will consider you a friend if you have developed even the littlest bit of rapport so develop friendships。

 you'll be surprised how those little friendships may turn to bigger friendships maybe many years later。

 maybe sooner than you expect。And as a result， those friendships oftentimes turn into business relationships。

Many of my friendships， people I've met on a golf course。

 I've turned to people that ended up working with me。

 people that I've met in random seasons around the world just hanging out on a beach。

 I've turned to business advisors。 You'll be surprised。

The same thing goes in your datingang life sometimes you'll just approach a girl and you'll have no expectations。

 and you end up dating that girl。All these things are so useful and that's why the outer game of pickup。

 the outer game of not just the internal belief systems。

 but the actual things you say do and how do you react which the body language。

 these are the things that will allow you to also get in in business。

But stay true to your morals and your values in regards to what you will and what on acept and in terms of like pickup。

 it's you know you don't want to waste your time， you want to make sure that you're not being walked over in the same kind of situation in your daily life and you want to do that individualgen' life as well。

You want to make sure that you have that mindset going in， the value you view in yourself。

 you want to have that freedom of outcome， the outcome to independence。

 you want to have the belief that you are enough and to push forward。

 you want to have those things to do that and then you want to react to it。

 so combine your outer game and inner game together。

Think about how the otherss around you are reacting。Look at the environment when you're in set。

 you'll look at the environment and you'll see who do you want to approach first。

 what particular order， what particular chronology of the interaction if you have a group of working。

In a business environment， you'll have a team， should you approach the person who's like the boss first。

 should you approach the people who are working for the first， I mean， if you look at a set。

 you might work the group dynamic depending on who's going interact。

 you might want to wait for an interaction。That evolves that the person that you really want to talk to is not very busy。

 so if you look at a set dynamic， you might approach that girl a set that you really want to talk to。

 and you might do that only after realizing that she's kind of not really engaged deeply in that conversation。

 the same thing goes in the business world where you kind of wait for those opportune moments。

And in the same way where you can't just wait sometimes you have to create those opportunities yourself。

 craft that， lead that， be the leader of the interaction， organize the whole peer group。

 and then split that peer group so that you could organize and facilitate that process yourself。

You should that so many times in group dynamics because most of your interactions in business or usually with all the groups。

 unless you're calling up code one on one， which is always preferred matter because you then kind of control the interaction。

 have more influence， not have to worry about those random variables because variables are always things that can stifle。

 potentially stifle your interaction in the social and business world。

And establishing those queer expectations， talking in the beginning when you're forming a relationship of what you want that relationship to grow into。

 what you don't want to see happen， what you've had happen in the past。

 especially in the beginning it's exciting it's fun the same thing happens in the business world where you talk about what you will and when not tolerate from other people in the business world。

 what you're expecting to happen， what you don't want to have happen。

 exactly how you want a deal to be made， and we do that all the time， if you look at RSD for example。

Will very specifically clarify with massive detail，30 page sales letter plus video sales letters。

 emails and and even client testimonies explain exactly what you are when you're getting what you're getting。

 especially when we're selling what we're selling because' not just putting up a picture of a Coke cola can saying。

 hey， by Coke。 We're creating something that is a live program and experience that no one's ever created before and explain a massive deal what it is。

 So people understand， yeah， this is real。 This is really exists。

 We used to get those questions back in the day，10 years ago， people used to call our office and say。

 hey， I'm just trying to figure out if this is a real company or this is real。

 because it sounds really interesting。 I just want to make sure to actually exist。😊。

Now we don't have that problem anymore because we've been around for a very long time。

 people read all about us and see all sort of interesting things about us。

Now calibrate your conversation to the individual， every individual will have a certain presumptive knowledge of the world and perception of who you are and the same thing happens in business。

And as you build that rapport and get deeper and you show you the value that you have to offer。

 the interaction that you have with that person will change slowly you over time。

 just make sure you're aware of that conversational effort。

 calibrate that situation develop your conversation to what you're looking for when you first start off。

 you want to start talking about introducing yourself who you are establish of value and rapport。

 making sure that they understand that you're cool persons， they want to hang out。

 you nott waste your time with you and try to find hooks so that they're interested in talking to you more whether it's in social life or your business life you then want to like escalate the situation and talk about things where you might have commonalities to build and figure out where each other's goals are and try to help facilitate that process of growth and also fun and let them know what you're looking for and how they might be able to help you get with that and as you facilitate that and then will grow the escalation of you chter out through that commonalities and the goals and moving things forward。

 especially if you're looking for the longterm business relationship if you're looking for a short deal same to pickup。

Thoseose fancy quick things are easy to close， easy lock down。

 and then you basically create that excitement around it， the momentum and thenclo。

 and then social momentum carries you forward to push things for a quick and closing deal。

But you've got to manage to sit appropriately based upon what you're looking for。

 whether it's in a soul setting or it's in a business setting， I know in a social setting。

You got to look at the set and you got to say， okay， well， in this interaction。

 I'm looking to get this particular result。But most of the time。

 you have to be outcome independent Now， in a business setting。

 your outcome is usually kind of predetermined because people usually will come to you。

 But if they're completely cold， they may not even want do business with you you may want to approach your business set more like a social set where you're also outcome independent where you're interacting with a set just talking to try to base upon general interested in developing a fun experience or a friendship。

 And then seeing if there is a possibility for business because usually when you're doing cold approach for business。

😊，You don't even know if they really want to have business with you。

 especially if you're going to a convention， you're advertising your services or just walking up to random people who may be friends of clients or potential clients。

 you never know， but if you can hook them into a conversation。

 start sharing those fascinating and most interesting things about what you're trying to offer in terms of your service。

In terms of what you're trying to offer them in terms of our product。

And in the same manner of you trying to offer yourself as that product。

 think about what success you had in your day in life and how those successes relate to your business life。

 and you'll see the parallels are almost exactly the same。

