# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：2与许多女孩和男孩建立友谊_02. Building Friendships with Lots of Girls-and Guys_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I find a lot of value in building friendships with lots of girls and guys。

 even if you're not interested in hooking up with them。

 and I think it's really important that as an RSD guy you have this attitude because there's so much value from it and surprisingly a lot of your dating experience will come from this。

In fact。I even have guys that are on our board of advisors who've taken this attitude to so much to heart。

 we had a guy named Jesse who owns a personal development company。

 and he just walked up the tower not even knowing who he was， introduced himself and said， "Hey。

 you look like a pretty cool guy and to start talking to him。

And they developed a great friendship and turned into him actually becoming a wingman for Jeffie and teaching allstrich of interesting things a lot of people are worried about how to do that because they're like oh how do I walk with that guy well you just do it just like that。

 just like why you walk up to a girl， you just say exactly what's on your mind you walk up to somebody start a conversation hey what's up my name is whatever or say something interesting about the person make an observational comment。

 all the typical things you do and you pick up a girl。

 all the random openers you could do Taman you start talking any kind of thing you could do your social proof。

 you could do。You're merg of you can do all these different things just in terms of building friendships and it's so valuable to do this and it's not that hard you just need to try to do this and you do this naturally a lot when you're like a little kid just hey。

 you want to play ball or you want to do whatever and a lot of people forget those skills when they become an adult yet so important today。

Especially when you're at educational events because then you have a lot of people who are at educational events who have the same kind of mindset。

 when you're in RSD， your mindset is typically about education。

 a lot of you are probably reading a lot of books if you look at guys like Tyler。

 Tyler will read new books almost every day or at least a couple or so every week。

And a lot of these kind of mindsets of people that you want to have， a lot of people always say， hey。

 how do you develop the kind of people that I want to have in my RSD style lifestyle。

 people who want to have as wingman， people who are the same kind of interests Well a lot of people go to educational events。

 whether it's a seminar， whether it's a meetup。com group， whether it's at the university。

 and go walk to people sort of conversations and network and get that。

I think one of the things that I've been doing so well is that I'll even invite people from educational events to other educational events and I'll get my staff。

 my family， my friends involved as well， so I obviously do have a so circle so if there isn't a lot of people that I do want to meet right in my vicinity。

 I still have that kind of hub to go back to kind of like when you're in a club。

 I know that in Las Vegas immersion， for example we sometimes will have hubs where our clients will meet up and they'll go out the adult will have that place。

 that base so that if they're not interacting and set。

 they have that place to go back to with each other。

I share a lot of my contacts with other people because I view that when you are out networking with other people。

 when you do that， that kind of connector attitude really helps you by connecting people to other people。

 they want to connect you to other people， especially works with girls。In fact。

 I know that Tyler is dating a girl that is a Playboy model because he had a friend that he connected to other people and in that guy connected him with some Playboy girls。

 it's so interesting how that works because a lot of people think that well I have a so circle how do I meet other people Well get in the habit of doing the court approaches maybe even connecting people that night people you met that night and that even will even build deeper rapport with those people because it shows that you had that skill set？

It's a very unique skill set as well。You could also just stay in touch with people by social media。

 even if you're traveling to events that are from far away。

 when we first created this company a lot of our RSD instructors would meet people in Montreal。

 Toronto and other places and just kind of ignore them from the future onwards they can they never cross paths again and it's always so surprising how often you do that I was just in Bassad Robbins I met a good friend from childhood who's now an attorney of mine and he was just some random person that I hadn't seen in 10 years。

Now if you're on social media， you are lucky because you're able to connect people that you can stay in touch with on a lot easier way。

 I remember when I was a kid to try to get a hold of people you had to get a hold of them from the landline and sometimes you're not at home and you're sharing that landline with their whole family。

Nowadays， I don't even know people who really have a landline。

 they usually have a cell phone might even have a cell phone connected to the email connected to their social media connected to multiple social media。

 and I think it's very， very useful to try to maximize your ways of contact with your phone。

For example， if I'm using my phone， I have access to a telegram group。

 I could contact all my customers and clients， I have access to multiple settings of chats where I could contact people like Skype。

 I have my phone organized by people， by city， by interests。

 and I even have it with a combination there， like people who are in Las Vegas that are interested in playing golf with me。

 which is like a new passion。And I think that using your phone that way can help you sort your life and kind of act as a planner。

 I nowadays I' when playing golf a lot， not just because golf is a skill set that I thought was cool for networking。

 but also because I wanted to gain mastery over a topic that I viewed as the most difficult thing to start and the most difficult sports you could play and still do something athletic。

So now I now have a blog where I'm tracking the 10，000 steps to mastery， like Mac and Gladwell says。

 take 10，000 steps to mastery， so I created a golf site to' called Cokingdomgolf。

com or I'm tracking my golf progress。And I think that's very useful for you to do to have some kind of a goal or setting you could have。

On the other hand， going back to the topic of organizing your contacts and management。

 I used to do that so hardcore that I would use discussion boards as forum back in the day we didn't have a lot of social networks。

 I think we had myspace just coming out and then back in the day I was using things like MSN network groups or Yahoo network groups and then I'd have conversational topics and discussion board threads relating to cities and in that city that have a discussion board where I met people and I talk about all the people I met because I meet so many people must be my short termm memories really short。

 but one of the ways I was able to remember what I talked about with these people and who they were whether their interests were was to put that in there now I actually do it even in my phone。

Everything from who the person is， what their interests are。

 things we talked about to places we might have traveled to mutual friends we have。

 if I look at somebody's name of my phone， Ive even sometimes accidentally dialed some other people because I havet listed as friend of this person X。

 and I'm trying to call that person X。I think that。Organizing your network， organizingizing dinners。

 organizing casual meats is so important。 I was so interested in doing this and so interested in going to other people's events that I developed the yes mentality。

 which is I would always say yes to everything， even if it was just to go out for five minutes to go to a bar go to a lunch go to a dinner and I'd even do it so hardco。

 I might even go to a three4，5 dinners in the night。

 not going to eat just to hang out just throughout the night or even do the same thing for drinks with random and kind of like non-inacting social groups。

 not intersecting social groups just so I could keep in touch with all these different groups。

 know I'm pretty non-jugmental overall in terms of who I want to hang out with as long as for people that have that overall positive attitude and are people that are kind of fun。

 You're not out there just to seek something from you， they're just there to have fun。

And I think that building on those common interests is so important because of that when you're involved with RSD。

 for example， I think a lot of your conversational set will be on random topics。

 especially when you're meeting girls who might not have the same topics of you but you were trying to transition relationship transition and youre wanting to develop those deeper meaningful relationships as opposed to cool pickup like I got into because when I first got into pickup my goal wasn't interested in just picking up girls it was interested in actually getting a girlfriend I was my New Year Year's resolution many years in a row when I first got into pickup in fact I got on into pickup because there's always like a girl that was in my social circle that I couldn't get。

And a lot of that had to do with not having those common interests， common values。

 common mentalities， or if they were girls that I thought were just really pretty。

 I didn't have those conversational topics and so by having that breath I was able to develop those conversational topics and interests and go deeper into that。

But I think that more importantly in relationship building。

 like getting a long- termm relationship as opposed to those short term when I stand relationships is developing those common bonds。

 common interests， common social circles and common attitudes morals and I think that the most important thing I think as a foundation for most relationships is having those common values and morals。

 so when we're looking for people to hire into the corporate culture of RSD we' looking for a certain kind of people that have the same kind of like brothership。

Same kind of positive attitude for learning， same kind of fast paced lifestyle and goals for excitement。

 that coolness factor， and I think of a law that happens in the same thing in relationships。

funnyun thing the same thing happens in friendships， and when night stands。

 it's more about the adventure。But I think a lot of it will also come down to this as well because a lot of people will turn those one night stands into longterm relationships accidentally and sometimes they'll do it on purpose and that could be done with a lot of the skills you learn from not just the game skills。

 but transfer those game skills into the socializing skills carefully manage your time with a planner and Google Cal though because if you're in this pickup lifestyle。

 youve probably done a lot of approaches just starting off as a newbie。

 I think you do hundreds of approaches， if not thousands approaches within a year or two and if you get to the point where you look at RC instructors you do tens of thousands of approaches your calendar。

 you' Google contact is gonna be very difficult to manage So I used to manage my schedule very。

 very very carefully on a planner I bought at a bookstore writing with a pen and paper now only things electronics。

 So I use it。In a phone。Now。Whatever you guys use， just make sure you're managing your time very careful。

