# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：01.建立全球业务的幕后_01. Behind the Scenes of Building a Global Business【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So I wanted to go behind the scenes on building a global company with real social dynamics。

One of the things about our marketing and our sales copy is that everything in it is so highly educational。

 it's surprising that people who actually watch our videos on our sales copy。

 even read a sales letter dozens of times， I think the average person who reads our bootcamp sales letter which is literally 30 pages long will actually read it about 12 times before signing up for a boot camp。

As a field test when we first created this company。

 I field tested how conversationally cool it was so much that when I was doing sales calls myself。

 I actually just read verbatim the entire sales letter。

 word for word for a client over to phone and stopping every time there was a headline because in these long sales letters。

 there's large headlines and there's text。And then getting his response and kept going all the way to the sale。

 and at the end， he put down a $2000 payment and signed up for the boot camp。

I thought that was truly amazing how we were able to do that。

 so what we did in the company was we create a marketing and advertising process that was both educational。

 fun， conversational is if you're talking to one of your best friends。

And I made it so that everyone in the company。Was a hunter not just a gatherer because there's two kinds of people in a company。

 the hunters are the people that chase the sales， hundreds of the people that kind of go for the money。

 they kind of add revenue， whereas the gatherers are people who are more just the administrative people who kind of shuffle paper like people who are doing hiring。

 for example。The same thing goes in your social setting and people are that conscious。

Grow the social circle and you have other people who can kind of just like maintain it。

And one of the things that allowed us to be so good at this process was just spending so much time and money on having a solid education。

I literally spent over $100，000 a year on internet marketing courses and business courses and seminars and doing that with my team。

In fact， not only did I do an undergraduate in the MBA， I actually went through two MBA programs。

 one of which is at University of Southern California here in Los Angeles。

It's basically a $1 million education of investment in my career to get things going so that we can move this company forward and if you look at every single person in our company。

 we're always learning so much so that our culture is focused on that continuinged education。

 that we even have people usually working for us for six 12 months， maybe even up to three years。

 just volunteering so they could work for us for free so they could learn more from real social dynamics。

 but it's a lot of hard work。WhenWe first trade this company， I was working so hard。

 I didn't even take my shoes off sometimes when I was trying to go to sleep。

 literally I'd be in a front of a computer making phone calls， doing sales calls。

 doing customer service， I even was practicing my computer skills building websites and I would just off the computer lie down on my bed because my desk was in my bedroom with my shoes still on wake up。

 get back up still on and just got back to working because we were working so hard it's kind of frustrating when I first created the business as well because at the same time I was the only one who was really doing this while everyone out everyone else who was an instructor like Tyler and the guys were out in the field were going down to the Sun strip picking up girls sharing stories and adventures and at that time I was in that same mode I felt like the nightcl was like my physical environment like I was a tadpole swimming in the water and I kind of needed to be in that environment and I just wasn't as much fun。

But we created this company so it was very， very kind of cross functional。If you look at our team。

 you have sales interacting with operations， sales interacting with marketing。

 sales interacting with instructors and all the other teams kind of mix match with each other。

 it's not like a typical large company。If you look at most companies， they'll have divisions。

 how we separate divisions， we did this because we wanted our teams to be part of a community where to share ideas and interact with each other and kind of understand what each other does。

The same thing happens when you're in any kind of social city， or're with your friends。

And you know that some people are really good at court approach， other people are good at wingman。

 other people have。Business skills， other people have skills that are more about networking。

And so we combine these people together to kind of create the best team because teamwork is probably the biggest core value of this company because if we wanted to。

 when we originally created this company， it could have been just me and Tyler。

 but we wanted the value of a team because only with the team can you reach a very strong highly influence and large global scale and that's what we wanted to do when you create this company。

 because when I first created this company， our mission。

 our vision and mission was kind of two parts， I had my goal where I wanted to create this large global company and T's goal to create as much influence as possible as many lives as physically possible。

Now the biggest transition happened when we went from living in the Project Hollywood mansion。

 this huge rat pack mansion in the Hollywood Hills where we built our company to kind of getting a virtual office where we have teams that are traveling around the world from place to place we now have offices in multiple cities like Vegas and LA In fact we even have a huge house and that's where we're recording now but at the same time back in the day it was more like we had our clients meet us there。

 we had people working there around the clock and everyone was living there whereas as opposed to now our house is mostly in office and is also a place to crash during non-business hours。

Tower's focus has also always been a live seminars。

 but we've changed a lot of it to productc development because now we could reach a lot more people。

 people that can't travel to our cities when we were living in the house。

 we were in Los Angeles and when we were in Los Angeles people had to fly to us and I thought that was really cool because I get to live in this awesome social circle that I was building from scratch and we loved Los Angeles we thought it had amazing beautiful women exciting adventures and great nightlife and all that's still true today yet at the same time now that we were able to travel around the world to 270 cities in 70 countries and do programs in all of them and also do side trips like I went to 110 countries in the last decade and most of that was for business and we learned so much about different cultures meet so many different clients and as a result we were able to also find people that are better fit for our company and learn from them because our business and our social life is all part of a mastermind。

I stopped doing a lot of instructing a long time ago。

 I was focused a lot on the business administration because at the time I was the only sea levelvel MBA guy in the company now we have multiple people who have MBs and are running the business administration and so I had an office in Pasadena it was what Aussie called his happy place because I had all the instructors crashing at my place and it was right in the center of the city but at the same time I kind of got a away from the Hollywood nightlife scene Pa is a very quiet place it's like an hour to drive to Hollywood to have dinner。

 meet up with friends go out to the nightlife I still did it and I also had people come to see me and I invited people to come out there for dinner parties and regular gatherings and I did that because I knew how important it was to build a soul circle on a regular basis I invite people to lunches。

 dinners I'd often treat people we'd have potlucks。

 we'd have wine tastings we'd have all sorts of fun activities but I was able to do that even in the small town of Pasadena with Hollywood so close by because I built relationships that were so deep and why。

In terms of all the conversational topics we could talk about and things we had in common。

And the thing is during all the crazy social schedule building I had to do and also the crazy business schedule I had to do。

We had a very， very difficult time managing the growth of this company because it grew very。

 very fast， it was kind of like a tech startup。Where instead of like you know a typical tech startup where you have a massive growth and people who've experienced that massive growth being your advisors。

 investing in your company， we kind of had to learn to rope all of it ourselves where we were hiring massive amounts of people and growing rapidly and trying to match our expenses with the growth and it was extremely exciting yet at the same time we had months we were losing every day $6000 a day not knowing exactly what to do until he got on top of how to manage that growth。

 got the right teams and place got in top of our expenses and managed that whole process and was pretty hard core。

 we were trying to manage a lot of it based on a business model created by a guy named Corey Boodle。

 he created Internet marketing co and is known by many to be the grandfather of Internet marketing he was actually my mentor when I was first cr this company and he created something called Inr's Seet guide I think the new one presently available isn't anything like the original one which is like over1000 pages of business advice about how to build a business。

And although I'm touching on a law that I still recommend， if anyone could get that version。

 I think it's from 2005， it's pretty awesome。 he created a company where they traveled around the world doing seminars。

 they had an office where it was similar to our office which was out of a house there was in the center of a business which I used to go to and I think it was really cool to see somebody finally who had a business structure similar to ours because at the time we were trying to model ourselves after other people kind of like dating and pickup up and self-improvement。

And most of these companies were one to five million companies。

 and we were much more than that than the very beginning。

Our main focus though wasn't even on business development。

 it was actually on all the curriculum we were developing。We're developing so many infield videos。

 so many highqu courses and so many tactics， in fact we're developing content so fast that we didn't even have enough video guys to record what we were doing so most of the stuff we had back in 2004。

 2005 and before that because we've been around since 2002 wasn't recorded and you are very lucky today to have almost everything we record in thousands of hours of videos released most week for free and also in how we organized programs like the one that you're watching now。

