# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：7本地名人_07. Local Celebs【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

In every city， whether it's a metropolitan or a small town， there are local celebrities。

 people that have influence， people that have access to different things。

One of my things I've always wanted to do whenever I moved to a local city。

Was try to figure out a way to network with those who are these local celebrities through common nature crpts。

 common interests。And use that as a tool for me to figure out what these people have that make them so interesting to all the other people in the local community。

I know that whether I was in Harvard and I wanted to meet a guy who was considered like the mayor of Harvard。

 the socialite who was networking with all sorts of intellectual people and having this cool positive attitude or going to see U like Las Vegas。

 where there's a guy who is networked with all the entrepreneurs。

 which is a really tight knit community， where the guy in Los Angeles， who is the social butterfly。

 and knows all the people， all the hottest girls， all the coolest parties and how to get access to all those things。

It's just the ability to network with those people in the right way。

Is a thing that I think most people would love to figure out how that is。

Even if it's just soy for the purpose of entertainment。

I think that if you have a lot of fun when you're around other people and not seeking the value from them or trying to get something from them。

 like money or a certain access or what have you if you could just。

Do that and just have fun around them， even if you can't offer like an equal amount of value to your life。

 but if you can， then that'd be great。I think that will help go a long way。

Neworking with like local celebrities is also something that that could abuse if you've already started the process and you already are friendsed with other celebrities because when you introduce some celebrity from one town to a celebrity from another。

 that's pretty powerful to both of them because now you're the connector。And the value of networking。

 the value of people is known to most people who are local celebrities because they usually gotten their celebrity status from their ability to network with other people in a proper way and their ability to get a following and that only comes from understanding social dynamics on a very high level。

So one of the things that I like to do is I like to organize events。

 whether it's an event that they have to travel to or a local event where I network a lot of really interesting people together。

 in fact I have a boot camp client who did this by contacting the most powerful people on the planet。

 he contacted I think of all the Fortune 100 of people who are under 30 years old。

The most successful people that were under 30 years old around the world and just offered to give each of them a firstclass flight to go on vacation with each other and him。

 and then he became friends with them and that grew into him becoming friends with all their friends and their friends as friends and then eventually he had such a large network he literally bought a mountain for $50 million。

And had all these people start buying houses on them and networking and then living together。

 It was truly amazing。 and this is a guy who started from scratch。 He wasn't super rich。

 He was at the beginning of his career and he just did this， and it was a really out of the box idea。

😊，You also want to treat them just like they are your friends and family。

Because I think that if you have that mindset with almost anyone and everyone。

 they'll naturally do that to you as well， view people with that benefit of the doubt that idea that everyone is somebody that you care about。

 you view them at just all life as having value。Then I think you're more likely to get them to be close to you because you have that respect for them as a person。

And also more importantly， you also have respect for their time。

People who are usually local celebrities have a lot of people in their network as a result。

 their time， especially spending lots of time， will be a lot more scarce。

 This happens a lot even to just girls that are not celebrities， just beautiful girls in general。

 girls who are beautiful usually have tons of guys who are offering them all sorts of opportunities to go on dates and what have you just because they're pretty girls the same thing happens tenfold when you're a local celebrity and you're a guy as now you have girls and guys and pretty much everyone on the planet interested in wanting someone from you if you're a celebrity and if you're a local celebrity in your little local community。

So understand that， respect that time barrier， don't ask for it a lot， but find out if you can。

 what they care about and offer it to them。I know that for a lot of people it might be money。

 I know that you see guys like Donald Trump is not necessarily even money directly to them。

 but to him， it's actually he'll want you to donate to like a certain charity or something like that。

 I know a lot of billionaires and millionaires will appreciate the little donations to do things like that that they care about to be around people that are also supportive of those organizations that they support other people on the other hand will be interested in people who are just supporting their common vision and goal like so you local celebrities who are really into a certain kind of community art event or for example。

 and you supporting that artistic process or freedom are contributing to that。

 something that they care about。Because sharing those common interests is really valuable。

 even more powerfully though， is sharing their common friends within their network and within their entourage。

I've had some friends。Who are just so good at networking with my friends that I cannot avoid them。

 even if I never wanted to be their friend。And these are people that actually have become my real friends。

 but people who had had no interest in becoming their friend， in fact。

 I actually preferred when I initially met some of these people that they were never going to be my friend because they networked so deep within my social circle。

 I had no choice。They were companions， there were people that were going to my social function。

 social events， and I think that's cool。嗯。It's one way to really locally network。

 and usually local celebs friends are not necessarily celebs or really just normal people。No。

 it's not like you have a situation where because you're a local sleb all local slebs hang out each chair。

 it's not like what people magazine portrays that's really just like going to particular function where you're seen to be seen and you're networking with all these people because they were invited to these events。

However， if you frequent the same kind of venues that these very successful and pop successful people hang out。

 you're more likely to have these little equations interactions with them and the more times you frequent these kind of places with the kind of local slebs you want to meet。

The more likely you are going to be to having an opportunity to befriend these people and interact with them and network with them。

 same goes with those extremely attractive and gorgeous beautiful women。

A lot of them will travel to the same frequent venues and if you're a regular with those kind of venues whether are a particular bar。

 house parties， social circle， social club， or a certain kind of event。

 youre more likely to network with them and engage with them。So invite them to fund social events。

 invite them to fund social functions。And it if it's a regular venue that you know that they frequent。

 that even better。You should also utilize the existing fratern organization social circle networks for your own social circle。

 because for my structure of how I organize my social life。

 a lot of it was built around all existing structures that people put to blood sweat and tears in building themselves。

I know in Los Angeles， there's no way I could have built my network from to ground up if it wasn't for the help of people that are already connected。

There was a guy out here named Michael Sutton who is the son of a famous entertainment promoter。

 and he built a massive infrastructure for social networking among the entertainment celebrities of Hollywood and beautiful models and celebrities and businessmen where all coincide and interact with each other in social gatherings in private parties。

I would go on trips with him to Utah and we'd stay in a mansion together。

 I would go to dinner parties with him and I would pay money to be a part of these organizations and these structures just so I could grow and gain access to these structures yet at the same time these led to genuine friendship that do not require me to pay money to get access to the people I met through these structures through these organizations they're people that are friends now and I've been friends for several years。

I would say。Possibly half of my friends have come from structures that other people have built。

 an example of a structure that people built would be RSD Nation。

It's a structure that we created and put a blood sweat and tears in。

To build for the RSD student so that they would have that infrastructure of a mastermin people to help them teach them。

 educate them。And so our local celebrities are guys like Tyler。You know。

 all the guys who are teaching the boot camps and in fewer programs around the world。

So looking at these things， it's not like it's you know the secret organizations you see in the movie that are doing things that celebrities only hang out in these exclusive soul circles it's just that sometimes you have to do your research to find out these organizations exist a lot of these organizations aren't trying to market or services are just social circles they're just organizations that are just out there and they exist sometimes we'll have a website just for fun sometimes you'll have to find out about them through word to mouth and asking people that are in these circles。

 you know how they met each other and finding out what kind of common organizations they might be a part of。

I used to spend tons of hours it was almost a part-time job just finding out how to get in these organizations and I did that for years until I got into a bunch of these organizations for business and social purposes but by doing so I now have a network of not just local celebs but local celebs in multiple cities so I guess you could say it's a large network of people who are celebrities and for something because almost everyone's famous for something。

 whether it's for business whether's for particular skill set。嗯。

I you went from people who are accessible went to military to government to politics to just having access to beautiful girls。

 or people that I've networked with。And I think it's a combination of all the networking skills that I'll teach in this program。

 but also just understanding and finding those local fraternal organizations and structures so that you can be a part of it。

 or at least find out the ones that best fit your lifestyle， goals and needs。

