# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：08.我的把妹经历（客户和我自己）_08. Stories From My Pickup Days (Clients and Myself)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Although I'm a marriedrry guy not hitting in the bar and club。

s not doing a lot of cold approaches in the field。Going out late at night with my wingman。

 I do have a lot of stories for my pickup days。 and I wanted to share that with you guys。

 A lot of the stories from my clients I've seen as well that I think are really， really fun just。😊。

Meeting my wife， for example， going out to Park City， I saw my wife。

 she was just walking down the street， I was hanging out my board of advisors and I just walked up to her did the cold approach while other guys were trying to pick her up。

And from that， I had her facing me， port her towards me， started talking to her。

 put my arm around her and invited her out to have sushi and sakeki with me down the street。

 she came。How does my cold approach pick up from that？Not a wingman with me also。

My Wing man was a CEO of another company， an advisor for my company does recruiting。

He ended up going out with me and as female friend of my future wife。

And we ended up having a two set。 She was already in relationships。 So he actually just bounced。

 He's kind of like the shark。 who just wants to pick up girls。And。

He was very much like that throughout my days of going out in the field with him。On the other hand。

 most of my field time was in Los Angeles， I remember when I first moved to Los Angeles literally like a few weeks before I moved in Project Hollywood Mansion。

 I was still living out of a hotel， I met Paris Hilton even before she became famous。

And I just walked up to her。I actually drew a crappy sketch， A crappy picture of her on aquii。

 Sonyquie was like a little Sony version of a tabage。 go right on with a little like plastic pen。😊。

But it's like an electronic pen， I drew a picture of her and I said。

 I drew a picture of her because I was inspired by her beauty。

 she sat down with me and I played some like a funny like a visualization game with her and I got her phone number。

 end up meeting up with her later getting a kiss and then end up having her join one of my social clubs ended up seeing her imparting with her multiple weekends in a row it was interesting。

And I have a lot of friends that actually ended up actually going with students who actually end up going to these clubs with me and going to these parties and seeing her there。

N unique thing。 kind of remind me about the first time I actually did that because actually that was based upon my first approach。

 which is really just like a year and a half before that。 I was at the University of Wisconsin。

 Madison。 I saw a beautiful girl on the lake。 I took a pad of paper because back then we weren't using our phones to keep notes and having。

😊，Pencils and papers was what we were doing back in my day。And I drew a picture of her。

 it was like a stick figure。 and I said， hey。Your beauty inspired me to draw some art because I'm an artist。

 and I showed her a picture。 She laughed， I SAT down with her and I just。😊，Got her phone number。

 and I thought that was an awesome success was my first time doing a court approach walk up on a girl。

I did her hand back in the when I was at Wisconsin， I was field testing with everything。

I was practicing， trying to impress girls and entertain girls at the bars go with magic。

I was so dedicated with that。 I had like a visible thread to levitate things。

 I had routines with my wingman where we would meet a girl like I would meet a girl that he was interested。

 he would meet a girl I was interested in and we would have certain words that were signals to tell us about that or a person and we would talk to that person about that person to go oh my God youre really into that as well and it was kind of like a code where like the first letter of the next sentence that we talked about would mean a certain thing it was really sophisticated and a little bit over exaggerated and therefore I say no。

 do not do these things。 these is very entertaining purposes only we also got to the point where we were doing what we called peacocking which is the concept that the peacock has these fancy feathers to track the other peacocks So we would address in the craziest ways as if we were like rock stars just to be looked over。

😊，Just to make sure that people would talk to us， we did the extreme of even having a situation where I even stapled a stuffed animal to my shoulder。

で。😊，This is another category of nope， do not do this。

 this is for pure entertainment purposes and only， but you definitely got attention or you definitely had that social experimentation frame。

We continued on for using NLP， which is casual hypnosis or trying to even use straight hypnosis in conversation。

 another big note。But I think that the frames of understanding the concepts of reframe belief systems。

 you' looking at one idea of belief system and one frame of light and then reframe it to mean something else。

 like looking at a picture of So in skydiving and so in seeing it as scary and reframe it to mean something exciting。

 I think understanding that basic premise alone is useful Other than that，pe。

 we definitely do not teach that stuff。 And we don't want you to do that stuff。

 But from my pickup days before RSD was created， these were the crazy kind of gimmicks that we were doing。

 Now it's more about conveying the cool aspects of who you are having multiple threads of conversation to go back to the networking when have you But the old school RSD events we first started a lot of it was about can routines。

 patterns of conversation。😊，I was so interested in canned routines。 I even had full memorized poems。

 I could turn into like songs。 It was totally ridiculous。

 We've even had students that were pulling up raps about us， but they're actually legit rappers。

 just the craziest things we'd all experiment with with our humor or trying to do like silly like faces or games。

 people。😊，But I think that that's what made pickup fun。 That's why it was a game。 for us。

 we were just trying to。Experiment in the craziest ways。

 I got into the craziest experiences even with my students。I remember when I was in London。

 I had three to 400 students。At the original RSC free tour。

 the original RC free tour was an event that I created。

 it was a four hour event and in the middle of the event I would tell you。

I bet you guys didn't know that about an hour into this event。

 you were about to meet a lot of hot and beautiful girls。You're going to go out into the field now。

 I'm going to give you guys a mission impossible。 It's not an impossible mission。

 It's just something that is difficult to believe that's going to be possible for you to overcome。

You guys are going to try to meet。Five different kinds of sets， maybe they're on an escalator。

 maybe they're sitting down， maybe they're shopping orre walking place a。

 maybe they're in a group dynamic， maybe they're even with their family。

 but five different kinds of sets and you're going to have 90 minutes to do this。

And then I sent all these people to the exact same department clothing store where these guys would hit the same girls again and again and Ive video recorded for entertainment purposes。

 but after we had videos I could show these guys，In the seminars， things they could shared。

 they could share with each other。And it was really， really fun， but doing things like that。

 those social experiments kind of like we're fucking with these people， but it was awesome。

 great experiences and field experience for them to learn because most of the mission Paul I had from boot camp were from this premise that you could take things to the next level。

😊，A lot of my dating life revolved around me trying to get how to take these pickups。

Pickups that could turn to one night stands into more of that long term dating relationship because I wanted to have not just those situations where it was just pickups or one night stands。

But something that was more complex to sophisticated a longer term relationship。

And in order to facilitate that process， I wanted to have a time where we actually were building rapport and friendship。

Through a longer period of time， so one of the things that I was doing for my day in life that was one of my standard operating procedures。

My goto date experiences what we call tasting dinners， tasting dinners is not the typical one， two。

 three course meal， usually it's relving around a French restaurant or a Japanese restaurant in a Japanese restaurant they call an almacase。

 which is a private chef's meal where chefs from other restaurants meet with other chefs and they'll have a private meal。

 just share with the other chefs of their best stuff and if you know it exists almost every Japanese restaurant has one。

 especially if therere a fivestar Japanese restaurant。In French restaurant。

 they call Deastation Meals， meals where the chef brings his best Kre clam of the stuff。

 the stuff that he would show to the people that are reviewing the French restaurant for a fancy food foodie magazine。

Id take girls to this and if I wanted a more relaxed situation， I knew the girl would drink。

 I would have a wine pairing with it where you'd pair up wines with the foods and this experience as opposed to being the typical 30。

 45， one hour dinner， it's like a two hour experience minimum。Because it's so many different courses。

 but during that time with such high quality food， high quality drinks。

 you can really convey who you are in a deeper and more meaningful way。

Also liked doing couples massages， even if it was like the first or second date。

 couples massages are things that are offered by high end hotels。 I like massages。

 I like spas like that physical inmacy MS you gets to you。

 I also like the fact that the other girl is naked and you get naked。

 and then you go under the covers with each other。 and you're doing that from just the first or second date。

😊，I also liked the idea of an adventure。 I like the idea of doing fun activities。

 I would whether it's something that involved cars I invite girls go race car driving or involve going exploring the beach or doing something like that。

 I found a lot of value also just in social circle integration。

 I found out when the girl met your social circle， There's a lot of value there。 In fact。

 my wife met， my family and my social circle on a date。😊。

It was actually a date to the Playboy mansion， we actually rented out the Playboy mansion with some friends and we had a huge party there。

 but it was a classy event， it was like a black tie event。And the others Playbo girls， a lot of them。

 most of who I invited， but it was really， really cool。

So those are some of the storiess from my pickup artist days as a single bachelor。

