# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：9社交网络技能_09. Social Network Skills【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I can touch the topic of social networking skills， not like networking within the social circle。

 but social networks， those online tools that you could use like Facebook and other kind of sites that just combine people together。

 There's many of that relate to dating as well。Just like how ourians when it relates to pickup。

 there's ones of any kind of interest。The ability to use social networks to share interesting experiences with other people is of great value because that allows you to reach out to people who have interesting experiences and you can learn from them I know that some people will just use Reddit as that tool as opposed to using CNN just to share personal experience because they learn more from their personal experiences a knowledge of others or from them sharing those stories that are more valuable And from just searching the regular mundane resources of going to a site like CNN do com which just has one journalist here and one journalist there for maybe five or 10 topics it's way more powerful。

 way more insightful to just use social networks to get your news。

 get your knowledge and it also is more empowering because you're working with people。😊。

I opposed to an entity that might have an agenda。And I think that's really powerful。 Also。

 it's something that allows you to build your own network because you could add people to your own kind of like circle within most social networks。

If you do that， you could end up using private messages to get one or ones and messages to express if you're looking for a dating that you have chemistry or shared interests。

I know with girls， if you make it queer as you're connecting with them on an emotional and sexual level。

 not just for business or business networking， if it's for dating dating networks。

 that's a huge powerful， powerful tool to get great contact with beautiful women。

And I think that the power of social networks makes it super easy for you to do that。

It's also super easy for you to do that for business because in the business world。

 you can also connect people and break into new networks as well， but。

Using it for dating or business， the bottom line is you're breaking into So struggles and you're building soul struggles online in a much larger way than you possibly could。

Granted， if unless you're meeting with these people in person， it's gonna to be weaker。

 no matter how powerful， how interesting you can be online。

 you'll always develop more meaningful relationships if these soul circles were based upon inperson meetings than soul circles but using soul circles as a tool to break into new networks and expand that real person soul circle。

 those So circle where you're actually texting， meaning up in person and going on crazy experiences together and learning together and cr business。

 that's way more powerful， but it's a great tool to build and expand upon your soul circle and build upon your networks。

 I used it to create very high networks。 people that I couldn't get in touch with people who never thought I'd possibly get in touch with。

 I'd be able to reach out to connect with in real person and develop true and meaningful relationships or develop really great business connections。

😊，It's， it's a great way to coach deals。 It's a great way to break into。

New boundaries that you couldn't possibly get into。But be careful about what you share。

Because so many people share so much on the Internet。

 a lot of people can use that information against you， they can create pictures about you。

 they could and that in my family life， I had a cousin who was scaring just about her personal life for a kid that she adopted。

And the stuff that she was doing， like taking the kid on vacation， she says， oh。

 you're doing too many vacations with this kid， we don't like that。

 and he took the kid back just because he was sharing stories， I thought that was crazy。

But that was how social networks communities be against you。

m other ways to be used against is if you don't want people to know your identity。

 because a lot of people will hate success， there's a lot of people who don't know what success is about and know hate success。

 it's like how people think money is evil。And as a result。

 that hatred will be used against you sometimes， and people will just try to sabotage your life。

 try to find out where you live， maybe threaten you， and I've seen that happen。

To not just my friends， but also to me， you know， I've had people that have hated my success。

 In fact， I even got mail sent to where I lived that had a fake anthra accident with a death threats in it。

 And I had like the law enforcement had to chase that person down。 It's， it's just identity the。

 I've had that happen to me also。 And we had to have law enforcement chase them down。

 And this is from revealing too much from on social networks。 So be very。

 very careful at the same time。I personally have chosen to after having gone a massive amount of experience on social networks to stay private。

 I don't have any social network accounts have RC N the Papa account I just recently created an RSC Papa YouTube channel as well。

 however， I decided I want to stay private。But I wanted to say public for business purposes。

 I know for LinkedIn， I still have a profile up。 I don't really utilize it other than for business purposes。

 or like YouTube is's for educational purposes R nation is for educational purposes。 that's business。

However I did have。You know， I still have appreciation for the power of social networks to allow you to stay in touch with your old friends and stay in touch with your family。

You play video games to each other， you share pictures to allow people who are in to different parts of the planet to stay in touch with you and know what's going on。

 I think that's really cool。On the other hand， if you look at social networks and how fast they're growing。

 how the average person is making social networks into like thousands of people or tens of thousands of people。

 and yet they we know 10 of these people， or maybe they may have even met like less than 1 hundred of these people in their real life。

 but only 10 of them are actually real friends。It makes it even more so that the power of text messages。

 the power of the phone and power of being in person。

Itcomes even more powerful because the Use social network kind of becomes overplayed out。

And that's where it loses its power and it becomes more like a photo album or a press release than it is an actual meaningful network of a real social circle。

So。You could use it to stay in touch with old friends or connect with new people。

 but utilize it mostly to connect with particular people and develop those real meaningful relationships。

 because if you're using it most just to stay in touch with people and convey your life， that's cool。

 especially if you're doing it for business purposes and you have a brand you want to build。

On the other hand， most people don't need to do that。

 especially if your product or service is not built around that brand， if it's not built among you。

 if it's built instead around a Pro service， that Pro service might be better suited to have that social network or have that particular brand。

Yet it's still fun。People just naturally love sharing their adventures， sharing pictures。

 sharing their stories。It's cool， on the other hand， being very cognizant that if you are。Single guy。

You will have girls googling you， looking at your social media and finding out who you are if you don't like what they're going to see。

 it will definitely affect your dating life。You could also though use it to make introductions to other people or get introductions to other people。

Do not just connect with particular people， but connect other people that you're connected with to other people。

Power being a connector is being brought up again because it is the basic and not just basic。

ind of an advanced principle， but it's。It's one of the strongest foundational principles。

That are important to getting a high end network and is having that as a basic practice of course。

 doing it in real life is more powerful you know going out to an event， meeting people and then hey。

 I wanted to introduce to somebody who I think you should really meet I think that kind of thing comes across really well it's also fun because you feeling a purpose when you're doing these kind of things I used to go to social events not really feel like why I was there okay I'm supposed have fun well。

 I have fun networking and interacting and tinkering with the social matrix and seeing what is going happen and I guess the social skills practice those social skills and networking with kind of these common purposes。

😊，Give it a little bit more of an edge for more fun。But I very carefully manage my social calendar。

 I very carefully manage my events。I used to basically say yes to everything and now I'm saying no to almost everything I have very particular things I get invited to all the time all over the world。

 I know that this week，I was thinking that I might be in the south of France。

 going with some friends of Bevervey Hills to meet a duchess and going to her ball in the south of France。

 I also had an opportunity to go to an esport arena with some friends。

I had another opportunity to go hiking with my wife in St。

 George and then look at beautiful mansions instead I'm here in Los Angeles making videos yet at the same time yesterday we had a cocktail party at the house I'm trying to very tightly organize with my social calendar and schedule because I have business events and social events that have to very carefully manage my time。

Social networks though can be a way to manage that calendar。

 you could post your events on things like Facebook and what have you and share with your friends。

 I think that's kind of a cool way to use social networks。You also share business ideas。

 fun thoughts and videos。 I know a lot of people prefer to do it with email that way。😊。

I know for sure the people that they only want to see it are going to see it as opposed to all these random people that could see it。

There is still a lot of value in having a private life。

 especially if you become a public figure like myself， where in the eyes of the law， in most places。

 it's very difficult to fight when anyone says about you and most business owners are forced to become public figures in the public spotlight。

But it is a very fun tool to have and a very valuable tool to have if you know how to use it properly。

