# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第12周-拉里·贝内特（RSD联合创始人）_Week 12 - Larry Benet (RSD Co-Founder)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I'm here my home in Las Vegas with Larry Bennety。 he is the master networker， Master Connector。

 He just spoke at Summit， sharing some of his insights on how he networks with the most powerful people on the planet。

 I love this guy because he's kind of like the master networker that I wish I was。

 I think that like I'm one of the top three networkers that are in my world。

 but him and a guy named Elliot Bisow who created sumummit series I view as the premier master Networkers。

 he organizes events。😊，Through a group called Sing and in these events you have everyone from Tony Robbins。

 you have Jaybraham， you have the most powerful networksers， the ones that I' like even mention。

 like Hary McCaay， he's Ferazzzi， whatever talk about their books and what have you。

 and they're all really， really good friends of this guy here。

And I thought it'd be really cool to share his insights in terms of networking and all the things that you do to make yourself this invaluable player in the business world。

 the social world and how you're kind of like taking all this Rolodex。

 this massive network that you have and adding value to the world society and to yourself。Yeah。

 you know， it's kind of interesting you mentioned Keith Farazi and Jay Abraham。

 so if you think about it。I bumped into， like， for example， Keith Ferazzzi， I't know。

 maybe five weeks ago at a Jim Qui's event。 And in the few minutes we were together， he talked about。

 he's trying to raise $750000 for his company。 By the way， if you haven't read Keith's book。

 great book called Ne Loone， who's got your back， fantastic。😊，And anyway， so I said to him， well。

 he said to me， maybe you can introduce me to some folks。 and that's fine。

 I've learned a lot from Keith over the years。 And so I introduced him to a friend of mine named Kamerza。

😊，Who I know invest in tech startups and so then a few days later， I went to Keith and I'm like。

" hey， you throw these dinner parties and I said， why don't we co-host a dinner party and I'll go invite maybe some serial entrepreneurs that invest in companies like yours。

Why don't we do that， he goes， yeah， that'd be great。And what's interesting？

I mean the key of all this is you know really figuring out what's important to someone else。

 If you can tap into what's important to them， chances are a lot easier。

 they're going to say yes to a request or want to help you with something you care about。

 And up to that point I've been to events but I don't know if I'd ever been to one of his formal dinner parties which I've heard amazing things and things like yeah。

 that sounds great so literally。And in the span of one week。

 I actually went to two dinner parties at Keith's Place。

 but it was because I was trying to help him and then you talked about Jay Abraham， so Jay Abraham。

 who's a famous marketing strgist， I don't know if you've ever heard of him， but Jay gets like $100。

000 a day to do consulting。Actually in Japan he gets $5，000 at a seminar just to ask him a question。

 but the point is， Jay came to me and asked， hey can you ask some of your influential friends。

 can they promote Damon John's book， the power broke the New York Times bestselling book because Jay is Damon's mentor。

 I think Jay's probably featured in the book and you wanted to help Damon out。

And so you know most people like most people are very tactical or transactional or focused on them。

 but the way I look at it as， you know sure， not a problem。

 I could do that because that's probably so I can invite what he said is I can invite some of the influencers to his home and we can brainstorm and roundtable discuss and he's very good at monetization strategies and all these other things。

 plus he's a world around copywriter。I'm like， oh， that's a great opportunity。

 I can add value to people in my network that maybe I haven't touched or added value to recently。

 like huge influencers。😊，And you know， you're coming to this event that I'm hosting in two weeks。

 actually。 And I mean， we literally have some of the most amazing world roundowned thought leaders in the world to rock star entrepreneurs。

😊，And venture capitalist and everything else。 And it all， if you think about it。

 it's because I decided to help Jay， who wanted to help Damon， right。Tonight。

 literally before I came over for dinner。One of the guys that I've just written me。

 I think I met him less than six weeks ago。 As a matter of fact。

 I saw him speak the same day I saw Keith Farazzzi。And this is all within a five weeks window。

 One of the guys name is Walter O'brien。 I saw him speak。 I had not met him。

 I literally Facebooked him。 I was so impressed with him。You know he said， " hey。

 we probably have some meet your friends， but I would like to introduce you to one or two people that I think could be of value for you because he was a great speaker。

 I was really impressed with his message。And。We ended up speaking on the phone。

 we really hit it off I' like， hey， what are you doing for the 4th of July？

 So he comes out for the 4th of July。Then after the  fourthth of July party， I'm like， hey。

Would you like to go to the dinner party that I'm hosting with Keith Farazzzi。

 He throws these amazing dinner parties， And so Walter came that。😊。

And and then now he's coming to this event。 But here's the point。 I don't know what he gets。

 It might be 50000 or 75000 just to show up and give a talk。

 But you know all these guys so like Jay gets $100000 for a day。

 And he's spending like an entire like day and a half。

 So if I had to go pay that would cost me like 150000 just for Jay。

 it would cost 75000 just for Walter Keith Ferazi gets like $60000。 Harvey McKy。

 I don't know what he gets right But so with Harvey I started helping Harvey years ago because he had a book that he wanted to hit to the success。

 So I introduced him to some of the top Internet marketers。

 which was a value to him when I first met Peter Gober。

 he owns the Golden of State Warriors or he owns the Dodgers and he's very successful businessman。

 And again， in that one case， he was trying to get his book or whatever and I knew some influencers or whatever。

 So to me， as a matter of fact， you mentioned you wanted to get Owen， your partner。A vocal coach。

 and you mentioned Roger Love and Roger Love， I happen to know him。

 he's actually going to be at my conference， but so right after you said it， I sent an email。

 Roger Meet Nick， Nick wants to be a new client for you， his partner， Owen， needs some services so。

You know， it's just， it's about thinking of other people。 So you mention it。 No。

 a lot of people might hear it， but did they take action on it。 And that happens on any given day。

 I was at a party on Saturday night。And I'm really busy right now trying to prepare for this event。

 like literally working 20 hours a day。 And a lady named RV Robinson said， hey， who do you know that？

Can help me create a licensing program or something like this。 And I said RV。

 I said I'm so busy right now。 I just don't have time。

 but literally I ended up waking up like that next day at like five in the morning and I literally got up and I sent three different email introductions for her to people that can help her I think it's really just comes down to simply thinking of others。

 helping others， not keeping score， I think it's a lot easier for you give to givers and you know。

I came out to support you this week。And as a matter of fact。

 my team wanted me to cancel the meaning to come out and speak for you。 and I'm like。

 I'm just not going to do that。 Nick's a friend。 and I said， I'd go out there and here we are， you。

 having dinner and speaking on camera to your folks。Yeah， thanks so much。

 especially since you're so busy organizing this conference， man。 that's so awesome。

 And it's so cool to see the spark in your eye and the passion and the love because it's not just about you connecting。

 I could see you really having fun moving emotions。

 It's like that guy it's like you're a president of my country。

 but're just instead of like managing a or state。 kind of managing influence of power movement and connecting for those you watched and I just want to be I this is the vulnerable moment or the authentic moment。

 So I just want you know I was not a natural born connector。 I'm kind of shine introverted。

 I have made it and lost it more times than I can count。

 I've bow depression on and off over my course of my career。 I've been bankrupt。

 I've literally been at points in time where like my bank account showed zero kind of thing but I will tell you that anything is possible。

😊，And you know there might be someone watching that might be shy introvertted or they're trying to meet the woman or they're shy introverted。

 They want to grow their business or whatever。 And I just know if you are passionate。

 if you are you have something bigger than yourself。

 And if I look back at how it both overcame the depression it was focusing more on giving。

 focusing more on gratitude not so much on what the past was。

 and then also like serving other people。 know I've been looking at lately all the different kinds of influential people I've been helping。

 and as a matter of fact， I was on the phone this morning。 I mean， tonight before we came over。

 So about a week ago， I speak to a friend named Rich Strombe。 and there's articles on Rich。

 I mean he's super connected。 and there's a conference called Davos。

 and it's like the who's who of the planet。 It's like 150 to $250000。Just to go to this event。

 And anyway， when him and I were talking， I was like， well tell me about the event， he goes well。

 I'm partnering with CNBC。 I'm like wow， that's really cool。 Tell me about it。

 I know I've never been a Davos。 And like I said， normally it's government leaders or Richard Branson type。

 get invited。 And then even then， those guys have to pay。 So I said， hey， whatever you need。

 I want to help you。 So then I was on the phone with him tonight。 And we got off the phone， I said。

 well， what about Peter Gober， He's like， that would be good。 I'm like。

 well what about maybe Scooter Braun， who's Justicein Bieber's magic he goes， oh that'd be good。

 So then I got off the phone with him。 I'm like， hey， what about Tony Robins。😊，He goes，  oh。

 that would be awesome。So now I can give the gift of this invitation。To Tony。

 and I don't know Tony that well。 I mean， he has spoken for me and Tony knows well my former partner was partners with Tony。

 but Jay， for example， speaks at Tony's business mastery。

 But now I have an opportunity to give a gift of an opportunity to someone that I want to build a relationship with。

 So I always look for I it an event I it a party Can I make an introduction。

 But something that's going to benefit someone else where one plus one can equal 11。

 A lot of people don't know how to talk all these interesting people。

 And I'd like to get to perspective on the question I was asked to me。

 Okay how do you figure out the white questions， the right questions to ask in order to get somebody。

So I inspire you to grow you too。I think you' just got to be present。 number one in the moment， so。

Let's take you and me or let's look at just a simple conversation。How did you meet your wife？

I were walking down the street in Park City， Utah during an Eo of retreat And while my friends went into a bar right they came outside after Id already engaged in a conversation。

 So she ended up spa the rest of the night having drinks with me my friends and so like what do you and your wife like to do for fun playing video games drinking wine having sushi So like what's your favorite video game Pomp 7 what is it Pomp7。

 actually named my new kitten cloud after the main character how many cats do you got3 you were mention one of your cats is going has some health issues Yeah。

 one of our cats is in a really， really bad state。 So we got him into a clinical trial that's helping him out one of the rarest clinical trials you could get him into。

 we got lucky So if you actually know someone that has a cat and their cat is really sick you may want to reach out to Nick no no because he knows you' some clinical trial after that might be able to help them。

 So it's always like kind of thinking so in terms of conversation knowre。

conversation what do you do So for example you mentioned wine right you said golf So what kind what kind of what's your favorite kind of wine I love shout to Montna。

 It's a great cabbernet if I was going to retire one day and on a winery that would be it they have a beautiful Oriental garden Okay I love soba oster。

 It's a reasoning that we got from Germany Okay Great taste。

 great favor Okay awesome and then how often do you play golf。😊，You know。

 I used to play five to seven times a week and my wife is having me cut down， it's a summertime。

 so now I'm only playing like once a week or so， only once a week haven't been on the golf course and age and then what kind of golf can you got？

You know， I started playing about a year ago， but I think I'm a decent player for what I have。

 you know， know I'm averaging now like in the 90s So I guess it's okay it's a decent play。

 So I'm pretty connected So if I or someone in my network could help you in your company professionally what's most important to you at this stage of your company。

 that's an interesting question because that's the question that Tony Shea asked me when I'm hanging out with him doing shots at the bar and it's the question because sometimes to be a great network or you can drink the right shots to go hang at Tony Tony if you were watching this by the way the time Tony came to saying I still remember I was calling downstairs and like hey has Tony She arrived they're like no not yet and it was like 12 o'clock night So 1230 or1 o'clock in the morning hey has Tony She arrived no not2 o'clock Tony because he's the opening speaker the next morning but he was doing。

Ss with everyone in the bar downstairs。 So having shots， that's another good way， I guess。

 to network。 absolutely， and I know that in Silicon Valley， they drink Vert and fornet to drink that。

😊，It's usually mixed with cocoa and Bus Air， it's like a very unique drink。

 It's kind of a acquired taste。 So when I hang out with him。

 we do for net shotss it's kind of like a rare thing because it's like acquired taste。

s toy' thing but I guess yeah I So for you and Owen what's like what would be if if there's an individual if there's resources。

 how can I be if someone's watching this right now， how can they be of service。

 how I and my network be able to connect you what would that even look like You know the things that Ons working on is kind of different to me So what I'm working on is more about corporate governance trying to figure out the processes that work when we're creating subid corporations now for Owen his vision and mission is extremely queer in terms of growing the company but what he really needs help with is kind of getting the team of people around him that are potentially great sea level hires that can help manage him and his operations in Los Angeles because I kind of have that remotely but he's the kind of person that requires people to work with him in person and trying to find a right。

People put in place as a challenge for us So here's the thing so if you're watching this video I mean they run the largest online dating coaching company in the world right do you through live programs we do more live how many programs a year do you do over a00 live programs10 live programs we have1 thousand volunteers a lot of employees a lot of volunteers。

 a lot of independent contractors that are the same as employees with but they're international and so I'll give I'll give you a secret so years ago I met shit homes and during our conversation。

 one of the things I probably asked him something very similar and I remember he told me that he wanted help with his daughters like music career and then he said but Larry he goes if I could find a call center they could take sales leads for my company he would blow the company up now the truth is。

I didn't know any call centers at the time， but I knew people in my network that use call centers。

 So I would call up Michael for saying like， hey， who do you guys use to handle your sales leads。

 And then I just kept on calling people。 So then once I figured out that several people said the same company。

I called him up on my hey， this guy Randy Garn from Prosper Corporation。

 they are a good company and I highly encourage you， let me introduce you。

 The reality is checkuck has done that easily on by himself now why he didn't I don't know。

 but I took the initiative because I wanted to go build a relationship with Chet so。

I think if someone's watching， I think it's a combination of being present。Listening， you know。

 hearing what you have to say， I don't think it's a whole thing like， what's the right。

 What's the million dollar question。 I think it's just really。嗯。

Being in the moment and just figuring out and I think also being curious being。

 I am truly curious about you for how you got married， where you did the honeymoon。

 how you met your wife。 you know， I'm curious on how you've built this business I'm really fascinatingn about it。

 And I think the best connectors， the best network not only are they curious。

 but they do like to serve and help other people。 and they're not they're not transactional。

 They're truly looking out for like win win kind of relationships。

 And I think that's the best way to do it。 absolutely I also think it's a lot of fun just this YouTube channel have know the YouTube co for this nico official and just creating this programy founders。

 I love it is' just super fun。 and it's inspiring thinking outside the box。

 as opposed to just the typical being in the work。 And I'm really enjoy it now。

 I hope I enjoy it for a very long time。 because I'm really enjoying it。 that's what I like doing。

 I also love the value of being able to reach out to people like yourself and other people。 and kind。

😊，Connect with them through these interviews。It's a chance for us to kind of like have an excuse。

 but like an excuse that could help give us both kind of like recognition and you know introduce what you're doing and what are doing how many people for example watch your videos on the YouTube for example So if we're trying to go introduce the front right now we're about two to three months in now I would say the average video is getting about 30。

000 views so 3，000 new people have the potential So you're reaching so you're creating value for whoever that person is because 30000 people will watch perhaps yeah and on top of that we have customer database of a few00000 people and it's kind of a cool thing because when we do a promotion to that database for winner's or product launch。

 they have an opportunity to also you know get involved with wherever else we're involved with and what we're involved with is interacting with all these really interesting people that are mentors。

 matchmins and connectors influencers I love how you're connecting influencers yourself know and the idea that you had。

I thought it was really unique because I've never heard a Or conference where you actually have one day for influencers。

 one day for the business strategy people， the people who are doing actual operations and managing people that's a really cool concept I will tell you this and I've done this several times in my course of different careers。

When I was just in sales in the technology industry in the 1990s。

 I used to work for a company called the Gartner Group。

And I was the president of the South Easternstern Software Association。

 so it was a volunteer kind of role。And we always got。You know。

 the VP is coming out and some CEOs of the the tech companies。 But for some reason。

 we could just never get the CEOes to come out。 But I really wanted to access some of these CEO guys。

 And so one day， I reached out to one guy who is a very wellknow CEO I'm like， hey。

 would you host the the event， He said， yes， And what's interesting about it。

We were able to create a group。I gave them something of value， right， And they all came。

 And they masterminded for the morning or it was like a C roundtable。

 And if you think about what's about to go down。I don't run 100 million company。

 I don't run a $500 million company， but the number of entrepreneurial CEOs。

 because I made a decision。When I first started saying。

I wanted to connect with some of these influential thought leaders give him some value and we did that over the years。

 know， whether like you said the Tony Robbins to the Tony Shaise。

 the Peter Gos everything else And now I want to spend more of my time with socially conscious entrepreneurs。

 socially conscious investors and socially conscious thought leaders that are humble that are nice that are kind that are generous that give back that help each other。

 I think of Tony Shea he's so successful running Zappos and he runs the downtown project。

 but he's such a nice guy or a Jack Canfield from Chicken So for the So just a super down the earth guy despite their success I'm like you know what。

 I want to spend more time with those people And the reality was if I'm not getting invited for say into a certain kind of group or whatever。

 you know what， go create your own or help someone else that already is doing something so contribute to what they're doing and so you in my case obviously we' inviting or we've created a group of likeminded people。

Now literally， we're getting calls from people that run these very successful companies。

 and we will create so much value during a period of one day just because on how we curate an event。

And I think anyone can do that。A by just thinking outside the box and thinking who they know or who could they serve？

To you know add some value to what they're doing What you do is it's kind of like a fulltime job。

 just to network with powerful people。 And it's kind of a unique thing that even if you are like one of the most powerful people on the plant。

 the time it takes to build that Rolodex is something that they just don't have And you have that luxury and it's probably the most fun thing you could possibly do too you know know I was thinking back earlier tonight just to some of the conversations I was having and actually there was two of the guys that were here for your events that were you know helping me But the reality is every one of the calls that we had was really focused around。

The other person's needs and trying to tap into what I could do to serve and support them。

 and like I said this my friend in Davos， I asked him like you know what are you looking for you know are these speakers would these guys be valuable for you Yes yes yes。

 so then I said after a while of speaking to them I'm like hey。

How many tickets could you possibly set aside for me to invite people that would help benefit you and he goes。

  well how about 10 Well， I know going to Davos is a $150，000 ticket。And it's all。

 but it only came about because I'm trying to help him with the things that he wants。

 whether it's sponsors or whatever。 And I'm totally cool。

 So is like totally counter intuitivetuitive。 Me， people are like， why would you do that。

 Why would you go help。😊，For no money whatsoever now and sometimes obviously I'm charging retainers or whatever but sometimes I'm like Keith Ferazzzi。

 I didn't like say hey let me go charge you I'm just saying you know let me go help Keith good things tend to happen and it's like it's kind of like you I came out here to speak for your guys and I'm sure good things will happen that's just the way life works it's interesting because every kind of group you're at a dating event for a dating advice at the same time you mean I remember you asked an audience who hears a business owner and I would say 80% plus of the hands I' not more raise your hand maybe 90% in the hands and I was really surprised by that know I think that it's really interesting also if you go to a business conference and you'll see how many those people are interested in dating self improvement or any other topic So you were asking me earlier about how we were going break into all these other niches and I think that it's just because the audience that our loyal fans。

reallyally interested in all these various topics。 So I have a question for you。

 so I know you're supposed to be interviewing， so I'm turning the table。

How did you create all those loyal fans， The biggest thing is that we kind of just got to know them as friends personally。

 And when we first started off， to put things in perspective。Most of our career。

 we weren't seeing these four star five star hotels and having like nice houses and stuff like that we were literally like going up to our clients and said hey。

 we'd like to sign up for this program be awesome， I'd love you to hang out with you but we people more airfare。

 that kind of thing。But then we got to the point where like most of the time we were traveling。

 we were staying with our house we were staying with we couchsing but I had our instructors。

 every instructor and the company did the same thing。

 they drive us from the airport they would help us out with video production。

 they'd help your volunteers you're talking about that network of volunteers because these guys would go to our events for free but most of these guys who went to our events were free for a very long time end up paying eventually then R and also lot them would become on payroll for example our camera team here I think they worked for months if not a year or longer as interns 20。

40 hours a week or more and now the guys who we were able to survive that and they really had the passion now they're on payroll and now they have an interesting life I think that for our clients though。

In order to get that what we call a movement going Owen was studying this book called Tris have you heard of that book did right that's right and I love you read that book Yeah。

 so he loved the idea of that he also loved the idea and he studies a lot of utter self-impcruitement groups like you know mind dynamics and how they split into Sc and S and he studied you know Toy Rob's organization and all that stuff。

And I think that what was cool about that is that he understood how people will create a movement and a lot of it is an interactive exercise。

's getting to know you， creating personality， showing people your life。

 if you look at the most popular YouTube channels， a lot of it are guys like Cory。

You knowAccording Nistatt， he has a channel where all he does is every day of the week creates one hour videos a him tro around New York City and all over the world doing crazy random things so what we decided to do was when we travel different around the world we would do it which is we're doing it once a week we're not fulltime YouTubeters like him and showing our lives and giving so much。

Inight in terms of free content， like literally an hour， sometimes two a day。

 but among 10 to 20 channels and with almost a million subscribers they're just like among the culmination of the channels。

You'll have a situation where you get dysloyal falling because people will actually just。

Give us money。 I'll literally just get random checks in the mail。 And I was like， hey。

 I just thought give you money。 just take some money。 If you want to randomly send me some money。

 I take American Express Vi Mastercard， discover what else， what else what are the other options。

 Yeah， you get take about my。 I could I take Paypal That's right， Paypal gift cards。 Yeah。

 Hey by the way， if you guys want to just a free gift if you just go to Larry Benay do com。

 I think For ebook， well send you out a， you know。😊，If you want to connect with anyone。

 have more success in business in life， just you can just go there。

 And or if they can just go watch on like my Facebook channel。

 I post a lot of free videos so they can kind of they want to go deeper。

 Or if you want to send checks and Mastercard credit cards， I'm willing to take that too。

 he'll appreciate it。 pretty much。😊，But yeah， there。 Thanks a lot。 This has been a lot of fun。

 So I have a question。 So you said， so how do you know about asking right questions。

 So none of those questions were planned， But I think it was just being really wanted to get to know you better。

 So I would say， as people are watching， if they're really getting stuck just。😊。

It's kind of like walking and talking， just having a simple conversation to really get to know one And yeah。

 I think that from my standpoint， when I created this product when I created the membership site。

 a lot of it was just from the fact that I didn't have any questions and I don't go to any interviews with any planned questions whatsoever。

 I don't even have any particular topics。 I just wanted to have a conversation with my buddies and just share some stories I could record it。

 share with other people。 I think that's really cool。 That is cool Yeah thanks bro you appreciate。

