# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：10.我的工作与生活平衡时间表_10. My Schedule for Work-Life Balance【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

My schedule for work life balance。Involves a combination of just a few things。For one。

 I want to stay on top of my health， but only so that I can have an active mind， I don't get slouchy。

 I'm not trying to be like the RSC instructors are continuing tu out in the field working on the healthiest of diets。

I think that's really admirable and I used to do that kind of thing working out every day。

 hitting the gym literally every day， especially when I was training for races。

 like long distance endurance races nowadays I'll hit the gym primarily to go out with a trainer for golf。

I'll practice golf exercise at the gym with different cables。Practice with PVC pipes。

ISp a lot of time though on the range at the country club hitting balls and then more importantly for me。

 just hitting actual courses because although that might not be the best way to get good。

 I believe it's a great way to get good while having fun and doing it with friends。

I also use a treadmill desk， I have a treadmill desk so that I could walk on a treadmill at a study two miles an hour。

 sometimes two and a half or three。And I could actually do that while walking and have a desk on a treadmill and typing on a computer。

 making phone calls， and running my company， running my business。I think it's awesome。

 I even have most of the time and we' have it on now。But I have a Fitbit。

 which is a watch that you could track your steps and the goal is to get 10，000 steps a day。

 there's a guy， I believe he's one of the oldest living men in the world。

 I think he's in Japan somewhere。People ask what is your secret to success， he goes， well。

 I walked 10，000 steps a day and now he's lived a very， very long time。For me。

 that's my goal I even have a settings so that my risk vibrates when I hit 10。

000 steps every day and I celebrate with my friends or my wife。

 or other people that are in mybit community can can track with your friends。

 how many steps they were doing I even motivated myself so much to see how far I could push it。😊。

I told my friends that。And I bought them all a Fitbit my board of advisors。

 a bunch of CEOs are motivated， hardworking guys that want money。

I gave them each a Fitbit I bought it for them， and it was like $10 each。

And they had these watch they put it on， I said。I'm going to and I even taunted the biggest most athletic guy。

 he looks like he's in an army like him a giant bear。

 a human sized bear just like a military officer and I said to him。

 I'm gonna give each of you guys if you guys could walk more steps than me in a day cumulatively so if you each do a thousand steps in a day。

That's 10，000 steps。You know， if any day that you human beat me for that particular day。

 I'm going to give you guys $100。And so this will last for one month。

And if I can't get my weight to my target weight of 172， then I'm going to continue it another month。

And I did that and I was able to hit my target weight from。195 to 172 in a month。On the other hand。

 I was also not just walking， I was literally spending hours or not just my treadmill desk。

 my actual treadmill running at the end of the day to make damn sure if I was tracking their hours。

And or steps and it was not where it needed to be， I would just start running as fast as I could during that month。

 and I also was eating very little。Gnoola bars and healthy shakes and very little of most substance。

 but it got me to a place where I had energy。I guess that's kind of an extreme way to put things。

 but I do have the time to do things like this because I organize very strict meetings。

 time schedules and have a sit rep， a situational report that's based on military standards that's where my system goes to all my。

email。We give me an update for my business life and my business communication what I need to respond to on a daily basis and also my personal life。

 and I need to respond to remind me about those tasks and supenses I haven't completed。

I think it's really important for me to have a business assistant。

And also a personal assistant to somebody who could help me do those mundane things。

 I go to the restaurant and pick up food， so I don't have to drive and takes me an hour。

 but every hour of my time is worth a lot of money to the company so I could look at how much money the company is making。

嗯。And how much the net income is， and I could definitely hire small army people to do small tasks like this so that I could accomplish those goals that utilize my time the best of my abilities。

Because I value my time and I delegate to accomplish those higher purpose things that no one else can accomplish。

Due to the fact that I have so much education and have so much field experience。

 the building of the complex sophisticated structures and making strategic decisions and operational decisions and actually taking action to create actual content or products or relationships or sponsorships。

 or what have you。😊，Very unique skill sets that I have。

One of my strongest skill sets is that networking， getting access to things。

 and I utilize that4 RD to the best myab abilitiesities。

 and those are very rare things that very few people I know in a planet has been ill successfully do。

So as a result， I like the idea to teach these things。

 but Roy comes from practicing these skills in the field just like how pickup is。

 and you can expand upon this stuff for a very， very， very， very long time。

I also want to dedicate a lot time to my relationship， to my partner。For romance， for time。

 every week。And more time you could put in that， more happiness you're going to find in life。

The more time you could or resources you could put in that， even if it's not just time， the more。

Supports you can provide or constructs or facilitation of your partner's goals。

 the happier also have， the happier you're going to be， the more happiness you will have。But I mean。

 I try to balance that my family life and do so， even if travel is required because business life is just one third of those three things that I focus on in my。

Regular checklist， my monthly checkup is on family， business and personal。So I work very。

 very hard to make sure that I stay on top of my families everything， especially as you get older。

You know your parents， your grandparents。I even had a grandmother who would put a check mark in a book every single time somebody in her family called her。

Just called her on the phone， I thought that was amazing。Because they care so much。

In way to track metrics。I guess I come from a family that tracks things。

 tracks all kinds of key performance indicators， and I guess that's one way to do so。嗯。

I also come in that work hard， play hard philosophy because I went to a boarding school。

 and I would hear this all the time， work hard， play hard。And it would have even forced upon you。

 you'd be forced to play athletics sa after school。

You be forced to the academics and get extremely high grades。

You were forced to participate in social functions， parties。

 and go to dinner parties with rich and powerful people I did this in the East Coast from Princeton。

 New Jersey， even had to take classes at Princeton University。

And had a printton ID card even though I was just in high school because I was taking classes there。

 and these are a lot of constructs that are forced upon you to exceed and excel。I appreciate it。

 in fact， it made my work life and my college and university life look easy。

And just because I was a teenager， hed in situations that were India unknown。

 at the same time I'm oftentimes India known and made the experiences I'm experiencing even so recently as the last couple of years are just as powerful。

 just impact just as difficult and challenging。Yet that work hard play hard mentalities would allow me to deal with law of this stuff。

And I continually change my roles and responsibilities for business。

 but I also to do it in my personal life， how I dedicate and delegate my time and continually changes as well。

I think that having that easy ability to switch off your mind and know， well。

The mission requires me to do this， I must do this， I will do this。

 even if you're going to be sacrificing other things。If it is required， be willing to sacrifice。

 be willing to sacrifice everything。If you have a certain goal that you know it need to be accomplished and you really care about it。

 be willing to sacrifice everything。And when I say everything。

 I mean everything that is not part of those conversation crucial elements and essential elements in your life that provides you the basic。

Importance and meaning and power on the people in your life。But if it's just you。

 be willing to sacrifice to things in your life， it doesn't affect the other people that you really。

 really care about to accomplish the goals in your life， and then you will go a long way。

If you're willing to do whatever it takes to accomplish that goal。

 you're more likely to see it and it's very difficult to fail。

That's why a lot of businesses and even government agencies like NASau doubt things like mission is not a failure is not an option。

And I'll hear a lot of catchphrases like the sloganism companies and actually will just adopt them into my life as if there are truisms。

 it must happen。嗯。But it's actually true。A strong personal work focus and action is what feels like freedom。

 it is what freedom is。So adopt that and that freedom will provide you the happiness and resource to get accomplished all your goals。

 and that's how you maintain a basic work of life balance。

