# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：01.业务启动阶段_01. Business Start Up Phases_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Whether you're in a business startup phase or whether you're in a start a phase or developing a So circle because you just move to a new city。

 you want to develop a breath of friends really fast and if you look at our company。

 when we're growing our company， we did the exact same thing。

Back in the day there was a really popular book that came out called Top grading。

 the principle upon the book was that you want only a levell players in your company and there was a super long interview process。

 I think the average interview was like three hours and then you would filter out maybe like 95% of applicants who apply to work for your company and we did what I called antitop grading which is you hire everyone。

Anyone and everyone that would want to get involved in your organization is just that you kind of like dedicate and delegate very small basic things like your job is to go out to the store and bring back a pizza。

 your job is now to go pick up a camera， your job is now to edit a video。

Your job is now to edit the video on a high level。And kind would escalate from there and once you got to those higher level skills。

 we kind of moved you up into payroll。Today we're more of the top creating kind of process。

 not that extreme， more normal， but at the same time we had to develop that process。

The thing is you want to get executives in your company if you have a company that you trust。

 the same thing in your so circle， you want to have coach friends that you could trust。

 people that you can completely invest in， so these are people that no matter what happens。

 whether things go good no bad you will have that friendship first I remember I was watching a movie called Joy in that movie。

 the manager of product placement for the home shopping network。

 told Joy who became a successful millionaire from selling products in the home shopping network。

That no matter what happens if they ever become an adversary in business。

 theyll still have that friendship and that basic premise is something that we always want to have with all your friends almost to the point where even if they betray your trust。

 you still have that friendship there and you could work out a way to recover it back。

 I've even gone so far as having guys who have embezzled money from me and I've been able to forgive them because of that basic friendship I even let them stay with us for a while before terminating our relationship。

 but I think that loyalty to your friends being such a strong core if you have that there and people know that they're going to trust you but you just have to be very careful because once they go to that extreme of losing that trust and you you should cut those people outside of your life。

Also， when you're getting customers and you're in a business。

 you want to focus on getting customers to try your product as soon as possible。

 so when we create our company，We were in New York City。

 we created a program where guys would go out with us the bars and clubs in the daytime。

 New York City， there was a train station called Penn Station where we take guys out to the bars and clubs。

 there was shopping mall nightclubs and we didn't even know what the program curriculum was going to be。

 we kind of just created that that day but we wanted people to sign up for the program because we knew we were talented。

 we create the program really fast and we just did it almost same day and I was just stunned on how Austin the program is。

The same thing goes when you're in a soul circle， you just want to get people into your network as soon as possible。

And just go to it。If you want to stay rich or you want to become rich。

 or if you want to have good credit。Good in social capital， your friends， all these different things。

You've got to do it by developing people more than anything else。

I know that a lot of people will kind of be introverts and there's a lot of people who take tests on whether they're like an introvert or an extrovert。

 what kind of introvert they are， what kind of extrovert they are。

But I've noticed that even if you understand all those different things。

It can still relate late to everyone naturally， I'm not sure if I'm an extroverted introvert because a lot of the times I want to stay at home and just play video games and I'll do that and I'll do that sometimes with my friends or but myself at the same time I'm very comfortable in front of a large group of people in front of the camera。

 I even got married on a reality TV show on a yacht。

I had like 10 cameras following me around for a full week。

I also think that when you're looking to get people that you want to meet。

 whether it's in your soul circle like hot girls， or whether you're in business and you want to meet people that are successful in your industry。

 youve got to seek out those people that are successful in industry or are successful in your soul circle。

When I was first into kind of like just meeting girls and meeting。Picking up girls with other guys。

 I had no idea what I was doing， so I would just contact people on discussion boards that were really good with girls and meet up with them。

I even contacted people that were not in discussion， but was random people who I saw out and said。

 hey man， I'd like to talk to you about picking up girls， let me treat you to lunch。

 let me buy you a drink and just share stories。The same thing went into my industry。

 but I was doing it for people that were in the publishing industry， video publishing， business。

 entrepreneurship， education， and kind of just sharing ideas。

 and these are people who I now share ideas with on a much higher level because now that I'm successful in both my dating life。

 my social life， my business life。I kind of。Have a lot more to contribute。

Now there's a lot of challenges for those guys though who kind of want to build this network and go deep involved。

 like when I first got into it， I was going out and spending all day I'd wake up。

 start studying pickup。I'd go to lunch and while I'm at lunch， I'm studying pickup。

 I would go out into the field during the afternoon and then study more pickup， then I go to dinner。

 go out the bars and clubs and pick up girls and then write field reports at night about what I was doing the same thing happened in business when I went and wanted to create a company and most people shouldn't create companies they should just work for other people but use the same skills of building a business to be entrepreneurial as opposed to being entrepreneurs but using those skills in business I was just going to the extreme。

 I don't recommend that most people do that， but how I did it， I learned something very。

 very important which is。When you're going out every night and those challenges of going out every night exist and those challenges of building a business exists。

 it's very very challenging to relax and finding that time to just get your mind off of things so you get that one- mind focus。

 only to be going to talk about one topic conversation。

 whether it's business or whether it's pickup ironically because when you talk about pickup to girls that doesn't make any sense and you I talking about with other guys when you have guys who are in RSD or so hardcore。

 all I do is they talk about pickup。Owen and I decided three years into the business and taking the business very seriously。

 I always Owen did， I think Owen。He went back to school。

 he was going to Queenss like the Harvard of Canada。And he was listening to professors at the time。

 he was thinking about going to law school， maybe becoming a professor himself and getting involved in academia。

 and I thought about doing the same kind of thing in the past。

And he was listening to how boring those guys were， and he was like。

 you know what I could cope with way more interesting content， way more interesting stories。

 way more interesting tactics to share。And as a result。

 he got involved with going full throttle with goinging the business。

 as opposed to just going on picking up girls about three years into the company。

 whereas in the time， I was more focused on doing it。

And focusing on that business but at the same time when I got involved with RSD。

 it wasn't my goal to grow RSD into a global company in the very beginning I didn't care about anything else but learning how to pick up girls and gain that skill set and making sure to continue and I didn't care about the money I cared about just want a party to continue and do it with my friends I want enough money so me and my friends continue to party together and then it was enough money to continue to get a mansions to get party together in a mansion then want enough money to live this awesome social circle in the mansion have parties afterwards and then it became oh now I had this awesome social circle where having parties all night long and mansions and movie studio in the Hollywood Hills and I want this party to continue and I had to get more money and then I started having people with livelihoods rely on me and so I kind of needed to keep the business going and growing that business but now I'm really happy I did that。

I think a lot of people are concerned about how to get started。

I think all you have to do is find people that have that similar starting point because they're everywhere even on a global scale。

 I mean right now I'm more interested in networking and find people have similar sized businesses for my masterminds but when you first started there's a lot of value。

 not networking to those kind of people because you can't really relate to them I remember meaning people who are really big like the're president of Verizon I was trying to have a conversation with them I couldn't really relate there's no real mutual value exchange I couldn't really learn from them。

When I found somebody who had to accompany even just in a completely different industry。

 doing accounting， I was able to have a way more interesting conversations and connect with them way better just because we had a similar sized company back in the day and toy different widgets。

 but you'll be surprised on how different your life may be or different interests might be。

 but you have that same basic premise。Same thing going when I met with a lot of nerds。

 people who were not interested in picking up girls， but they' are people who are just genuine， cool。

 conversationally interesting in people， just about their nerdy topics。

Yet at the same time there are people who were just very loyal and just were like one on one。

 just one guy just trying to meet on a common bound it were just normal people and that's how I started networking when I was first networking with people。

 I was kind of a geek and nerd myself rolling to academia and I was just networking other nerds and it became nerds that。

You know， had cool nerd friends， then cool girl nerd friends。

 then cool guy friends who wanted to meet the cool nerd girlfriend friends because they were hot and just grew from there。

Now getting similar people to mastermind is surprisingly interesting and easy to do all you have to do is look at where people are doing those things on the internet。

 invite them out live， whether it's through Facebook。

 social media or through student organizations if you're a student and meet up with them。

 or just go to gatherings of other people。People that are already your friends ask and introduce you to new friends。

And most people will want to do that because it's fun， everyone wants to be a matchmaker。

 even if it's just for social purposes， so take advantage of that within your friends and within your family and you won't regret it。

