# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：7个人发展意见_07. Personal Development Opinions【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So what are my opinions on personal development overall？Well， first of all。

 I'm hardcore into formal education， I'm hardcore into the process of continual education and learning so hardcore。

 I would consider every possible kind of long term professional degree from business。School。

 law school and medical school。 I've considered the process of getting PhDs。

 I've considered all this stuff。 And what I've actually done is I've done two MBA programs and now sitting law at Harvard for a master's degree and I'm also looking possibly getting higher level of education through a JD in the future as well。

 I really interested in this because I found that from the formal education process。

 although it fails the law of other people it is aed for me to allow me not necessarily just to learn the content from the textbooks。

 when ideas are brought up in front of me from these textbooks。

 covering such a broad range of topics。😊，Usually inspires my mind to wander and go into opposite directions or other kinds of ideas and formulations that I continue to build on my own。

 whether its structures about corporate governance or a new tour or a new program。

 A lot of these ideas just spawn from having ideas I'm not typically thinking about。

 And so it allows my mind to wander and creatively think。

 it's kind of like my time to relax and reflect on the larger picture and try to innovate。

 And that's why I'm really a big fan of not just the educational process。

 but the process of thinking about how formal education can inspire new ideas。 Plus。

 it's a great way to network。😊，Now I don't have a desire of that。

All seminars and mastermind groups that are out there that can help my company are things that I've learned from and I've attended。

 and so I've actively sought to be a part of all these various groups。

 I believe that being a part of the network of people that have that idea for personal development and view how important it is and your personal education will help you in your business life and personal life。

 So I've personally sought out these organizations mostly re around entrepreneurship。

 Internet marketing， but social clubs， social clubs of guys who are so dedicated to the masterminding of social networking。

You know， naturally just picking up girls。That I've gone involved with these groups， smash my groups。

 do so， it's not like we're sharing tips and tactics like real social dynamics。

But it's a group where you have the guide the same kind of passions and it just happens。

Books can really help and sharpen the mind， I know it helps for Owen。

You know I was years where I didn't read books from the time I graduated from my MBA program to a time where I started doing a master's E studiesud at Harvard。

Yet at the same time， now that I'm actively back in reading， I feel like my mind is so much sharper。

 so much on the ball。And I think that reading really does help。

 although there's many to do with different tools and I feel like I gain a lot more just real world interactions and be able to talk to the actual instructor in person than I do from whether it's watching videos or reading。

I think that's just my learning style and I think other people have a different learning style。

 but for me that's how I learn best。I know T he'll read books all the time so much so that he'll quote books in most of the videos he's been releasing recently and when I'm in board of directors meetings。

 T will quote books that he's read recently and how to help our company and I think that's amazing。

For me， I watched a lot more of Netflix， TV shows， now I'll quote movies and TV shows。

 probably just as much as Tyra quotes books。I think a lot of that has to come though。

 because we learn in different ways and also because I used a lot of dual purposes for watching TV movies I used it as a form of entertainment of my friends and my wife and during that time we're not necessarily just watching we're drinking wine together。

 we're sharing stories orre watching at the same time。

 might be also playing video games simultaneously。And so I'm trying to always multitask。

 I guess naturally I'll multitask because I like the idea of being able to do things at the same time。

 like when I'm playing golf， I might be doing conference calls with my assistant。

 I might be on a technology call and I'm doing swings off the tee with a driver。

I've always found that maximizing your time with multiple skills is a great way to fulfill my time and leverage my time。

On the other hand， I think personal development happens very naturally also just by having a great so circle of long term friends and family because those are the most valuable assets in the beforefo you。

In terms of the investments I have， I view them as the most important growing assets that will appreciate most over time as these are things that will influence decisions in my life。

 finding me with the safety and resources I need for personal development and the thing is about people is that unlike investment that you have no control over these are personal assets that will improve。

I know that my family， my friends， they're always improving people who also are interested in continue education and as they improve and their knowledge improves。

 so are the people who are around me， so it's like having an investment but it's an investment of people that are just becoming better people。

 just like how Tower is becoming a better person， he's always on the next level I was just telling you the other day that he's on a whole new level。

It's great having people like that around you always believe that you can do it even。

If you think you might not， because if you believe more that those things that are impossible and you think there's no way I could do it。

 but you try and you just pride yourself and you accomplish it anyway。嗯。

I think that's when you actually grow。 There's been a lot of times when I first got involved with pickup where I'd approached a beautiful girl and I was like。

 there was no way that this is going to secede， but I'll try to do it。

 but don't know if I can do it and it actually works out。

Same thing happens in business and every aspect of your life。 So if you think you can't do it。

I think you should still try if it's something that you want if you believe that you can do it。

 if you believe anything is possible， you be surprised how often it does work out and when it doesn't work out。

 you might be surprised how close you came to it actually working out and then you try again。

 it does work out and that's where true growth happens。Everyone has that value。

The power to make the impossible happen because the impossible usually isn't impossible。

 usually the impossible is a figment。Usually the possibilities of the impossible。Exist， they're real。

 you could actually make almost anything happen。And I like that framework and deeply in my mind。

 and as a result， I study personal improvement because I believe that almost everything is a skill set。

I believe that there is nothing out there that is too difficult。

 that can't be accomplished if you're going to put the time into the process of mastery。

And I believe deeply in that process， the process of mastery is very detailed and written out in the book called Mastery by George Leonard。

 It was a book that talks about how mastery is like a broken staircase where you might grow and you might get assesses and then you kind of go down a bit in terms of skillet and you go and then you keep going at it。

 and then some of you hit a new plateau a higher plateau and it keeps going up and up and up。

And that's something that people will be surprised about because some people will just view it as like this jagged cliff where。

You might just be at a skill set and then suddenly you just drop down lower and you don't know why and it's because that process of mastery is a slu sluggage looking curve。

 but in the long run you put in the time you will get assessed。

 you will get you know more assessed than you had in the past if you put in the time in the long run overall like an investment that is kind of fickle but over time if you just stay to it as opposed to pulling out early。

 you will get that longter financial gain， you will get that longterm personal gain over mastery when you do that when you stick it out。

Now， if you surround yourself with people who。Have that same value and are offering that same attitude。

 You are also more likely to succeed together。 That's why it's always better to have a mastermind。

 people that have that same similar mindset。 So I always surround myself in some some kind of structure。

 some kind of mastermind from your personal success or in business success because even when you're failing the biggest and greatest security that you could have in terms of a safety net Its just having these people that have this kind of level of success。

 personal success， it's kind of mastermind around you because they'll have your back。

And that's why it's so important also to cut out the leeches because the people that are mostly draining on your resources on your time。

 you cut them out and you're going to have an overall more powerful network。

 you were constantly told by gurus who are successful that you were the average and the five people you would hang around most。

 the average of their financial success their wealth。

 their personal success and their attitude in terms of abilities to push things forward。嗯。

People will say that continually at the same time， you also cant be that star that shines above and leads everyone else's success so that everyone else rises because people naturally emnuate the people around them。

 That's why I think it's so important to surround yourself with optimists。

 not pessimists and that's their optimists in disguise。 and its your job to inspire them。

 for example， in your family like sometimes you just get down on themselves yet they know they have that inner belief and sometimes you just have a temporary period of time where they' just not who they really are deep down inside and you need to recognize the difference between those kind of people and those people that are not the kind of people that will contribute to your personal development goals。

