# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：09.领导力_09. Leadership【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

You can almost never take enough courses on leadership because leadership styles。

Are things that are always discussed in pretty much any kind of business and probably the biggest reason why is because you get so locked into your business。

And that you want to lead a certain way that you forget about all the different ways that you can lead。

The way that I like to lead is a lead by example。For people that are doing a particular job within the 10 units of business administration of our company。

 Ive personally done every single job in the company and I believe I've done it very well。

 and I know that I can step into any one of those roles and do it well again So I want to lead by example when I'm in a situation where I'm taking on the role of teaching。

 for example， I want to work hard， show that hard work ethic and show I could accomplish things fast。

 quickly， effectively， efficiently and with a great level of pride in what I'm doing I'll do the same thing in whether I'm in sales。

 finance or anything else。 at the same time， we can't accomplish anything without the help of others in a major。

 major way。What I mean by that is， of course， you can accomplish a lot of things yourself。

 but by having a team around you， having a people that could help you will leverage your time so that you could do much。

 much more So learning how to delegate and giving up those things that can fail when you give it to the wrong person。

😊，Or if they aren't trained properly to do it。Is a process that you need to learn。

And leadership which are in any kind of organization。You need to be able to train to people。

 let them fail， train them again。Let them secede。I think that another kind of leadership that I heard a lot discuss was from the Air Force。

 which is that you do it。And you figure what it is。Then others will do it。

I think that it's a very common practice for you to create what they call continuity manuals。

Which is an organizational process by which you get really good at matchinging a particular role in an organization。

And then you write all the basic things and advanced things that you think that are sophisticated and you write it out and there's nothing that is so complex that can't be turned into words。

It just doesn't happen。Unless's like being。No， I was going to say it's like being to sign print where Prince changed name to it assembled the musician prints。

 but then you could just describe what that thing looks like it might take a long time。

 but it's still possible。And then giving that continuity manual to somebody else and allowing them to understand what it is。

 of course you can't just read a manual， usually just immediately do it。

 so that leads you to the next step， which is the leadership of mentoring and guiding somebody to accomplish their goal。

YouMa accomplish the query of expectations and manuals but created tons of manuals for every position in this company。

 and I've given it。😊，Most of the people in this company who work for this company for the first five years。

And I would say most of those people don't remember 90% of what I wrote in those manuals。

 We've upgraded a lot of our training manuals and we'll even give clients manuals。 for example。

 if you take a boot camp， you might get a bootcamp tactical manual if you take a Vegas immersion program。

 you might get a Vegas immersion orientation guide manual。

And these things may help put some cardiovascular patients。

 but it shouldn't be relied upon that people are just going to read these things that you create。

Instead we know everything that you want them to know， so youve got to be that guide。

 you got to lead people。It's always a process that you'll see in any kind of leadership。

 I know that even in my family， my parents， I would be told to do something and told three different ways to do something and how to do that exact same thing because it's a constant repetition if you watch a seminar speaker like Tony Robbins。

He'll say the same thing1，2， three times or more before moving on to the next topic。

 just saying it in different ways so that you're continually there because the human mind will more likely remember things when they've heard it more than one time and then by doing it again and again。

 it'll become a rot or routine。That they're able to do with those responses that they build。

 it's kind of like riding a bike。And that will happen when pretty much any kind of thing。

But do you need to need to leave room for those learning lessons？

Don't make it so that you're micromanaging as a leader so much。That there is no room to grow。

 there is no room for failure。Because if you don't， if you do that forever。

 it's just going to be suffocating and it's also going to be removing that feeling of freedom and most people want that feeling of freedom。

 that feeling of free will， that feeling of choice。

 and that feeling that they could accomplish something so it's not like they're forced to accomplish something。

 but they actually accomplish something。That thing does work out lots in those situations where you must have to success and you kind of break the whip and you're micromanaging everything and you know that you know exactly how to do it。

And sometimes it is important for you to do that。Know that there's times and places for you to do that。

 but if it's possible for you to let go and relax。You should do that as well because then you're growing as a team with objectives。

As to kind of like growing a team where you have your objectives and it's not like team objectives。

 you only have your individual objectives。So it depends on how you want to run your team if you want to run it more militaristic。

Or if you want to run it without positional leadership。

 which is going to be a more powerful situation， a powerful situation is a situation where you have each team member empowered to accomplish anything。

😊，And I think that's a lot smarter。Now there's a lot of people who talk about how goals， suspenses。

 objectives should ideally be smart and there's an acronym for SMART， I believe it's specific。

 measurable， action oriented and results tracking and timely。And if you could use。

Goals that have each of those elements， then you will have more fluid amounts of success and more time。

At the same time， you need to be very flexible because sometimes these goals because I prefer goals that are not so static and so specific sometimes because I think specific goals are great。

 but I like goals that have also another element， which is the ability to be completely flexible and change and de to completely different at any moment's notice。

Many times we'll have a goal and then one thing happens out of that field and that goal has to change and although when you have emotional investment in the success of a goal。

 if suddenly you're told that goal just can't happen。

 you need to have this other goal which will be better than that goal it's frustrating for me。

 it really， really irks me and it's really， really difficult but I have to listen and I have to change my mind I'm willing to do that。

Even if sometimes I'm interacting with my staff and now Ill get really frustrated like， no。

 we can't do this。 I'll be saying that。 And while I'm saying that， I'll be thinking。Well。

 maybe we can do this， but I have to have also an opinion you should always have an opinion about what your mind is。

 but。嗯。When you're trying to decide where you're going to bend on issues。

Don't bend on issues you know will fail。Know from field experience， what will succeedede。

 what can seee， but you need to have a line where there is certain things that if you are saying no。

 you're saying no because it's not one of those issues where it can't change。

 but noting that it will fail for sure。Most of the time， though， when you're hearing an issue。

 it isn't that it's like you might not have heard or fully understood or appreciate the opinion of the other person。

 like you need to really listen to all their ideas and then really think outside the box for a bit if you still are in strongestment。

One of the best people doing that is Tyler and his leadership style。

But you need to also explain why you believe what you believe。

 your team will listen if they truly believe that you are having intersecting interests and that you have a mutual goal that is going to be mutually accomplished with the merittraratic incentive that you both have together so that you guys will not have criscrossing goals and criscrossing belief systems。

I'll sit in board meetings with Tyler and I'll have an instructor come to me and he'll talk to me about something and I will say。

's。In idea。 I just don't think we could do that。 and then Tro go， well wait a second。

 let's listen to all the reasons why this guy wants to do that particular thing。

And then he'll say it and he'll get okay， cool now here's what I believe or reasons why Nick doesn't want that。

 Nick you can tell me if I'm right or wrong and he'll express his opinion about why he thinks that both of us might have a slightly different opinion about different things and come with it even a third alternative。

But because he's listening and because he's seeking out very deeply to understand what other people are saying before。

 he says his thing， and hell take consideration deeply what we're all saying。

It'll lead to a much more happier solution and everyone will have confidence that they were listened to。

 so regardless about whether we get what exactly we want。

We're overall not going to be frustrated that we weren't heard。

We're in a situation where if people are not happy with what they're getting within an organization。

 they could leave the organization， and if they wanted to do that。

 they'll be missing out all sorts of cool opportunities and we'll miss out on the opportunities of working with them。

And that's why we want to make sure also that the leadership is from a standpoint that the goals。

 the benefits of being part of the team and following the leadership that we've created is going to be in the best interest serve everyone and only when you could do that and have that stick and carrot in the right place。

And at least try to have that secondcur in a better place than it previously was the day before and continually optimize that process。

Only by doing that will you had the most effective formal leadership within your organization。

