# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第10周-RSD Ozzie（恐惧科技）_Week 10 - RSD Ozzie (Fear Technology)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The guys who were here with Aussie for RC Foers Club interview， we're in my backyard in Las Vegas。

 Aussie is one of my favorite people to teach boot camps with。😊。

We used to do boot camps together in London and he was going to introduce me to the concept of mission impossible an exercise that I ended up teaching all around the world at the RSC free tour events It was a program where we actually took guys into the field and did those things that not necessarily impossible with those things that people think are impossible or pushing your limits and he's somebody who I think has a really good understanding of the mindsets of fear technology technology that allows you to overcome your greatest fears。

 push through your boundaries and take your success to the next level so let's talk a little bit about fear technology it's funny that you mentioned those thrills because I think it was the beginning of fear technology like almost like you and me we kind of like。

I told you about those drills and then you run away with them and you changed them and you did something a little bit different。

And then you came back to me。And I think I saw you on a free tour sending guys out with a mission。

 Yeah， And then the guys came back after the mission with phone numbers and and dates and so forth。

 And I was， I was totally impressed with that。 That's cool。 And then I changed my own program。

To reflect what you were doing， how did you change the program？Like my program was like 50，50 theory。

 you know like 50 I was playing and then 50% doing and then I went to almost 9010 okay because I saw you doing that stuff without preparing guys too much which is part of what I do I don't I don't prepare me too much and I give him a mission。

Something to do and sometimes that works 10 times better than explaining too much。Yeah。

 I remember on your boot camps， we had some very unusual missions and also yeah in your book for physical game the physical game I think it's physical gamemebook。

com yeah physicalgamebook。com it is a great book if it's full of all sorts of assignments。

 mission impossible exercises。Could you give us a teaser of some of those Yeah， some of that。

 for example， you can try。I give an example of mission impossible。

 I gave you like a crazy opener okay that doesn't work and you have to make it work， you know。

 and if I am in London， for example， London is like if you give a mission impossible inside the tube station。

Guys freak out because in London nobody talks in the tube， everybody's very serious， nobody talks。

 people think it's impossible to put it there so that's exactly the place that I choose to mission impossible and it's usually those long scalators again like an opener doesn't work。

That creates problems for them and they have to survive。

 this what's called surviving a crappy opener， they have to survive all the way up。

It's a really uncomfortable talk and sometimes the girls are in the oppositecalator so they have to go talking all their way up while the girl is in the opposite salator。

 so everybody's here in this conversation。So that creates a lot of fear。And of course。

 what I noticed in the technology， the higher difficulty level is。Better this kill。

The more you improved what I liked about fear technology was that it wasn't。

Just about any kind of particular scenario like it wasn't just a thing that could give you the confidence or pickup it was those things that gave you the confidence that you could do things in social situations that could be considered embarrassing and get away with the shame。

 get away with the rejection and actually just learn from or have fun with it I think it's a process that most people need to have for any kind of social experimentation or any kind of conversational In fact people when they do my program they say that they're social situations now they're so much you know they're so much more comfortable because they've done something 10 times worse。

You know， like like approaching a girl with their hands on their head， right， or their shirt。

Front side backwards and， you know， I make them approach like that。

 So I increase the intensity of the approach。 And then when they go back to a lot normal life。

 everything looks easier。Soal situation look less threatening but you've been doing this for a very long time。

 how has things changed over time on how you teach fear I mean the basic is always the same you know the basic is always to try to amplify fear。

 make it stronger in a social situation so so that we work with those symptoms of fear so that they get stronger and stronger and then when they go back to normal situations then it looks easy。

Now， if you didn't do that beforehand， that social situation would still look difficult。

How did you notice that these things work？Outside of just what what you well your guys。

 you know it's amazing because when guys finish a boot camp。

 you keep in touch with them and they tell you， well， you know， I changed my job you know。

Or they ask you should I change my job like， I'm not， I don't know。 this is your life， you know。

 but all of a sudden they have confidence to do things they couldn't do before。

 I've seen guys quit their jobs and go on a world tour。I've seen guys。

It changed the leg in so many different ways after a boot camp because they're not afraid anymore of the consequences of their actions。

Yeah， before they were like in this social matrix where they were like， you know， okay。

 my job it's my job I cannot do this I of that so when they leave the program and they sometimes they just go on a world tour。

 quit their jobs， starting your business， for example， you know， you into the business stuff。

 some of them quit their job and start a business because now they have the confidence。

That they like before， that's very common。Well， I remember I had my brother in law on the program。

 I threw him down to London。And he was really interested in creating a comic book company because he was inspired by the program he did with you because he believed that he could overcome a lot of ways he put a website for。

 but he ended up instead just getting a new job there you go he was struggling Adam yeah。

But it given him the confidence to go into more management。You know。

 in my program he had to go through all these drills and it was challenging for him。

 I remember sometimes he was really agitated， you know， anxiety wise， social anxiety。

 very much through the roof， but I think towards the end， he started getting it。

This is why we do it it's part of the bootche to understand why we do these things， you know。

 understanding that it's not something crazy that we're doing。

 it's just something we do it for a reason。To be able to overcome those symptoms of fear，Well。

 what is the things that you think are the common traits that people have that they need to overcome？

One of the common things that happens over and over during every good camp is that you see the power of fear and how it can transform into excitement。

And once people start getting that formula because theater and excitement， they flip flaw。

So if you're afraid of something at the， its chance that you are excited about it。

So you're afraid of approaching that girl。And you do approach her or you're afraid of a big group。

Of girls and guys and you approach them and you survived there。

And it has the power to change it that we into excitement。

 so youre get excited now I think that fear and excitement come from the same chemical inside of you part the same part of the body。

 they'll come from sometimes yeah， you get to fill them here and the solar plexus all the way down。

Or I would say， hot racing。Or tied back， so I made my students feel their symptoms in those areas。

Even before an approach I holding him back， it's okay， where do you feel your fear？

I don't know the approach right away It's something that I do that most people don't do like most people go straight into it and said。

 I grab my students back and say， okay feel the fear。

 you know what part of your body is feeling that and then they're able to transform that。 Yeah。

 I think the biggest value of fear technologies is you're able to transform those symptoms of fear that paralyze you。

Into excitement。But the other aspect， I think， of fear is how people's body language affect them also。

 And I know you'd go a lot into say physical game。 did you talk a little bit about your beliefs Yeah。

 you know what I mean， I had a guy last week and in London。

 I was in London last week and it was teaching and had this guy so tight。 You know。

 he was really excited。 but his body was entirely tight。And。

He couldn't do a physical game that way because， you know the girls。

 as soon as he grabbed them on touch， I mean， they could feel that tension。

We're not pushing right away， but they would feel that tension they kind of like werere not really into it。

So I had to work slowly with him with get rid of those symptoms of fear so that physical gain can start working。

Otherwisewise people can feel that tension and I would say you know。

 I would say you project whatever you feel inside your body， you project it onto people。

 if you're feeling fear， you haven't dealt with a symptoms。

 those symptoms get projected onto the people you're talking to， or if you do physical game。

 which is a very physical touch and contact， women can actually feel it。

Even men can feel it when you approach a group of people that have men and women when you shake their hand or high five and they can feel that tension coming out of your body。

So it's very important that we work on those symptoms and transforming them。

Before we become successful at personal small physical game， Yeah， I gotcha。

And I guess a lot of the other things that you were talking about terms like physical game was also based on the dance floor。

Yeah， absolutely man I mean， I my programs are done on the dance floor entirely。

 you go Yeah I like I call them dance floor programs is we go to the dance floor and that's it。

But I remember you do actually love other things like you're going when I go to your programs in London。

 you're in the tube。 you're in the streets in the shopping mall in Le Square。 Yes。

 Yeah I'm about yeah， in the dance floor is when we are in the club。

 but I bring fair technology outside on the street。

 and we do exactly the same challenging drills on the street。

 and we we have a drill where it's funny because we have a drill where we stand in the street like this one the like starfish position。

😊，And then， for example， last week I did that in London。Girls coming towards my students like that。

 Some of them stopped， Talk to you and。Might just get phone numbers out of those girls。 Yeah。

 and I also remember doing the weirdest things， right。

 I remember that exercise very well because I implemented a lot that my own boot camp。 You know。

 a lot of my boot camp was moed after some of those things I found most fascinating about yours。

 another one was about how you had a congruence test with the。😊，With the box of crayons Yeah。

 remember those。 Yeah， Did you still that Yeah， on and off on and off， I， I feel like I need it， so。

Those congruent tests work。Based on fear again。 So you have your social side and you have your real side。

 the real use。 So I make my throw those two sides of them。

And then what we try to do on the boot campm is try to your social side。

Has to be congruent with your inward side， who you are inside of you。

 so and we can we try to do is to merge those two。Make you more congruent。

And the way to do that is to bring your inner self who you are inside into your social。

Yeah makes those two。That makes sense。So right now。

 what is most of your passion coming from what is what is the mindset of Aussie the RSD instructor Yeah。

 you know what I mean I love work you know I do boot camps that's my thing in ID I run boot camps every weekend。

What I get the most out of bootca is for me is that transformation that they get in three days。

It's going through three days and see people。become different people， you know。

 or become their real selves， who they really are in three days， you know。

 getting rid of those things that are stopping them。

And becoming so much more comfortable in social situations。 Yeah。

 I love the process of seeing people not just realize through epiphanies， what's going on。

 It just the process of seeing them thinking outside the box more and more like they go。

 if I could do this and I could do this created energys inspiring you get that at the end when they see。

Because they see more possibilities in this area of dating。

 they start seeing more possibilities in other areas。

So and the people that are started asking me can I use field technology knowledge in my job and like yeah。

 he can in your job， can I use field technology in my business， yeah， because it' is the same system。

 all we do is challenge you。And you can use those same。

Those same principles I use in my bootcam to challenge yourself a new job， you know。And they said。

 well， how do I do it， and I said， well。Maybe find a more challenging project that scares you。

Maybe if you're in a business， how you own a business， maybe you know。

 launch a product that you were thinking about， but you were too afraid to do。

 and now you can use those symptoms of fear。and transforming into into something proactive that was stopping you before to see you create your technology product as well know it's in the works it be cool you've spent so many years developing things over time so I'm looking forward to seeing more of what you talk about because you always seem to build off of things and new things to talk about in terms of this at the RS World Smit or RSC Winter Smit that's really when I get to catch up with you most of the time you witness all my process because you know you see me working on my program you see me in the different summits So you see all my program revolves。

Year after year， one thing that I never stopped doing。Was developing my program。

 know this is one of the basic things that when I started RD。

 said we always said instructors how to develop their program。

 Yeah and we worked on that and I never stopped know I never stopped developing my own program。

 So I keep adding things， adding things over the years。

 you know like right now it's like a soup know， I call it the soup my experience get is years and years of boiling that soup what they get is is you know the juice how do you noticed that you're socializing has changed from being in your 20s and 30s and 40s like hows that changed tremendously over time you know。

And the biggest change came after I started in the game。And also。

Then knowledge change came when I became an instructor， I became。

It's almost like a fearless that thinks that would stop people me in the past would not stop you anymore。

 you know， like taking more challenges， more risks in social situations。And but to be honest。

 the changes come to me from I get inspired by people， and of my students， how I see them change。

And then I changed to thiss one of the things about。

That's why I'm passionate about bootcoms because with people changing around you。

 you cannot afford but change to and it's great， you know。

 something happens in those three days yeah。Yeah， I've definitely seen that happen。

 remember some of the craziest guys。That seemed really introverted。 But when they really let go。

 they have this like wild side。 on the first day they， you know， they tell you， okay。

 what are you scared of， I'm scared of this or that and that I'm scared of a girl telling me to fuck off。

 I scared of a jealous boyfriend。Fucking with me or getting into a fight。

 And then by the third day or by the even the second day， you you start stealing girls from guys and。

You know， you see to do things that they thought it weren't impossible， you know， they go beyond。

 like you said， thinking outside the box， they go beyond what they all thought was possible。

And another thing I was thinking about was the relationships not just between like girls and guys。

 but also your other fear came from a lot of guys who are afraid of interacting with guys。

 just like it was like big guys， small guys is like yeah。

 that instead of the guys director physical presence Yeah one of my drillers is go up to a big guy and own him。

So little I send a little guy to a big set， not only girl， hot girls， guys there。

 but there he's an big guy who's a sent to the group。

 so there's a go on that guy and then own the group and then you go to the girls。

And many guys are terrified。 Like the first day they like， I don't want to get into a fight。

I don't want guys fucking with me they're afraid of that and then at the end they start doing things like that。

So the fear is gone。And they owned the guys， and they don't care。Yeah。

 it's interesting and the fear becomes excitement and see that thats the transformation we were looking for because fear is I know this is an energy and that energy can be transformed。

Yeah， if you work with it， you know， you have to work with it。

But what are some of your beliefs about spirituality or belief systems that you think have really important values to you？

Yeah， I believe in integrity， you know， one of my things is。You know what。

People talk about being fake， you know， fake confidence。 I don't believe in that。

 I believe in true confidence。And then that's part of my of the integrity that I'm talking about。

 so I think it's impossible to fake it。You have to go earn it。

 so that's part of the integrity either that one of my central values integrity the un honestty and。

I don't think you have to lie。 You know， I I tell my not to lie ever。Don't tell a story， you know。

 don't even lie about why don't even tell them why you're approaching them。 That's irrelevant。

And the thing about being an integrity is that。It makes you stronger。Because it。

 his confidence earnedt。It's not confidence fake， so when you do all these crazy drills that I ask them to do on bootcam。

 they start earning confidence。And they get hooked on it。And they realize that。

They can actually own confidence。 that They can earn it。Doesn't have to be fake。

 they don't have to go and fakeake that they're happy or they have to go there and fake that they're the party guy。

 they can actually go there。Earn confidence in a difficult set， in a difficult scenario。

 and then enjoy， enjoy that buzz that they get out of doing something difficult。

What are those things that you think inspire like real fear that inspire fear in you Well， yeah。

 you know， it's difficult for me to feel any fear。 so I produce it。And that's my advice to people。

 I work with fear and if I don't have it。You' always can have a little there。

But if you want to really operate with fear， you have to produce it。

 So I look at a group of people or I said or a guy making out with a girl and I go in and before I go in。

 I just look at them and I figure 1000。I don't know， 200 ways why it's not going to work。

And then I go and I make it work。So that's how you work with fear。Yeah。

 that's true social experimentation as a laboratory。

 That's why we' just really just trying to see what's going happen there anyway which times I tell my guys。

 look， that guy's gonna kick your eyes， you know， I tell them everything because I do the opposite of。

😊，What people normally do。 So I will tell my students how things are not going to work for them。

 And sometimes I they start laughing because it's so ridiculous。They。

 they they have earned so much confidence now that when I tell them， look。

 this said's going to go bad。 this girl's going tell the fuck off。 They started laughing。

 We just they。It's no way， you know， they earn a lot of confidence by then and then there's no way that's not going to work。

How do you view that your life has changed from all the experiences of world travel， Oh my God。

 I mean， I've been all over。 I think the only country country I' ever been to is Africa。t， yeah。嗯。

I think we've done South Africa。 Yeah， we've done Cape Town and we've done Johannesburg。

 but we've also done。Programs， what's funny about it It's like I， I visit this for 10 years。

 I've been traveling all over the world coaching， and I visit the same cities over and over and over。

 you know， all over the world。 And so it's almost like。😊，It's like， my home。See， I come to Vegas。

 It's like， I know exactly where everything is。' been here many times you have me so many times。

 so I go to a stockhol I know exactly where everything is。

So it's interesting that that process because there was like。I don't even have to look。At a map。

 I just look at the hotel and I go through Google map I see a couple of pictures。

 And I know exactly where it is。 It's interesting。 So any city in the world。

 because I've been there so many times， it's almost like， I can， you know。

 I can go there with my eyes closed。 you know what mean it's like。

 I'm sure YouTube is you've been all over the place。 You know， for many years， you've been traveling。

 So for the same。 So we know the cities， we know exactly where to stay， where not to stay。

 where to go， the best clubs。 And it's almost like。😊，Its so familiar， you know， to me。

 It's changed me in that sense。 where travels allow me to also get a more conversational set。

 Like I used to be people just talk to me about traveling to random cities around Europe。

 I wouldn't really understand how to relate to them。 Now。

 I could have a conversational skill set talking about more people develop those commonalities I feel like a lot of relationships are built upon that。

 Yeah， also you realize that everywhere in the world people are the same like 90%。 And people say。

 what's the best place to pick up girls， I's always get this question。

 Like how do you pick up girls in this。 Yeah， and this kind I you like after I'm programs in middle the least And I tell you human behavior is so predictable。

You know， everywhere you go， people are afraid of the same things and everywhere I go up people are my students are afraid of the same four to five things。

 you know， getting a fight with a guy， get rejected by hot girl， afraid of public humiliation。

 you know it's all the same four or five things everywhere in the world so you realize that you know。

 people are very， very similar no matter what the culture is。Every you go。

Behavior behavior that was a very interesting question when I got people asking me about culture because I'm thinking。

 you know this stuff works all the place， I know that culture really affects identity of a lot of people you know like but I think that in terms of like socializing。

 especially in terms of the dating life so much of it's the same it's about conveying energy have you So it's like one' it's like a creepy weird guy is the same in culture and a social fun exciting guy is the same in culture。

Yeah， I think almost like the same communication happens no matter if you are in the Middle East or you are in Europe or you are in I don't know。

 Asia， it's the same everywhere。Well， tell me about what your dating life is like now I I thought you know。

 it's like you get to a point where you want girlfriend， you know。

 I know you're married and you have your wife and most instructors at some point that get girlfriends。

 So it's mostly you know what I mean， like we've done everything after you've done all this crazy dating life that we have at the beginning。

You kind of look for stability after a while and that's what I teach also my students， you know。

 get a couple of years of really good data and experience， you know。

 do whatever you want to do or three years and then when you're really bored with it。

 you know when you don't want any more sex anymore you guess too much then get a go from because then you have choice。

And you know， the person you want in your life， you know。

 and you can actually take the time to think， you know， this person is not going to make me happy。

 So I I'm not going to even try a relationship with this person。And commonalities， you know。

Like you know I like salsa dancing and dance a lot。

 so you still do that yeah I still do that so most of my girlfriends usually come from Southsa dancing and like they are they usually like the same things that I do so。

It's fun， let's look at some commonalities。And I think this is my advice to most people。

First you get all this dating experience， you get rid of your fears。

 you experience so many dating situations with different women。

And only then when you have all that experience under your belt， then go for， you know。

 the girlfriendin you want， because by that time， you know who you want or what you don't want。Yeah。

 it's interesting that you' mentioned other dating lives and other RC instructors because it's kind of a unique experience to be an RC instructor and a dating life。

Of an RD instructor is something that I think entreates a lot of people， because。

You're traveling from city to city and you're interacting with so many girls and so that I tell you this is very difficult to it's very difficult to stay with one girlfriend。

 it's very difficult， you have to really work at it。Yeah。

 because you have temptation all over the place and unless you work out an arrangement like。

 you know， we're going to be exclusive or not， that has to be very clear。

You know what I mean and she should know what you do for a living and she should be okay with it。

Yeah。Well， I think the thing about's interesting about your job is that it's also very fluid。

 you know it's continually changes， it's not like every weekend is not like the're same where you just pick up your laptop computer and you type and you're just making the same kind of calls。

 it's like totallyy unique experiences because the people that you meet。

It's like it's a new adventure every single time。 I was wondering like what are some of the most interesting stories that you might have experienced in the last month or two that might pop up like there's always something new that happens。

I mean， from clients， there's always different stories， you know。

I can tell about a client I had recently who was blind because he was half blind。

Like he couldn't see out of one eye and inside the club he couldn't see at allow。So， wow， you know。

 we had all those guys， you know， I had guys on wheelchair。 I had guys。 I've had that。

 I had guys with cancer on pro probably I't if you had those， I might have I， I wouldn't know。 I did。

 I did have a student that was over 90 years old。 I had all the guys to this guy was interesting because he was half blind and。

He was falling all over the place like the club you walk and fall how to grab them。

 And then when I was starting to approach， I had to grab him。I'm walking to the girls。And say。

 oh this is the girls I want you to approach I mean because you wouldn't able to see them and until they were really out close。

 you weren't able to see them， so I had to actually grab them literally and take them to the girls。

Well， I better we have to do that sometimes with the shy guys too yeah we have to do shy guys but with the blind eyes because he couldn't see them he was very excited about the program。

 amazing because these guys that are somehow handicapped。

 they are so excited about the program because they understand fear technology so well in their lives because they have to overcome fear and they have to overcome challenges in their real life。

That when you take them with you。When they see fear knowledge sort of our challenges。

 they understand them perfectly， I don't have to explain most of stuff because they really get it。

I also remember needs to do executive retreats all the time Oh super fun I remember that retreat in Greece where we got a stranded in an island。

Oh that'sgetable we were so。We're so shocked were in this This is not just a normal island。

 This is an island where they took us to these caves and they remember like here's your bed like a stone like a stone and he was so ridiculous that we started laughing because he was were laughing because we were desperate it's and then I remember we said when iss the next taxi you know taxi boat to leave that was the next day Yeah I remember that we had a tour guy It was like a 65 year old woman and I was a 25 year old guy right and I was like so how are you gonna to get the nightlife。

 It's like a boat ticket there and she's like no you just hang out with me all night I don't know you're getting on the phone calling 200 people and it's like and I remember you're saying executive decision we're not staying here you grabbed that phone and got us。

IAnother that island we got to that island there was no hotel inside it was I don't remember it was it was holiday season so everything was book but we went to the I remember you walking around to every hotel do you remember how I got the hotel？

I don't know because this is how I got the hotel。So you went to Mykonos and you met a girl that was working at the front desk。

 you hooked up with her， yeah， I didn't remember themt remember， right？

And I remember I was walking with her later on。 and I said， yeah， Ausie and I are gonna go to Eosns。

 goes oh， my best friend Teresa or something like that。

 She works at a hotel there than Eos P there you So I went to Eo's palace and I said hey' Teresa or whatever sent me there。

 And then I said， yeah， you're a friend for Mykonos mentioned her name。

 She said that you'd be able to hook us up Yeah actually hooked hooked this up that was the nicest suites in the hotel for super cheap because' like there's like these awesome suites and gorgeous pools like were like in paradise then we went on the street we'd hold the baggage because we couldn't get anything。

 you got us this hotel and was like how do you do this。

 because you hooked up with that girl and then I remember。😊。

had my passion came out of was this passion for spaghetti bolognese because it was Italian that came out to Greece and cooked the most amazing pasta and now even today one of my favorite items spaghetti bolognese。

 my wife fortunately is a very good cook of spaghetti bolognese so we're lucky there but we've been talking with as a team with the tower and everyone about how we might want to we up all these executive could treat together oh my God I was so fun。

That's the most fun I ever had honestly， and I had so much fun on a holiday。

 short retreats because at the time we were like a small crew remember we were kind of really small。

And it's almost like we were doing all the jobs ourselves， a couple of jobs。

 remember you were in charge of traveling and you were in charge of everything， actually。

 whenever I needed something， I went to you because you were in charge of everything at the beginning of the business。

And it was so much fun to have all the guys there and just go out and have fun。

 Yeah it's interesting how the company has evolved so much from like the small company where yeah like I was doing the travel。

 I was also doing sales， everything else。 you were doing everything you were doing the sales you were doing the travel and you were doing the website development was doing the you had all the jobs I't remember the whole staff of the company was like three guys was was to Lewis actually was Lewis was being hired at the time Steart Lewis was my intern at the time I know and you think of him now like go he's been with us for so long right and I did an interview with him for R Mashmin and I don't remember at the time you were doing all the jobs I don't know how you fucking hit that I mean it was so many things you had to do I think it's amazing。

The thing is probably a camaraderie and also gives me a chance of went game together。 You know。

 I was thinking that if we did this we could get also we had lunch breakfast lunch and dinner together。

 Yeah know we did everything together was to do this also we did everything together breakfast。

 lunch dinner together and because it was us Yeah that's it we had nobody else。

 we had to do all the jobs ourselves。 its really good。

 It was really good Yeah the whole company would be put hold for like 10 days or Yeah was on hold。

 we nothing for three days。 It was so much fun but also I remember those days in Greece where。😊。

One of the things that really impressed me about you was the fact that we went through so many troubles on that retreat that's part of the fun too。

 you know， all these challenges we had with that tour guide so in all the wrong place we were always booked wrong It's funny how we could laugh about things like we can laugh about it now but I saw you always like okay now this is not happening I'm gonna do this you changing things like that Yeah we have obviously instructors got about Yeah a cave and at one point where all the laage were sleeping on the street because we couldn't find a hotel the thing was booked up and you went out there I don't you going by hotel trying to find a room I remember that and actually did you actually got the money back from that tour guide I don't remember I I remember you go into the office I remember we did that we follow you around around Athens you went to every office I think you got your。

I'm not going to leave here until I get my money back I do the horrible job honestly the worst job ever。

It it's funny like how little things like that， even though it cause so much problems。

 good good comes out of it。 You never know， know， we had much fun。 weren but it was fun。

 It was fun to to go。 I mean， we're laughing all the time。 I've been back， you know， solo， too。😊。

Toko， I also been with my you me about that。 Yeah， I mean。

 I had to go back just because the memories from that trip were so strong。 Oh my go， it's amazing。

 Mikonoa， it was。😊，Sardinia also yeah， it was did Sardinia for the Italy trip。

 we went to Porto Cva for the billionaires Club Yeah I remember the club Oh my god wow。

Lots of models and millionaire guys， big tables but at the Greece Ri was the best I think I think you took us to all the major islands there yeah I'd let to do something like that again Tower and I've been talking about doing something for like maybe Sun festival Mardiarchs in America。

But I like the international thing。It's it's gonna to take place over time。

 though I'll work on something， but it's hard for us to get us together in one point now because everybody's traveling。

 We try to do it in Hawaii it's like a hiking thing that's a little different。

 I'm not as strong as I used to me。 So doing like a 20 mile hike in and 20 mile back out backpack's tough。

 Yeah's saying that Ttter does it's more of a tire thing。

 but he's going to the gym every day of the week。 it's really， really on top of his health。

 that's great。 It's awesome。 I'd love to get more into。

 I've been interviewing Brandon Carter and also the guy is some keyotebody。😊。

And Elliott Hols's crew and talking more about health and fitness I know that you've always been also rich in health and fitness and that ability to have that youthful look and energy like as you get older like what is your health routine you're still doing the whole eggs and then remember I mean probably was one of the first guys to do fitness and nastyty I remember that if not the first you know like started doing dieting and lifting and all that and I got I remember I got thingsstructs into it when I first started。

And。It's key， I mean for energy wise。For one thing。I don't think you say makes you feel better。

But energy wise， you， having the proper diet exercise the main thing we was going to do for you is going to create testosterone。

Whi is the energy hormone so lifting will create the sosterone for you。

 certain diets will increase the sosterone， you know， diets riching in protein and。

So the main thing is， I always tell guys， you have to get on a diet。

 you got to go to the gym if you want to be successful in this game。

It takes energy and you need that energy when you go out。Yeah， also sleeping a lot。You know， dieting。

 sleeping。Training。I think it's a great， great combination to keep you healthy。

 I mean my boot camps are exhausting， I mean after three days it's like a three day workout。

After3 my students started dropping like I want to go to bed I remember boot camp were so intense that during your time of doing boot camp going to bed and going to the boot camp next night you have these weird boot camp dreams Oh my God you dream about the boot camp because they're so intense because you've been adrenanalized for so long especially boot camp with theology they get so adrenanalized on boot camp because we're always working with fear。

That it's impossible to sleep。And if they do sleep， they have all these weird dreams， you know。

 like I appear in your dreams yelling out or something， or sending in said。

 and after three days they're exhausted， that're really exhausted。

 that's why it's so important that dieting exercise lifting is' going to help you with energy。Yeah。

 I also。Recommended back in the day that our clients don't drink on boot camp so they can stay more focused on what they're saying and remember what they're saying And it's interesting that a lot of clients will say wow。

 this is like the first time we've gone out without the intention of grabbing a beer or something to drink Absutely and it's funny because many students take my boot camps because is I always say asked them at the beginning of the book and I asked them why do' you take any this boot camp。

Because I asked two questions why you take the boot and what are your fears？At the beginning。

 and they say， well， I'm taking this weekend because I want to approach sober。But I get chance yeah。

 I'm going to do that with you because I know if I get rid of my fears。

 I don't have to drink again and I can save money。So sometimes my books are like detgs boot camps because people stop drinking oh my boot many students that stopped drinking on my boot camps theyll say they realize。

 you know what， after getting rid of my fears， I don't have to drink anymore。

So I guess save all this money。One of the things that I was also curious about because you've had so much life experience。

Is that I have a friend， his name is。Mr。 Game theory is his nickname， his real name is Steve。

He's somebody who wrote a book after interviewing tens of thousands of professors。

 He' tried to test a theory。 He hasn't proven it， and he doesn't necessarily believe on it。

 but he doesn't a lot studies about this theory that he believes life is fair。

 but how he views fairness is that you have an equilibrium equilibrium in terms of like how much pain you feel in life。

 So if you feel like this much pain。 you will also feel the same amount of pleasure in life and how he believes that when you die。

 that will balance out so that when people have those tough situations。

 they should know that even though you have all these tough situations in life。

 there'll be something coming down to mind that might make you feel really good。 on the other hand。

 he believes that people that just have so much happiness actually feel some of that pain later in life。

 I was wondering what you thought about okay， yeah， pain。😊，My boot terms is I say no pain， no gain。

 you。I was watching an interview with a quarterback here， one of the Fre。

 one of the best quarterbacks。In NFL history。 and he said。You。

 like he would try this crazy place out of the park。And he said if it's not difficult。

 if it's not challenging。This guy would play with an ankle， broken ankle， like limping。

 wow that tough and then he would do the best job of his life。With a broken uncle。And。People， he say。

That if the reward is bigger。When there is challenge。And。And for me， that that's one of the。

The main themes in my boot camps if there's no。The challenge in the approach。What you're doing。

 there's no reward， but reward's done me nothing。And this guy's saying the same， you know？

This is a guy who was one of the best quarterbacks in history and you said he would play hurt。

So you play with pain and he said the more the challenge， the more the reward。

 so if he was like hes famous for playing with with a limp like like he had an ankle broken and you play like limping and he said I play through pain because you know the reward is bigger the challenge was bigger so the world was bigger in my case。

 personally I believe that if there's no challenge there's no development。The person doesn't develop。

I appreciate that Aie， well thank you so much for the interview， this has been awesome， awesome。

