# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：11.网上商业营销_11. Online Business Marketing【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Our company had online marketing， based upon fun。When we built our company。

 we first started marketinger company with funny cartoon skits like comic book strips。

 if you look at things like Jeffy Show's product。Or I think it's Jeffyshow com。

 you'll see a comic strip where Owen and I would be making fun of how Jeffy's game is so tight and a comic strip where we're dressed up by doctors in London analyzing Jeffy whiles working out the gym and he goes。

 wow， his game skills are off the chart and he's on the treadmill and he's working out and doing sillyy cartoons and what have you。

 This is before we started having videos and we were posting out there。😊。

And a lot of this was based on the fact that we wanted a culture that was based on fun。

 We wanted to market and present our brand as being an image that was fun。

 So our online marketing was based upon the image and culture that we had within our organization。

 The cute nibbles of fun that we wanted to present in a very playful laughffable way。

 that per conveyed our youth because back then we were starting to company in a very early 20s。😊。

We also would include the fact that we were all previously nerds as part of our marketing。

 If you look at one of our programs for。Our video programs， it's called transformations。

 it's becometransform。com。And you'll see a series of our instructors。

 whether you have our preps where we're looking like massive nerds。

And then are after picks of what we look like today and the huge difference it is of just one， two。

 three years later because game and the skills that we teach at oursD dramatically change not just who you are。

 but your entire identity includes how you dress， how you look and what have you。

And showing that for us was even a stronger impact。

 even showing our clients because our clients will do the exact same thing。

 but if they could see that we're doing it and we're the role models。

 they could realize that it's okay for them to have gone through that same situation。

Our audience also needs to hear from us again again and again。

 I remember when we first started using this little track tracking cookie mechanism。

 cookie is like an invisible file that tracks who you are。

 and allows us to track where you are and we can retarget ads to go wherever you are going。

So people who are going to our website， they might go to buy a card， they might go to Honda。com。

 and suddenly on the side are're seeing ads for our company and they're like， oh my God。

 real social dynamics is everywhere。And we were because we were on every single site you went to。

It was a fun way to allow us to make it appear like we were this global company。

 even before we were a global company， I mean I think that our first year of business。

 we were still doing business in like three countries。But we we're。Between this。

 definitely we're not the global entity that we are today。

We're still using a lot of this it' just most of it is now based to upon on Facebook because now we have so many people visiting our website that would be massively expensive to try to do the kind of retget efforts that we used to do。

But we still do this kind of thing on Facebook so if you've purchased them in the past and you have a Facebook account。

 most likely you're seeing our ads on the side now and then because of the technology that we built to kind of do these kind of things and track things however email has always been our primary source or reaching out to people because email is what people check every day just as much as text messages。

And as a result， that allows you to get directly to your phone or your computer or your laptop。

Your' a tablet and reach out to you and get you。To have your attention focused on what we're talking about at the time。

 whether it's a new video， a new article， a new product launch， or what have you。

It's a way for us to continue to reach out to people and personalize the message because if you've purchased certain stuff from is an independent past。

 we'll probably tell you to buy other stuff in the future。

you were interested a particular instructor we'll probably talk to you about things of that particular instructor if you're from a certain city or certain country。

 we'll probably talk to you just about those personal things in just that city and country and it's a great way to customize geotarrg and match things for our customer。

However， first and foremost， today is just the great videos that we create。

Doing it in a cinema cinematography that is world class， doing it with special effects， trailers。

 more of a feature film， music video， kind of movie trailer style， adding to it。

 adding everything from helicopter drones to like Ronan city cams to 4K cameras to。

Teams that you'll see on a production set for a motion picture。

 just for short YouTube videos to make it really high quality and doing it around the world and different cities。

 So as and like。😊，Well， very similar to H a CNN。So we're no longer just that local organization with' like the fun version the scene and that the news that we share is solely about self improvement and self development and usually mostly about picking up girls right now。

And I think that you'll see a lot more of that content push forward as we've become so popular on YouTube。

 we've even been invited to use the YouTube offices and use it for content development because we're out so often。

We share funny pictures on Instagram。Or pictures and videos on Instagram， Snapchat， YouTube。

 just to show what's going on in our life， it's like the more visual way of using Twitter but Twitter than again now is not just text it's actually a way to share pictures as well。

But just letting people see and follow our lives almost in real time。

Has been the way that we've really been able to take real social dynamics to that next level and share all these really funny。

 unique situations that we're in the stories， the life field reports。

 the pickup videos of infield stuff and adventures。 These are the things that you want to follow。

 these are things I wish I could have followed when I was first learning this as a student。

 then therefore， these are the things that we were offering because these are the things that we wish we had when we were in our early 20s before RSD was created。

😊，And now they exist， and now they're available， they're out there everywhere and they're usually there for free。

 unless you wanted to actually go into our website so that we continually update with new content。

And our websites are also continually updating， it started off from just text to cartoons。

 do real videos to now full blown discussion boards interactivity with social media。

 with connect people， interacting with fraternities and Facebook groups to connect people all around the world。

These website updates have been a huge investment， we could buy houses for the amount of money that we've invested in our own custom technology and our websites and what have you because it's so important for our customer base。

 it's so important to fill them in on the information they know what we're doing next and they know how we can help them next and take their game knowledge to the next level。

And as social networks become more powerful because I could view a future where in the future social networks see we wouldnt start showing more 3D video。

 3D cameras and be interactive to your phone to the point where you even GPS track your friends and the business that could also show where we are and interact with us and a toy different way we now have phone appss。

 be private label for our groups around the world that we use with our membership sites in。

Colllusion with each other。And it's really cool to use these new technologies to facilitate faster。

 better， more effective ways of communicating the information education。

And also doing it in ways that are more innovative and fun it's so cutting edge I think that cool thing of most of us coming from that nerd background is we have a high interest in those things that are high tech and I especially grew up in a household where we always had multiple computers and whenever it was a new kind of computer or TV or television came out I would be on it。

 I was taking a university computer science classes ever since I was a kid and I even know that Owen himself used to work for a very popular engineering firm and was how he involved with computer networking would have you at a very young age。

 even as an employee before we became an entrepreneur himself。

Now we're looking at developing everything from phone apps， we used to have a phone app magazine。

 now we have private over phone apps for membership groups。

We're looking at using new ways to connect to people。

 we used to have situations where we had phone call chains that would call people on an automated basis and remind them to attend events or invite them to events in their cities where you personally text and actually call with the massive voice call trees just call people with our voice。

 send out messages and talk to us and you push a button on the phone to be signing up for an event。

We used to use all of letter services like that as well Now it's a little bit more difficult to sign up for some of our events if you try to do so usually have to have some kind of a valid credit cards we get to verify that your identity and we know that you're not just some random member of the press we used to have to do that for security purposes because we had some people that were trying to get to our event to protest the hookup culture and the stuff that were trying to progress。

 we teach。But now， with new technologies and new ways of security， new ways of market。

 you're going to continually see us innovate and take things to the next level。

