# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：03.打造品牌和金融自由_03. Creating a Brand and Financial Freedom【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Crafting a brand or an image， whether it's for yourself personally。

 or whether it's for your company or your business is so important。

 it also is really important if you want to be known for whatever you're doing and if it's in business。

 it leads to financial freedom。When we first created our site， our website。

 we really didn't have anything other than me。 You know。

 I was just trying to create a brand for myself。 So I was just talking about myself。 In fact。

 all it was was a stick figure picture of me because I had no money to create a website。

 And then on my resume。 And it wasn't even like my corporate resume is a resume of those people who I thought were really popular in terms of like picking up girls on the Internet and sharing those stories in the field reports and just saying。

 hey， these are my friends。 These are people I wing with。😊。

And this was before any businesses or companies were ever doing this。On a personal level。

 I think it's really important for you to be associate with right people and I think that's also why LinkedIn has connections。

 ensuring who your connections are and having them be able to recommend you。

 it's kind of like their version of what I did but for you on a personal level which you could leverage into your business life and that's also why people have so much attention into their Facebook or their Snapchat or or ttters so they going to have that personal brand and that image and pushing that forward because that first impression for a lot of people。

Is going to be based not just upon meeting you， but the research they do of you later。Now。

 when you go to our website， we always will try to capture your email because we know that it also takes not just one meaning of communication。

 but sometimes six different means of communication for someone to get interested in you or to buy from you。

 Sam thing goes for when you're interacting with other people。

 when it's your social circle or them meeting your family， meaning your friends。

 people who vouch for you， doing your research， being about you or just knowing from when interaction with you at one place。

 when interaction another， that you're a good person。

And we've done a study and I think another company did this study like Entreur did a study that said that takes six to eight different kinds of messages before people will buy from you or even consider buying from you and so that's why we have emails going out every one to three days of the week with different articles。

 R nation co front page videos， blogs， videos on YouTube and then we promote all sorts of other means of social media so that people can see not just one means communications showing a story but at other people are following and vouing for it。

 and that allows us to really develop our brand in the next level because the only way to get true financial freedom。

Is to have a very strong loyal falling。 And that's also the only way to really get a really。

 really strong social circle that is willing to do almost anything for you now。

There's a lot of people who looked at what we did when we first started and it was not where it should be in terms of our website development and our presence and our brand。

 we had to build it over time so I said first all we had was a stick figure。

Our next step was we just had words on the page， there was no images， there was nothing。

This industry that came out nowhere， this pickup artist industry where on the headline， it said。

 get the fastest， easiest， most effective way to track any woman that you want。In fact。

 that's not that taboo， it sounds like a dating dating service education service， but for Citibank。

 they actually banned our company from their bank because they thought we were running a prostitution scheme because it was so unusual for people to be able to teach guys how to pick up girls。

 they didn't even know what we were。I tried to explain and they said I know what you really do。

 I thought it was crazy it was insane so we decide well we got to make this more girl friendly so our next step is Owen and I said let's add cartoons。

 I got my cousin to create high society networking cartoons。

 people with our networking and soul circles andquimarous settings and put it all over our website。

And it's also something that we could show girls and be proud of and be like， oh， wow， that's cute。

 It's not just this unusual thing。And I think it helped a lot。 Now， if you look at， you know。

 a lot of websites and a lot of other like， interesting subcultures。 Like if you look at Japan。

 for example， you'll see cartoons and anime everywhere。 It's like this fun。

 like freeing kind of like。😊，Thing where people have like Q T things and they dress up and causeplay and all sorts of weird things like that。

 I noticed that like a lot of like rock bands and EDM music groups are putting like cartoons and nerve stuff as well。

 And we wanted to kind of ride off this like new unusual trend and kind of like grow it。

 So a lot of people actually started stealing the cartoons from our website And then posting it on their sites and on their products because it was like this really interesting trend we kind of caught on right the edge before everything started hitting it。

😊，And we decided look， look， we're gonna change things up。

 cars are real social dynamics because we are about infield about cutting edge stuff。

 So we've changed it so that now if you go to our site。

 It's pictures of actually us doing the infield quips from we infield and showing us teaching students and sharing value with people。

 And that really kind of conveys who we are much more direct。

 much more powerful message because if you look at where we're marketing。

 it's mostly just us sharing live in person seminars infield videos。 in the same way。

 people are now getting onto Snapchat because on the personal level。

 you just share with your stories all the time， you doing your videos。

 doing your stories and sharing your life just like how we do it。

 because then people could get to know you。 And even if they're not in the same city or your old friends。

 they could follow you So I think it's really important for you to do this。

 The fact there's services where you can connect all your social media into one text message we're not traveling around the world。

 I was in one text message。 It would go to all my social media at the same time。

 I'm sure you could find it because I don't use anymore I couldn't tell you exactly the name。😊。

What I'm trying to convey， though， is you want to automate a system。

 So do you have more time for your personal professional growth and by creating enough social value or the presence that you have a lot of value in your life to other people through these various means of presenting yourself to the world。

 you're developing that brand， that personal brand and vision or that business brand and vision so that people are interested in doing business with you getting to know you or developing a personal relationship with you。

 I know for a fact that any girl you're seriously interested in dating。

 not just the one night stands typically， but girls are interested in actually dating you recurringly will be doing research on your social media if you have any。

 I personally have limited my social media because I want to stay in the private sector most of the time or behind the scenes。

 but I'm changing a lot of that as well， and I'm having to actually get back into this as well。

 But I mean， I have a lot of passion for this。 I think it's really。

 really fun It gives you a sense of freedom。😊，Be even convey convey who you are。

 all sorts of interesting things， and I love innovation's kind of。

As an escape from the typical mundane business where most businesses。

 they kind of have the same structure。And any job， a lot of it has a lot of those things that really suck。

 but the things that are creative and innovative are the things that I appreciate the most and being able to express artistically a lot of these things is really important。

I've always looked for those things that allow you to convey art。 my mom is an art major。

 she mastered in art， and I was always taught to like create art at home when I was even like a six year old until I was 12。

 just for fun。And I think a lot of that passion and creativity inspired me to continually think outside a box even for business or thinking about things in new ways or try to fantasize and glamorize a lot of the things that we do。

From day one， real source dynamics was all about that。

 all about trying to create this really fascinating， creative。

 free mind outside the box thought process， which what Tyre calls cring a movement。

I know that creating whether it's a religious movement or a political movement or a belief system or a meme。

 that's gonna be the most powerful thing anyone could do。

 And Tyler wanted to do that for the belief systems that could teach you， not just pickup。

 because if we wanted to just teach pickup， we were to call ourselves d dynamics。

 but all aspects of your social and business life and professional life and using the skills you could learn to pick up girls。

 which is one of the most challenging and sophisticated skills。

 even though pick up amazing naturally for a lot of people。

 there's a lot of dynamics and ways to study and break it down into a science and make it fascinating and fun。

 And as a result， we call ourselves real social dynamics for just that purpose。😊。

A lot of the things that we do is always focus， though， not just in terms of the dynamics in general。

 but on how it helps you， the person。 So we'll talk about the features of a program。

If you read our sales materials or if you watch our YouTube videos。

 we always talk about how what we're talking about benefits you， you the customer， you， the student。

The same thing goes when you're interacting with other people on a social level or on a business level。

 you always want to talk about those things that you might be doing。

Those those things that might be fun， but always think about how what you're talking about might be able to benefit them。

 whether it's going to be captivating with the fun story。

 capivating the excitement of their imagination or sharing with them something that you know is going to help them because you know what your goals your dreams are and your vision are I do a lot of that in my relationship talk and my dating life and I think it's really useful to do it in your social life as well。

 in fact， law of my business context just from doing that one thing then turn into personal context。

 people who now will give me business services for free just from doing this kind of thing。

It's kind of like your unique sewing proposition， whether in the business world， they call it a USP。

 unique sewing proposition， what makes you different from everyone else， what makes you stand out？

You know what is it that makes RSD stands out is that we have this cutting edge technology in terms of dating and education。

And we share it in a very unique way。 real world experience is very difficult to capture and we capture it。

 share it in video format and also in live programs all over the world in your personal life。

 when you think about what your USP is， Are you that massive networker。

 Are you the guy who's really interested in that unique passion whether it。

 It's like video games or surfing or something unique， Are you just like the quiet guy。

 but you're like that good guy who really is like a loyal。

 trustworthy guy who will hang around and be your wingman。😊。

You' got to figure out what that is for you。 How are you going to present yourself with your social circle。

 your social life so that you're viewed in that unique way。

The way that you want to be conveyed other people， that you think other people are going to want to be around you more often。

