# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：07.如何过一种无家可归的成功生活_07. How to Live a Homeless Hardcore Life of Success【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Much of my life I spent without money。 and I wanted to talk to you guys about what I call how to live a homeless。

 hardcore life of success。Because when I was building RSD， much of it was on a shoestring budget。

 the company was created on $60，000 worth a credit card debt。

Even when we were living in a $6 million mansion into the Hollywood Hills。

 which I saw recently went on market now for $17 million。At that time， I was more broke than ever。

 barely able to meet Rt each day， I even had trips where I was' in abiza with T。

And every day we were relying upon incoming student revenue just to cover our food and our hotel for the day。

 or else we wouldn't have the money to pay the bills or even eat。

We even got to the point where're in the deep recession when the global financial crisis of the real estate market in America crashed and many people lost our homes。

I was losing $6，000 a day， sold every single material possession that I own from my CDs and DVDs at news stores to even some my clothes。

To even getting rid of an apartment。And got rid of my fancy BMW to live out of the 1997 over a decade old Toyota Avalon parking in a parking lot of a hotel that had free wi-fi。

 a shower that was available in the lobby on the first floor of a gym that could use。

 had water bananas and apples out and I still had to pay $12 a day just to park into the parking lot and that was even tougher me and this kind of thing allowed me to find really weird ways of surviving。

 like going to hotels that had free breakfast like the Hawthorn or going to co-ops and university campuses where if you are looking at living in this coop community。

 which is kind of like a hippie community of college students that they would give you three free meals to get to know the community decide whether you want to have shared rooms at these random in hippies。

I even went so far as not to use the couch shing travel websites。

 but to find random online friends to travel and get people to host me。

I would contact people just from internet discussion boards relating to topics I was interested in like picking up girls or self-improv and say hey。

 I'm traveling to this city I just like the crash with you I know I don't know who you are but I need a place to crash I'm just making new friends I'm a cool guy here's a little bit about who I am in my journey。

I even met one guy who was。You went by the nickname Co Sing Ari。

And he was couchtfing among random houses， but he got to even crash at the home of a few billionaires。

 millionaires， and really interesting people from around the world that became friends。

I did this within the RSD network， I was crashing within the RSD inner circle networks with an RSD nation。

 I sent out an email。To our email list of over a decade ago。

 which was a few hundred thousand people and I said， hey， I'm doing this tour。

 it's going to be a free seminar tour， I went to crash for free。

At your place and I'm coming to these cities around the world giving all these free presentations。

 and I did this because。In order to cover our massive growing debt。

 I had to get our message out there to more people than just Los Angeles people were flying just to us back in the day。

 and I got so many people interested in us we were to move over a debt but when I was into a situation where I had no money。

 I was literally just buming rides from people， I couldn't afford to pay for a taxi I'd have situations where I'd have like four huge luggages and it wouldn't even be luggage one of them might be a laundry bag and I'd have like a maximum carry on check so I had to have to put many bags like a computer bag and an AV gear bag and then laundry bag and it carried on my shoulder as if it was one carry on bag so we wouldn't have to pay for check bag because I didn't even have money for a new check baggage or to go through a taxi。

A lot of tough situations。 I even had a situation where when I was on tour， I'd be able to travel to。

Sometimes 30 countries in a month。For about 2000， something a month that included like food and any travel or what have you because I was literally。

Bumming off of the lives of the people that I was just crashing with。I improved my soul situation。

With reading， with research and with hard work， because while I was doing all that。

 I was continually studying reading materials on how to get out of that situation。

 I was working on the internet because w-fi is free in so many different places。

 whether it's Starbucks or library or just doing to research。

 contacting people trying to find ways to build a company to build my business and get us to a situation where we are on track。

I think that knowing that to is a process and as possible go from completely a homeless to one of the largest houses in the Hollywood Hills。

 well the largest house in the Hollywood Hills is something that you can definitely see as a possibility。

 I'm here to be a living testament of that process。But a lot of that。

It's just really based on the fact that I was able to not give up hope。 I was able to push forward。

 I was able to hustle。 I was saving， being frugal。 always coming from a place that I know I had a lot to offer the world。

 I was a highly educated person and always。Focusing on getting more contacts。

 more people to help out me。 And I think most people are， you know， naturally a little bit selfish。

 And if you could transform into someone who's more selfless。I just focused on sharing stories。

 having fun adventures， and just risking it all。That kind of personality。

 that kind of free flowing personality and freedom is very， very attractive。

Ive always focused on sharing my success stories and trying to captivate interest in helping you as students。

 and we've been trying to do that with our RSC instructors to do the exact same thing。

Most of our instructors have had to deal with the issues， not maybe to the extreme that I did it。

 but in some way or another， because I was always telling my instructors，Look if I could do this。

 you could do this too， and I didn't make them live in a car or anything。

 but I've had instructors who' are living with volunteers。

Just people that were interested in hosting them and then crashing your couch， I had instructors。

 though who didn't like the volunteer they were staying with so much so that they literally went outside the volunteer's department。

 found bushes， got their backpack andcloed and made a bed out of it。

 and literally was completely homeless。On the other hand， I was at a five star hotel upscale lounge。

😊，I met this beautiful girl， well dressed and everything。 I said， hey， where are you living。

 She goes， oh， I'm living on the beach and I looked at a right of her on the floor。

 It was a backpack。 And I bettting that backpack was is her entire life for her clothes and everything else。

😊，So I guess it wasn't data uncommon， and I guess you ended up at the end of that night。

 getting picked up from some guy and she ended up not spinning the night on the beach。

 She got to bed。But at the same time， a lot of people have done this kind of couchurfing lifestyle when you're young and something that you could do when you're young。

 you're willing to travel， you're willing to adventure。

 you're very open minded about what's going on。But more importantly， if you are in a situation。

 whether you're a more mature situation。Stay optimistic。You got to look at the attitude and positive。

Outlook that could be there， the possibilities， never losing a hope。

 It's like watching that movie pursuit of happiness with Will Smith Pu and then a guy who eventually became a racist successful investor。

😊，And he was living literally in bathrooms and train stations。 and became successful。 These stories。

 although inspire the imagination and they inspire the spirit of the human。😊，A desire for adventure。

 hope and risk taking， it's actually not as uncommon as people may think。

If you look at most business owners and entrepreneurs。

 most of us have been on the edge of these situations。

 many people though are on the edge of these situations and they fall off and they die socially。

 financially， everything In fact， nine out of 10 of these people who are in that situation will fail in three years in five years。

 99% of people who try to go down this path of like trying to succeedede at creating a company as opposed to just getting a standard job and having that safety security anding all this risk of the hardcore homeless life。

it's a risk you have to be willing to take if you want to get that high risk high reward at the same time。

 there's a lot of ways to get that happy， healthy life without doing any of this。

 I'll ask some people what they want to do。 And they'll just say， oh。

 I want to be a computer programmer and do cybersecurity for this really popular large company。

 I think that's just as great as the next guy who says， oh。

 I want to create this high tech company that is going to be the next way of trading financial services and currency。

😊，I think they're both equally great and they both have the equal amounts of success if you have the right person behind you。

 if you have the right mentors behind you， if you have the right ambition。

 the right goals and the right dreams， but all in all， if you want to have any success。

 whether it's taking this hardcore homeless life and trying to get mass success and still having an outlook that you have the time to pick up girls。

 build a company or just try to get out of that situation and jump into a proper job。😊。

Stay optimistic。