# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：06.如何从提供这么多价值中获得狂热的粉丝_06. How to Get Raving Fans from Offering So Much Value【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I was reading articles on the Internet where people were referring to Tyler as if he was Jesus。

 they were saying things like Enler we trust。And I look at our fans and so many of them are such strong raving fans and people will say。

 how are you able to build such a crazy fan base because I will go walking down the street。

 especially if you'rety walking down the streets of Hollywood he might get stopped three times every block he watch walks。

 And if he's in the remote village in Italy， he still might be approached by random people。

 I've seen this happen right before my eyes on a regular basis。 and almost every night we go out。😊。

And it comes from just offering so much high quality valuable content to the world， sharing that。

And most of the times。It's not just in our paid programs。

 but it's available for free online through YouTube。And when people get into that。

 they may watch that for a long time and then want to give back to us because they've been following us for maybe a few months。

 if not a few years。 And they're like， well， they've offered so much free value。

 I really want to give back to these guys and help these guys out and for their career as well。

It's all been a process of showing people with a what's allowed us to get that freedom。

 freedom of mindset， and it led to our financial freedom。

 but it also led to a freedom in our daily life。 and that was what we call building a movement。

 Tyler refers to that continually because it's all about creating a tribe。

 a mastermind group of people within our company that then shares this mastermind of ideas with other people。

 So students that we have could form their own tribe and together they form a movement in the same way as religious groups formed together and act as a community。

 the same way that businesses act together and they make massive amounts of profit by having strong intertiable connections and networks and ways of thinking。

 our teams and people are able to help each other。 and there's so much value into that process of building that return on community。

 these collisions and ideas that create innovation It's just that。😊。

The power from that is so strong that it's unforgettable。

 people will remember that after rest of your lives， and it creates that epic experience for growth。

The key is when we are sharing our information our knowledge。

 most of it is about going deep and going to the extreme when people think about picking up girls they usually think about superficial kind of surface area。

 fun party vibes and stuff like that yet when we develop the content and curriculum in real social dynamics it's always been about creating life epiphanies。

 thoughts and processes that you remember shock you out of your previous ways of thinking and move you into a new direction。

We even have used these things in our interactions in social settings in terms of pickups in terms of business。

 because when you could give people those experiences and sharing those life experience moments where you kind of shock them out of their previous ways of thinking。

 it gives you a sense that you have a higher purpose， a higher vision and something on your mind。

 People want to be around that。 People want to follow people that have that kind of life and textual charisma and push forward and you'll see that every kind of organization of leadership from social circles to a business to your dating life where the guys who are able to do this are able to control mass amounts of minds。

 individual's hearts。😊，Now if people go to our live events and they go in person。

 they'll oftentimes come just to gain rapport with us and we do it to do the exact same thing to learn from our students and what they want and need and also to develop a lot of stories。

 share cool videos， and for us it's a lot of fun。I know for a fact that if Tyler and I wanted to stop teaching all these live programs around the world and just sit behind a computer。

 we could do so， but our content would suffer because by going out there and meeting you as students。

 going out there， hitting the field and going in rapport。

 we're able to develop so much more than anyone else。

 And we have the largest repertoire of content in the dating community and probably the history of the world because of what we're doing and growing and even getting larger and larger every day as we have guys in the field right now。

 hitting cities in countries all over the world and meeting students all over the world doing that。

 then we'll come back here to Los Angeles， Las Vegas or their teams and share that content with you guys so that we can share that excitement。

 that adventure， that Gammar。 I think that sexy glititz is what attracts a lot of people to us。😊。

I am hope that in the future， a lot of this will not just be in theelma pickup。

 but in the higher purpose。In terms of lifestyle， in terms of business， in terms of health。

 assess and also relationships in general， I believe that a lot of what we're doing is really larger in life and a lot of our instructors will have that larger life personality because they're so deep in these higher purposes that are larger than themselves that they carry that mission vision and feeling with them and to all the people they interact with all over the world and the thing is that is contagious Our students will feel that momentum and it'll make them want to push forward they'll get excited by this and it also is something that is an excitement they'll carry forward and that charis they'll carry forward to get with people all over the world。

But you should chase at higher purpose yourself。 There's so many interesting ways to get active in your social circle in your life that are things that are more important in yourself。

 whether it's in helping your friends， helping your family working on a business and growing it larger。

 But these are the things that allow you to look at things in a greater way。

 If you look at a military troop leader， like and you're watching a movie， like a gladiator movie。

 You have the general upfront。 And he's always talking about how there's for Sparta or for Rome or for whatever it's as if there's like a higher purpose。

 know people supporting a ga， whatever that is。 Now for us。

 it's about a movement of creating freedom， creating excitement， creating adventure。

 And is is like a general higher purpose caused for us just without less of。😊。

Static kind of situations， more of like a general fun and an emotion that we're supporting because we live a life of strong emotions and we share them。

 and I believe that is the definition of charisma。 when you can do that in a really powerful and a really impactful way。

And when you develop friends within our fans， within wheel social dynamics。

 you'll have a lot of people who share these similar belief systems， in fact。

For most of my last decade， most of my friends have been from fans。

 students and people that we interact with that are really dedicated to this real socialaneist lifestyle。

 people that I've met have purposely traveled all around the world to come visit me in Las Vegas on a regular basis for sumummit and Vegas immersion and just to hang out and I think that is really testament to the people that are really dedicated to after our friendships and the excitement and energy and higher purpose that we were able to share with them。

Because we have a very deep love and interest in their success。

 and I think that we have a general interest and success in general。

And I think Tower Roy just loves seeing those successes in our students and sharing them。

It really comes across in his videos more than anything else。

 he's such a perfectionist in order to make sure that our students get to that he'll create videos for months and months and months and not release them just to try to make it the perfect educational tool。

 trimming the fat and making it the tool that will optimize the learning process for students。😊。

We have about， I don't know，10000 hours with the video footage。 and we release maybe 1% of that。

 We have an army of video editors downstairs in the first two floors。

 which are our offices downstairs。 And these are people that are working literally around the clock。

 We have guys who will crash in our wine cellar because they're just exhausted and they don' want to go all the way home。

And I'll see these guys working around the clock and I have a lot of kudos to these people。

 even the video team that was working with me here last night， we were up into the middle of night。

 just trying to cut footage to create a program for you to share with you guys my knowledge in terms of like business。

 social dynamics and what have you。😊，And so much of this comes in the fact that we're so dedicated to making sure that our content is out there。

 we always wanted to be about those scenarios that would be on real worldd situations and that's why were always focused on infield situations and our hope is once we go into the higher purpose or self-prorov or business world。

 it's always been to be about those in field real world experiences as well。

You've even had companies that whether you liked them or not。

 there's a cigarette company that even hired us to help them with business and using the social dynamics of RSD in the nightclubs。

 we had a company that was taking us out to the nightclubs and because they were selling cigarettes。

 they took us to the smoking areas and had this approach other our smokers。Walk up to them。

 gain rapport other smokers， and then build friendships。

 cook them into wine to hang out with them again， and then inviting them to fun and cool events。

And the。way you could do that if you're marketing or you're in a position of selling cigarettes it's so hardcore。

 so much a poor has be needed that they actually have to give you a copy of their driver's license。

 put it in a scan it。 they carry around their pocket。

 All them to scan it before they're even allowed to take your name and phone number in a smoking area Now friends of people would come by and say。

 oh my God， these guys are trying to commit identity fraud， do not give them your I。

 that's a lot of poor and trust。 you have to have to develop that。

 and they were successfully doing that Most of the time。

So that's the kind of program that we see in the future for business。

 learning dynamics of how you cope with these unusual business situations。

 just how you see in our videos， there's tons of unusual tricky social situations with dating I mean the pickup world especially if you're video recording any field pickup。

 you also have a guy come up oh my God he's video were video recording you and then the pickup could be caught because all of our pickups for real world interactions live in field and it's really cool to see that it's a very unique possible possible thing that I never thought was going to be possible to do but we've were working on this for over a decade to figured it out and we're able to share that with you and I'm really glad to have that because as a result we have ratingaving fans and many of you guys have turn into very。

 very close friends。😊。