# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：2如何不受金钱的影响_02. How Not to be Affected by Money_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A lot of people view money as evil。And that's because a lot of people are affected by money in a negative way。

So I want to talk about how not to be affected by money。First of all。

If you have a situation where you gain a lot of money。

 become rich and successful in business or you're saving a lot， or if you don't have a lot of money。

And you haven't gotten that。There。Is a way for you to view money in the proper way。

 and that's to use it as a resource and a tool。And you could always follow your passions regardless about how much money you have。

And you should always do so， you should always follow your passions if it's in women。

 you should chase the women， do whatever it takes， get the field experience， get the knowledge。

 follow the RSD videos， if it's in business， you should also do the same thing。

 try to seek out mentors， mamind groups， get involved with business clubs and read business books or get university education and then study business and business school。

But follow your passions no matter what。The other thing that you need to do is continually read and research。

Reading and research， learning， attending seminars and events。

 that's always going to be more valuable than any kind of money you could ever make in the business world and the social settings。

It's always the case。Although I've spent hundreds of thousands dollars。

Well over a million dollars in just educating myself in addition to my staff。

I don't feel like the money has affected me。You know。

 I don't let the money effect me in a negative way because of that。

 I think a lot of it has to do with the fact。That you just respect the knowledge that you gained。

And you look at those things that money can't buy， which is。In terms of pickup。

 in terms of what RSD's main focus。Its almost everything。

I remember the times when I was going to put me broke。And some of the things that I would do。

Was just all day long， go out and try to pick up girls in the daytime and practice。

And it was very freeing， it was awesome， I was at the University of Wisconsin Madison。

And it really was just about the game。 I would write field reportss and just loving that process of playing the game so much that at the end of every field port that I ever wrote。

 I would always write the words， I love the game。😊。

Because the learning lessons I learned just hitting the field was so valuable， so awesome。

 and it required any resources and might just required a goal a passion and then know educating yourself to fall through and I was reading pickup materials from guys who were writing about field reports and trying to model what they're doing what they're saying like a lot of RSD guys do for our RSD instructors now。

 I was doing that before there was any RSD before there's any pickup ours companies。

 just from guys who are even just naturals and then asking these naturals what they're doing hanging out with and hoping that some of their magic and mannerisms rub off on me。

At the same time， a lot of people。Will。Build friendships and those friendships may rely on things that are not common。

 they may rely on people putting friendships based upon wealth or status。

 but they might not be positive， they might be really just kind of sb flury as people may say。

So I would cut out that kind of negativity out of your life。

 I would not allow money to affect you to the point where you're developing friendships outside of what would be considered。

Like true friendships as opposed to just like networking， it's just too superficial。

A lot of people will fall into that trap when they first become newvoigche or have just gotten money for the first time。

 I think most people who have fallen into RSD lifestyle will get some success。

 Many of them many of you guys will come rich one day。 And so just be ready for that。

 I know guys who are some of the richest guys in the city of Las Vegas and Los Angeles and they're all very humble that's one of their core values and it's so important to do so because if you're in a situation where you have a mass amounts success and you aren't people aren't going to be able to relate to you。

 You're gonna to lose a lot of your friends're going to cut out a lot of girls that would be interested in talking to you because you're just too arrogant just too cocky It's too egotistical。

Now causes a lot of problems in business as well because a lot of people that view that are better than everyone else forget that you have to invest in your emotional bank accounts of other people forget that you need to stay humble。

 forget that everyone else is trying to hustle and they think they're better than everyone else and they're working harder than everyone else when that's just not true。

 you got to stay humble。You know， celebrate your successes。

 but not try to compare yourself to everyone else because everyone is trying to accomplish the same goals of success and if you think you're doing it better。

 that's great。know that other people think they'rere doing it better than you as well。

 and you you might be wrong。Never forget also to always be in that state we are thinking about the other people around you first and foremost。

 and that's what it really means to be a solid guy。

 guy who's offering a lot to everyone else around them。Someone you be relied on。

 someone who dependable。And that more anything else is probably the main thing that needs to be in your core values。

 you need to have core values and core belief systems more than financial resources， more than money。

More than desire to create a business or be an entrepreneur or anything else。

 just being a solid guy that people can rely on and everything else will fall in place。

Especially if you're working for other people， you know。

 if you're working for other people working on a job。

 a lot of times you'll get paid even more than the CEO。

 a lot of times you'll get paid more than the entrepreneur themselves just because you're a solid guy and it could depend on you。

AndAnother thing that people should focus on is that health。

 staying at least in shape of some kind of athletics。Now for me。mNow 36， it's 2016。And for me。

 I'm really involved with golf because that's athletics that I think that you can do at any kind of age。

And when I'm playing golf with other people， and I'm hitting the gym and just doing golf exercises and what have you？

Mo surrounded by a lot of people that have made money because a lot of people who play golf during the weekdays are retired and they kind of like have their savings。

What are people that are business owners that have wristed all and they won？

I like what Owen and I did。And。I think it's cool to have you know money so I can do things like that。

 but just to make sure that。Don't only hang out with people just because they're in that same situation。

You' got to hit the field to get that kind of success and you never forget that stuff。

Regardless of whether you have money and whether you think。You know。

 that's cool and you have access all these awesome things。If you don't have money。

 if you don't have the resources， don't worry， especially if you're here for RSD materials and pickup advice。

 we have so many free RSD materials。That you could wash it forever。

 and there's always going to be new stuff。Now。If you actually buy some of our programs you can access to deeper mentorship。

 access to us directly， and that's super awesome。And that's why you're watching this video now。

Same time。More and more， you should also understand who we are and what we value most and me personally。

I view the most important thing is that you stay close to your family and friends。

You don't lose touch with your roots。I can't imagine anything more valuable than that。

Theres people in my family that。Are not rich， not desful。

 I love them just as much the same thing with my friends。

And I think that if you allow money not to affect that。Not to affect your attitude saying humble。

Not affect your relationships and you continue to just follow your passions and hit the field。

Money won't be viewed as an evil thing。you viewed just something that could help you in your business life。

 your social life， it would have you change your attitudes about money。

Law people are afraid of selling because they view money as potentially taboo。

That's in the same way while a lot of people don't have sex with girls who are not aggressive physically。

 they want to escalate with girls because they've sometimes have grown up viewing sexist taboo。

Both sex and money can be very healthy things， done right。If you have the right views。

The right focus on how to view money in a positive way， same with sex。

You'll have a healthy relationship with it。So think about these things about。The research。

 the reading， the RSC materials， all the things you can get without money。

 think about the things you can get with money， but just realize because so many people ask me you know now you have money。

 how do you view the world differently？try not to view the world that differently at all。However。

 I do respect money。I think it's very valuable， and I think it's really important for your security。

 but if you don't have it yet。Don't worry。Just hit the field and grow。

