# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：03.如何在人际关系中成为动力_03. How to be a Powerhouse in a Relationship【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

When you're in a relationship， I think it's really important to be that powerhouse， that rock。

 that alpha。Yet at the same time， a relationship is called a relationship for the purpose that you guys are also equal。

 you guys are sharing values or sharing connections and you're relating to each other。

 empathizing with each other and trying to get in the same page with each other。

 So if you want to be the guy who is that alpha guy。

 I think in terms of a relationship is' not necessarily being the alpha male is sense of being that dominant guy。

 but more about being a role model。 What you want to see happen in your relationship。

 you should exude that the guy who's there to be supportive to be the leader to be somebody who is guiding the values and the goals of that relationship and clarifying。

😊，That you want to be there， you want to care， you want to like be a part of it。

So many people will kind of treat a relationship as like a sideshow。

 Those have a relationship just so that they can either just have sex or they could either just have a partner to go out and do things with which can do that with just your friends if you don't want to have like a meaningful deep connection and relationships。

 you want to be the role model， you want to really push things。

 You want to establish queer expectations。  Queer expectations always allows you to avoid social violations。

 And what I mean by that。😊，Is that when you clarify what you will when not tolerate in relationship。

 what you want in relationship？And clarify those things that will cause damaged relationship。

You can avoid a lot of violations to expectations， and you should do that early on relationship。

 a lot of people will try to do that for monogamous relationships or relationships that are more open。

And if they do that， you're more likely to avoid a lot of the hurt feelings that can come from it。

But you have to be in a situation where you have those similar values。

One of the things that I've done in order to establish a lot of clarity is that I developed really strong key performance indicators。

 metrics of track in my personal relationship， in my relationship。Those things would be。You know。

Everythingthing from how often we're having sex to personal goals we have together in terms of learning。

 in terms of accomplishing our goals in terms of hanging out with friends and just tracking these things。

And with my girlfriend and then who eventually turned into my wife。

I think that doing this is a very healthy thing， especially for me。It helped me a lot。The reason why。

 though， I have this standpoint look at numbers， looking at the metrics is because I do it all the time in business。

 So it's very natural for me to do this， but having this conversation in a natural way where it's not a story on numbers because the way I was doing it was basically looking at literally reports and Excel sheets。

Its probably just as valuable， if not even more valuable than the way I was doing it because I actually don't do that anymore it' a process that I developed and evolved into more normal conversation。

Also having just regular meals， I think that's why family meals are so important for family members when you have kids。

 parents always want you to have that relationships when you're。You know。

 in a deep relationship with your partner， you want to have that same thing and it helps with trust building and it helps with allowing people to know that you care about them and that you care about their day so many people split apart because it seems like they live separate lives。

 they won't even have that meal together and as a result。

They might just like see each other when they go to bed， I think it's really sad。

 I've seen couples that have been with each other since childhood and then one of the two partners they just stop caring about the other person is go on a pickup spree。

Whereas's going out there， picking up girls， that's because a lot of the things like establishing that trust expectations。

 to regular routine with each other and making it fun just disappeared。

I think that you need to also make sure that you're always sharing your strengths。

 know what your strengths are， and use them to build your relationship stronger。

Know that every relationship requires a lot of work and even if it seems easy。

 there's always a lot more work to do and it's tough it's really。

 really hard you got to put into work， you've got to put into effort because when you have all these other things in your life。

 you sometimes forget about how important that relationship is how the other person really cares about you and loves you and you need to really get on top of that。

A lot of people won't really say to things that need to be said。

 do the things that need to be said to make sure relationships shares are strong。

 especially when they argue they don't have a process to communicate in a respectful way that shows that they're able to deal with the high emotions and high risks that are involved when you're doing it improperly。

So express your emotions and thoughts always when you're with your other partner。

 when you're in a relationship。Now when you're dating and you're kind of like getting deeper。

If you don't do that with a woman， she's not going to know your thoughts。

 she's not going to know your emotion， she's not going to know who you are。

 she's going to lose interest。So you have to do that， especially when the the。

The topics are about your relationship。Your views about other people's relationships。

 they very curious about these things。Go to let your thoughts be known to that other party or else。

You're not really in a relationship， you're really just more in a friendship。

And a friendship that's more a stoic and kind of game more and more distant。

I think that also not just by sharing your ideas and thoughts， a lot of it has to come with action。

Showing that you care about the other person， showing if you're interested in helping her。

Whether you're like spending your time？hellping her and her goals， whether it's in your work life。

 if you can， if not in your personal life， just going out there and taking part。

 even if it's in like the little things， like the errands。

Or little things like that now in my situation。As so many people that work for me is that I'm not really doing errands。

 I'm actually hiring people to do errands， but even that even just shows that I'm interested in helping out。

But the bigger part of things is focusing on a regular romance routine。Going on a regular basis。

 having a very strong sex life， having a very strong romance life is extremely important。

 keeping it spicy。A lot of people don't know exactly how to do that。You know， you could。

Always have romantic music playing in the background， you can have adding massage。

 adding intimate touch， delaying it， adding more kissing。

A lot of people will just get down to going in， going out and then bouncing。

 and then that is a typical kind of like thing that happens when guys are doing regular pickups。

Matting your touch， having your time， talking， having sex at the same time。

 having time before and after to relax， chill these other。

 and then going deeper in your conversations， sharing your thoughts， emotions， goals。

 and what have you when you're after that ecstasy of sex。Loaw that。

Adds is what intimacy is all about。You know， sometimes my wife and I will go and run a fireplace we'll pull out some cafe deel Mar music from like this beautiful place and the beser will show have like a feeling that we're on the beach even though we're just in our bedroom。

Other times we'll just bring in wine and we'll make like cheese basket each chatter and join the bathtub。

 have sex interesting places， whether it's in like a spa or whether it's a place that would be semi considered public like on a villa overlooking the beach in the ocean。

 adding little vacations on a regular basis。I like going to places that remind us of happy memories。

 having a common happy spot and a happy place that you can travel to regularly。All these things。

A usually forgotten， some of these things require lot of time， requires resources。

 but I mean relationships are difficult just for that particular reason。

I think by having a lifestyle that is full of other couples to match yourmin with。

 and I don't even get certain mastermins or is hanging out with other couples as friends and putting soul shirt with other couples also helps a lot。

You'll see and be able to compare your relationship to theirs and also learn from theirs。

And then if you're in a situation where you're doing a lot more than the other relationships that's going to make you look even better to significant and at。

 you will really look like that powerhouse because you're doing so much more than the other people around you and your peer group。

 And that's kind of like what I'm talking about earlier about being the role model。

 And I think that's really important to do that whether you're in your business。

 social ordaining life。 I keep ramping that up because so much of this is intermingled and commingled with each other and so much of these ideas relate to each other。

 And if you can be a powerhouse and your relationship with your significant other。

 And you have that success there。 I remember hearing some very。

 very successful businessman saying that when they meet people。😊。

In order to decide whether they want to do business with that person or not。

 they will see how healthy their relationship is between that man and his wife or that man with his girlfriend。

 because that tells you a lot about a person because when you're with that person that you love and you care most。

 how you treat that person， how you develop that relationship。

 willll say a lot about how you'll do business， how you interact with your friends。

 how you interact with your social life。So remember that when you're developing that relationship that you think that is going to be that。

Kind of a relationship might develop into something stronger than a significant utter that partner and remember how that reflects upon you。

And also make sure that if you really do care about it and you want to really last。

 these are just things that are very important。