# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：05.RSD的影响如何影响正规教育_05. How RSD Influence Can Affect Formal Education【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I think it's fun that students who are。In college， in university， will ask me。

How much they wish RSD could influence their formal education？

And although we're not in classrooms and we haven't worked with the Board of Education。

 although I had the fantasy that that would actually happen when I first created RSD。

 we are actually。Trying to get involved with formal education as much as we can。

When I was living in Cambridge， Massachusetts， I got invited to be the keynote speaker and on a panel at the Harvard Entrepreneur Conference where I talked about RSD。

Through the topics of building a global company。And also how entrepreneurship in general。

Could be something that people who are Harvard students could do。

And I thought that was so cool to share my story， and I had this。

Speech very similar to the one I did in London， which I shared in the RSDfounders Club。

com membership site。And I did also a lot of Q&A。And I thought it was so cool to be able to influence students so much so that I even considered trying to get a lecturer or temporary teaching position at a university because I thought it was so cool and so much fun。

 I even thought about creating a program how to run a controversial business like a business of the seven toly Ss of business and then having a business that represented each of the sins for us。

 we'd represent lust。Other than that， we've also done lot presentations for universities and as a student。

 I mean when I was a student at business school， I was doing business school presentations for my university and others。

 but I also was invited to do presentations for other universities all across Los Angeles， UCA OMU。

 USC and other universities and schools and I know that。

Other RST instructors have done programs at the University of Texas。

 Austin and other schools like University of Chicago。

 I thought that was really cool because we could get the interest of students and so much of our client base are actually university students most of them are actually post university students in fact。

You know， if you look at our client base， 80% of them are highly educated college educated guys。

People who are in college or just graduate from college。

We also like helping students with internships， in fact we even advertise on university bulletins and online bulletins about our internships now people can involved。

 learn more about business， learn more about RSD。And we actually will most of were recruitccing to RSC nationation and to our customer database at the same time。

A large portion of our client base are actually presently students and some of them maybe even take time all from school just to work with us and get deeper involved。

 in fact a lot of our RSD instructors came through that path and the Mcme interns and Mccame instructors。

That's the rare path most of the time though actually just intern with us for a while and it may or may not join business administration。

 but it's a great way for people who potentially want to get involved with a global company that's doing some really cool things。

 growing really fast and learning a lot。So we hire a lot from local universities。

 we love doing so because it's guys who are young， have a lot of passion， have a lot of energy。😊。

And in business， that's what you look for， you're looking that the same kind of thing though。

 and you know， most people's dating lives or their social lives as well。

 you want to be around educated， young， exciting people。

And that's pretty much what we look for within RSD as well because they're mold。

 they're willing to grow， they're willing to learn and have that excitement， energy for life。

 and they're not bogged down from all the typical things that are going on in people's lives from having other jobs or other demands or other things。

And I love also the idea that when people are university because a lot of people say there's not a lot of value in university。

 but for me I'm the exact opposite of most of the people who are like that。

 I view that universities have great value， maybe their teachers are not always the best。

 maybe their subjects are taught in a more bland way but that formal education and style of academia。

Really has done a lot for our own company and how I think about the world。

 I love also sharing ideas with professors， in fact。

Even today I was talking to a professor from my business school from USC。

 he's a successful entrepreneur， he does about20 to $300 million a year in revenue for a technology company that he owns on the side。

And I was sharing ideas， even though I've。Graduated from USC over a decade ago。

From your business school， I still stay in touch with my professor because I think it's really awesome to share ideas with it and also was doing an interview earlier today with a guy who is a financial advisor。

And he's somebody who made all of his money just from。Interviewing professors and then say， hey。

 I can manage your money。 And now he's one of the most successful financial advisors in Beverly Hills。

 I also like how RSD is getting more involved with。😊，Actually having our staff。

And our executives and everyone in becoming students learning formally because it brings a lot more new and fresh ideas to the table from studying case studies of larger businesses。

For me， I'm doing on campus classes at Harvard University。

I think that's something that's allowed me to interact with a lot of students there and share ideas and also learn from their experience from big businesses。

When I first started RSD， I was a grad school student or I just was an undergrad student and just shortly after that became a grad school student because I went straight from undergrad to grad school。

And as a grad school student， I thought that because I had a company。And， you know。

 in our first year of business， we were doing over a million year。

 I thought that I kind of was like somewhat of a know it all。 but instead。

All these guys who were just not even entrepreneurs， but just working for large scale companies。

 I learned so much from just interacting with these people。At the same time。

 RSD is being quoted in PhD thesis， I know someone who quoted us in our Harvard PhD thesis。

On the other hand， other people are sharing。U in lecturers like professional PhD lecturers who doing that I know that public RD is being spread virally through YouTube and our social media and then professors are quoting us。

 I've been sent random articles from academic research magazines and letters where from all sorts of people that are like that in fact。

 law of our clients have even become professors or they were professors and then they signed up for our program。

And I think that RSD is really influencing formal education。

 but in the same way other private corporations are influencing。

The academics and the academic community without having to be a textbook。

 because I don't really see a subject of being in there for pickup artistry anytime soon。

 might in the future， I mean I would never have expected to see class on hip hop dancing in the university at the same time。

Do universities are trying to offer this kind of stuff。

 even so far as seeing people offering classes in university on pole dancing， it's amazing。

We also see us doing a lot more books and educational programs。

 and I think that will have a lot of influence on the formal books。

 especially books that are in the educational community that are focused on business and psychology because we go so deep。

In understanding female psychology， the dynamics of social psychology。

 and a lot of these principles really relate deeply to the success that you have in business。

 entrepreneurship and marketing。I know personally just from teaching this program that I'm developing with RSD now。

 in terms of like your business life， your social life what have you。

 I know a lot of the ideas and concepts can be elaborated much more detail and turn into books that are focused on business and I know that tower for sure you turn almost any topic into a book and relate it to psychology but we do it mostly in videos because you elaborate much more detail it's much more interesting and most people use books as a brochure to get attention and try to get a following where we already have a large following。

We have a strong client base in students that is sharing us in class。And I think that's really。

 really cool。And I think that。Having that student mindset and even being a student myself。

 I think is important。 I think everyone should always be a student。 never forget that。

 I think a lot of people will discount it， especially people that have never been really deep into formal education。

 they'll discount university， they'll discount college。

 but they'll never have actually even tried it or maybe they'll try one or two classes。

 And I think that could be someone of a shame because there's been a lot of statistical tracking that people who go through that formal education won't have more success。

In relationships they to have less chance of divorce。

 they have an on average hire success in business。So I find a lot of value in formal education。

 I can see myself being studying business， law and many other topics in formal education in addition to outside of the formal educational process for many。

 many years to come， and I hope that RSD influences that process。And I hope that。

You'll see a lot more of what we're teaching。Indiform education in the future。

