# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：9意志力_09. Will-Power【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

When times are tough， it's difficult to get the willpower to keep pushing on。

And that's why I like powerful images， like the Vikings who used to burn the boats so that none of their men could retreat that same mentality is the fire that I believe you need to have when you are in that difficult situation。

I know from watching a lot of movies， Alpcino， who was Satan who went in his law firm in this movie called Devil's Advocate。

 he was advising one of his attorneys， and he said，Well， when people are under pressure。

 there's two things that can happen。 one， they sharpen up， they tightenphon up and they win， and two。

 they give up。And that's exactly what happens in the real world， some people。

 they feel that pressure and it motivates them， it inspires them， they push forward。

 they feel that fire and they go for it because they don't want the alternative。

 which is where they lose and they could lose big。Other people。

 they buckle under that stress and they basically just give up and lose all hope。

And there's situations where that overabundance of stress may do that to almost anyone。

But if you always see that there's a possibility。And you know that you could win and you have that possibility that you could win。

 just chase that because that will power that hope。Is really admirable。

 you look at guys like Nelson Mandela who was in prison for many， many years。

 he became the president of his country， even though he was in prison for being a black man in South Africa who was trying to fight for freedom and doing it in a way that was a nonviolent against other people。

And he was under immense suffering and the only way he could survive is to have that strong willpower and it's kind of like endurance。

 it's like the mentality that you have to have when you're running a marathon or an ironman race。

 I think that mentality that no matter what you're just going to push your body to push further you're going to push your mind to keep going。

That's one of the things I really respected about long distance running。You could do that。

You win the race。 You could do that。 I always finish the race。 I don't know about winning the race。

 You don' have to have Ray proper training as well。 but just a willpower alone。

 you could finish almost any race。 I remember there was a woman that was doing the Iron Man race。

 which is a full marathon。😊，Plus over three miles of swimming， plus over 10。

 I think it was 112 miles of biking and doing it all one after another and his woman was a nun and she was over9 years old and she was finishing this race。

 was very admirable。That's willpower， and that's what willpower can accomplish。

 and if you could do that。I mean。It's amazing。In our company。

 I have a lot of people whose lives rely on our success。

 and the fact that their livelihoods rely on me gives me the willpower and desire to keep pushing forward in the toughest of times within real social dynamics。

 because I want to make sure that those people whove invested in my vision， my mission。

They are taken care of it's that loyalty that I have to them because they've been loyal to me and I want to make sure that if they've invested in their careers and their lives that they will secede and so that motivates me and gives me the willpower to push forward it's that。

NASA kind of like mission can't fail mentality。And he just push forward。

And you don't let anything stand in your way。And there's always creative solutions。

 I mean it's not just about willinging it and pushing it it's the willpower so that your mind is que enough so you could also continually think of crave solutions。

 I know like in NASA they had situations where the rocket ship would be or the space shuttle would be up and outer space and their team is running out of oxygen may crash and they don't know how to adjustg the system because a lot of the technologies that they build or failing。

And then they're thinking of the creative solutions to communicate with them or engineer a makeshift device to make sure that they survived。

And it works if you watch many of the movies about real life NASA situations where this happened。

 it basically works if you have that willpower and you have that creativity。

 you push things together or it does， I think also has to do it that they're inspired at a higher purpose to help people。

I think most people are inspired for a higher purpose to help even more people in life and as a result。

 they want to feel like they're important by helping others， serving others。

 it's a very giving mentality， but it's one that serves that higher purpose and that's why society functions the way it is if it didn't exist society would be chaos it be to be selfish people just trying to get whatever they want from other people without trying to care about what happens with the society members at all。

Now， when you're in situations where you have to work hard。

 you have to press forward and there's challenges that you face， you usually have to suffer。

 you usually have to experience pain， but you've got to push forward knowing that there will be light at the end of the tunnel。

 even if you're not sure there will be light at the end of the tunnel。

Because more likely than not that process of suffering and putting in the pain。

 you'll learn a lot from it。 you'll learn how far your body， how far your mind will push。

 you'll be able to push yourself to the limits even further in the future for whatever you do。

But on the other hand， I've always been inspired by those the people that are looking at life and trying to see how far they get pushed their limits because this is kind of like the upbringing that I was brought。

Even when I was a child and I was at a dinner table。

My dad would always complain about how much food I had on my plate at the dinner table， he would say。

 Nick， your eyes are bigger than your stomach， why don did you get so much food？And my mom would say。

 prove your dad wrong。But he said it so often that I ended up applying that analogy to pretty much everything in life。

W someone would tell me I can't become deful as an entrepreneur。

 I can't assess we pass a certain class， I can't assess we finish a race。

 I can't assess we make it onto the athletic team race， I can't suspect we get a particular girl。

 I'd always have the mentality okay fine， I'll prove you wrong。

s that mentality also helped me a lot with willpower because it was deeply ingrained into my head at a very young age for other people。

 they don't have that they kind of have to learn from other people that have had these lessons this is kind of like one of those things that naturally came to me from my environment and circumstance。

At the same time， the most difficult parts of my life came from being in situations where I've had to work really hard and play really hard at the same time。

 like I did know when I was in boarding school and that's why I love elite level boarding schools because they push you。

And I was really awkward when I was in boarding school， at the same time。

 I learned so much even from all the failures I had。And I also had some success。

 but mostly failures when I was a kid in terms of like competing with people on a very elite level who are all working hard and playing hard because that was basically the average。

I grew up mostly as a guy who is successful compared to my peers when I was in a public school setting。

 and then when I went to these elite schools。Toy different。

 yet the difference between me and them is I'm able to work harder and have that discipline to excel and that might be just enough。

to exceed and surpass even the most of elite of the elite and that usually is the case with almost anything but the only way you could get to that is if you test your physical and mental boundaries to satisfy your curiosity of what your body。

 what your mind can accomplish。Now it's not just about pushing， you need to do it smart。

 you need to seek out people that could help you， a lot of the people who would help me would even just be my peers。

And people who were willing to test the boundaries with me， I used to go to University of Wisconsin。

 Madison as an undergraduate， I was also an Air Force ROTC。

 so I had access to a military detment that had a great classroom inside of it and I had organize study groups with guys who were going to push their boundaries and stay up with me all night long just studying similarly when I'm in business。

I have the same thing when I'm working on huge product launches with Tyler or working on content development。

It's the ability to find people who are willing to help you to support you to push your boundaries further。

 that could also support your willpower because sometimes you don't want to do it yourself。

 you need other people to help you。But I've always seek to be extraordinary in trying to avoid the mundane。

Avoid those things in life that are just ordinary。And if you want to do that in life。

 you definitely have to have hardcore willpower。More willpower than the next guy because the difference between you and the next guy is usually not that much。

Other than just the ability that you were able to put in that extra work。

A lot of people are attracted to the magic pill mentality， the six minute aB technologies。

 or get the secret that will magically get you the girl you want。

 or this one trick will get you massive amounts of money and you'll become an instant millionaire or a billionaire。

The truth is all this stuff。May have worked for one person。

That's most likely not going to work for you， and usually those people that had it work for them。

 they had something else on top of that one minute trick。You know。

 their most one trick pony kind of tactics usually involve someone else doing a lot of hard work。

And if you want to guarantee success。And become someone who has that strong willpower and that strong work ethic。

 and you're going to guarantee that success。