# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：04.创业精神_04. Entrepreneurship【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A lot of our students are highly interested in entrepreneurship。

 not necessarily because they should be entrepreneurs because honestly。

 most people should never be an entrepreneur， but because they want that entrepreneurial spirit。

 what you could do even in your job。 In fact， I know that Home Depot encourages all employees to be highly entrepreneurial and when I define entrepreneurship in entrepreneurialness。

 I'm talking about thinking outside the box， not just sticking in a routine。

 not just take into your present roles and responsibilities， but trying to grow that。

 trying to take that to the next level and that spirit of innovation。

 if you could take that into your business life， you could also take them into your social life。

 and that creativity to try to take things next levelt is kind of like the innovation that we have within RSD。

 and it's also the thing that allows us to grow。Now， as an entrepreneur in terms of business。

 I've had to really recreate our company， recreate our brand and redo so all the time。

 I'm always thinking about ways to even recreate my entire identity from the ground up and how to grow it again and again again。

 new different ways and how to convey it in new different ways to our clients and we're trying to do the same thing for each and every one of our instructors。

 each and every role in our company and it's quite a challenge。 However。

 that's the exciting part for me because I'm not just a business guy。 I'm also a very creative guy。

 I love thinking outside the box and that's what excites me because when things get too boring for me are too routine。

 it kind of troubles me。😊，Most people shouldn't have that problem though。

 law other people think simplicity in life and actually I'm trying to simplify my life more is a good safety net at the same time。

 that creative innovation at always thinking outside the box is a very necessary skill to have when you're in pickup when you're picking up a girl there's always things that come out of left field challenges whether it's the group dynamic or her friends are pulling her away and you're just mean the girl for your first time and you to think on your feet。

 the same thing happens in business all the time at a left field every day I get a sit rep a situational port。

 it's kind of like malled after what you have in the military because so many people in our company come from the military background and I respect that because these are people that can follow up and be dependable。

😊，I have to get all these crazy reports on things that come out of left field that are very。

 very urgent so I could answer those things all the time。 And the way I survive massive amounts。

 almost every day of roadblocks challenges and things thrown at me to run a global company。

 I have that hster mentality。 I know that in order to stay on top of this， I have to work hard。

 I have to hustle。 I've always done that for studying for academics for my social life or my career and pushing forward。

 because no matter how much you are suffering， no matter how much pain you're pushing forward。

 you know， you got to make some money， you got to help livelihood you your people。

 you got take care of people。 a lot of this mentality also probably has come from my deep belief system that those people that hustle harder are people I will respect more。

 so many people think the easy way out is the way to go and I' try to watch movies where someone makes an easy money or watch the magic pill。

😊，And I did an interview with a guy who was creating a sideshow like a sequel to the secret。

 he actually was one of the producers of the movie The Secret and he was cring another sequel。

 but kind of like the secret， the movie where it's talking about the law of attraction but the next level that he thought was about what is the magic pill because almost when people chase that and I believe the real magic pill is you when you're having a hustster mentality。

 the magic pill is you working hard because the magic pill isn't really an easy pill。

 the magic pill is just you managing your life， your social life。

 your business life and being the man， being the boss and pushing forward and working it。

I always love the analogy of being the CEO of your own life。 In fact。

 I used to do a summit speech back at the RSD World Summit in Las Vegas。

 and I talked about how I beat my day in life like and my social life。

 like I built my company you have different kind of divisions of people， finance， sales。

 marketing HRIT instructors and assistants。😊，Same thing on my social life。

 I have people my close friend， my family， I have the VIP host， the promoters， the connectors。

 the people who are just the downer people that I trust。

 and the people who are just interested in random common interesting hobbies that I have。

And I kind of just organized it where I had follow up systems and what have you noticed。

Always learning。 I was always learning more。 And I still am right now， I'm even in school now。

 I'm running a global company， but I'm still right now studying。😊。

I'm planning to take more business classes and formal Education from university。

 and I'm also doing that right now in terms of law。In fact。

 I'm so hardcore into studying that when I was in business school。

 I would travel to Australia and program， fly back for classes Tuesday through Thursday and then fly back to Australia。

Now I'm in a situation where I'm living in Las Vegas。

 I have classes where I'm taking law classes at Harvard getting a degree and at a graduate degree。

And I'm literally flying from Las Vegas to Harvard just to go to classes and I going to be doing this for many years because I'm so obsessed with learning because it sharpens the saw。

 sharpens your edge， it allows you to stay on top of your things who you're not just going to stay a rusty guy and even just talking about all these things reminds me about how important this is。

I think that entrepreneurs or people who are entrepreneurial will also not just focus on one aspect of your life。

 There's always been three aspects of life， I think that are really important。

 which is your business， family and personal life In fact。

 I had to mastermind group within the entrepreneurs organization a board of advisors that I met with of 10 to 12 people every single month。

 and we would spend all day just sharing ideas about business， family and personal life。

 we would talk about the issues that would come with my company。

 how to solve them we would talk about how my relationship was going with my business partner or new marketing campaigns I wanted to run my family life I talk about my relationship with my wife。

 my parents， my brother， my personal life I talk about my hobbies I talk about my goals in terms of like my personal goals and I would also talk about some of the interesting like new ideas I had in terms of parties and cool events I wanted to have However what I would always。

Do when I met up with these people was organize a presentation because one of the most important things to have focus a singular focus one at a time。

 so I would always choose and each of us would choose because we'd kind of be advisors not just for me but for each other one topic。

 one presentation that I would prepare I chose one person in the group to be my coach where we met up earlier we would share ideas and we would kind of talk about all the potential issues and then we would break down how to run these issues from a very。

 very standard process， the first thing I would do and I recommend this process to anyone who wants to have a mastermin group but it' just for social purposes or for business purposes because a lot of people want accountability group need create own with even just 10 trusted friends。

TheFirst thing to do is I'd present about a very important issue to me it might be an issue like。

 hey I don't know how to create a new financial accounting system and I wanted to talk to you about what I've done so far and then I would go around the room and use this philosopher's theory。

 his name is Gasal and he created this theory that a lot of people。

 especially people that are very alpha male， people that are very powerful。

 like a lot of entrepreneurs and CEOs are。Especially successful ones they don't want to be told what to do or what to say and what to think I found that coaching through the Gasal method。

 which is talking about personal experience is a great way to avoid that so as opposed to if I was talking about saying how to improve my dating life instead of saying you should do this with your girl。

 you should do this and that。One would say， well， in my day life。

 I've gained loss assess from doing X， Y， Z。 I noticed that my friends have gained a loss assess from doing this。

 And when I do this， it fails。 anyone just go around the room sharing these ideas So you can learn from those lessons。

 and you'll be surprised about how many people have almost the exact same lessons。

 even if they're not on your level in terms of business。

 or if they're on your level in terms of how big your social circle was。 Everyone always has ideas。

 You can to surround yourself with smart people。😊，And find common lines because you could always have some kind of common line of interest with almost everyone and anyone that you meet so many people will try to meet those people that are very successful。

And they won't understand why these successful people are hanging out with a lot of common guys that are not as successful。

 like a lot of rock stars will have an en just homeboys or most successful millionaire and billionaire entrepreneurs and CEOos and bosses will hang out with people that are just there to chill。

 But they found common lines of interest。 And these are people that have probably just as much to share under。

That these are smart people and the successful people that you want to hang out with。

 they'll hang out with people。And lot to assess， it kind from the people that they hang out with because these people have a lot to offer。

 so you just try to find out what that is and the funny thing is that if you get really deep in there with those people。

 you're more likely to get involved with those people that are really successful the people that they're with。

 but never lose track of your core group。If you're developing this social circle。

 trying to get only friends that are highly successful， you're not going to grow。

 you always want to grow。You want to develop a very strong core group of friends。

 but never forget those people that are just your long termm loyal friends。

 because that's gonna to be way more valuable than people that may have had more success and money or may have more success in their social life。

 Those things come and go。 They're fickle。 I've rapidly seen my wealth disappear。

 My wealth accelerate。 the same thing goes my social life。 And the same thing will happen to you。

 You'll be surprised about how easily this happens。

 And the true value is sticking with those people who you know are going to stick through with you。

 the toughest of times。 And that is where the true value is in terms of entrepreneurship。

 having that safety net is always going come from those people。 and not from。

The fickle assess that you may or may not gain。