# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第8周-RSD斯图尔特（RSD首席运营官）_Week 8 - RSD Stuart (RSD Chief Operations Officer)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Today， we have Swart， who is the chief operations officer for Real So dynamicss。

 He's somebody who's been with us for a very long time。 Startoff as an intern doing the sales。

 became a sales rep， became the sales manager， started managing instructors as an instructor trying to travel and logistics manager and while doing the sales manager job。

 And now is doing a CO job where he's managing the administration。

 checking the effectiveness and efficiencies that are throughout all real social dynamics。

 And I wanted to bring him here today because so many people have asked us how we run our business and a lot of the day today operations or managed by Stewart。

 checking up with pretty much every aspect of business administration， tracking their time。

 how they do their hours and then trying to monitor and manage their efficiencies to make sure that what they're doing is optimized。

 He's been really involved with everything from hiring to working and building rapport with instructors is seeing the growth throughout time of real social dynamics and how we start off as a much smaller company and how we've evolved over time。

 So Stewart can give a lot of insights into the business of how we've。

Over time and how he's internally changed his role's responsibilities and how he's done that for the people that's work with him。

 interchangeability of teams and how he basically have built the RSD network。

 So Stuart thanks for coming and I look forward to just how many dive in and share some of your thoughts on these various topics Yeah gladla to be here。

Cool， well Stetut， let's first' talk about a little bit about you know what you do on a day to day basis and how that affects real social dynamics as a business overall Yeah。

 sure， so in terms of day to day， you know the work that I do these days。

 it ends up being a lot of meetings because we have people working remotely all over the world because we have instructors you know traveling you know with their staff all over the world。

 you know I generally start my day speaking to people from Europe and then slowly work my way back westerly you know talking to talking to different staff members。

Looking at the tasks and projects that we have lined up。

 we have a project management software and then also looking at different things like scheduling both for live programs。

 but also like you said， the logistics that go behind those live programs。 So event planning。

 venue prospecting and then just also air transportation hotels， things like that。

 So like any small business， everybody wears a lot of different hats and it's definitely been a learning process。

 over the years to figure out how to optimize you know running a small business like that were the structures and you know just having people working in different time zones all over the world there's challenges to that that you're not going to encounter in a traditional corporation in their MBA program at the University of Texas Austin。

 you learned a lot about the typical corporation and how people are managing their teams。

How do you think that real social dynamics manages things in a similar way and how do they manage things differently？

You know， I think in the。The similar way would be that。

 you know we just have a really strong company culture。

 you know there's plenty of fly by night internet operations when it comes to seminars or you know companies that teach education of how to improve your success with women or you know just kind of success in any endeavor and I think the sort of the core competency or at least the competitive advantage that we've been able to have over the years is we just have a really strong network of both guys and now women that really like working with each other they're really dedicated to the mission of the company and the core values that we stand for So I think you have to start there。

 I don't think you can build out you know if you don't have a strong culture is just going to create problems down the road now as far as where we're different again because we have people working all over the world we really have to go the extra mile to make sure。

We keep people engaged and we have them performing to a high standard。

 so we've had different systems and processes implemented as far as time tracking。

 we also hold weekly meetings with all of our instructor staff as well as with all our teams。

 our tech team， our travel team our sales team and we really try to promote as much communication as possible within the structure that we have so we use voiceOver IP systems we communicate on Skype。

 we use a lot of different cloudbased softwares to keep track of the work that we do and at least from 10 years ago when I started when we didn't have any of those things it's become a lot easier to create that and create a sustainable business like that today。

Yeah， I remember 10 years ago we were using Vo， but it was like Fte phones。

 Skype was not even created yet。 we were using Vo before there was Skype and I remember that back in the days there's so much less infrastructure that even I was making phone calls doing sales and answering that actual phone calls coming in as opposed to the various people that are doing the sales and you've transitioned from the sales to from realdynamics and see how that process change and you're still involved with that a lot because that was a lot of your previous roles。

 but when you're moving up organization and organization grows you have always people that were doing your previous roles how is that transition process of you being involved with like sales to managing sales to managing the sales plus other teams to being the COO hows that and how much of those previous roles responsibilities you continue to handle。

You know as far as that transition goes， I think it just comes down to good training and surrounding yourself you know sort of getting the right people on the bus so to speak so when we go to hire someone not only are we looking for you know do they have the qualifications and the relevant experience or you know have they had experience doing similar tasks before。

 but we also look for things like do they have a strong propensity for learning。

 do they have an attention to detail a lot of the work that we do as very detail oriented so that becomes that becomes important but also that they're gonna to be a good cultural fit you know do our personalities match not just in terms of myself or whoever's being looked at for a hire but also the rest of the team so one thing I've tried to do is whenever we go to hire someone you know they go through at least two or three or four rounds of interviews。

 you know between our recruiter and then between other members。

of the team that they're going to be working with and then finally to me。

 you know as I've I guess progressed in my career with RSD。

 that's really something I've tried to do to enable both buy in but also the people more involved these days a lot of the members of our sales team and some of our other teams they take ownership when it comes to training a new hire and mentoring them and sort of doing the same things that I've done with more seasoned team members。

 we try to。I guess continue that。In terms of trend and also just that's the culture that we have。

 we're always learning， we're always mentoring。 we're always looking for ways to do things better Now you're using all sorts of software now that is tracking the effectiveness of the people in the company I remember what we used to use something in Excel called GSR goal say activity reports Are you still using that to track metrics and goals and if not then what do you do to substitute that Yeah。

 so we actually still used that I've really expanded that I would say the last six months or so so within the sales team。

 we're tracking performance you know not just on on a weekly basis， but also a monthly basis。

You know we're looking at things like revenue generated per hour。

 we're looking at the total number of hours worked during a certain time horizon and having people have goals that are both challenging but also attainable and keeping them engaged that way So yeah that's something I know that you had promoted a few years ago and we've really expanded it the last couple years as in additional means you know to some of these other softwares and cloudbased platforms that you've mentioned you imagine that process among all the different teams or mostly just the sales team right now I'm mostly just doing it within the sales team it was really important for me when I started the CO role earlier this spring to optimize the sales team first just so I could stabilize our cash flow our incoming revenues before I would roll that out with other teams。

I plan to roll that out with the travel team， perhaps with the tech team later this year。

 maybe even the marketing team too， but I'm just taking it one step at a time thus far How much time did you used to spend say last year on sales teamwork versus today？

Boy， I， you know， I would say itd probably be。60 to 70%。

 if you would have asked me a year ago these days， is' probably。It's probably more like 30 or 40%。

So like I said before， I've really tried to optimize that team because they're so intimately involved with generating cash flow and。

 you know， just immediate results in terms of gross sales for the company。

 That was something that was definitely important for me to do before moving on to other teams。 Sure。

 I'm curious also to get to an outside perspective how do you view the work that you do with T and the work that you do with me and how many the communication processes and the teamwork work together with all the people that are like in chief positions like working with Mihail from chief marketing or you know working with all the various managers throughout this company。

Yeah， so as I've progressed in my career and especially the last couple of years as I've grown into more senior management roles。

 I've really seen the value of being able to have face to face contact with people as much as possible and now we meet up at our World Summit in Las Vegas every August。

 same thing with Miami Winter Smit every February but what we started doing recently is also having monthly board meetings out in Los Angeles so Tyler yourself。

 Michaelil and occasionally some other individuals too will join us out at those meetings and we're usually out there for four or five days at a time and yeah there's just there's so much more that can be accomplished face to face with people and you know trying to rely on doing things remotely all the time so that's been incredibly useful the last few months and I'm looking forward to that continuing。

We started the process of doing these board meetings about 10 years ago and back then we started off with Skyping you in and then we started doing it where it was just monthly。

 but it was just people that were in Los Angeles and then we went to the point where it was tracking our keyhorns ins ran advisors。

 for example， we would have people from other companies like Tony Shaer we come to a board meeting where we'd have Rob Haro from Bizzard come to a board meeting and Guja from Deloitte。

 we'd come to a board meeting and we'd all just share ideas and then we wanted to tighten it up because we' like the idea of having such critical information shared in board meetings and having that just leak out。

 especially when under tragedy involved I know that a lot of the things that I was thinking about was potential of even sharing some of the content from board meetings that are not necessarily proprietary just to see how we operate potentially just a video and putting it out on my YouTube channel and eventually going into the business line of teaching infield business programs kind of like how we do that with infield RC boot camp programs。

And we kind of have done some field test with that and you've noticed that like in the last couple of years we've transitioned from jet matchesches doing dating and pickup where we started doing partnerships with guys like Brandon Carter for Health and Fitness and getting guys who are doing some business stuff and partnering with them and marketing their stuff at Summit like Bill Walsh and going more into that route。

 how do you see real social dynamics changing as this starts to happen？

You know I guess the way that I view it is all of these verticals that you've described。

 whether it's health， wealth， you know fitness things， you know self-actualization。

 they're all interrelated into becoming the best version of yourself so the more that we can open up those verticals and and tie them together whether it's through affiliates or you know like you creating you know business education content I think all that you know is going to be very lucrative because it also it expands the audience。

 you know you have your core competencies， you have you know the market problem you're solving in this case。

 guys wanting to improve their success with women but I think it's also fair to say that you know a guy that wants to improve his success with women that's not an isolated and isolated endeavor there。

 you know probably he wants to improve his career probably he wants to improve his social circle。

And probably he wants to improve his fitness and all of those things are interrelated。

 so the more that we can get other thought leaders and experts and people that are。

 you leaders in their field related to those verticals， you know。

 I think it's going to be very mutually beneficial both for us and for them and for any prospective clients as well as our own。

How you being somebody who's kind of deep into real social dynamicss knowledge and how have you take into skill sets that you've learned from real social dynamics and apply it to your business life？

You know I've always thought about that because I mean I have a girlfriend now I've had other girlfriends in the past。

 I've always I've had times in my life where I've been single before too。

 but you know I think my career trajectory and you certainly my decision to go to business grad school。

 was inspired by my experiences at RSD， being able to improve my confidence not just with women but also in other areas of my life。

 I think really gave me I guess the foundation but also the footing to to ascend both in my career but also you know going to a top 20 business school。

 being able to go into other businesses while I was in school and consult with them and just really building the knowledge and confidence to be able to do that and I think that's really especially helped。

My ability to be a leader to be able to mentor other people。

 to get buy in from people that I manage and really be successful in that way and so you know I think if I would have。

IfI would have gone and worked for a Fortune 500 or a Fortune 1000 company where there's just not as much upward trajectory or mobility。

 I don't know if I would have gone to grad school， I don't know if I'd be in a CO role at another company these days。

You have to work with pretty much every aspect of all these interchangeable teams。

 How do you see the various teams in our company working together well and how do you see that process changing for good and bad as we start breaking the corporate governance or social Davis into subsidiaries under each instructor。

 Yeah， I mean， it's a challenge because you have you have quite a few people working remotely。

 you have people that are inherently working remotely because they're traveling all the time if they're helping instructors out with live programs you know one of the things that I'd like to see know in the months or maybe years coming down the road is to have a more centralized office or maybe even a couple centralized offices。

 whether it's Vegas or Los Angeles or Chicago or maybe somewhere over in Europe where going back to what I was saying earlier about the Ris that we're getting on face to face board meetings monthly now。

 being able to get。Similar face to face Roi on people being able to work together out of a centralized office。

 And I think previously in our business， you know， we've always just drawn very， very lean。

 So we haven't been as concerned about having that kind of infrastructure。

 but I think we're at getting to a pivotal point now where really to grow as a business and grow as a company those infrastructures are going to become more important。

It's interesting that she mentioned Chicago， where are you thinking about that？

Yeah well Chicago was the first place I went after high school。

 I also spent some time there a few years ago， one of our instructors。

 Derek is based out of there and he was actually one of the people that mentored me into getting my MBA from his experiences out there so him and I have a very strong personal relationship but also。

Enjoyment and love for business acumen and looking at things from a strategic perspective。 So yeah。

 I could see myself perhaps moving to Chicago later on down the road。

Tyer and I have run all sorts of ideas about what we can do for geotargeting or。

Kind of mobilizing our offices， whether it was originally going to be just mobile to then getting houses original idea back 2005 was we were gonna to get different houses different cities and make them kind of like office centers。

 but then the experience that I had in Boston where I had a separate house in separate office that kind of got me into the office space ideas So started experimenting with Regis。

 And then I started talking to Tyler about another idea which was a possibility even getting warehouse spaces that we can use for both seminar and office space。

 and we started touring out various offices in LA。 it's going be interesting how like our vision changes for the company and how it shifts into the requirement of space because I guess I never really thought there's as much value in space。

 everyone accomplish their job remotely But then I started talking to Tony Shea about what he calls return on collisions or return on community where people just randomly innovate ideas when they're together。

 for example， by me hanging out。Tower over the phone for an hour and it's completely different than him just hanging out with me over dinner and that one dinner might lead to us hanging out at the mansion in the hills or going tour some offices and mean with other people but these ideas just brainstorm and they come up in a2 different way where socializing suppose youre in a phone call when you're kind of gone through your agenda just disappears Now I've seen success in people who managened remote teams we've down a def and I've seen Southwest do it for sales team members where people have been stay at home mothers doing customer service phone calls for Southwest。

And I guess I'm curious about how you view our remote teams。

 the transition into these physical offices， and how much that importance is versus requiring it。

Yeah， I mean， I think you really have to sell people on the value of it。

 you know we've had a culture for a long time now where people can work remotely and that's you know that's been understood and that's just been the way that it always is I think to get people on board with that you got to do a couple of different things one is you know you have to sell people on it and then I think the other thing you have to do is you have to start hiring people out of those centralized locations So it can't be enough just to you know have people move to a centralized location because you know not everybody is going to be interested in that but you have to also start building it from the ground up so having new hires be based out of those centralized locations demonstrating the value that occurs by having people in those centralized locations for the people that are still working remotely and then just eventually you know building those teams up bigger and bigger。

Those locations， so I don't think it's going to be an overnight process and certainly not when people have been working remotely for a long time。

 but especially from what I've observed you know， attending board meetings in Los Angeles the last few months。

 I can definitely see that that's the right direction to go。

Now in terms of the teams that are in real social generic。

 youve had your hands in a bunch of them and I'm curious to hear what processes and ways of making sure that these teams are built to be effective。

 how do you see teams step by step growing from scratch。

 becoming effective teams and then maintain them at a high level？

Yeah so I think there's a few different things。 One is going back to what I said earlier about getting the right people on the bus so you have to have people that are a good culture fit for what you're trying to create they also have to have the requisite qualifications to be able to perform effectively but I think you also need diversity of thought so you can't have people from you know that went to the same school or have the exact same background or resume you know I think you to your point about innovation earlier I think when you when you have that diversity of thought。

 especially across a team that're really going to push each other to think outside the box or bring new ideas to the table or look at things differently than maybe how they've been looked at before so I think that's key and then I think the final thing is just setting performance standards and holding people accountable to those and that doesn't just have to be a top-down management thing。

That can be everybody on the team holding each other accountable so one thing that I've tried to do particularly within our sales team is we have a weekly meeting every Monday and the person that facilitates that meeting or leads that meeting rotates on a weekly basis so it's not just myself or a sales manager leading that meeting everybody gets an opportunity to lead that meeting on a rotational basis and I think it accomplishes a couple things one it forces people to you know pay attention on a conference call they might otherwise be prone to tuning out on and then secondly it keeps them engaged and you know gives them the opportunity to demonstrate their skills and a leadership role which I think becomes very important especially if you're looking at doing promotions or giving people compensation increases you want to see what their leadership skills are。

You know， as much as possible。And now in terms of what you're talking about。

 about getting people in the right seats on the bus or right people on the bus。

 we've done a very big change in terms of like hiring。

 you know I remember we used to do what I call antitop ring we kind of give everyone a shot and then we started filtering it to like more exclusivelu interns and then we started offering people who could be get internned a chance to getting them a payroll and。

Now we're also getting people now brought in from the very beginning into sea level positions。

 more like executive recruiting from other companies like Michaelil。

 so I guess I was curious to get your feedback on these various different methods of hiring and whether or not that's something that is just a transition to change or whether all these methods could be effective。

You know I think all those methods can be effective depending on the context。

 depending on the role or position， you know， depending on what the function is or who the team is。

 you know for a long time， like you said， we did the top grading method where you everybody was kind of given a shot to prove themselves。

 you know these days I think from a training perspective。

 it gets a little laborist to have to train people over and over again where there might be higher turnover under a system like that。

 And so yeah， like the way that I hire on at least within the sales team the last year or so as we。

We look at。You know， several rounds of interviews so that'll start with our recruiter who is outside the team and then sheul vetette a handful of candidates and then send them over to us and then will schedule usually like two on one or three on one interviews with various members of the team and then will do some kind of quantitative analysis as far as you know who makes it to the next round so everybody that's on the team gets a voice in that process and then we usually do one or two final round interviews with myself or maybe some other senior members of the team and and that's worked very well for us now you look at someone like Michaelel who's come into a CMO type of role you know that's probably not going to be a good process for that role or that position so I wasn't involved with a hiring process of him but I know he spent a lot of time around Owen I think he。

Maybe even did some shortterm projects for us in terms of courses earlier in the year。

 and so I think we got a chance to work with him without making a big CMO hiring decision at that time so in some ways I think his hiring process was almost similar to an internship obviously he was being compensated so it wasn't a non-paid internship but I think doing things in a parttime capacity or without a huge commitment like that might be a good blueprint going forward for other senior types of roles。

Yeah I've been also thinking about the needs and roles and responsibilities as a growing company change happens very fast。

 So whereby we might have somebody who's an instructor assistant manager。

 we might want to relocate him to say be a manager of volunteers potentially know I also remember we used to also have interns manage volunteers and basically the volunteer program has dramatically changed over time the travel team then started managing the volunteers and now I think the travel team has done a lot less of that because they're focused so much on the massive amount of travel because now instead instead just fly instructors they have instructors plus their entourages and that's been a huge shift in terms of how he manages process one of the debates that we've been talking to own and about has been a lot of the logistics and requirement for getting more interns。

 more volunteers involved。Because so much of our company has historically relied on free labor。

 I was curious about how you see that working in the future。Yeah， I mean。

 I think at the end of the day， you have to have someone。

 whether it's at a live program on site or you know whatever the context is。

 you have to have at least one person there that's taking ownership and being the leader in that situation so you know if。

If we。Having assistance or volunteers or interns， helping facilitate programs or doing other volunteer work for us。

 that's fine， but you still need a strong leadership person in there to make sure they're also held accountable。

 but they're also rewarded for that time and for that work， so it can't just be one way or the other。

's I think it's。It's a little bit more of a delicate line to walk from a management perspective anyway。

Yeah， the perks that we gave people that were saved。

Working for for free and as an intern volunteer or VB hosts was usually looking at how much time they were putting in。

 And if it was during a live program， they would definitely get the value from learning from the live program。

 which is a full high qualityality content。 And then if they were not。 They were working remotely。

 we would try to get the matches of those live programs。

 But after putting in extra amount of time or give them digital productss and stuff like that。

 Some of them would even pay。 we asked that some guys used to pay as VB hosts。

 And that was an interesting way to subsidize it。 It was kind of getting a discount program。

 But they lost some of the benefits of actually learning just as a student， they would just。

The observers and yeah。Yeah， I always thought that was an interesting phenomenon because I remember when I first rolled out the VIP volunteer program in a lot of cases it was almost a process of reengagement。

 so for example， we might have had a boot camp student who took a program with us in 2006 or 007 fast forward to 2010 or 2011 we haven't heard from him and three or four years。

 maybe he was in a relationship for a few years but he recently became single again and we gave him an opportunity to be a VIP host and sit in on a boot camp for you know whatever 40 cents on the dollar or something and what was cool about that is one you get the person reengaged so they probably wouldn't have thought of us had we not reached out to them but then they see how the programs evolved over time since they took it。

 they end up coming to a Vegas summit or a winter summit and you know they're back in the Eco。

System now， whereas had that opportunity not occurred， they might not be。

 So I always thought that was an interesting way to promote reengment。

 at least amongst our customers。Yeah， I think that it's not just viewing the people that are customers as customers。

 but it's kind of like a way of taking customers， having them work for you now viewing the people who work for you as customers and treating them as such with that high level of service。

 It's something that was brought to my attention to an interview I did recently with Tn Poy。

 he's my professor at USC's MBA program that I really stayed in touch with the most and his companies really just like I think maybe two years older than ours。

 but they do a few billion dollars a year in revenue， selling institutional servers like Ingram Mi。

And they used do a lot more money。Then like most of their competitors and their kind of rivals the thing grow Mi。

But he was saying that when he looks at his teams and his hiring process and staff。

 he looks at all of them just like how you market to your customers。

 he markets to his staff and just how you try to have a higher value and higher quality content to your customers you' trying to add a higher quality work culture and corporate culture to his staff and what he does for his staff is that he does everything from vacations。

 retreats at his house， vacations or team building but also sometimes for fun。

 he creates like a fun culture who will give them like lunches at his offices wholl have them network with each other who'll have educational programs and it's all these kind of little things that you do when you're just like train people。

 but you're kind of doing that facilitating the process of learning and educating and make sure teams have that entrepreneurial spirit。

And I guess we we've always been trying to do more and more of that。

 I remember we even have a newsletter。 we' were trying to have people share corporate culture stories like Tony shaded for Apples University。

 And I would love to hear your ideas and thoughts about how you see us。

In terms of our corporate culture， in terms of treating our employee team， the contractors。

 the instructors， the vendors， all the people who work for us。

 how similar we do that to treating our customers and how we treat our customers differently。Yeah。

 I mean， I think it all comes down to adding value。

 So you know one thing that I enjoy doing if Im if I'm meeting up with someone that I work with face to face。

 you know， as I tried to spend time with them outside of just talking about work。

 So I remember several years ago， you and I went to a Dodger baseball game where we just SAT there and chatted and had a good time。

 but it was never about work， it was just about you know being able to connect personally like that so that when we do go back to work。

 you know those bonds were stronger and。You know， the relationship is a lot stronger because of it。

 I've tried to do the same thing with some of the members on my team or you know meeting up with other people。

 Vegas Smit， I know Mario or social media manager， I met up with in Hong Kong about a year and a half ago and just taking every opportunity like that to connect with people and to your point about you know almost viewing it not so much as a customer relationship but just as a way to continually add value。

 I think that's a really good frame to come from both from an internal standpoint but also externally to。

Yeah， I've always find it interesting when you work with people for years and you meet up with them in person like Mario。

 in fact， I met up with him about a year ago， a year and a half ago as well in Hong Kong。

And I was after working with him for a good three years before that， too。

 I remember meeting up with our guy AJ， who was our old chief technology officer after working with him for three years as well。

 I guess it's interesting to see like how the gaps have changed also because we used to have a much more developed internal IT team and the HR team was trying to develop as well。

 but it's more like a person that's doing HR plus something else as opposed to back in the day of the guy named Toy was doing solely HR。

 do see there's things that we used to do that you'd like to see we implemented in our company that worked well。

You know， I remember when I first started， I know the instructors and occasionally some of our other people that work for us would go on what we would call executive retreats。

 so I know there was one in Italy， I think there might have been one in the south of France。

 I think there might have even been one in Aspen one year。

 I think we accomplished some of the things we got from those types of interactions at our summit events each year and those are annual but yeah I know Tyler's talked recently about bringing those types of events back where you know maybe we go to Austin for South by Southwest or you know we go to Burn Man or other types of events where we can all just hang out relax。

Somewhere where there's some kind of event or other fun thing going on that we can all bond around。

 but yeah， I think those。That would be a good thing to bring back。

 you know maybe building out some more the HR functions like you were talking about like we used to do with ToL。

 we're probably at the phase in our company where it might make sense to do that again and do things like performance appraisal and annual reviews and giving people more feedback。

You know， again， to promote the engagement aspect of things。

Tyler always talks about his vision to make an impact on a mass amount of people and grow RSD to eventually become a $200 million business。

 and a lot of my vision has been on the operational efficiencies so that we would have that ratio of growth。

Growing fast。 But at the same time， making it so that we're not growing our expenses。

Just as fast as our revenues that our profits may grow a little bit faster。

 kind like a clus control problem。 How do you see the process of slimming fats or growing。

 but growing in terms of a budgetary way that manages the effectiveness of our growth in a responsible ways that could accomplish that goal without crushing ourselves。

 I remember in the recession times we had the growth kind of unmanned。

 we weren't sure we were kind of fickle And in this situation that we are now。

 or' growing just as fast about faster than we were back then？

 So I'd be curious about what you could see happen in place in terms of accountability systems to help manage a company that fast growth period。

Yeah， it's an interesting question。 I think a couple things。

 One is that you know I think at our very core we are a service business。

 so while we have online courses and things like that。

 I mean we've always primarily been a live program company so if you think about you the analogous business would maybe be like a consulting firm or something like that。

 it's a service business that only grows as as you add more people to it versus you know something like a cloudbased software technology where after a certain point。

 there's zero variable cost and you can just scale infinite like you know maybe a company like WhatsApp did or box co or something like that。

 And so I think for our type of business being a servicebased business you really have to just look at I think where every last dollar is being spent。

 I as we hire people we probably need to be a bit more descriptive。

or articulate about what roles and responsibilities we're expecting from people。

 how we're going to hold them accountable to that and just using every resource out there。

 whether it's the best practice or interoperable cloudbased software， project management。

 customer service， sales， all of those different functions of our business and really optimizing those where it makes it easy for people to do their job and it makes it more effective for people to do their job。

 and I think if we do those things， we can really tighten things up。

Position ourselves well for that next growth phase like you're talking about。

In terms of that next growth phase， I see a lot of things changing in terms of like roles or responsibilities。

 the reason why is because although there's core functions that we will never get rid of like sales。

 for example。There's always also。Things that kind of change， for example。

 will have a situation where one guy who is really into say creating a certain kind of marketing like which he's doing sales letters。

 we had a guy whose sole job was creating sales letter。And he was a guy from Scotland。

 and he was traveling around the Robochey。We start realizing that that one job in of itself。

Although it was important and we still need it today。

 it wasn't something that we could support on a fulltime level。

 And if you look at it or eventually we got rid of him because the other way need that job。

 we just could' have reported out who only do that。

 then we have a situation as of today where you have a guy like Mchail， who yeah。

 he's in charge of the sales letter。 but also in charge of the video sales letter。

 making sure that the videos are doing marketing， creating the commercials for them and making sure the features of benefit are advertising there and also making sure that the instructors are working with power and a congruent marketing plan managing the marketing schedule。

 Now something like that is a little bit easier to justify because you're taking one guy's job and combining with potentially five other guyss previous jobs into one position。

Now。How do you see that happening internally within our company today and just shuffling of roles。

 do you see a situation where we have to termminate people that are just doing one job or can you see imagine a world where you take their jobs and just turning them into a guy like MiK who's managing multiple functions and we can justify their income and pay？

Yeah， I mean， it's a， it's a tough road to ho。 I mean， I think again。

 it just comes down to clearly defining what the roles and responsibilities are， you know。

 having transparency and disclosure with that and just looking at where every last dollar is spent。

 know， are we get in an Ri on this dollar versus。Versus that dollar， you know。

 are there similarities with。Some specific tasks and duties that makes sense to roll into you know someone else's role。

 you know if there's a similar core competency there。

 So you know I don't think there's any clear answer to that I think you just have to sit down and look at things case by case and figure out one is this a crucial task or responsibility you know maybe it's not like as crucial as sales。

 but you know certainly something like travel and logistics。

 that is something that is crucial that is something that we have to have a high level of performance and reliability with now at the same time。

 you know there's plenty of things like that。 you know that can be subcontracted or you you can use that technology to replace some of the functionality for those roles。

 So for example there's plenty of payroll softwares， I think like ABP you can outsource。

Certain technology or programming or coding via Odesk and other platforms。

 and same thing with same thing with travel。 you know， you can。

 you can get a travel agent from a corporate standpoint to go in there and do that。 So， you know。

 there's just a lot of different things you can do。 So I think it just comes down to。you know。

 examining the roles and responsibilities， you know， seeing how crucial they are。

 can they be outsourced if they can， you know or is there going to be some variability in the quality of the performance that we get and taking things from there。

 but yeah， I think it's very dependent on what the position is and you know what's the ROI or how crucial is that role or task or responsibility。

YeahI've been looking a lot about also our vendors in our relationship with vendors in the same manner。

 for example， we are using a corporate disc company for a lot of our shipping because we just don't want to ship out the few things that we ship out to be ourselves。

At the same time， they charge us a big market now for shipping because we don't produce DVDvs with them anymore。

 I' also been looking at our corporate travel company。

 which is a company that we use on an enterprise level via concur and Gant and。

The agenciesg that were for Deai， we hired them and we were originally going to have our guys both travel to these various agents and instead we are now working on a much more personal level but on a more expensive level with a whole travel team and as a result we're kind of double paying both that and the enterprise great software and I was thinking about whether we should cut that off as well and also now we're also working on working with partners that are doing private label travel that we could get more commissions off of。

 but they might not always be。What we're looking at because we've always done things a certain way and I guess just really understanding deeply is exactly with the roles and responsibilities。

 what people are doing is something that was close to micromanage。

 but also found a lot of inefficiencies when I was doing a lot of the COO stuff。啊。

And that's something that I would love to see us get deeper into and potentially even have a team of people that are checking these efficiencies in terms of operations。

 where you understand people's jobs or even if you do doing that yourself。

 and I was curious about how you could see yourself doing that because we are on the same page in terms of a lot of Ethereum。

 is curious about what the practices are going to be to really optimize RSD。Yeah， I mean。

 I think the key phrase in everything you just said there is you know that's the way things have always been done whenever I hear that I shut her a little on the inside because you know that' it's that kind of thinking that can lead to a company losing its competitive advantage or thinking they're still being competitive when you as every passes they don't you know I think about a company like Dell after they run from。

 I guess the early 90s to the early 2000s， I think about a lot of other PC manufacturers in the 80s。

 90s who were killing it then， but you know really got。You know。

 put in their place by Apple and certainly other technology companies too， so yeah， I mean。

 especially the last six months coming into the COO role。

 Ive tried to think outside the box and try to think of different ways to do things， you。

 that are just a little more cutting edge， you know put us in a place where it makes things easier for people to do their work you know whether it's。

A CRM software or integrating complex disparate systems together like our project management software or other cloudbased platforms that we use and and just figuring out where are those efficiencies that we can free up time or manpower to be able to reallocate resources towards things that have a much higher ROi So yeah。

 I mean it's something I'm constantly thinking about I've always been kind of inefficiency nerd when it comes to things like that。

 like how do you speed up the turnover of a sales phone call or how do you click through different trouble tickets or support tickets and answer those as fast as possible。

 how do you use templates and macros and other plugins that really automate email responses or customer service inquiries？

Like that。Well， what of the things I want to do to kind of sum up the conversation？

Is do a little exercise that Tony Shey does to me sporadities throughout the year， which is。

 So ask me one question， which is， what's the most important thing that is going on in my business that。

I believe that I need help with。So you're asking that question to me is that so I guess I'm asking a question to you to do that exercise right now。

Okay， let's repeat the question and for my benefit here。 Sure。

 what's the most important thing that's going on in our business that you think that we need help with。

I'd say corporate finance， corporate governance。And。

You know I think we're doing really well in the marketing and then content creation now。

 especially with guys like Michaelhail and Owens hired a number of people around himself recently。

 but yeah， I think sort of these like backend。traraditional sort of like boring functions of business。

 you know that stuff isn't as sexy， but that's really the stuff that I think can position a company well。

 not just for profitability， but also also growth。 and I think our business in particular。

 we've just been so quality and content driven for much of our history you know we just haven't focused on kind of those more mundane or boring aspects of a business。

 whether it's corporate finance or，Manaageial accounting or looking at things operationally。

 you know， that's that's not the second stuff， but that's the stuff that really。

Gives the business solid footing from which to grow and be sustainable over the long term。Yeah。

 I totally agree with that。 I think that a lot of the corporate governance stuff is going to be coming through our meetings with Tower and then finalizing all the paperwork we need to kind of like get everyone on the same page and terms to operating agreements and then needing that process and systems and mission and vision with the right meetings and making sure things work in place corporate finance is something that I've been focusing on as like a solo individual so much。

 I try to get people to help us with bookkeeping like Leon and our control Mike to kind of help with that。

 but a lot of that I think comes from looking at things from a holistic standpoint。

 and most of them are just looking at just the numbers。

I've been talking to guys from EO like for several years and most recently with a guy from my Boston For in our Boston forum。

 there's a guy who had a really good cash flow statement where he's looking at all our numbers and his numbers are a little bit different because it was almost like he had 10 categories and numbers and they're always the same every time and our numbers and expenses and revenues and all that are way higher so it's a little bit more complex。

 but he had a way where he could basically predict。

His cash flows based upon the numbers that he's had historically and what he expected numbers to be in the future and try to do it with a degree of accuracy of like 5 to 15% and if we could continue to do something like that that would be amazing and I have a bunch of number charts that he does。

But you know， these are very unique issues to us。 And I think that。

I think that it's definitely something kind of cool to see like behind the scenes in this company and share that with our guys。

 but yeah stwart， thanks for the interview， this has been interesting insights。You're welcome。

 Nick my pleasure， cool， cheers。