# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：8采取大规模行动_08. Taking Massive Action【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A core belief of mine is that you must take massive action when you're going for something。

 go all the way， never give up and take。You know， the goal as the only place that you're going to stop。

And a lot of people will kind of like delay taking action because they're concerned that their action may result in upsetting other people。

I know that， for example， when I was a teenager， I wanted to run for state Senate。

And I had a political campaign manager who told me， well。

 I think you should just go first and ask questions later if you have an issue that comes up we'll be ready for it and so I did it。

And I ran for the office and I didn't win， but I had an awesome experience。

I think that just taking action， give those reference experiences that you need and just doing it right away。

 a lot of people will delay， they'll think very carefully about what actions they want to take。

 And sometimes especially a mission， crucial， very important highly sensitive issues。

 especially issues that will have a massive lifechan effect on you that's true。

 but most situations aren't like that。 Most situations or situations where you'll just learn from。

 like picking up a girl and you might go， oh my God isn't the girl I want to marry， I see her。

 she's beautiful I what have you。 but it doesn't work like that。

 I'm more talking about those situations where it relates more to money or business and those things that require very careful。

 cognitiveognizant tactical approaches of things。😊，But。

I really think that when you're looking at things， look at things that you were thinking about doing and ask yourself。

If you have that question in your mind， should I do it or not， because usually the answer。

 even if you have that question in your mind is yes， you should do it。

 this the fact that you're asking yourself that question means you don't know the answer and if you don't know the answer to that question usually means you better find out the answer and if you don't do anything。

 you're not going know the answer for the next time。As a result。

 taking massive action should be your default state unless you have very strong advice not to take massive action because we're talking about taking action in a very general sense。

 but there's definitely particular things where it is the wrong move。

 but usually it's the right move。If you don't know what would happen。

 you have to find out the reason why is because if you don't， that's fear of the unknown。

 well still you present there because usually trying to decide whether you take action or not is based on the fear of the unknown now if it's not taking action not because of fear but because of knowledge that you know that taking that action will definitely lead to something bad。

 then don't take action。But it's more about me trying to say that taking massive action。

 especially in social situations and socializing and picking up girls。

 and also especially in business。It's that no regrets will happen if you try。

At least most of the time， if you try， you try well to the best of your abilities， I mean。

 you could try， you could try poorly in and you fail。But if you try， you try poorly。

 but you did it to the best of your abilities， that。It'sStill cool。

 It's still something that just shows that you needed to refine your skill sets。

Especially if you could do it again because I know that you'll be surprised how often。

 even if it's just about people， let's say you're networking with people。

You'll be surprised how often you could meet somebody and they don't even remember another time meeting。

 I know that there's a person I've met in the business world who's a really important publisher in Los Angeles。

 I've met this person maybe twice a year in the last 10 years and that person still doesn't even remember my name。

It's crazy， maybe that's my fault， maybe not memorable enough。

 my friends and I were joking about that。Don't be afraid of losing that opportunity to make a first impression。

 There will be a chance to do it again， unless you do things really， really badly。

 especially with really important people who need a lot of people， because， you know。

 their short termm memory is probably not that large。 I know for myself。

 my short termm memory in terms of things that are not the top of my to do this or people who are not like massively essential my life just just appears。

 it probably lasts a few days。 if that you know， definitely doesn't last that long。But。

Massive regrets happen if you don't take action。All the times where I'm trying to imagine what would have happened if I did that。

 it haunts me， it's a nightmare， I think about it in my dreams。

 these are the things that you don't want to have to deal with。

These are the things that will haunt you even on your deathbed。all the things that you wish you knew。

 all the things you wish you could have learned if you did it。

 things that you could only learn from coming to the field because you have the emotional responses in the field experience。

 reference experience and intellectual actual knowledge and autolo body responses to deal with these things。

 these are just things that you only get from taking action。

 taking action now taking action as soon as you can。The other thing that I like to do。

 and this is a phrase I often say even on the golf course。

 you're trying to make a difficult shot is go for glory。Always。

you see those difficult shots that youre like， okay， I don't know if I could do this， go for it。

 you'll be surprised how easy it is sometimes to accomplish your goals when you go for it and that glory will usually result in a lot more fruits of labor than anything else。

So always go for the win， always go for the goal。And never give up。The key to assessed， though。

 is speed of execution。A lot of people will delay whether it's a business idea， delay。

 starting a new career， delay going and getting that education and signing up。

That is the people that fail。The people that kind of dilly doally。

 they think that one day they're going to do something。 Just do it。 Life is way too short。

And although。Most CEOs have this same kind of environment of you have to do it because you're for some time pressures。

 create those time pressures on yourself just knowing that life is short。Just knowing that。

There's only a few years of life left for most people and if you follow some people's advice。

 they talk about live every day as if you last， I don't think you necessarily have to do that。

 but just know that memories are your most valuable thing， otherwise you have nothing。

YouI look at my photo albums， I've created on Sterfly for myself and those people that are really important to me。

 and those things that are most memorable are just those memories of those creative adventures and things that I did right I took a risk。

And I went through it， and I went through it and I had a great time。Now。

You will lose at first when you take massive action on things that you don't necessarily have a good skill set at。

 especially in social settings， but enjoy the rejection lessons just as much as the successes。

I know when I was first doing a Co approach pickup， I would experiment with the craziest things。

 my pickup days， I was doing the most ridiculous things， but it wasn't about。😊。

The way that I got a negative response， because I got a ton of negative responses from some of the crazy things I was doing。

 It was the fact that I could laugh it off。 And I was like， wow。

 I didn't know I get a response exactly like that。 I thought I'd be negative。

 but it wasn't be like that。 Or wow， I can't believe I got a positive response from that because I would try one response from the exact same thing for one girl。

😊，It be positive and the almost exact same thing that would do if a different girl would be positive。

It was just really interesting to see that social dynamic and that social experiment and seeing the results of that it's like having a hypothesis putting the test and then seeing the results of your experiment and then tracking that and writing it down in the field report on RSCNation。

com we have fieldport section just so people could do that they could track that progress。

 kind of like their own journal， in fact people even call journals and they track their progress there just look at use it as reference。

I did the exact same thing back in the day I was doing both discussion boards or in a word document。

 tracking my progress was exactly what I said what I did tinkering with a little bit。

 changing it and then just tracking it was it was a fun thing to do。

It was something I also thought was really cool to look back because that was all part of the memories。

 all part of the stories， all part of the adventures， things they could look back and say wow。

 I did that。 that's interesting。 and that's I also love hanging out with my good old friends from the old pickup days because I could remember when we used to take massive action together it's always great to take action but it's even better to do it with friends。

 people you care about and now I could go back and hang out with these guys and we'll make jokes about these pickup days and the things that we were doing was so popular even really successful people that I didn't even really know that we were reading our field reports and actually copying us and then we would share stories from our pickup days that we didn't even share in common but because they were doing similar things to us and I thought that was a really interesting way of how I was able to network with people that were really addicted to that process of pickup because for some pickup is not just a process of self-development。

 It's actually addiction to that adventure and excitement and adrenaline rush。😊。

That keeps people excited。All from this taking a massive action。 but it inspires you。

 inspires your creativity inspires out of the box， taking it gives you the confidence that you could have。

 and it didn't just affect how I interacted with the world in terms of pickup。

 interacted with the world in terms of business， my social settings in terms of confidence。

 I felt like I could understand how better to people in pretty much every kind of situation all because I took massive action and I did again and again and again through thousands and thousands and thousands of reference experiences。

 that Ter and I when I first got involved with it， we did a0 day challenge where we went out every day for three years。

 Some people do 30 day challenges。 This is a kind of like addictive spirit that we had that kind of got people addicted into this by my own company because we shared that enthusiasm and we took massive action。

 That is the extreme of massive action。😊。