# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：06.RSD的幕后工作_06. Behind the Scenes of RSD：09.RSD的职位_09. Jobs Within RSD【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

To reveal behind the curtain of what RSD is structured like in terms of all the jobs， roles。

 responsibilities， we really just have 10 simple teams of people that are working together。

The first is the team that most of our customers are familiar with。

 it's our sales team because they're also the people that are joining customer service on the phone and when you send us an email to support towhesorsams。

com， these are the people who get the emails through the ticket system and they respond to your questions and make sure that you're taken care of they're also the people that you might see in the back tables of our live events like the RSD free tour。

 the people that are collecting the money passing up the order forms and processing your credit card orders。

There are people that also will deal with any requests if you have an issue with their product and you need to get a certain bonus or a certain access to a membership site like you bought one of our digital products from the RC N Store。

They're friendly people， people that if you put down a deposit for a boot camp will help you schedule and choose your instructor and they're not just sales guys they're kind of customer service people。

 they're so welltrained well versed in our programs。

 most of them have gone through many many boot camps and we even had a time where even made them kind of like consultants or concierge coaches where they followed up with our students after the program and we want to talk basic levels of game to them and share ideas with them。

Really cool guys， guys who probably have had interchangeable positions throughout the company as well。

 they work very closely with our marketing team。Marketing is the people who create the creatives。

 the website design， the graphics， the banners， the creative ads。

 and all the fun things that are related to attracting you to the RSD programs。

 whether it's our video sales that are changing the way we do our videos to make them more catchy。

 captivating your imagination， and talking about how the features of the program， what they are。

 like this is a booting about step by step on how to pick up girls live in field or this is a hot seat seminar full day of infield videos through hidden cameras that are going to have a instructor breakdown with interactive exercises what you should and shouldn't do when you pick up girls。

We're going to talk about how these features of programs will benefit you in terms of like。

 now that you've gone through this program， it's going to help you so that you can。

Pick up girls more successfully， have better sense of humor， have better body language。

 know exactly what you need to do so you're more likely to gain assess。

 how the benefits will take your game to the next level。

 how you will take advantage of the programs that we're teaching。

coveying these messages in terms of sales and marketing are the basic premises to also our next group of people。

 which are the instructors， our instructors have to know sales and marketing way well in addition to picking up girls and theyre continually trained on these things well bring in world class speakers like platform speakers who teach public speaking。

 will bring in guys who are focused experts in internet marketing or experts in marketing in general。

But these are the guys who are cring the content theyre the celebrities you see in our YouTube channels。

Like RSD， Tyler or whatever， and they're conveying the message to you live face to face。

 or the guz or what we call the executive coaches。We also have the coaches that are teaching like in Vegas Mer。

 but they're not the instructors you're more the people that who be your wingman and help you out。

All these guys are trained on field skills so they can transfer field skills to you。

Then we have the video production team， these are people that travel with the instructors and record them every day whenever an instructor goes out。

 he's supposed to have a video camera crew with him。That way。

 we have thousands of hours of footage to go through。

 It's like being on a reality show all year round， you have your video camera crew with you all year round。

1，2，3，4， maybe even five cameras following you around。😊，And it records you in field。

 it records your seminars， records you just traveling around the world going in different cities and sharing your stories。

 edit it， cut it， turn into the YouTube videos， promotionalquips。

 and then digital products that we were able to share with you guys though that you guys have an organized educational curriculum now is well prepared so that you don't waste your time just sorting through master amounts of free videos out there。

 which have mass amounts of value， but it isn't organized to cover particular topic of your interest。

But it takes a lot of management so as a result， we also have what we call the instructor assistants which are managed by an instructor assistant management team These are people who follow up with the assistance of the instructors which includes the camera guys。

 the video guys， marketing guys， editing guys but regardless the guys who travel around the world with our instructors as power or entourage living in apartments and houses going from city to city and living this crazy life so that we can make sure that they're doing their job and the instructors have all the resources they need。

 maybe they need more assistance with travel， maybe they need hiring will corporate will provide that the organized staff among these positions and also the instructor management team will make sure that their teams will be there not just the financial support。

 but also the educational tools and the guidance from the leadership within this company that have field tested。

 all the different things that they may think will work and we give a guidance about how they should avoid those things that we know will not work。

Work？The travel team。Even though it just sounds like booking hotels and venues is probably the most tax team in the entire company。

 it is the most demanding team because instructors may change their travel on a dime。

 they might go from one seat to the next， there's really interesting。

 unique demands being an instructor as well because not only does your hotel need to be very affordable and in a certain budget。

Especially when you have a massive entreourage would be very expensive。

 you need to be close to the bars and clubs so you have good logistics for picking up girls。

 you need to be close to a venue which may be in a different situation， a different setting。

 a different area， you need to make sure we have affordable transportation around the city or' going from one seat to the next if it's not going to be by plane if it's going to be by train and how to organize that。

They need to know if a team needs to get an apartment or a house as opposed to hotels。

 they need to know whether or not that place will be comfortable with them video recording there or if there's unusual restrictions。

And it's extremely demanding， so we have set up all sorts of enterprise resource partnerships and tools。

 in addition to having an army of travel tools， including just using travel websites we even built our own In fact。

 if you go to Vegasimmersion。com， you could book travel for massive discounts forre living in Vegas immersion because we have a private label travel agency that we build internally in ourselves。

Private labeled and ready to go we also have it set up that if you choose any other city in the world。

 you can even book travel through that Vegas immersion website for your season like， Miami， London。

 etc ce， and we're growing that。We share that with our clients as well as a resource。Our I T team。

Our information technology team is what build our websites， they manage our servers。

 they build our websites， they build our backend membership sites。

 and they also will manage making sure that all of our intellectual property is protected and safeguarded with firewalls and we have hacker attacks quite often and we'll have guys who are there to also work on cybersecurity making sure our internet credit card processing is integrated properly and protected from potential hacks or going down and making sure it's completely secure so our our customers can feel comfortable through processing safely our finance team will then track those sales they'll monitor the accounting。

 they'll make budget cash flow projections。They organize income statements， profit law statements。

 and they'll do that in a very quick way with separate bank accounts。

 separate companies and subsidiaries and using CPAs and attorneys to monitor and audit internally and externally our books to make sure everything's in proper order for everything from tax to accounting to profit sharing and dividends。

It's a team that I view is extremely important， especially having a controller。

You can look and catch expenses that can be fraudulent， which you catch all the time。

I think our cards will get blocked off and from travel and we'll have to unblock it。

 we'll have guys who write fraudageulent checks somehow。

 though there's people out there who figured out ways to just write company checks software or corporate account now and then well have to block that and we'll have to do that for cards while of people trying to violate things with identity theft。

We also have our operations team， these are guys who will manage the efficiency of all the teams I've discussed so far。

Make sure the roles and responsibilities are being done properly and also make sure that all the small operations that need to get done are getting done。

 and if they're not getting done， I usually will hear about it or T to hear about it and so I' have to put more pressure on the operations team to make sure the new operations team is running operationally effectively。

And that's a huge challenge。So we have a chief operations officer。

We do have chiefs in almost severe other kind of thing。 We recently got a guy who's。

We' been hired to take over chief financial operations。

 we have a guy who we're looking at bringing on a chief technology officer who was our previous chief technology officer。

 we have a chief marketing officer， we have。All sorts of executive leadership to push forward。

 most of them are how we educate academically in terms of business school or from the field。

And then we have human resources， and these are the people who are responsible for the hiring of the people within our company。

 that'll be doing the interviewing， they'll be introducing to the people that will be directly supervising the people that are going to be hired。

And they're really good at understanding what kind of people we want to hire the culture。

The culture of it is more important than anything else， of course。

 having a skill set is really desirable， especially if you're looking for an instructor or if we're looking for someone to do video camera work。

However， they're looking first and foremost that these are people that we think are cool。

 we want to hang out with them， we get along with them， they have the same hard work ethic。

And are willing to have the same ambition to push forward and decede with this。And。

Combining all these people together， these are all the jobs within RSD。

