# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：6激情_06. Passion【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I've always had a large passion for the interactions of social dynamics and picking up girls and the adventures of seduction and the dating life scene。

And it wasn't until I really actualized that you could actually turn it into a transferable。

 learnable skill set that I truly got engulfed with it。

But I've always been really passionate about the romance of romance， the drama， the excitement。

 the adventure， the sex。😊，The appeal of it all was always something fascinating。

 I think it is the most men。More than anything， I love the game， the process。

 the things you have to learn to really understand a social matrix of how people react when you say certain things。

 do certain things and trying to experiment with the world， I view it like a video game。

 but with real people and seeing how people react to different life situations。

 situations that you see in the movies， situations that you create for yourself adventures that you create for yourself in situations that are even crazier than the movies。

And as a result， that passion has always carried forward into real social dynamics because I believe that everyone kind of feels that the challenge that you face is carrying that passion that you have for pickup what brought you to real social dynamics and do all the other areas of your life。

 For example， in the business world， many of us have a job， How do you love your job。

 how do you find that passion， First and foremost， my job is about one of our passions。

 the passions of the game and social dynamics。😊，Picking up and dating beautiful girls。

At the same time， other people， they don't craft that job。Ideally， though。

 you do find a job where you can find that passion。I。

 you're not just finding a job where you're just making money。

 But if it is something that is not like passionate to you， like， for example。

 let's say that your job is to sell pillows。 I imagine most people don't love pillows so much to work for a pillow company just because your love for pillows is so grand much passion for it。

 But if you could find passion for the way you do your job in your business。

 whether it's the passion for the flful nest of sales of it or the passion of the process of the analytics behind working strategic finance and stuff like that。

 But the passions within your job and the creativity innovation win it。😊。

In it to win is the way to get that passion and share it you also should share that passion in all the most important areas of life。

 especially when you're with a significant other， a partner in a deep meaningful romantic relationship。

Those things are so deep， so important that by carrying that passion forward into that。

 it'll be contagious。 It'll be also what adds a flare to that passionate sex life to that relationship life so that your love life is more than just。

😊，The typical like oh we're together， therefore always sleep together。

 we will then eat together and we'll hang out each other。

 But if you actually have that emotional fitness， your sex life will be much more exciting and also your goals and your conversations and your time with your partner will be more exciting。

 know usually affect most of every other aspect of life。

 especially when you're in for a long haul and you spend most of your time with a partner and that partner is your best friend because most of the time you're with a life partner。

 who is your best friend， who is going to be your best friend if they're not your best friend if it's in the beginning of a new long term relationship。

😊，But that passion is what allows that thing to blossom， that relationship to blossom。

Also carrying that forward into your family。The passions I have in my life revolve deeply around my family because my family has been。

most important influence in my life has inspired me to develop a hard work ethic that inspired me to get very deeply successful in business。

 has inspired my educational outlook， my passions in hobbies and like video games， computers。

 technology， and what have you and business。And also。

 there are the people that I know will be with me because they' blood。 But then again。

 I kind of adopt friends， coast friends into that family。

 because I love my closest friends as if my they're my family。 in fact。

 most people will spend more time with their friends than their' family。

 because those are the people that have that，😊，あ。Freedom or common interest sometimes your family may not have that common interest that you have to do a certain thing maybe also they're not your coworkers and your friends are often your coworkers and they're spending more time with you at work and as a result you might be spending more time with your coworkers in your friends than your family most people do that and as a result you must have passion for them you find out what they're passionate about and share that passion and grow it。

I think passion is really just a way of explaining your innovation and excitement for everything else in the world。

The creative processes of what happens out there some people appreciate and refer to the mundane that's because you're set in their ways。

 but also usually those people aren't experiencing passion。

 you're experiencing more of what a Buddhist monk would feel that calm like meditative like lack of high amounts of pleasure or high amounts of pain whether you're talking about true passionate excitement you'll experience that fiery passion when things go right when things go wrong either way your emotions will stay strong and that'll also really help with game because game is about using passionate fl and rhythm of what you feel in life and what you believe in life to excite the other person or at least inflict emotions on positive or negative to get a reaction out using that reaction to the lead that interaction in a direction that is conducive to what you are interested in your social life and that person infecting your social life and whether it's gonna be for dating or whatever it's gonna be just for friendship and sharing crazy fun adventures but striking that emotional。

😊，It is always powerful。I think passion also will lead to strong ambitions because ambitions for success and business have to come from that motivation of emotions。

 we created a channel called RSD motivation on YouTube so to excite that passion of motivation because so many people are just not taking action。

 that action is the striking of the match， delight lighting it and then action is taken。

So difficult to get out of a rut when you're just stuck in a rut and you're not interested in doing things and then you just feel like。

 well to get out of the rut， maybe just lie around with axe and chill when the truth is the biggest thing you need to do is actually just go out there and passionately you take action。

And having that single mind focus that what you're doing is going to succeed。

 and that's what you're going to do is something you need to focus on until you're actually done and get done with it。

Go all the way and not give up and just keep pushing forward because a lot of people will get involved with something。

 they won't have a single mile focus， they'll just start something and never finish it。

 and that's so sad， so pathetic and so bad。Yet if you just finish it， go all the way。

 even if it's tough， even if you're feeling pain while doing it， that fair。

 that passion for knowing that there's a light and the tunnel on getting that hope is more exciting。

 In fact， when you finish those things that are tougher， you get more excitement， more value。

 more happiness from it then those things that were easy to get So appreciate those things that are tougher and have a passion for that。

 have the strong emotions， but then at the same time。

 know when you should have the ability to chill and have a strong ability to chill。

 especially when you need it。 sometimes you might be too passionate about something。

 something that is an issue that is how sensitive， maybe something that you feel has high importance on your success in life and you're relying on it so much。

 in which case you just need to chill out， you just need to chill completely out。

 will actually your emotions， remove it。 And even though you have that passion deep inside of you。

 put the emotions around it on hold and let it out when you can。 That's a huge。😊，Chall well。

 but not when， how to harness that。You know， that is a really powerful ability。 It's。

 it's something that you need to learn。 Some people will need to research how to follow up on your。

emotional control of your passions， but more importantly。

 people don't even follow up on what they're truly passionate about。

 and they also don't hang out with people who share the same passions as them。

But even the weirdest passions， like I've seen people that were really interested in dressing up like video game characters has a passion。

People who hang out together and they're so passionate about they get turned into a huge event。

 I know that there are people that do this so much so that they'll turn it into a convention where there's like hundreds。

 if not thousands of these people meaning up on a regular basis。

 theyre going on traveling and around Japan together on crazy adventures。

People do that for even more esoteric things， like guns。嗯。

But whatever your passions are by sharing what people who are also sharing those passions with you will convey so much more and you can build things。

 I mean， by having a esoteric thing like how to pick up girls。

 having all these people share all these passions about it in a very glamorous and entertaining and fun way has allowed to create RSD。

 It's amazing whereas as opposed to some people who just write books about it in a very boring way without any passion and it just kind of like sparkles out into nothingness and that's how an industry was created。

 that's how a movement was created， and that's what passions are。

 passions are the conversion of emotions into something that could be transformed into a movement and that's the most powerful thing you could possibly do。

 That's why following your passion expressing your passions。

 knowing how to harness that emotion the basis foundation and premise of all motivation and that is basically the first thing you do success in anything in your life。

 social dating or business。😊。