# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：07.内部游戏PUA获得业务_07. Inner Game PUA To Get Business_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The inner game of how to pick up girls， the inner game of PA。

Actually does help a lot in the business world as well。 For example。

 when you're actually picking up girls with your wingman。

 you're kind of part of a team and you have a team dynamic， you're working a set。

 you have one guy who's working on his primary girl that he's interested in picking up。

 you have another guy who's befending the peer group making sure your friend has in time alone with the girl he's really interested in talking to。

Same thing happens oftentimes in business where you have the key players interacting with the overall group and interacting with them。

 but the key player is interacting more with that person one on one and it goes even into social settings just in general because when you get one on one and so and it's great but at the same time you need to befriend that whole peer group and you need to act as a team。

You also have a situation where the team could help each other come up with new ideas and share ideas。

 so where you have RSD to be your resource and be your team。

 you also have that in the business world where you might be with your team of business players and you're working out strategies on how to accomplish a certain strategic goals so that your overall mission doesn't fail。

You also need to know your strengths so in pickup。You have guys who are really good at the code approachach process。

 You have other guys that are better at online game On the other hand。

 you have other guys who convey your style and your sense of game in intellectual way。

 while there's are better and physical game and working the dance floor So you' got to know your strengths in business。

 You have some people like myself who are great at doing a lot of the operations。

 pushing past those hard and difficult moments and continuing to execute and you have guys who are more like Ty who are more of the visionary。

 creative， innovative types who still have a lot of business skills that's more as being like that director that kind of chairman up the front who kind of leads and guides the global mission and global vision in a very creative and inspiring and charismatic way。

We put the players that are you know strategically in the right place into that place and then people who are running the operations will go to that place。

 people who are good at managing people will put them into those positions and people that are really into like the small tactics will put them into those positions we also need everybody have the confidence that they get accomplished the goal if they don't have that。

 they'll basically bow out shirked or job shirt or responsibilities Similarlyly when you're in pickup got to view yourself as super awesome got to have those beliefs I mean when I was young。

 I used to kind of have somewhat of a godlike belief for myself because I have like the biggest house in my neighborhood I also got really great grades so I felt like I was always sharp and on the ball on and I went to a boarding school and then eventually I was an average in my peer group because everyone was super smart and successful and came from great family backgrounds。

But I've reviewing yourself in a way where you have a strong sense of accomplishment within yourself。

Is always going to be conveyed when you're picking up girls。

 But that strong sense of accomplishment and belief in yourself is also conveyed very strong and powerfully when you're in the business world as well。

 because when you're interacting with successful businessmen。

 they can see that you have confidence and belief in what you're selling in what you're doing。

 That's going to be conveyed and you're more likely to be believed。😊，But。

You also need to understand in the same way what you will and not tolerate from girls that might be flaky or might feel like they're abusing your time。

 You might need to understand what you will and will not accept from other people in the business world。

 people that violate your expectations， lie， deceit， betrayal and bad emotions。

 Those things are usually not tolerated very well in the business world either， you know。

 there's always a chance to be forgiven。 you know， I'm a very forgiving person。

 I know Ons a very forgiving person。At the same time， if there's a line that is crossed。There's a。

Time where you have to have a line that if it is crossed。

That you're not going to work with that person， the same way you want to cut that person out of your social life or stop the set or stop the interaction。

 You do the same thing in the business world。See yourself as internally growing。

 know what you can and cannot do and what you can tolerate in terms of emotional pressure。

Put yourself in situations where you're always growing in your of your belief systems by putting yourself in the most difficult situations。

 overcoming those situations。 And you could believe that you could accomplish anything。

 Ive put myself in situations where。I was under tight tight deadlines to release a product or program where money was extremely tight and the whole company was relying on my success in order to move on to the next level and I've done that because I'm able to now handle these situations very easily and it happens all the time in the business world。

 especially when you're running a global company， the company relies on the leadership。

 the company relies on the players below it， but it also relies on the leadership to make sure the players in the organization are successful and how the resources they need to take action and make sure that the mission doesn't fail overall。

At the same time， everything is possible。If you view anything as possible。

 at least anything is possible。That belief system is very queer I know that some people will like to talk about it in more of a woo sense like the law of attraction and you just imagine and visualize something like I know a guy named John Osrov。

 he's a friend of mine who imagined a house that you want to live in and he lived in it the funny thing is about 15 years ago I was hiking on Run and cannon and I was looking at this gigantic house at the top of the hill and now I'm presently in that house making a video because this is where we live and have our offices and I thought it'd be really cool one day we were here。

But I don't believe that I'm here because I just visualized it and really wanted it and thought about it all the time because I really wasn't。

 it was completely coincidental。Or just that anything is possible。

Coincidence is that you just don't expect to happen and if you're in that assessed mindset and you want those things that are hard to reach and you reach for those things。

 you're more likely to get it if you view that there's possibility of it happening and you take those steps as opposed to this staying static and letting failure happen instead。

I always say that you should risk it all with what I call mission Iposibles I don't call them missionion Ipoibles because it's like James Bond missionion Ipos or that I view them as actually impossible missions。

 I view them as mission impossibles because like the movie mission impossible you're challenging yourself in ways that most people。

 most people that don't have your skills， your beliefs， your talents。

We'll view these things that you're about to do as impossible。

 I'll put people through these exercises andho assignments and I do that in a lot of my products and programs that I release because I want people。

 especially my boot campcc students when I was teaching boot camps， I gave the mission impossibles。

 assignments that were extreme。Like going out into a public venue and giving a speech。

You'll have kind of public square in Traalgar， you and your boot camp students。

 watching you give a speech and then you talk about how you inherit a million dollars after every sentence you stop and they give you a round of applause so a guy would go"。

 It a million dollars everyone's like yay。Then you go I'm going to donate the money to charity。

 you're like yay， and it's interesting to watch how maybe five minutes later。

 you have a group of 30 people， 10 minutes later， that group is like 50 people and you have to deal with that social pressure and it's putting yourself in those unusual situations to tolerate that social pressure。

 stay confident， staying calm in overcoming those things are these unique situations that will help you and lie because now you've expanded your beliefs of what's possible。

 what's not also like putting that emotional internal punishment on yourself when you fail to push yourself to the limits of what you think you shouldn and shouldn't do。

If I feel like I'm not doing what I should be doing。

 I'll make myself do something much more difficult so I can overcompensate for that failure。

 for example， if I'm in a situation where instead of doing work cu instead I just watch a TV show。

 instead I'll do twice as much work。Things like that are like that internal punishment that I put and say。

 this is the tax you have to pay because if you don't tax yourself。

 if you don't put that pressure on yourself， you will not have the kind of ambition。

That other people have， and if you are not a little bit better than the competition。

Then you will not beat them。There is nothing worse also than regret of the unknown So there's an opportunity that could be in front of you and you're too afraid of grasping that。

 whether it's a cold approach， whether it's an opportunity in your business or social life。

 whether it's you taking that move to kiss that beautiful girl when you're on a date and instead you just let her walk away and go home It's a regret of unknown about whether you're going to reject it or not。

 which is going to be scarier。The rejection of you're not saying that certain thing that needed to be said。

 it's going to be scary， our risk of the unknown is more punishment internally to you getting the rejection it could have come from knowing what was going to happen after you taken action that you needed to take。

Remember， don't overlook opportunities without leverage of your time。

There is only a finite amount of time before we all die。

I remember someone is saying that as something like 36，000 minutes or something like that。

 I can't remember exactly， I think it's much， much larger than that actually。But。

There was some amount of finite time just by having a finite number looking at the average lifespan。

 whatever that is。I believe that it's quite a scary thing。

 and so look at the ways your time will be most valuable and spend it toward that time because there's nothing more valuable。

Look at ways you could get other people's time to help you in your goal so you have more time to focus on those higher level tasks。

and your social life and your personal life and your business life and helping you chatter out economically it's in the best interests of all your friends and all the people you interact with to do this。

When you have a ability to help another person， they have a ability to help you out。

 overall one in one ideally isn't become two， it becomes 11 through interdependence。

 so work together， find ways you continue to do that。

 leverage your time and you'll get a great success in your social life and business life。

