# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：11.公开演讲的外部游戏_11. Outer Game of Public Speaking【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

A lot of my public speaking skills came not just from speaking at real social dynamics events。

 but also through formal education and training from business school where I actually was watching really eloquent speakers who were practicing speaking in front of boards of large corporations going up and talking。

I think that the biggest and most important part is just making sure your presence is known that you're there。

 a lot of people just stand behind a podium and you wouldn't even see them。They won't go up。

 they won't walk in front of the audience， show that they're there。

 They'll be looking at a piece of paper and people won't even realize you're there is look at the PowerPoint or donll read a piece of paper。

 They're not gonna to be influential or interacting with you。

 They're not be looking at you into the eyes， they kind of just trying to disseminate information if that's what you wanted。

 you wouldn't even need to do a public speech All you would have to do is write a letter or write an article and share the information disseminate it So when you're public speaking。

 the goal of public speaking is to actually connect with your audience so that're more impactfully interacting with you they're kind of talking to you。

 but more you talking to them whether when you have the opportunity to talk to them through Q andA that'll be the chance for you to really interact。

 But you got to prepare in mind what you're going to talk about a lot of it comes from the fact that。

Organized public speeches are about dis that information into really wellorganized packages and really well organized ways of organizing into modules so that the information is not just a bunch of unorganized ramblings that are not going in a particular place So on the other hand。

 you don't want to rely on a can presentation but you can have one if you were a newbe if you were just practicing。

 I remember when I was first do having public speeches， I was so good at public speeches。

 I could memorize at first three to seven pages， I eventually got to the point where I was so used to do every certain public speeches。

 I could literally memorize 10 or200 pages because I was used to reciting them again and again and again。

 the funny thing is a law that came from pickup because we first started studying how to pick up girls。

 all all the patterns and can routines that you use how to pick up girls or can scripts as if you were an actor memorizing the script for a movie。

 it's just that was like a computer program like if then else statement where you would say something and if they said something else。

 you would say something else else， you would say something else to counter what else they said。

It was literally just like a computer program， on the other hand。

 nowadays you've got to deliver something that's a little bit more fluid。

 got to know who your audience is， you to figure that out。So I mean。

 when we're interacting with the audience， we look at the audience。 we see if they're reacting。

 we see if they're being entertained。 it's a lot easier to gauge in an audience's reaction if you're looking at them and you're seeing hey。

 look are they entertained by this thing that I'm talking about or they falling asleep does these people like this these people not like this and calibrate your situation your speech to that moment。

 treat the people in the audience even if it's just a few people you see after then you know you're going good and you can make some more jokes。

 you could add some more humor to your interaction if you see everyone being serious and they just want a very serious topic。

 if you see people that are giving you a certain kind of face and they're not responding well to your material。

 you could adjust and you can react and that's really important in public speeches because it's not all about。

😊，The content it's also about the finesse， because all public speeches are half entertainment。

All it is you might even get into the most series of topics because people want to be tuning into something that captivates them or else they're not going to even hear your message because they'll be too bored so make it a conversational feel。

When you're interacting with an audience。The way you're talking to an audience should feel more like a conversation as opposed to an academic scientific laboratory experiment where you're trying to talk just in jargon unless your audience is really into jargon and then you can even make jokes about the jargon and you can really talk to them。

The thing is。When I give a public speech， when I would deliver any kind of presentation。

 I'm using talking to people just as I was gonna talk to my buddy down the street。

 I view everyone that way。 I feel like when you're relatable to somebody。

 they're more going to understand what you're gonna talk about。

 As opposed to trying to come up with a sophisticated way of delivering messages like a profound professors from what you see portrayed in movies from the 1980s of what a professor from a stuffy Ivy League school would portray。

 even though that's not what really happens。 That's kind of like the stereotype。

 of what people believe sounds intellectual。 They may wear like a suit with like a scarf and try to portray themselves as some stuffy guy。

 I just make sure that you're portraying yourself as a real human， a real person。 And as a result。

 your interaction with the audience。Will be much more。Active， itll be much more captivating。

 It'll be much more impactful。You get your interactivity up as well you don't need to be as extreme as Tony Robbins who after everything he says he'll try to get a yes ladder。

 you know Chiilini wrote a book called Influence the power Persuasion。

 which he says if you get people to consistently say yes and more likely to buy into your thing so he'll continually ask questions that are truisms like is everyone having fun tonight and then everyone go yes goes I can't hear you yes and he'll keep saying that and'll get people to give them high fives you need to go to that extreme even though that's what Tony does or w is crowds so they stay empowered or feeling empowered they pay more attention to what he's saying。

You just need to get to the point where you have a level of interactions so that people are paying attention。

If you're giving public speeches that are just you on stage， that's cool。

 however if you have the opportunity to use things that allow you to project maybe pictures or videos or if you have passing out of papers or handoutss。

 the visual aspect of things are sometimes better ways of learning。

I'm not like a strong supporter of the belief systems and a lot of the NLP practices that are taught out there。

 but I do know that one of the principles that you study in your linguistic programming is the different ways people communicate and ways that people really learn and some people are more visual and as a result by having these visual communication devices。

 it helps if you also other people are more auditory so just being more charismatic in your tone in your voice and what have you and other people are more kinesthetic so if you could get them involved with interactive activities like talking to the person next to them or acting them about a particular topic or getting them engaged in exercise these three different elements if you can convey all three of them in your public speeches。

 it also will increase the impact of what you're doing if you look at the hot seatat seminar it's a very interactive event it's a very active event where you still have a lot of the visuals you have the videos。

You have the lessons the auditory top by tower， but it has all three elements。

If you are in charge of your own venue and you are the hosts of your venue。

 try to also make a comfortable ambiance。If it's event for high end business people try to get like a high end hotel。

 if it's an event that's more in a down to earth kind of environment。

 you can do it pretty much anywhere， RSD is more the latter and so we do events whether it's in a high end hotel or it's just like a fun open room。

 maybe it maybe be classroom style， maybe we have an open area for people to interact with each other。

But we try to crave an abiance that's cool。We've even done many events in strip clubs where they have back rooms and they're not in session with girls dancing on the poles the time they have a break。

 and it goes well with the brand of how to pick up girls。

You also need to have a team to help you if you're going to get involved with interactive exercises and you want a large audience。

 like I say， there's like a thousand people getting people to break into groups。

 it helps to have a team or if you're going to have sales in the background where we want people sign up at the end of your event。

 having people there to help you and facilitate that process。We also have done weird public speeches。

 Sometimes we did the most unusual events at our World summit， just try to mix it up， for example。

At World summit last year， we brought everyone into this giant room behind the conference room。

And inside the conference room was laid out a giant gong and in the floor mats and people that are dressed up as if they were from Tibet and they would go through this ritual with music and playing the gong and lie down and ask you to go through like an imagination journey and then like express。

Different aspects of your journey that have been very。

 very meaningful and impactful in trying to release those things that have been painful。

It was an experience that people walked away from some of them even cried afterwards。

But having unique things like that also really adds a surprise element to your public speeches if you can。

But most important is know your audience， if you can't know your audience in advance。

 if you can't do any research， if they're not your typical customer base and would say you're invited to do a public speech because you're like a guy who's really an expert in a particular topic。

Then try to figure out who that audience is， do some research on the Internet。

 ask the people who do know them as's maybe the hosts who know them and try to figure out who they are。

 or when you just show up， ask them questions about who they are。

 get them to raise in our hands if you want to find that they're from a particular demographic or if they know who you are or if they're following a certain kind of buoy system。

 most of the free tours that T lives， he'll give the audience a chance for five minutes to answer a few questions that he has where you get them to raise their hands。

 just so we could feel out the audience and know who they are， how much they know about him。

 how much knew about RSD and the topic matter， how dedicated they are to whether they're interested in just the general principles of self help that he teaches that can be used their business and social life or whether it can be used for just the pickup life。

And what they're really truly chasing or to pick up girls or chasing that enhancement of their life in all aspects in all areas of their life that they become that successful best man ever become。

And these are the elements that'll help you in an hour game of public speaking。

