# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：04.约会与关系_04. Dating & Relationships：01.与妻子建立亲密关系_01. Creating Hot Relationship With Wife_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

As a married guy， I get a lot of questions from our clients about how to manage a successful relationship which a significant other。

 especially considering so much of our culture and so many of our students are focused solely on getting the one night stand to pick up and then are wondering about how to take things the next level and grow。

 I wanted to talk to you about some of the things that I do with my wife that I believe has allowed us to have a really awesome relationship。

😊，Some of the things are focused on getting those weekly experiences。

 So you having a regular day for a date day， for example。

 has really helped Now you don't have to do anything crazy。

 I mean I will sometimes go to like the spa or have a dinner at home or well go to a nice restaurant TV video gaming but the most important part is we hang out sometimes we'll just be hanging out by a fireplace and just talking but the bottom line is more important than anything else。

 you have a time where just the two of you could catch up， go to aport and do things。

 just the two of you moving all distractions of the world because there's so many crazy things going in life in business where you for her school for your students。

 you just want to ignore all those things， make them fade away into the distance。

 just focus on each other。 This will also allow you to have a much better sex life because you're building that intimacy and so many people forget that especially when they get married。

 they end up having so many things like in your family and your friends and their social circle they just forget all those things and it really affects things and you can't let that happen。

 You got to。Remember who your woman is， Youve got to focus on her dreams， her goals。

 and ideally help her accomplish them， share your own with her。

What I used to do is have all her goals， all of her dreams shared。

 mapped out and talked about and talk about how we could help each other whether its resources or just doing research on the Internet together or introducing her to people or me actually proactively being a part of it。

 So， for example， in my wife' situation， she wants to grow a business。

 So fortunate be able to help her with that quite easily is that's one of my main focuses in life。

 growing my business。 even easier。 So her businesses on video production and guess what RSD has a ton of video equipment。

 So it works out perfectly there and she's able to help her creative knowledge and on the other side。

 she's able to help us because she helps us with a lot of video jobs as well。

 But that's just one of those unique things。 on the other hand， when you're in a dating life。

 you might not have such a deep kind of thing like I have with my wife。 On the other hand。

 just talking about her goals and dreams。 sharing that inspiration is inspiring showing that you have an intention to have a shared vision really helps So get her knowledge。

 get her insights， get her ideas and share them。😊，A lot of us talk about is sharing our own knowledge。

 kind of being the leader， teaching， guiding， leading。

 and that's still very important when you're in a relationship as well you got to share your ideas but you got to also listen to hers and you ideally you have to be in a situation where you can really push things forward and move things forward。

And a lot of that comes from getting what she's really good at and ideally helping her so teaching is a skill that we used to talk about and pick up where you could teach somebody a skill。

 teach someone a fun thing。And in a relationship， it's more about teaching or something that is like more practical and something that is cool。

 I mean， you also do with the teacher just something that's fun just for fun and add that as like a game like I'll teach my wife video a game。

 So I'll do that for fun。 however， more importantly。

 we're talking about here for business and how it's going to help you in your social life as well and use someone to parallels and building relationships to how to to help you in your life So introduce her to the people in your Rolodex and help her grow her Rolodex and you'll at the same time grow your own。

😊，That knowledge from having a larger soul circle， pushing things forward。

 always comes back full throttle full circle and even deeper so a lot of people will have that phrase happy life。

 happy wife or happy wife， happy life and so much of that is true and it goes even so when you're in a relationship with someone who's not even your wife maybe just be your girlfriend I have a lot of friends who have that issue on the other hand have a lot of friends who have much more they have maybe two girlfriends they have multiple relationship at the same time。

 especially in our pickup bars community and these people really have to push things forward and really have even more work to do for me。

 it's a lot easier to simplify my life。😊，The other things you want to focus is。

Always trying to expand her interests to get her more involved with。

Outside interest so that she's not focused just on business， just on your social life， just on you。

 You want this so that your innovation and your relationship never stay stale。

 I remember seeing TV shows on dating relationship sites。

 And in order to create a effective commercial， you're always talking about the pain。

 And the biggest pain that I think a lot of people worry about it's having that stale relationship that relationship fails。

 So I was watching a TV show and it was having two zombies that were dating on a couch。 And。😊。

Then they gotten the color and zing this disappeared。

And one of the ways to really kill this is for this。

 Some of the things I've also done since I'm in education is I've actually gone to relationship building seminars from people that are really into this or studying things like about sex。

 I know at Harvard University， they have this sex fest。

 but it's not as crazy as like say a Burn man festival or some swinger event。

 It's more just a sex education event。 But it's done in a fun way with interesting speakers from around the world。

😊，And I think things like that are cool also， and it also adds interest to your dating life because things that really are exciting topics to all women are about sex and dating。

Exposesure your women also to new cultures if you could travel that's always great。

 but also even locally there's new cultures of people that you could interact with and grow your soul circle and it's always a lot of fun I myself am always fascinated by learning about new cultures because I find that。

It's always been my goal to kind of spread the RSC message around the world and see how far other cultures are away from this。

 for example， in India and Finland， there cultures are a lot more。

 say like more different than the American culture。

 whereas someone like from the UK has a more similar culture。

 and I've always been fascinated by how far things can go， I mean。😊。

If you look at travel also you'll also have new experiences to share together。

 so I always love the dating life of being able to take your girl on a traveling adventure because of that purpose。

On the other hand， it's not just about the experiences and the most important part is having those same values and making sure they're congruent to your lifestyle so if you're interested in having a strong family life。

 if you want to have a woman that wants to have kids。

 want to make sure that the when you're dating has that same interest and not find out about it way later down the line that you're in completely different path On the other hand。

 if you're looking for someone who's ambitious and it's going to help your career is going to be behind you。

 like the first lady is for the president of the United States。You want to look for that also。

 but try to filter this out early on your dating life because in the long run， it's important。

People will always change， but don't rely on that change。On the other hand。

 if things change too much， be ready for that， be flexible and you got to be repaired。

By having a large Rodexx of various people， it will also make you be more understanding。

 and that's judgmental of any changes also in your relationship。

You also might want to try her interests。 So if she's interested in some kind of newobic exercise。

 especially if it's not like totally outside into the like hardcore。

Fminist kind of exercises or like hardcore feminine exercises。

 something that you guys could work do together or like hiking or something like that。 Try it out。

 You might enjoy it。 It might be surprised。 I knew a lot of people who were like， oh。

Toy you like to city guys， but just try things that are of interesting because more importantly。

 it's always this premise。 I remember hearing this very young that if you are interested。

 you're more interesting。 And by doing so， it's going to really keep things fresh。

 refreshing and more fun。 And that's really important。😊，You should also look for hints。

 like when a woman is asking you questions， it usually means that she wants you to actually。

Folalllow her lead， know so I listen to things like she'll say。

Do you want to do this or do you want to do that or hey， should we go this way。

 usually it's a question or a form of a question， but it's usually a statement。

And just be ready for that and listen for those things sometimes just not。

 but most of the time it usually is。 we listen to those hints。

 if she's bringing up a certain topic that just is something that she's brought out nowhere。

 realize that there's an interest in that and you should probably look into that。

 but look listen to those little subtle cues a all this happens also really importantly in the business world where someone will hint at something or talk about something that may not be working out properly。

😊，And those little tiny conversational mentions， even though there's little things。

 those little things that matter more importantly to them than almost anything。

 And usually it's those little things are hints because they don't want to bring it up in a big way and make a big deal out of it and the fear of possibility that it could turn into something that you disagree with。

May even evolve into an argument or something that is really bad。

 but just make sure that you're providing the emotional support that you need for your partners。

I mean， if it's in your dating life， you definitely want to do that。

 but you also want to do it for any person when you're in your friends， when you're in your business。

 you need to be there for them， provide them emotional support by investing in their needs or interest。

 showing genuine concern for them that you care and as a result you'll get a lot more out of them you also get a lot happier relationships and if you want to have a hot relationship。

 have a great sex life， how someone who's going listen to you。

 someone's going to trust you and someone who's going be happy being with you for the long term as opposed to just short term。

 these are all extremely important if you want to create a hot relationship。

You got to have a Sd Foundation， Sd Foundation involves a very stable routine of liability。

 dependability， but also a lot of excitement， adventure， exploring。

 so continually think outside the box， continually exploring whether you're in business or you're day in life。

Do both。