# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：5我的人生哲学_05. My Life Philosophies【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I've been asked about what my life philosophies are。Some of them。And I want to first of all。

 put a note out there that these are kind of extreme views。

But some of my life philosophies revolve around things I've learned from watching Mafia movies。嗯。

In terms of the sense that。You need to stay very， very loyal to your friends， no matter what。

 you need to have a tight knit group。Um， when people are messing with your interests。

 you need to retaliate you when you have friends， or should we viewed more like family。

And you need to be extremely resourceful and acts as a very tight knit team and community。These are。

Kind of like extreme views。But I've seen these views work and then disseminate in my life and in the business world。

I think I'm all a very generous guy， I'm a very nice and resourceful guy。

At the same time I also have very strong barriers of what I will will not tolerate and I made that very clear to everyone who works in my organization and also make it very clear in how I do business。

 I'm a tough guy， I don't desperately just tolerate people walking on me。

And I also have the resources to make sure that it doesn't happen。

I've built my company very similar to what you see in even in Army Brotherhood。

When you're in the military。And the love of the people in our organization aren in a military and some of them。

Who are advisors in our company have worked。In high levels of international intelligence and military organizations。

嗯。I think a lot of that comes from the fact I like the values of diligence。

I like the values of liability dependability， that hard work ethic and that。

Desire to push yourself to the limits physically， which is inspired you to push to the limits mentally。

 And when I watch。War and action movies， which is one of my huge passions， especially movies that。

Avolve massive amount of risk and danger。It excites me。I feel like RSD。

 a lot of it is built upon those things。 The fact when we're on boot camp。

 especially when I'm on boot camp。I oftentimes feel like I'm involved with the CIA operation where you're directing operatives that are covertly in the field。

 directing our clients to get taught how to pick up girls。And it's exciting， it's very fun。

Also viewS as more fraternity though than a business， of course we are a business。

 we're a hardcore corporation business， a multinational business with subsidiary corporations。

But we were also a fraternity， a brotherhood with an organized corporate board structure with each member having its own sense of code and understanding like a core value and foundation that's taught to you and going through rituals。

 even before you could the payroll and join the organization itself。

I think it's important to really want to be a partv organization and appreciate the values of it。

And being an RSD， I feel that more than anything else。

 I have a buddy who will even pay people to leave his organization if you don't want to be part of the organization。

 he'll pay you one month worth of income if you want to leave organization， within your first one。

 two or three months of working for an organization for us。

 we don't even allow you to get paid until you work with us for a certain period of time for free。

 most of the time。On the other hand， I have very traditional family values。 You know， I do believe。

In having a supportive family。I was raised by parents who had a very traditional marriage and upbringing and as a result。

And all those values were disseminated to me， I didn't grow up in a very religious family。

 I did grow into grief I needed to study religions。

Because religious structures of all kinds have a lot of common principles， morals。

 and lessons learned because they're written by smart people， charismatic people。

 that were able to create movements。And I've gone to everything from Muslim Mosques Jewish temples。

 I've been to all sorts of Christian churches and Buddhist churches。

 I've studied religion from around the world and taken many classes on this in school and academia。

And I believe that having understanding of all the different values of families is also really important because。

Those values are values that most people believe in， because there's a common theme。

My life is something that I want to have as a continued adventure。

 one that I'm not going to live with regret。A life of regret to me， though。

 is one that is just boring。I've always been scared of living a boring life。On the other hand。

 my life is often way， way， way adventurous， way， way， way crazy。

 and I've tried and gone out of my way again and again to try to simplify my life。

But it's like a domino effect， you knock when domino and the dominoes sees popping and going faster and faster and faster。

In my position， my life is just like that。And you have the same thing happening in instructors。

To an exponential level， like if you look at guys like Tyler。

 who are livingventurous life well beyond he has ever imagined was going to be ever possible。

The thing that's god uss to these situations is that we had a willing to fail attitude。

But we'll never allow it。We used to say， oh， we'll let people an organization fail。

But I personally will never allow it， I will look at these people and I will just do an interject。

 I will stop and get involved and make it so they can fail， I will put into money。

 the resources and time to make sure the things in my organization are successful I will do that for my friends and family as well if I see me going down the wrong path I will step in interject。

And I'll be that leader。Lord of the house that kind of makes things happen。

And you got to do that sometimes， but being that kind of guy。

 being that kind of guy who feels like it's his responsibility to step in is kind of like being the big brother like the USA is for other countries。

 but I'm just doing that within those people that I view are most important to me in my life。

 those people that I've influenced my family life， my personal life in a very deep profound way。

There's always a way to succeede， I think that even in the situations where you view it as impossible and everyone tells you it's impossible。

 there's always an out of the box solution。There's always constructs， but there's always newholes。

There's always structures in place that are usually typically found。

 There's also the roads that are less found。 and I'm always looking for those ways to。

Cut across the road to go down the road faster， if it's a curvy road like I'm in the Hollywood Hills。

 you can take you 15 minutes to go up there。You could also just hike straight down the trail or jump off the trail with。

Pararail and get down to the bottom。Or whatever you call it。

 when you fly down there and you do those suits or you just fly down there and then you wash a parachute。

I'm always looking for those options to go faster。And there's always a way。

 there's always a way for almost anything that you want to accomplish。

 you just need to figure it out。You might not figure it out fast enough。

So that's why you sometimes need to have relationships because nothing more is important than relationships。

 especially relationships with top smart people， smart advisors。

I know some of the smartest people on the planet in the world of business。

 military and in my personal life， I hang out with the most important people in every aspect of my life。

 whether it you successful in their family life or the most powerful attorneys in my city or most connected people in terms of optimizing your so circle with beautiful girls or in an RSZ situation。

 having the best pickup artists。Nothing else is more important than building those relationships。

Those relationships you'll learn more from than any academia because you'll be learning from the field from people that are in the field。

 and people who have gotten success。In order to get those relationships。

I believe the number one core value that you must have。Is that loyalty is above all else。

A lot of people will disagree with that， so I'm not saying that's something that most people have。

A lot of people will have their interests first and foremost。

I'm just talking about my life philosophies because by having that philosophy。

 it's not a philosophy I had for much of my childhood。

 It's something that I had only after I became an adult and I started really developing success in my life and my social life and invention my business life。

I've found though， that that core value， value that is often not taught in the religion。

But a valueu that is often portrayed in deep fraternal organizations that had success。

It's extremely important。And I think that comes from the basic premise that I believe that you should help those that you really care about。

And that you should retaliate and exclude those who are against you。And that。

You want to make a difference in the world and there are boundaries you don't want to help be loyal to the people that are just causing massive pain to others。

 you want to make sure that you're surrounding yourself with those people that are helping the world。

嗯。So you got to make sure that when you are building those friendships。

 you are building with the right people because if you're going to be loyal to the core。

 make damn sure that you're loyal to the right people。

You want to make sure that those are people that are going to have your back。

I've been betrayed by a lot of Ro Coast friends in a major way in ways where if I described it。

 I could literally make TV shows and maybe one day I'll make a TV show or reality show about some of the ways I've dealt with some of the extreme drama betrayals of my life。

 which would probably be better than the most future films that you've seen。But at the same time。

 you got to。Give people the benefit of doubt， help people that you really care about。

And these are the life philosophies that work for me。

