# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：05.如何致富_05. How to Get Rich【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

In our capitalistic society， everyone is always chasing the dollar， trying to get rich。

 And everyone asks， how do I get rich。And the easiest way to answer that is that there's no way to get rich and that you're willing to take the risks。

Now， if you want to make a stable， healthy living， make a large amount of money。

And have a stable job。 That's great。 And you could be rich just through savings。

 There was a book written called the Millionaire Next Door about how an average family making a middle class income。

😊，Just putting savings away， maybe even like1 thousand00 or $2000 a month。

And just doing it every month and putting it into a regular， moderate， modest savings account。

that had some kind of interest or a money market fund where the money was still very safe。

 would end up after their career 20 to 30 years， one to 2 million in terms of net worth。

 in terms of cash， just from that small process of savings。And I think that's awesome。

Stuff like that， a lot of my family have done。 And as a result。

 many of them who have that kind of background are way richer than the average person that's not。

 On the other hand， there's a flip side， there's the path of tower and I did。

 which is I took a huge risk。I took a risk in creating my own company。

 other people to take a risk in the stock market， on the other hand I have a safety net because I have a very secure family。

Because I believe that saving money and especially cash is king。

 a lot of people on your hand who are investors and have success in investments or had had success in investments。

 at least for the short term or a few years maybe like three years or what have you believe that cash and savings is the worst thing they could do because it makes so much money elsewhere or investing in their company and oftentimes are wrong there are very few people that could do either one creating that entrepreneurial business or regain the market correct。

 but there's people that do it all the time I'm one of them。

A lot of my friends are those people as well， but it's that high risk。

 high reward mentality that we have because when you fail， you can lose。

 lose big and it can demolish your life and your hopes and dreams and everything。

 but if you want to really get rich and you want to take that risk and you don't want to wait until you retire to have that kind of wealth and you want to have that wealth of experience that should you have to do however。

 I view more important than money has always been our relationships。

 investing in people has always been worth more than money because you see those immediate returns right away that can contribute to your happiness。

 chances you are going to have assessed in business have assessed in your social life and have assessed in your day in life the people that you invest in and a law of it comes from having a similar kind of mindset now a law of the mindset you'll have in RSD will come from those people that are really interested in investing in the chance of having a lot of power。

And that comes from having a networker within your social circle that is interested in having you。

Moderate or kind of hedge that risk with their help。 They'll try to help you succeed。

 give you advice。 They might lend you money or invest in your company or ideas if you're trying to create a business。

 They might do the same thing for your social orda life。

 but take time away to like mentor you advise you， like。

 show you the experiences that they've shared from their own life。

I think these things are all ways you could hedge your risk， if you look at the stock market。

 people will hedge a risk， if they buy an investment。

 they might buy options so that if their investment falls， they don't lose everything。

Same thing goes when we create our company， we always had backup plans， we'd have backup plan， A， B。

 C， D， E， et cea。For every possible scenario。 So when people have come to us and they've。

G us a hassle， like a vendor gives us us a problem and doesn't want to be a partner of ours anymore or a certain staff member and they try to create a tricky situation for us。

 We have so many contingency plans we've seen everything from every possible angle and the same thing happens in our daily life and social settings when we were always looking at every possible contingency plan and what might go wrong people often refer to this as the social matrix or mastering that social matrix because if you look at the movie the matrix。

 you add neoo。And it's like every puzzle scenario he was always prepared right in advance so fast that bullets to be shot at him and he would slowly dodge those bullets and know how to move when the next bullet was coming and we tried to view the world from that situation。

 our thoughts and minds as executives are in real social dynamics。

 or at least from my mind has always been looking at how to look at things from that standpoint。

 staying ahead of the game。However， if you are talking just about money and staying tart on top of investments。

 having multiple investments is also really important， for example。

 although my only job is working with real solar dynamics and growing the business。

 I have multiple other investments， I've invested in family real estate， we have houses。

 we have rental properties， we also have stock market investments。

A lot of these things have given me the safety net so I could have a big house in Las Vegas and also allow us to have this awesome house here in Los Angeles and I have many other properties all over the world。

But things like this allow me to hedge my risks so that in tough times within real social dynamics and it happens quite frequently。

 we're able to push forward。 I also have a background though as a financial advisor。

 I was a registered investment advisor and I was in that position since I was a teenager because when I was 18。

 I started studying for a test called a series7， and then theres lot of these financial advisor tests and insurance test and I was able to sell any kind of investment tool available to friends。

 families， business associates and what have you。And the most important thing we always looked at from the beginning was what your present situation was financially。

And how much risk you were going to tolerate and I couldn't recommend somebody a risky hedge fund。

 I couldn't risk if they were risk adverse， they want to invest in risk。

 I couldn't recommend somebody to invest in anything other than conservative funds if they're in that situation or some kind of other kind of tool。

Or people who are not interested in H market， I have to invest in maybe insurance because they're even more conservative。

 but we have to look at that from that standpoint because most people will not want to take the risk because the risk for most people is too high。

 they don't have the skill sets to the base of push in and monitor a lot of it and there's a lot of trust in taking advice of people who seem like they're in top of their game but they may or may not be and as a result there's a lot of risk from there。

 especially in the sense of building a business because that's what I usually think about I meet in my life most business owners。

 I would say the majority of my friends or business owners because that's the people that I relate to in my life the most。

And buildinging a business from scratch is almost like reinventing the re for us。

 we created a whole industry， a pickup artistry from the very beginning from the very ground up。

 guys hitting in the field， teaching boot camps。 and we pioneered as from scratch。

 where it really wasn' inventing the wheel。😊，And as a result， we're still reinventing things。

Innovative ways to disseminate our pro distribution systems and events and do it in creative ways。

 I love it， I think it's exciting but my risk tolerance is extremely high higher than 99。

9% of the planet and as a result I'm able to deal with the ups and downs and the emotional swings and it's tough sometimes sometimes you get demolished。

Hard。And your overall losses are massive， but overall。

 our company is a success because we're able to survive those moments and grow us to a situation in financial abundance。

But on the other hand， many times throughout that process。

 I thought about just having a job and then it is shining because many times people who are in those situations those high situations requires the same intellectual capital。

 and although their jobs may be risky for the company。

 that risk is held by the company as opposed to them as the business owner and they shine and many of them will make more money than even I make myself just from having those skill sets and working with another company。

The key to doing either one to get money to get success whether you're working for yourself or other people or investing in the markets is to have knowledge in a continual learning process is a core value of mine because that is a success。

That is only available if you have attribute a massive amount of it， the average educational system。

 whether it's like an elementary school， high school or even a basic college education is not sufficient to give you that kind of success even if you going into best the best of colleges like a Harvard University or at IVD school so much of this is learn from the field of course these things give you tools that are oftentimes the foundations that you need and it's often the place that you learn it from。

So I still recommend the formal academic education to everyone because it's what helped me personally。

 I meet a lot of people who have none of that and they saw a massive success。

 but more often than not， if you look at the majority of the CEOs。

 the majority of the rich people in this world， they have a massive formal education in addition to having great advisors from the real world that have obtained success through those secret gems and tactics that may be in books and may not be shared with other people because they're just gems。

 things that they don't want shared with other people。

A lot of people will sometimes refer to like my stories of meeting other people as if there's like an Iuminati。

 like the secret collusion of people that are working together in secretive ways to help each other。

 And in truth， there are many organizations that are just like that， but are just friends。

 You're just looking for friends and anyone else could create their own version of what these are。

 even Tony Robins will talk about how he as a group， I think it was called the Black Hawk。

 all he did he took 11 successful friends putting together and gave it a name。

 I had my first advisory group of successful millionaire entrepreneurs and we called herself the Chargerrs。

 and I created another one called a different name。

 So it's not that weird or esoteric Autism mastermind group。 I know my father。

 he created a mastermind group just says a study group It the Shane Kais Sheck study group and he was in Manila in Chinatown a very poorest area of Chinatown。

😊，And it was just a study group and they were so interested in studying a further education because they were dirt poor in like houses where you see light shining through your house。

That they were having friends would go from the mountains for two hours to go to school and back。

 and then after school for even elementary school， middle school。

 they would have a Chinese school doing the exact same topic， one in English and one in Chinese。

These people， though， them all became CEOs of multinational companies。

 one of them became the president of the Philippines or a governor， president of the Heineken。

 managing partner Goldman Sachs， one of the creators of city funds and one of the executives of a Citibank and my dad became a president of a global company as well。

 very， very popular one。 and it's amazing the power of how far mastermind groups can take you。

 and that is one of the keys to real social dynamics we create one for your dating life and self-improvement and now I guess we're breaching the topic of money and success。

 And by having these middle mastermind groups， you could go a long way much。

 much more further than you could on your own and that is the main reason why we have a team within real social dynamics。

 as opposed to just the tower team。 we have the RSD team。😊。

