# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第6周-RSD麦克斯（自然游戏）_Week 6 - RSD Max (Natural Game)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

We're coming to you live from Santa Monica， where we have R D Max here at the library。

 the Viroy Hotel。 I love this environment。 It's kind of like masterpiece Theater。

 It's a place where I used to take my girl out on dates before we got married。

 And it's really cool to have you here before you got in a fight to go to Hawaii。 Thanks for coming。

 I appreciate。 I really just wanted to kind of rift just bounce ideas back forth。

 See what's going on top of your mind。 Ive done， I've been watching your channel。

 And I guess every single week， there's like a new topic。 What's the topic this week。

 so the coming week is gonna be the impotor syndrome， actually。

 So what I actually see many guys doing in the field。

 especially when I out of boot camp teaching is guys are like。

 I feel I'm taking something away from the girl but me approaching them。 And that's so， so。

 so innate in theyre soul in their character that don't want to impose themselves on other people that I kind I kind of dug a lot deeper into this issue。

 And I wondered。😊，What is it that makes people think， okay。

 they're taken from people just by talking to them。

 And then we kind of found out that its it's your own inability to take action， your own apathy。

 if you will， that's kind of leading you to the thought process ofy I'm taking something from people And we actually I worked together with a psychotherapist and they told me。

 hey， this is actually as a psychological I wouldn't say disorder。

 but it's you know close to having being a disorder。 And it's called the imposter syndrome。

 It's the feeling that you impose yourself others in a very negative way as opposed to hey。

 I'm just given value I'm doing people a favor by hanging out with them。

 So that's what the video is gonna be about。 pretty deep And how do you feel now。

 how I feel now fantastic。 Yeah I mean， you travel。

 I' I just told him earlier that been traveling for two years now and I'm gonna settle down after this very soon old tour a little more after Hawaii back to LA well rent an SeV。

 This is gonna be。 rent an SeV and we' go。See the Grand Canyon Monument Valley and all that because we have a professional film team with me and we're going to film all these amazing places。

By the way， I'm open for suggestions if you know and then Vegas and then back to Austria and then I'll move to Scandinavia。

Cool， yeah， that sounds exciting。 I feel like God travel kind of opens up your eyes broaden your perspective and increases your conversational skill set。

 everything， it makes you grow older， like crazy， you know， I mean， if I look at like。

 if I think about how I felt two years ago when I started with RsD when I met you and know when everybody for the first time。

 I felt like a kid and traveling the world and going through like hardship but also really cool things and real building things。

 it's crazy。😊，I think as a man， there's nothing more attractive you can do for a girl than being a well traveled guy that's seen a lot that's been through a lot and that's created a lot of cool things。

 We're tell about that progression I mean it's it's。Dude I've learned so many things。

 It's like just being being kind of exposed to the outside of your conference zone constantly。

 You know， because what you do and when you drive， when you live somewhere， right。

 you drive the same， the same car all the time。 You're on the same road。

 You see the same buildings left and right。 You go to the same gym。 You meet the same people， right。

 So your brain gets into， it's like almost standby mode， right， You're not challenged that much。

 when you're in a new city every week。 Like we used to do for the last two years。

 you your brain is always on alert。 just a little bit， but there's always an alerter。

 It's this base level。Of stress and that stress， you know， puts pressure on you。 know。

 pressure turns coal into diamonds， if you will。 So you just learn how to handle pressure a lot better。

 You learn how to constantly operate in the outside of every comfort zone。 And then you get this。

 this thing that that I call hot guy b。 It's actually， I got this from Todd Todd says that as well。

 too It's hot guy b， where you're sitting there， nothing throws you off anymore。 And you know。

 instead of just talking to a girl's like You're weird。 You're short。

 instead of getting thrown off by that， You're just like。😊。

It's not a big deal because you're used to travel the world and be on on the edge all the time。

 So a random girl that you just might give me a little bit of shit。 that's not even on your radar。

 and that draws girls in like crazy because they're like okay he's cold。

 He's nonreactive I want to him to react to me And then girls escalate on you。

 that's the basic premise of natural game， the kind of game that I've been teaching now for the last two years。

 Yeah you have a program called the natural can you tell us a little bit about that Yeah。

 the natural It's basically to do with the natural because if you have all these natural game。

 teachers out there。 they say things like oh just be cool。 Just lean back。

 and those are great things because for a guy who's been longer in the game。 it makes sense。

 But for a guy who's a little bit more of a hard case for a guy who's just starting out if you tell this guy just be cool。

 He doesn't know what you want to do。 He's like I gonna be。 But what do I say。

 what do we do this So what I wanted to do with the natural wanted to tackle it from both sides。

 I wanted to take all these advanced。😊，That are super advanced that are you know。

 that are getting a lot of girls and but they're feeling okay。

 they're a little bit on the edge and theyre they're like smashing their head against the wall they just don't know how to get to that next load。

I created this natural game for them so they can tone it back even more。

 instead of being the guy who's getting a lot of girls。

 this guy's gonna turn into the guy that a lot of girls escalate on him。 The girl's taking him home。

 right， And the other side that I wanted to do is for that set newbie。

 that is a little bit confused about these simple things like just be cool。

 And I'm taking these guys。 and I'm saying， okay。This is a structure。

 I'm actually giving them a little bit of structure。

 giving them a little bit of a technique in the first place。 some as some sort of a training wheel。

 right， Then they can go out， get the specific reference experiences that I tell them that they should get would provide them with the right mindset would provide them with all the infield footage。

 So the basic premise is okay， This is the mindset that you should adhere。

 This is how your brain looks like if you， if you get late like a rock star。 right。

 So theyre basically downloading that brain into that brain into you their brain。

 Then then they understand it。 And I thought， okay， understanding is good。

 but they should also believe it。 So I added the entire max hot seat in that。

 which is infield footage。 So they see me going through hidden camera infi footage。

 be myself doing exactly those things。 So theyre like， okay， well， he just did it and it worked。

 So they start believing it。 So they understand it， they believe it。 And then I say， okay。

 now let's go out and do this。 Let's go out， take this reference experiences。

 So I tell the guy what exactly he's got to do it that night that day。

he's getting the proper missions for what we said。 So he implements it。 That's step 3。

 and then step 4， we added it is accountability。 So you watch all the things， you learn it。

 you see it， you do it yourself。 Now you get back in touch with us。

 We added a private Facebook group。 It's secret。 your girlfriend's not gonna see it。

 Your mom's not going It secret in there。 That was guys composed like hey， I just did chapter。

 ABC whatever。 I did that。 I watched it for footage。 I did that。 And this is how it went。

 And me and my team are on their Facebook group and well reply。W in this way， it goes full circle。

 and it gets the best learning experience for that for every person who is part of the natural。

 It sounds awesome。 Yeah， thank you。 What conspired you to create the natural。 Oh man， it， it was。😊。

I've been writing this fucking thing for over a year now。

I've been creating the game behind it for five and a half6 years now。

 And I've been writing it specifically for one year。 And I don't know。

 I just I just it's the coaching aspect。 I've been coaching so many guys in the field。

 And you know at first， I just told them what to do when it was okay。

 Some other guys got it some of the guys did。 Some the guys needed to believe it So I demonstrated them for。

 Some of the guys need to believe it。 And then they needed to practice it and then they needed the feedback。

 So I was basically doing what I was basically emanating with the natural what I've been doing in the field for a very long time。

 So it's actually very close to one on one boot camp。

 So if you live in I don't know a place remotely from anything and you can't get to an R boot camp。

 the natural is a very good choice because it's very， very similar。

 It's almost like I coaching yourself。 How much of it is actual insights versus mindset。

 I would say it's difficult to say because it depends on what what chapter you're in So if you're newbie obviously tell you go to the chapter1 start with there。

 so。The first chapter is a lot about mine it's a lot about inner game because we need what I felt when I was coaching the guys is I could tell them what to do and I could have them talk to girls and things like that。

 but it didn't have much of an impact because their brain was just completely wired differently it was socially conditioned way too much you like oh。

 it's all about looks and money and got to be a gentleman like that in the first chapter we're literally gonna rewire your brain from scratch so we got to detoxify you I think I'm even saying detoxifying in the natural detoxifying you from all the mainstream thinking from all the thoughts that are holding you yourself back because you're your greatest enemy how we like to in the first chapter is a lot about inner game it's a lot about societal structures and social dynamics behind regular interaction and how you can turn those into yours then the middle chapter for the things and I have to say too if you're advanced definitely check out every chapter too because there's always things that you've been missing out So in the middle chapter there。

lot about verbal structure and how to never run out of things to say my game is heavily verbally based。

 and I personally think。Let me talk to girl for 10 minutes。 She's gonna sleep with me。

 I have such faith in in my verbal game。 and I'm I'm gonna show that in the natural as well with verbal drills withinfield footage。

 obviously there's a lot about physicality to how to read the girls from a physical standpoint and when is she ready to be kissed when is she ready to be escalated on how to have her escalated on you how to have super super good calibration。

 So you never come across as like the pickup guy right And then the last chapters basically taking all these training wheels that we've been given you and we'll strip them off。

'll strip all the game aspect off that have been molding you that have been chiselling you。

 And what's left is the core the natural core And then once you went through the program and you're in the later chapters。

😊，That's where you can truly learn。 Okay， shit。 I I am myself。 I'm a great person。 you find selflo。

 It's going full circle。 And we also added tons of chapters about lifestyle development， wingmanship。

 how to be social person， social circle game。' a little bit of text game too。

 right because you're gonna be a lot on your phone if you get all these girls numbers。

 So I had a text game phone game all that。 It's basically going full circle。

 So you check out the natural。 And then you're like， all right。

 now I have everything that I need to get a lot of cool friends to become a cool person to become a charismatic person to get a fuck tons of girls to know how to pull a girl from day game night game。

 online game， everything。 just basically， whenever you see a beautiful woman。

 you don't have to be afraid anymore。 You don't have to run on a things anymore。

 You can walk out confidently and you， try to make something cool happen。😊，Now。

 you're a mentor not just in terms of the natural， butoo camp live programs and you create this curriculum because your massive experience and working with clients and having that mentorship experience。

 A lot of people are always wondering what's in the mind of a mentor when they meet a student。

 because a lot of the students are wondering， know how do I get the right mentor。

 How do I track the mentor and like what the mentor thinks when he meets the and what's his goals are。

 the students will have goals and they'll share them with you。

 But you actually have goals when you meet the students and sometimes even before you meet students。

 Yeah what are your goals when you meet your students。 I mean。

 definitely so the way the way we meeting our students right， I get an email a day or two ahead。

 where they already answer a bunch of questions that our team send to send them to me。

 So I have a little bit of a view already like okay， this guy he wants。

 because some guys are like oh just want to sleep with a lot of women。

 Other guys like I want to get a girlfriend right， So I have a little bit of。😊。

A preview of what a student is gonna be like。 But many times it's always gonna be completely different when the person shows up in real life。

So many times they don't they think their problem is something specific。

 but you can see that this is not their problem， something else is right。

 so they they're lacking self reflectionction sometimes we all do， we all lack self reflectionction。

The first thing that I knows about these students is I would say it takes me 5 to 10 seconds to already like get 80% of their sticking points。

 just like the way they say hi to me， you know， they can't hold eye contact like hey。

 how's it going on boom eye contact They don't talk loud enough They're a very or too much of a body language。

 So I see that very quickly very very quickly And then what I do is in the first and the first half an hour hour。

 I want to get to know those clients So I asked them specific question。

 How long have you been going out whats experience with women what are you expecting from this boot camp what do you think are you sticking points。

 And then I just see okay just from what he thinks are sticking points are and what I see how well this is of self-awareness and things like that and then obviously go in the field very。

 very quickly because many guys are confident with you because they know you from YouTube and stuff but they're like the complete confidence with a strange woman that they just met So you know。

 you expose their sticking points right away and then you we'll fix。

That's very cool I think that a lot of the things that you've taught is also because you're understanding and you have calib with the relationships to form quickly with students because you've done so much also nugg with students with women。

 with guys and girls。Now， when you're interacting with the woman。

 how is your interactions different when you're interacting with。

 say students or when you're interacting with people for business， Yeah， I mean， I mean。

 the relationship is different， right， So if I meet a client。

 this guys paying money to get to get my my view in life， to get my advice。

 a girl's not gonna do that。 So when I see a girl， I don't know。

 being socially uncalibrated or like drinking alcohol， I'm like， all right。

 you do your thing But if I see a student that I'm don't drink alcohol alcohol on my program because you want to get good sober So the ratio is a little different。

 but all in all， my behavior is not very different， I'm still always trying to be the same person。

 I'm trying to be as congruent as possible and I always think it's a very very nice compliment when people they know me from YouTube from a year or two of watching my stuff and they meet me in person that do you exactly like you in the videos。

 that's a very nice compliment， because you probably notice that as well。

 now it is a little different when。Have to act in front of a camera right and you have to like get to you get used to it。

 So my number one goal when I do a video blog when I'm in video is not necessarily to look as cool as possible。

 I'm trying to be as congruent as possible。 So if I'm tired。I'm just tired， you know， there's。

 there's no， no reason to act all hyper。 So I'm trying to be as conruent as possible with that。

 And I'll do the same with girls and with my clients。 So if I'm pissed， I'm pissed。

 If I'm super happy， super happy。 Well， most of the time。

 you seem to have this appearance of super happiness。 even when you're not happy。 Yeah。

 You have this energy。 That's great。 Thank you。 it's a charisma。 see， I do a lot of comments。😊。

AndPeople will say， Nick， when I first created my channel。

 I was just warming up to create my video presence。 Nick， get that charisma， like Max。 I love it。

 You know， I mean， a big part I have to say is because because I'm living my dream， there's。😊。

I love what I do。 I fuck it love it。 I love every single second of it， you know。

 So I guess if I would work work a boring 9 to 5 job that I hate to the guts。

 I wouldn't be that charismatic。 But， you know， everything I do with R SD is。

 is just the best thing that's ever happened to me you know， when I started working with R SD， was。

 it was tough at beginning。 You know， everybody has a very tough when they start with us because were very high quality。

Company， you know， so when I started as an assistanted， broke out of my mind unpaed internship。

 I loved it because I'm like I'm on that path that I always wanted to be on and you know。

 then I became an instructor and things just got better and and every freaking year。

 every freaking day just gets better than the last one and and and it's it's really this like the fact that I could confidently say。

I am doing just what I want to do。 There's nothing I have to go through right now in order to do what I ultimately want to do。

 I am doing what I ultimately want to do。 I just love it every day。 I go to bed。

 and I'm like sick day。 I just can't wait to wake up tomorrow and every day I wake up。 And I'm like。

 let's create videos。 Let's go and talk to girls。 Let's go teach guys。 I really fucking love it。

 And and I think that's also a big reason why why my why my brand is doing so well。

 because I'm not a dude who who tries to。To brush his ego， I mean， maybe a part of me wants to。

 I'm not a dude who wants to scam people into giving me money。 I'm a dude who。

 who likes what he does。I'm a dude who would do that shit for free。

 now I shouldn't not entirely you that。 but I would do this for free。 You know， I don't care。

 as long as I have did for quite a actually did for a while。😊，I did。 Yeah， and even there again。

 I was happy， man。 I was like， dude， I'm on my path。 I'm doing what I love。 if I die tomorrow。

 I will die a very happy man。 Yeah， we create a program where people have to put in a work。

 they value the relationship more exactly pat process。 It's very true。

 Yeah when you invest your time resources and intelligence and value more in long term。

 Now you have that value and that passion。 What is your motivation now。 You know。

 you always have it's funny because I said I I reach my goal right， So you find new girls。

 you find new girls。 and it took me a while to find new girls。

 So what I want to do I'm 26 now I consider myself so pretty young。

 even though I feel my body's getting old。 I consider yourself pretty young as well。

 So I definitely want to grow my bread more and more like right now。

 it's crazy because when I was 24， I a lot more focused on girls， I'm still focused on。

 I I love women。 I love girls I want to have myself with as many beautiful women as possible。

 But my focus is a lot more on business side right now as well just growing my channel getting on all。

😊，The social medias， you know， Facebook， Instagram， Twitter， Snapchat。

 I post multiple times a day on these things YouTube， obviously。

 So it's even like like sometimes I had I have a choice to like when like a beautiful girl asks me out on the day she hang out。

 And I find myself more at once now， say， actually， I prefer a hustle。 And that's cool。

 So I I leverage that hustle phase。 And you know， probably maybe after this world tour。

 I get I maybe told little bit back on the hustle and hang out with more girls chill a little bit more。

 I don't know。 But overall my motivation right now is just grow more， grow more， grow more。

 I'm hungry。 I'm freaking hungry。 And I'm not saturated yet。😊，That's good。 I mean。

 I was talking yesterday to a billionaire。 Wow， I did an interview with him。

 And he was talking to me about how if you want to really get that hustle face。

 You got to be young and broke and full of passion and ambition。

 That's where he's looking for for people in his company that drive。

 It's super But we all putting in that work when you're young， broke poor and ambitious。

 And I've definitely done that Bo his company crashing and couch and trying。

 you start moving your life and focus until those other things。 like right now。

 you're focusing on the business building as opposed to just pure hustle and that brand。

 but you now have that brand。 It's growing， it's gone really， really fast。

 but you also look at someone like myself， I create a YouTube channel because of the hustle I've in the past。

 within one month， that YouTube channel， number of views I'm getting it just as high as almost every other instructor has been hust。

 but that's because I've been doing this for over a decade。 Very true。

 I think doesn't teaches you more than than hustling heartted like you said， crashing in floors and。

😊，It's just， it's just what it does， is it's kind of blurring out the bullshit around it because well。

 what do many 25， 22， 21 year olds deal with like， oh my God， my phone died， my car has a scratch。

 you know， all these minor little things when you crashing on floors。Building， hustling your ass off。

 All those things blur out。 You don't give a shit about any of that。

 All you give a shit about is is creating， creating， creating。

 doing more more more It helps with a focus。 really helps you that I remember my tour my tour reminds of your because I did a global tour for quite a long time。

 especially the first six months in my tour because in that six months， I did 270 cities。

70 countries。 you know how I created that tour， I took out the map in the back of American United Delta magazine and I Googled the cities didn't know what most of of them were I wasn't as well traveled back then and any city that had a population over half a million I put on the schedule and a date and a sign up button and I went to all of1 to three of them a day which one the best Well。

 I have the best in the sense of different things。 For example。

 I love London because you get a ton of students。 It's a great place for college。

 I was just there in London created the max manifesto。 The people always come out。

 They appreciate's why I like。😊，Now one of the places that I consider one of the best is the places I didn't give to explore that much。

 I was only there for one day okay and I wasn't even there for like a full 24 hours。

 but I was so remember it like an adult Disney man it was Prague Oh Republic love yeah。

 I did a program that last year loved it。It's beautiful When I went to a city I was looking for three things one I was looking for places where I could tell my clients to go into the field and then I sent them into the field because back in the day the free tour。

It was created by me。 It was a four hour free tour where I taught for an hour。

 Then I set my students in the field for an hour and a half。 I would secretly record them。

 breakke down to videos and to give a seminar afterwards。

 I would't record every single event because sometimes my students were so many that have to send them out to different venues。

 Yeah， So Id had them sometimes record each other and and share the video It was a lot of fun。

 I didn't even know about that。 And then the day after the tour， I met my wife。😊，Oh， no way。

 What did you mean her， I met her in Park City for a board advisors trip because once a year。

 I rent a mansion in Park City with a team of millionaire entrepreneurs， and we just share advice。

 business， family and personal， Not just wife。I met my wife walking down the street。

 No were gonna to go to dinner。 and my friends， they went into a bar。 I said。

 I don't want to go in that bar。 It looks like a really bad bar。

 You're gonna come out like five minutes trust me。 So during those five minutes。

 I saw her walking down the street and start a conversation with her。 My friends came out。

 I said joining us for dinner。 and she came no that's a story。

 actually day game day game day game but she spent the rest of the night hanging out with got married you had an orchestra playing legend of Zelda your wedding I had orchestra playing a legend of Zelda that I got from New York to my house once month in Harvard。

 there's this really intellectual community of students and I loved the networking capability I love intellectual conversation or。

 just love having people from businesses in academia。

 And even to students that are really sharing stories So what I did as organized a monthly party with a theme。

 So one month I organized a legend。😊，Where I got everything from Etsy that said to Legen of Zeelda and bought 100% of it。

I made my house into the Los woods。 And I had an orchestra play the music from the video game and a chef crate the food from the game。

 Chi potions pot flavors was cool。 got invite me to one of those you do Star Wars yet I haven't Star Wars。

 that is a idea theme party I' bring the Kler Red mask you know there is a chance for us to have a Star Wars party in Vegas。

 There's actually a sweet in Vegas highroar for Star Wars。

 I be a place to do events because I love events as a networking tool business and socially I'm on Vegas。

 My main thing now is organizing smaller events because some of these events we were talking about are large。

 hundreds of people I've been attracted more to like one or two dozen people or smaller events。

 So I've been doing a lot more tastings and networking gatherings of better with a smaller crowd That's true。

 I liked up。😊，ourPeople always ask， do you like the bigger free tours because I I've spoken in front of 500。

 600 people in places like New York or London and LA。But I've also had。

I actually when I came work doing featuress， RZ was pretty big already。

 So I never really had smaller featuress， I think below 70 people I never really had that。

 But even there， those smaller features with 70 people。Those are chilled， too。

 cause I get to sit on a chair。 I face them。 I'm not up on a big stage， you know。

 and there's usually great back and forth。 I have to say。We at RsD as a company。

 as well as individuals， the instructors。 we all grew。

 But I also think our supporters grew a lot as well。

 Like like those guys seem to be smarter than they used to be two years ago。

 They used to be there get better results in everything。 And it's cool。

 Like sometimes these free tours。 It's not just me monologuing。

 It's really like me chatting back and forth。 with the guys that are coming to a free tour or the girls that are There's more girls coming now。

 too， which is absolutely fantastic。 So it's really cool to see that that that what we're doing is actually。

😊，Having an influence on the people that are following us。 And that's really。

 really great because we're all kind of like creating this blurb what everybody's learning from each other。

 And together， we just grow a lot more and than we would do individually。

 That's why we create RSD as a mastermind group， because the power of mastermind group。

 and mentorship isn't just between students also between peers。

 exactlyact That's why I do it for that board of advisors in par City where I met my wife。

 That's why we create RsD because Toddleler could have created his own solo company。

 exactlyact And at first， he might make more money。 But in the long run， he'll make more money。

 more influence， more impact in a world and have that power as a team。

 You can't penetrate the mainstream in the same way as a team without team as a solo person。10%。

 And what actually fascinated me a lot with， because you mentioned Tyler is he's a guy whos how long has he been in the game now 16 years or something。

 And you know， like many people consider him like the best of what he does。

 And he's definitely up there。 what he still does， he's never too good to ask questions。😊。

Hmself like I remember I met when I， when I came back from my first world tour last year pretty much one year ago。

 and I hung out with him。 he asked me about hey Maxax， how do you do day game。

 How would you approach this， How would you approach Jack And for me， it was funny because I'm like。

 oh wow， the great tiler is asking me questions。 He's been in the game for long for a lot longer than I have but。

😊，But it's it's really this humbleness that makes him so good at what he does。 He's like， All right。

 I've been doing this longer than many other people in the world。

 I've been doing it a lot more successfully。 But why the hell would I not ask Max a question So I could even get value。

 She it's really like you gotta be as humble as possible to let that growth happening because if you just sit back and enjoy that youre number one。

 somebodys going take that away from you at some point。

 unless you always humble enough to be open mind enough to grow from people that are actually a little less experience because you can still get great lessons on those guys。

 Abute， the cool thing about Tder is that he's not just a good pickup artists us in business。

 His vision as like the chairman in the board of our company is like a 5 to  ten year in the future game point that is very。

 very beautiful。 I remember like even just two years ago。 He said， you know what we need to do。

 we need to create video teams for each instructor。 Now we have these amazing YouTube videos。

 Then he said we need to get this house is base of operations。

 a place where you could create higher content and then allow me。😊。

And create programs Now we have the hot sea at home。

 and then he's now he's saying we need to get these chief level business people that we brought into the fold and bring them into the business and have them operate to manage things on chief level and we started getting guys likeil and Derek and Stewarts and all sorts of guys were looking to building on it's crazy just like you said division when I heard him first time saying exactly those things I was like he's crazy Tyler has no idea it's crazy's like borderline crazy the ideas that he has because they're so out there and a year a couple months two years later we execute them and it fucking works like when he was I like hey。

 we should we should film with DSLR cameras because we had the Sony handy cameras before they're all automated you just press plan it works and he's like guys。

 we're gonna get we're gonna get DSLR cameras we started tuing with him。

 we had no idea we lost so much footage and everybody's like it's a dumb idea it's a dumb idea go back to what works and he's like no。

body he's gonna use theLR cameras in a couple of years。 Let's create that edge。

 And now we do have that edge。 It was hard for every instructor to implement that with film teams and everything。

 but now we have that edge。 and he's just coming up with these ideas over and over again。

 and I always catch myself thinking that's insane but then it does work out and it's fantastic。

 Yeah it's having a good visionary as a leader。 It's crazy executed。

 It's totally crazy with all the technology that's coming up now the Vr and you do a 36060 degrees and all the live streaming there's endless possibilities for us for a company like that is sharing knowledge I mean you're doing a live stream all the time Yeah I've been doing live stream for the last two months now there are a little off right now because I'm because I have to get back into a time zone but yeah live stream on my phone my phone and I reach 200300400 people and I'm sitting there。

 That's absolutely fantastic two years ago in order to get to 400 people would have to travel New York book a seminar room and everything。

😊，It's a little different to be than in person， but it's absolutely humbling and mind blowing to sit there at home。

In my garden and connect with400 people。 be interesting to see how we could turn it into a free tour。

 Yeah， definitely free Yeah， I mean it had this character or anyone I did my live streams always at the same time。

 and more people would show up， and you kind of know the guys by their username and their avatar。

 it's great。 It's like a little family and it's growing。

 I could always see a guy like join doing that in the UK and Australia。 Yeah if there's a geotrg。

 only people from the UK and Australia could log in I think talking the promotion for that can do okay hey it's only for guys。

 I mean I did for example， I did I did live streams for specific groups R business group for example hey hey guys today I talk about hustle。

 So I posted the link there And I said I'm gonna say questions only from that group。

 but it was still open for other groups。 So if anybody's just to my perico want to join。

 but he's on the group he was to do so as well。 So it's kind of possible。

 Now you're all over Snapchat。😊，Oh yeahep， that as well。 Yeah。 So tell me why。 Well。

 everybody's on Snapchat right now and everybody's on Pokemon go as well。

 So I'm trying to implement that。 I don't know how I will implement it。

 I just shot a video about that talking to girls while using Pokemon go。 It worked extremely well。

 That was the side note， but everybody's on Snapchat。So I was like， well， I'm gonna be a snapapcha。

 I'm a big fan of Gary Anerchuck， too。 You should do a video with him。

 I just invited him to go on a yacht with me in New York。 Amaz， but I mean。

 I've known Gary since Rs D and his company was the same sign。

 Oh no Hey we were both million dollar companies back at the summit series。ow the day。

 I love his stuff。 I watched all Gary Ve stuff。 And I comment on all his stuff support and share it。

 And he's all about Snapchat， too。 And I have 1% trust And he knows what's up。

 There's a high likelihood。 I'm gonna bring him down to Vegas time conversation with all amazing。

 Oh my God。😊，I would be totally awestr。 To starstr。 That would be amazing。 So， yeah。

 and he's like gettto snapapcha。 I went a S snapcha。 And the engagement is crazy。 It's crazy。

 And when if I go snapcha， It's just so easy。 You just like， hey， I'm here with Nick。 Snapchat， boom。

 and a couple of thousand people see it。 It's amazing。

 And it kind of teaches you to create this little micro content， right， cause。😊，What we're doing。

 we instructors， we get good at ranting right， you sit me in front of a 400 people crowd for four hours。

 I ran， I don't stop， I don't care。 But what Snapchat does is it says boy you 15 seconds better bring your point across。

 So it kind of helps you a lot with getting on getting on point getting a lot less ranting and just。

Joll to Cal within 15 seconds。Make makes sense。 I just got on that because I was at T Lopez's office。

 went over Snapchat and they had this thing called the Know Society。 I went to the Know society。

 building I was doing interviews there and I gone to Snapchat because everyone's like here's how you Scha。

 Nick let's get And snap me I was like I'm gonna snap you back got back it girls I mean all these new technologies。

 even know Snapcha not necessarily new。 there's always new visions， new technologies。

 new innovations。 It's really important to get on top of things。

 I think one of the cool things about RSD is to have us share those ideas。

 So in the middle of summit on Wednesday， what we organize as a special event where Tyler is going be teaching all the RSD instructors for a full day during summit instead of us having crucial accountability。

 Cru conversations。 We're gonna be canceling。 Now we did at the last event。

 instead Tyler is gonna be leading the group and having us allmin。 And during that day。

 we hit the middle summit。 We're gonna have no RSD instructor。😊，In the week instead。

 we're gonna bring business and fitness superstars and other superstars in the self improvementement world。

 guys like Greggo Ghernobody guys like a Brandon Carter who held a fitness crew has hundred0 people falling Bill Walsh。

 the sales He's partners with the guys from the secret andmark Victor Han and all sort of interesting people I guess so much interesting for us because it's not just gonna be a dating。

 It's gonna be your first kind of move towards those events that are in the general selfimprov process of like RC founders Club。

 is that first RS core product to try to get us to go into this new direction and how he holistic idea and it's true because know in the core if you want to get better with girls。

 don't just work in your technique or your charisma work in your life。

 get your health handled get fitness handled， get your business handled get handled and then and now when you reach all those things youre true keeper as a man because the girls like okay he handles me well he's funny he's cool my friends like him。

He's also hustling hard。 He also lives healthy。 He also meditates。 he's present。

 He's an extremely wise person and also need the whole package。 And that's great。

 And that's also why we're attracting more and more girls too with our stuff because they're like all right these might be the pickup artists。

 but their ideas are cool and they teach me how to be confident as a woman as well as know it's applicable for any gender I've interviewed tons and tons of millionaires and billionaires and you'll see many of them on our mamin Thursday channel my YouTube channel So I've been asking them what do you think about the concepts we're talking about in terms of pickup and how's it applies to your business and the rest of your life all of them in creating that exact same thing stopped asking that question all together because just proven because really building upon relationships calibration mindsets and all those skills in networking sales and what have you are the similar concepts for picking up girls just love of it in different environments little things that might be different like culture。

😊，different things because you have the bar versus like a boardroom and that kind of stuff。

 But all in all， the ca to social skills， socializing things and tips you teach for that kind of stuff。

 the same tips that we would teach or all these different businesses and ideas1% agreed my mother is a psychotherapist and we love to have great conversations whenever I'm at home when I'm there for Christmas we all hang out we chat shes like do how do you know all these things I studied those because she studied psychotherapy。

 How do you know these things I'm like it's it's pickup taught me the same things。

 it's absolutely fascinating It's the same stuff you learn from the field as well And the thing is you're in the field studying it as opposed to a professional academic who's licensed but they study more from academia。

 maybe they have clinical trials where they kind of go through a certain process。

 but the process that we're creating is the process that they'll be reading about It's just that it's a process that we kind of in the field as opposed to being an academic。

As writing about it in a textbook though we're putting it out there reaching more people。

 I believe that the channel distribution myth that we're hitting。

 whether it's YouTube or channel based， etc ce， will be permeing more than most academics。

 more to most academia， more than most the me the mainstream media in the future because it's 2016 right now and 2014。

 even it was night and day in terms of the distribution of a message and things are changing even more and more。

 And I believe that in the future， almost everything is going to be about the teaching of relationship skills。

 because all these ideas and concepts， technology， etc cea。

 are developing and existing so that as you might have people that are just doing a particular skill set like say a construction worker he's going to be more relationship builder1% agree because because we're in the age of information。

 So all the information。You can easily access that now。 you know， back in the days。

 you would have need to have an expert for ABC， whatever it is。

 right because that guy had the knowledge studying that。 nowadays。

 anybody could be an expert in nuclear physics。 Ask me any questions about nuclear physics。

 I can Google that You know what I mean， like I have the knowledge is like my secondary brain exactly So so what you what's gonna happen is there's gonna be a shift of of factual intelligence towards emotional intelligence because any kind of facts。

 you can now easily access with the Internet， But you can you can。

Google how to have a good relationship， Not really。 you know， what I mean。

 you can't Google calibration。 You can't Google having strong eye contact and。

 and and choosing the right words for a particular situation。 You can't do that。 Not yet。

 maybe in 100 years。 But right now， we're shifting again away from like， oh。

 I know all these facts more towards like， okay， I know how to deal with people。 Yeah。

 that's important。 Awe。For， thanks， Max， it's been an awesome interview。 It was amazing。

 thanks for having me on there。 Thanks for being in this amazing room with all the knowledge around there。

 Its good， cheers。😊。