# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：03.业务_03. Business：08.投资者关系洞察_08. Insight on Investor Relations【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Many of you guys are interested in the business world and have asked me about investor relations。

 I have had a situation where I raised a couple million dollars in order to invest in real estate。

 in terms of real solution dynamics， we haven't taken outside investment。

 All of it was money that I put into the company myself so we could have control。

All this was based on lessons I've learned from good friends of mine that have got investments。

 I had a friend named Tony who got $400 million in investments。

 but because of the pain of his investors continuing to criticize in a way he was managing his company。

 he actually gave them back all their money plus interest to get his company back completely underneath his control so that he would have the freedom to run the company and have the culture that he wanted。

Now for RSD。I wouldn't be doing RSD if I didn't have fun in this company。

 I'd rather not have a company if the company was not fun。 The company， of course， isn't always fun。

 it's a lot of pain and agonizing as any company is。

 because you have to struggle to make ends meet to grow。 And the complexities of it is sophisticated。

 But a lot of times， it has a lot of fun and a lot of passion， lot of innovation。

 And I can appreciate that as part of the culture。 And I want to continue to have that even more so in the future。

So right now RSD is structured where T and I own it all， we grow the company。

 but at the same time we have profit sharing among our instructors。

 we have them having the ability to grow their brand and make as much money as they possibly can because they in of themselves or managing their own teams as if they are out their own businesses and I think that's fantastic。

Because it's very entrepreneurial， it's great to have that culture where everyone could grow together。

 there's what we call meritocracy where you're using merit and you're getting paid for your services。

 and I think that any kind of business system that has that as a basic premise will more likely have successful investment and successful business。

But on the other hand are other companies that require more capital intensive restructuring。

 especially manufacturing companies， I have friends who have plants that do recycling they make tons of money。

 hundreds of millions of dollars yet they had to get investment money so that their plans could survive because they had to pay for licensing。

 they had to pay for buildings， they had to pay for giant machinery and although eventually they could pay back those investments it's needed as opposed to us where we were investing in people and people。

 if they believe in your mission may at first instead of having upfront costs。

 maybe wouldn to work for free， In fact， many of our instructors and staff the majority。

 if not all of them。Will'll work for free for some time within real solution dynamics。

 and that time could be a very long period of time once， if not years。

We had to do crazy financial structuring at first， though， because we didn't get investment money。

For one， we had an American Express black card and we basically created what I call the moneyney tree。

 I actually wrote about this in a financial program trying to hide my identity because it's so hardcore。

 I called myself the mysterious Mr。 X。 So what we were doing was we using an American Express credit card and using it so often that we spent a quarter million dollars every two to three months in the card and we got invited to the exclusive American Express black card。

 It was less than $10000 people that had this。😊，Titanium black card with absolutely no spending limits whatsoever。

 meaning that you can literally buy a house with this credit card as long as you pay it off within 30 days Now to run operations for this company for a long period of time。

 a few years， actually。We use this card in the growth phase where we were growing so rapidly。

 We didn't know what we were gonna spend it on。 At the same time。

 our revenues sometimes didn't mix match， didn't hit or didnt They didn't mix match。

 It didn't actually hit with our expected game plan。 And when those expectations hit。

 if you don't have that backup savings that you could get from investors where it' from family or what have you。

You have a situation where you're short， but what I did find was theres people that were willing to give me short termm cash。

 whether it was going to like a money store with the black card and having them charge it and give me the cash to pay off the card or even going so far as going to a strip club。

You know， if you go to a strip club and you give them your credit card， they might front you $100。

 you could get lap dances and you could tip some dancers。

 The only difference is that I was going to multiple strip clubs instead of asking for $100。

 I was asking for5 to $10000 at a time and in using that to pay off hundreds of thousands dollars in a month from a card and doing that within 30 days until I got in a situation where we could knock down this balance。

 get debt free。 It was pretty hardco。 But if you do have family money。

That is always going to be the best and safest way to do things I've had very very successful family members that have helped me out when I needed them the most。

 not just in terms of intellectual resources， but sometimes in financial resources。

 especially when we had huge huge investments like our websites。

Rebsites like RC Nation have cost us hundreds of thousands of dollars。

 we have back in internal enterprise resource management programs custom and built that have cost close to $1 million the technology that you see behind the scenes in our business。

Is pretty awesome and is well be ahead of the time of most other companies。

 even professional enterprise software companies for a lot of things that they're doing because customized exactly for what our company does。

 what a company needs。 Of course， it's useful to have investors if they have shared interests。

 And it's not just like investors are interested in selling the company。 Most investors。

 venture capitalists that are interested in mentoring you and growing your company。

 are interested in just selling your company。 If you look at TV shows like Silicon Valley。

 you'll see a lot of guys who are just like that or to sharks and jackals like the Gordon gecks of Wall Street who are just there。

 be corporaters to invest in your company and rip it apart and shred it destroy all the value in the company make a profit on the business。

 which is pretty horrible。 But people make living off that because it's possible to do。

Goll be careful about those kind of guys on the other hand。

 there are guys who are actually honestly believing in your product and service。

 they want to invest in your company， they want to invest in your business because mentorship is so valuable。

They are going to give you money for a percentage of the profits in exchange for mentorship and money。

 and their mentorship can guide you， open up doors， open up networks。Now。

 if you're somebody who doesn't have a large network and you want to grow that network and share the network of other successful people。

Maybe investing could be the right way to do it。 I know people who have investor relations also because it gives them a massive safety net。

 That why if you have companies that are say public companies。

 they have massive amounts of cash flow and they have investor relations departments because they have open to anyone who wants to invest because they want the cash flow so that if they have a situation where cash goes down here and there like by 20% basically they have overall loss from one year。

 the whole company just magically doesn't disappear。 So I think at that point， it's very。

 very healthy to have that cash and having that savings net， because managing the cash flow。

 especially when you're a growing company or you're a large company。 there's a lot of risk involved。

 you need to have those safety nets。 you need to have those precautions in effect to protect the interest in the company。

 because you're not relying on just yourself anymore。 you're relying on a lot of people。

 Now most people here who are watching this video probably not so interested in how to grow a massive global company or how you manage the complex sophisticated financial infrastructure soid corporations glow international accounts and stuff like that。

 stuff that I have had to。Learn how to manage。 But I guess the premise and useful knowledge of knowing how investor relations work in business could help people who are interested in becoming a business owner or an entrepreneur to understand what they should and shouldn't do。

 I mean， I personally have never got in like loans， corporate loans。

 business credit lines and stuff like that from banks。 because I was able to invest in myself。

I was able to find credit cards we would find alternative solutions and more importantly I was able to find a way where customers were able to provide cash to us in advance like deposits for boot camps and stuff like that so we could run to the programs and grow the company from the very ground up。

So I mean， it's possible for customerbased expansion to get money from other people to grow。

 but be very， very careful because it does come with a cost and usually that cost is an unknown cost until you really get to know somebody。

 usually people who you work with， you'll not really get to know them until several years is that relationship。

 That superficial first few meetings or that deep relationship that you're trying to build as somebody。

 it doesn't really grow deeper until you really understand who that person is and it takes a while seeing how that working relationship is。

 even your personal friends， your personal friends that you love and you trust and have always had your back。

These are people that will act very differently when money comes into line when I was in Project Hollywood Mansion。

 every single bedroom in a house was part of the same company were working together as a team。

However， there was a time a few months later where every bedroom in that house was competing company and entity。

 which led to all sorts of conflicts and eventually led to me kicking out every single person in that house。

 who wasn't a part of my main core team until that house would just one complete unified company。

 one complete unified mission and vision and eventually eventually just got rid of the house and we're able to run things remotely。

 but to learning lessons of having lived in course quarters for such a long period of time。

 it's a learning lesson that shows me how people will change when moneys involved。

 it changes definitely when you're and any kind of relationship where money's involved。

 whether it's a business relationship， whether it's a social casual loan that's why I also prefer not to ever loan money to friends。

It's it's something that you've got to be very， very cogniant。

 money changes people because it's a symbol， it's a symbol of resources， it's a symbol of worth。

 and it's a symbol to a lot of people for access and a change of life and pace。

 And when people view those things you have to be careful that they're not the kind of people that forget about your friendship。

Forget about how they should have a unified goal mission with you。

