# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：01.种心态_01. Mindsets：1自律_01. Disciplining Yourself_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

One of the biggest challenges that you have when you're in business or in developing an ambitious social circle is having the discipline within yourself。

One of the things that people continually say to me is that I have that strong singular focus right I don't move on to the next thing。

 I stay on top of things， all the way completion and I continue to the next topic， In fact。

 I know that so much that，I always am trying to complete one task。

 get off my plate as soon as possible， even though sometimes I have to be patient。

 I have to wait because there's a process and there's sometimes oftentimes a learning process and during that learning process you have to wait and you have to take your time I'm so obsessed though with making sure that my time is used valuableably and I move on to the next thing and that's why I'm like that。

It's a challenge to do， it's an emotional struggle。

 it's a mental struggle and that's why most people don't deive because the mastery process is not always fun。

 there's also a lot of suffering， there's a lot of pain and you have to push through that in order to go to the next level however from that you know that at the end of all your hard work there's a light to end the tunnel。

 there's reward and you want to seek that award and just push through it that's usually the difference between those people that are successful。

 whether it's in school work or social whether it's in your dating life or whether it's even being in the military。

 but just pushing through see a lot of people have that fear of failure。

It can be more powerful than anything else。other people， they don't， they like fear。

 they have what we call assess barriers， they don't want to do what it takes to move the next thing。

 they are kind of satisfied with that mundane， but I actually have always had that fear of failure。

Forced onto myself， even if it wasn't something that I you know。You know， accidentally had。

 like I think a lot of people accidentally have fear or walk in their situation to be scared。I mean。

 I remember when I first was involved with pickup and I viewed approaching a random girl off the street。

 especially if she was a beautiful girl as a really scary thing。

But I imagine in my head that the fear of me not doing it and that regret and not not knowing was so painful。

 I'd imagine a situation I was more painful， like I would kick myself in the ass。

 I would punch myself in the face like tired during from side a fight club。

 or I better approach this girl。The imaginary alternative was so scary to me that I actually just pushed myself to push forward as success。

That's one of the ways I to disappoint。You also need to have the bright belief systems。

 You need to know that anyone。It can accomplish whatever anyone else can if you just stick to it。

There's a video I saw on YouTube and Will Smith。Famous actor。

 probably one of the highest paid actors， if not the highest paid actor for movies， future films。

Then the only difference between him and the next guy is that he's going to work harder。

And he's willing to stick too。Pushing as hard as you can until he gets his goal accomplished and he says it。

And it's a combination of maybe like 50 interviews of him saying the same thing in different ways。

 and I very， very firmly believe in this exact same thing。You've got to have that endurance。

I also you know， I remember that in the American Constitution or Bill rights or some kind of founding father in the country had this phrase that said everyone on the plan is created equal and when I was a kid I used to listen to that and I assumed that I wasn't in terms of equal rights。

 it was actually in terms of your skill sets in terms of your potential and。For the most part。

 even though it might not be actually exactly true， it is true。

There isn't even playing field for almost anything。You know。

If you look at the mental capacity of most people， almost everyone is about the same。

 but the difference between one guy and the next guy is that we putting that extra work。Now。

 physically。Some people may think， okay， well， there's other things that may make it more challenging。

 like fighting and they have different weight limits， I mean in golf。

 they have different handapps because obviously there is physical things but I won't look at other things like sumo。

I had a friend who was in sumo wrestling and he's like small guys，s like 160 pounds。

 and he was sumo wrestling against guys are literally twice his weight and actually winning just because you could push the weight of the other guy off and win。

It's amazing that she could do stuff like that， but I actually view that as an analogy for how business life success。

All can work as well if you just figure out a way to do it， there's always a way。

I always liked the idea of discipline because I probably had a very strict family。

 I was extremely disciplined， and I always viewed success。

 especially in academicist because it was a measurable。

 objectionable thing when you got graded as something that was useful。

 And so one of the things that got me was when I was first in college。

 I was doing the exact opposite。 I was just parting really， really hard for one year straight。

 I was doing that every single day， literally， and people viewed me as parting all day long as if the party never stopped。

 and I was literally doing that， going out， drinking， hang out with friends all day long。

 And yet right after that school year ended， I joined the Air Force RTC。

 And I was doing military Jodi runs where I was hiking and running and training， doing drills。

 Stay focused。😊，And I remember we would。Run in step and pace， you know。

 and Jodis are like songs where kind of like you're saying a certain cadence to your your songs。

 like going on a mission destination， unknown。 I don't know when I'm ever coming home left， left。

 left， right， left， left， left， Keep it in step。 and stuff like that。

 and just doing that while I was working out。 And I like things like that because it was just like some kind of a routine to push things forward。

 And then you had people that were using the same kind of diligence under physical routine。

 And using it for the mental routine， the leadership。

 And a lot of the skills I learned in the military were a base upon leadership discipline and discipline to stay focused physically is something that also allows just say sharp。

 mentally。 This is the same mental game。 It's the same mind game。😊，Even mean Boy Scouts， you know。

 I was an Eagleagle Scout， and I used to go on long hikes。

 I did a 20 mile hike up a mountain place called Pyramid peakak where in order to protect yourself in the massively powerful winds you had to build a rock and nest to protect you。

And unique things like that， just to see how far you could push your body physically。

 for me was an analogy for how I'd want to live my life and how I wanted to push things to the next level。

 that's also why I got really attracted to marathons and long distance athletics。

When I was doing my world tour and I was traveling the city to city going to every day a different city every month I was still trying to organize some kind of event。

 Ironman Traathlon， a full marathon， smart triathlon， 5K runs。

 I do it all the time every month just to show to instructors I wanted to lead by example and say look if I could do this tour and I could stay physically on top of my game。

And you should not be complain at all because I'm doing basically twice into what I'm expecting you guys could do。

 but at the same time my instructor is now。Creing a massive amount of content because there also is a amount of time where you need to relax。

 play the game， have a lot of fun。And learn and share those ideas and our guys are doing that and taking to the whole new level。

But I mean， looking back。I'm looking back even at my failures， and I learned a lot from them。

 I learned a lot from my learning lessons because。When I look at those things that have caused me pain and anguish。

 those things where I truly failed。Like those times when I tried to pick up a girl and didn't。

 or I was dating a girl and had a massive failure， or I tried to take a certain business tactic。

 and it led to me losing a ton of money。Those are all lessons I' learned from because there's a slight modifications。

 those little things that make it work。Or some modification to the things that made it fail that would make it work。

And those things that happen when it does work。It oftentimes going to work in a very big way if you look at RSD。

 we've continually tinkered with our infrastructure and growth and how much we invest in a budget and how we clarify expectations and how we teach and these small little tinkerings change things again and again and again。

Earlier today， I interviewed G a Mr。 Game Theory。And that was his nickname from when he was a competitive tournamentrment player for the game civilization。

 which is kind of like a tactical game similar to chess。

 and like tactics and strategy like chess and things like civilization because a lot of the social dynamics。

 trying to figure out the puzzles， of how to pick up a girl or filling out the puzzles of like how to build an awesome social circle。

 a lot of it comes from thinking a few steps in advance or what other persons going to say。

 what other person is going to do， just like in dating， you kind of have to like guessimate a lot。

 but from personal experience and from routines and a reference experience。

 you could actually get quite right。He wrote a book that was talking about a philosophy。

 believing that life could be fair， believing that everyone who lives life will die with the equal level of happiness and pain。

 and I kind of like that view because a lot of people。

Will have a lot of pain in their life and it won't know and see that light to end the tunnel where there will be success and if it theory is true that's great now I don't really believe in a theory until it's completely put into practice and have complete evidence but I love studying theories when I know that there could be a way to get things to kind of balance out in your life and it makes sense for me。

 for example， one of the theories I learned from Stephen Covey was the idea that you could control your emotions or you should be living a principle center life as opposed to a focus on money or a focus on some other ancillary thing。

And these theories， although are necessarily proven， just like how religion isn't proven。

 having a strong belief system that you believe in， I think is very important。

 and also could help you have that discipline that you need in that hard work ethic。

