# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第7周-麦迪逊区（约会心态）_Week 7 - RSD Madison (Dating Mindsets)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

We're coming to you from Las Vegas and Vancouver。 I am here with Madison。

 and he is creating a program called Bos， which is an experience of amazing programs on actual insights。

 modules on exercises that I used to call it mission impossibles。 He has as more icon assignments。

 but it's full of interesting ideas that are blue pins for years assessed in the field。

 and we're really lucky to have him be able to elaborate。

 kind of give us a preview on this program So you guys get some inside information about what he's doing。

 and also the intelligence that he's built in terms of his day life。

 his life and also all the different mindsets that he's been developed from traveling around the world for the last few years。

 It's been kind of exciting to have him in the group because I've been watching all of your YouTube channels So Madison。

 let's get inside scoop。 Tell me what's going on So right now sitting on a beautiful balcony Vancouver。

 Canada on the West Coast。 Sun beautiful weather It's a lot like LA weather。

 actually say it doesn't even snow。😊，Here it snowed last time I was four years ago。

 so this is one of my favorite place to come to in Canada not here doing boot camp programs but also out here working on the boss product know a lot of times we say things as products but my mind I wanted to create a program I really wanted to create an experience So you notice back in the day we have these all these dating and self development products we'd say hey sign up for this thing a lot of information it's great information and information is wonderful but there's always a gap there's always a gap between when somebody learns information to when they actually implement it and apply there's a statistic that's out there that says that when people buy books 10% of people actually even finish reading the book that they buy So when I think about that statistic that think people probably pick up programs there's a lot of great information but they don't actually apply the information in it or theyt know how to integrate the information into their life there's a big gap there it's like how do you bridge that gap from information。

And then implementing that information in your life。

 so I started to think about what was the process of that how did I actually learn。

 how did I actually get good at this stuff， how did I what was the best way that I learned？

And I think a lot of people learn visually kinestheically。

 but they also learn through experience right so when I look at I study a lot of psychology and in psychology。

 they say they call it environmental psychology， evolutionary psychology and social scientists those are like the three different levels of psychology you can study So when I look at that they say a lot of times you'll learn based on experience you go through something it's a little traumatizing maybe at first。

 but you're stretched emotionally because of that experience you learn from the experience。

 So I said to myself how can I put together a program that has great information like mindblowing revolutionary new concepts。

 new information from my perspective because of the things that I've been through my life that I've learned but how could I have it where it changes the person's character because a lot of times I mean you'll find this before back in the day back in the old days of pickup and game。

 you would have these great routines， amazing routines and one guy can do it。😊，Fawlessly。

 flawless execution， flawless voice， flawless body language， flawless tonality， flawless， everything。

 emotion into it behind it。 flawless， give the exact same routine to another guy。

 And then he can't execute it the same way。 He can't。 He can't。

 He can't knock it up the park the same way。 So where it really comes down to the difference of the two guys is A。

 their knowledge of the the material， their understanding of the material。

 What it really means what they're trying to convey。 And B， it's their life experience。

 their life experience makes it work。 their life experience。😊。

Makes them what is what makes it successful and I'm sure you see the same thing too。

 Nick and entrepreneurs right， for example， an entrepreneur。

 entrepreneur can be successful based on how many failed businesses he's had you look at a guy like Team part of Ecker or even myself I had three failed businesses therefore now I know what not to do So I learned a lot from those negative experiences。

 but the experiences are really bring all the information together and allow you to really to soar or to kill it So when I thought about with bosses。

 I'm like， hey， how could I make a program where the experiences are the highlight。

 the character is the highlight， focusing on things like character depth， character development。

 honor virtue， boundaries， standards， your ambitions， goals。

 the way not just the way that you interact with women but the 95% of life when you interact with the world on a dayto day basis。

 what does that look like what does that sound like and how do I map that out so it's really really clear to people。

 that's kind of the idea of what。What I'm really working on my skills right now and working on in my programs。

 I really consider it to be a workbook or a work。 I got the idea from one of my favorite books ever。

 ever， ever， which is called the master key system by Charles Hell I read this book Big Mike from Adv nutrients also read this book and this book was a 24 week workbook where you weren't allowed to go on the next week unless you were not allowed to go to next week or the next mission or exercise or homework assignment and so you thoroughly mastered the first one。

 So therefore you're building on each and each and every step。

 it's not just about downloading the information on a cognitive level。

 it's about understanding the information on an emotional intelligence level。

 So that's what kind of things I think about right now and yeah that's what what I'm working on。

 Well considering that so many of these exercises that you're doing in boss are really trying to get people to take their stuff to the next level I'd love for you to share with RC foundunderers Club members。

😊，An exercise or homework assignment that you think would help them。

 some kind of a mission impossible。Yeah。There's two that I recommend right off the bat for anybody。

 anybody， anybody。 So you know as a young this program is designed mostly for men。

 but is applicable to women as well it's applicable to anybody in all walks of life。

 So I'll explain the problem and I'll explain the mission of how it solves a problem so the problems are a society generally these days is that a lot of people just don't know who they are they think they know who they are based on how their life is treated them with their experiences and their upbringing things they went to like that's who I am that's who I am right now it's a story of me and they think they know who they are but they're not actually sure who they are and also we judge ourselves by experiences。

 we think because we experience something that's who we are for example。

 a kid that grow up in poverty in a third world country。

 he does that mean he's obligated to a life of poverty now should he be poor because that's what he experience his whole life that's that's the question I think about on the other hand somebody who's had a life of poverty。

 does that mean that shouldn't learn they shouldn't learn to be better。

They should not improve themselves should we judge somebody that's had the experience。

 not necessarily， so you know， I think about。I think about when we have these experiences。

 how do we divorce ourselves from old experiences of the past and then learn new experiences and go through new experiences to change us and adopt that new identity like can RSD we always say deep identity that change So the problem with our society is right now。

A lot of guys， particularly are spineless， spineless。 Now what does that mean when I say spineless。

 it means they just don't know a what they stand for， what they believe in， what their values are。

 And B， how to even stand up for those standards or those values or beliefs。 Now。

 when I say guys are spineless， It doesn't mean that I expect them to be like spitting on people when when they get disrespected and getting into bar fights and I don't mean for them to be like。

 you know， insulting everybody on Internet who who calls them a bad name of getting into fights all the time or being aggressive or like。

 you know， being being a chauvin is picked to women。 It's not what I mean。

 when I mean when I say guys are spineless。 I mean they just don't know what their moral compass is。

 What is their code of conduct。 Every guy needs a code of conduct to live his life。

 So then people come in contact with him， they know， oh， shit。

 I might not agree with the way the guy lose his life。

 I might not agree with his values or his principles or his standards。

 but at least he has a code of conduct。 At least he has depth。 That's a key word。 Okay， depth。

 So a lot of times you'll see。We'll see like I mentioned you before and pick。

 we'll see these things where we recommend a guy go out and do a technique and he does the technique physically on the surface level has flawless execution。

 but there's no depth to it at all。's it's just movement just words and movement There's no depth to it。

 So the depth is really where you'll see guys go up and say hello and the girls are automatically just aroused or excited me and O something we talk about called a lot have it's called0 percent engagement but0 try that only happens when you have depth。

 when you have no depth you can't do that。 So for example。

 two things that I recommend a guy can do right away to start first thing is number one go to a restaurant。

 go to a restaurant， any restaurant you choose。 maybe but ideally it would be a new restaurant youve never been to before go to that new restaurant and order something on the menu that you've never tried before you're gonna be expanding your comfort zone great because you're trying new food Maybe you've never had duck before。

 Maybe you've never had a kale salad before。 Maybe you've never had some sort of seafood before。

Go out and try it Now when the food comes， here's the key part。

 here's the clutch part when the food comes and the food is not what you expect。

 it's not what you expect it was not accurately described on on the menu or for example。

 you order a steak and it's not cooked exactly to your perfection exactly the way you ask for it to be well done。

 medium and rare whatever。Return it。Ask for the food to be returned， return the food。

 ask for the alterations。 do this two or three times。

 no wonder how many times it takes for the food to be exactly what you expected。

 Okay now it seems like such a minute thing。 It seems like a really， really small thing。

 but a lot of people don't even have the gull， the gull to do this because we're raising such a people pleasing society where we try to make everybody happy by making everybody like us。

 but the world's not designed for everybody to like you。

 The world is designed for you to be happy to be perfectly honest。

 I think some people have this like happiness privilege acting into that's a whole new subject。

 this happiness privilege。 but a lot of people don't have it。

 So we're afraid to offend others by asking for what we want， We're afraid to impact the world。

 we're afraid to say who we are and what we are。 So just this simple。

 small act of returning food at a restaurant。 there's a little bit of confrontation there。

 but it has to be a respectful confrontation。 not like this food is disgusting pathe like the tape flip the food over。

 It's not。It's a little bit of a respectful confront。 We get to learn to express yourself。

 say what you want， what you don't want learn to articulate it， consider the other person。

 the waiter， how they feel empathetic， whatever， whatever。

 but still get what you're looking for the result or the goal that you want that's one of the things I recommend and I have a few others as well I'd be curious to hear what your thoughts on that because I think it's something you actually naturally do very。

 very often I've seen you be very adamant about getting things the way that you particularly like them。

 I'm kind of curious how you develop that in life。 that's always been a skill that you had because something I actually had to learn。

Well， you know， I've gotten food that I've returned。

 but I don't do it very often sometimes we'll get the food and I'll say， you know what。

 I'm really to try something new， I haven't ordered this， but you know what。

 I've been cool at trying this because I haven't chat this before。But I definitely do think， yes。

 establishing boundaries of what you're not able to tolerate is something that you definitely need to be able to convey effectively and efficiently and a lot of people don't do that and that takes place in your personal life as well。

 especially when you're developing relationship， just understanding what you will not tolerate from your friendships or from your business relationships and people are not giving you the trust or respect you're feeling。

 you need to convey that definitely in a respectful way。

 definitely in a way that doesn't show antagonism or is're basically just going end a relationship。

 but just in a way where you can just convey， you know what this is what I'm interested in doing and and I wonder like if you're communicating with this way if it's not how I want to be communicate with or I guess when people are giving you issues。

 problems， things that are getting in your way， you need to communicate what you're feeling。

 what you're expecting out of that relationship， I guess people will always say that's kind of what we call query of expectations。

And if you don't establish what those are in terms of what you will want to tolerate then you're kind of stuck。

 you don't need to like lay it down like you're trying to create the law。

 You could just do it in a very simple mannerof factact way of just showing what you won't tolerate。

 Like if somebody is giving you shit know， you're just not gonna tolerate walk away， know。

 you can make some jokes about it or you can just straight up going do that's totally not cool。

 I mean， the same thing goes in terms of like business social settings， relationships would have you。

 But I do think it's an interesting exercise and for those people that are newbie。

 I guess the challenge that I only concern is when I hear exercises where people are gonna be returning food。

 I'm just concerned that people might do it and get too much fun out of it and might try to do it instead like two or three times I might try do it three times in the same day。

 even when it's right， What about what about an exercise also where people。😊。

Maybe it's any other exercise。 I'd love to hear that too， Not that exercise is not they shouldn't do。

 I think they could toy do that， but I'd love to also hear another exercise as well。 Yeah， sure。

 Ash before because my concern is they go to a restaurant and they're like you know what this food is perfect but Madison said。

 return that food So I can't complete my exercise this week。😊，Go out to another restaurant that week。

0 restaurants that week for the college kid。 Now I'm just kidding。 Yeah。

 before before I'll share another exercise。 I have I have a few in mind before I get into that。

 I just want to kind of comment on what you said something that made a lot of sense So a lot of guys think game is something you you do on。

 You turn on when you're around a girl。 Like I'm gonna go do the game now I'm gonna do the approach。

 I'm gonna go turn on my pickup personality。 But game is not that game is not 5% of life game is 95% of life。

 It's how you choose to go around and about your whole day every interaction that you have。

 So it's really a manifestation of what you feel internally then expressing that to the world or what's going on in your inner world as they say very spiritual what's going on in your inner world and then expressing that inner world outwardly for other people to see they can either respond to it or not。

 So I think about。😊，When I think about these exercises。

 they're not always just done to they're not done to antagonize the people around you。

 They're done more so you can start to learn how to express what you think and what you feel openly and not be too concerned about critique with still having empathy for people around you I use this actually I used to use this kind stuff a lot when I would go on dates to be perfectly honest So you mentioned you mentioned even in the business relationship。

 there's standards and expectations And if the business relationship doesn't meet those expectations both people are gonna be satisfied even on a boot camp program we have this business client relationship where the first day of boot camp。

 we explain the expectations of boot camp we know if the expectations aren't met at the client and there's not a groundwork of expectations。

 people are gonna to be disappointed now in regards to dating life， I know you're married Nick。

 but understand back in the day， you want to have expectation about what the value of your time is You want to have expectation about what kind of place you're gonna go to even maybe expectation of is this a friendly casual coffee meet up or is this the actual。

ate with drinks that can go somewhere right you want to have expectation of the date where you go into it。

 I find a lot of guys when they go into date。 So just like I got an opportunity to meet meet up with this girl。

 A， great。 and just run to the date and therefore they get disappointed or taken advantage of because they don't have those kind of groundwork expectations done of what this really is this like a friendly like interview of social meat over lunch and coffee or is it like the 930 PMm drinks where we're actually trying to screen each other to say we're sexually compatible。

 mentally compatible or emotional compatible。 So I think one of my successes has been always putting those expectations out there initially at every conversation that I have。

😊，So for a second little exercise you can do this， this may not be your favorite either if you go at the restaurants。

 because this involves kind of just general public。 So I kind of got this from。

 I kind of got this from。From from Derek okay， so there is this this infamous story of Derek going out and refusing to tip at restaurants or anywhere he goes。

 any kind of service that he does， kind of refuses to tip。

 Now of his kind of belief on that is that if you're paying for service you're paying for adequate service。

 a well done service。 So there's no need to go above and beyond there's no need to go above and people are paying for。

 I kind of think it makes sense to pay for a service that that's done well and I have no problem with tipping。

 I tip when it's appropriate。 Now my understanding is that he does tip when he does tip when when it's somewhere around his local neighborhood and it people like he'll be seeing over and over and over again。

 when he sees them a lot， he wants to keep that relationship going， he'll tip。

 So what I recommend somebody do is you know， go out to a place。 But if the service is not adequate。

Don't it。Now， what does that mean for adequate service。

 The expectation of the service the expectation of， for example， you get a bartender。

 if you go to a drink go to a bar for a drink， you go to the bartender， what is the bartender doing。

 The bartender is pouring one bit of alcohol from one glass into another glass。

 That's what Jerry Seinfeld says's like bartending and pharmacy pharmacy is very funny。

 put one thing from one container to next container。 It's actually not that hard to pour。

 So when the bartender pours you a drink， you're actually paying for the service。

 What is the good service。 The service is they remember your order。

 The service is you've been waiting there for five minutes and they actually get you a drink depending on how crowd of the place。

 The service you order your drink and they'll take forever to bring it to you。

 Maybe they put a coast or a napkin down， Maybe they ask you how's your day going。

 that's good service。😊，If you go for a haircut right might be the bartender or sorry the barber at the haircut place。

 he asked you a little bit about what's going on， are you working from where are you from。

 what are you working on， the bartender had a little bit of a social conversation I was in a taxi the other day I was on a taxi going from the airport and this guy just popped this trunk and demanded that I put my luggage in the back of his taxi the whole time I was on a taxi。

 he was on his remote phone talking to somebody in another language I didn't understand。

 didn't engage me one bit of like and then he also missed the turn so needsless to say this taxi guy did not get a tip on the other hand。

 I was in a Uber the other day and the Uber guy came and got my bags， put them in the back。

 asked me if I wanted certain music asked me if I wanted any water if the air conditioning was nice and then when I got out the Uber。

 he actually took my bags and had a schoolbag with me a camera gear。

 put my school bag for me over my shoulder and then I had the schoolbag over my shoulder and hes like thank you。

Like thank you very much so this is not a again， this is not a conversation between taxi drivers and Uber and I want to get to that debate。

 it's not a conversation of whether taxi is better than Uber。

 whether Uber is illegal I don't want to get into that debate the whole thing I'm saying is。

Tip for service that's adequate。 So often we feel pressure to tip for service that is inadequate。

 which I feel just continues to allow the person to do an inadequate service。

 If you actually tip somebody if you tip somebody who's doing a bad job in service You're actually doing them a disservice because you're conditioning them to continue to be poor at their job。

 you're actually conditioning them to continue to be crap at their job and then therefore they take this crappy attitude。

 this crappy level of service onto to the next job they have the next job， next job。

 you're doing them a disservice because they can't excel in their life， How are they。

 how are they ever going go from the guyss flipping burgers at McDonald's to maybe the the manager at McDonald's to maybe a manager at a car dealership or whatever it is。

 how are they going excel and they're constantly being rewarded for a subpar level of service。

 It doesn't make any sense。 So， I mean， that's the psychology that I have about it。

And I'd be equally interested to hear what you say， Nick。

 because I know you probably have your own psychology about。

 your own value is your own principles around it。 But I think the key thing for viewers to understand is that the idea is that a guy just has solid boundaries。

 no matter what they are， they could be more to the left， more to the right， more stream。

 more conservative， more liberal， more Republican， whatever the boundaries are， they're very。

 very clear。 And I'm sure a guy that's good at game or self development or pickup or success has strong boundaries that he lives by。

 So'd be curious to hear what your thoughts are around you know。

 restaurants and tipping in service and things like that。 Well， these are all issues。

 conditioned that are conditioned upon some kind of negative thing happening。

 And when things that go wrong， then you should definitely respond in a way that shows that you're ready to not tolerate that kind of behavior by。

😊，Taking some kind of action。You know， so I mean if people say that people are not communicating with you in a way that you feel susceptible。

 you got to basically just share those ideas and if I had a situation where somebody was not give me the service they wanted right in the middle of that service I would start talking about and say。

 hey man， I need to do this， you get to help me out here because this is what I'm looking for when I'm coming to do business with you。

 this is what I'm looking for because you're talking about things running into business。

So that's what I would try to do so that at the end of the day。

 they have a chance to reconcile those situations and go forward at the same time though。

 what I've been talking about in terms like mission impossibles is that I was looking for something that was unconditional。

Meaning that let's say that I have a member that wants to just have an assignment。

Requiring some kind of bad thing happening or even a good thing happening does not require a certain situation in service or no service happening。

 Give me an example of a mission impossible homeoke assignment you would give somebody in RC founders group that's not conditioned upon something happening as a prerequisite for you being able to fulfill that requirement Yeah absolutely so did I also don't want a situation where you're looking for a situation wherey。

 this guy's offending me I cant tip them。 This guy's give me bad food。

 What about a situation not necessarily requiring to have to do something that's good or anything at all What's just something that you think that will help somebody that will move forward in your life or。

Let me take a step back here。If you think that there's situations that are only I mean。

 if you're looking for mission impossible because I guess I'm just used to give impossible or unconditional。

 I'm not gonna acquire you to do that。 I'm just curious are all your missions conditioned upon some kind of habit or thing happening to that person for whether that could respond and that is exercises。

 Yeah， very good question。 very very good question。

 So this is actually something I talk about in a mastermind with Jeffy about a year ago。

 something that I let's talk about characterbased development， There's two ways to it。

 There's a reactive part， which is what you're mentioning。 and there's also a proactive part。

 so the reactive part is when is all the all the shit that life throws at you。

 It's all the hurdles that life throws out you know something happens when when a relative dies when when you lose a job when a girlfriend cheats on you that's a reactive part。

 that's when stuff happens to you the way you roll the punches in life。

 the way you decide to process your emotions in that moment。

 And then after you process your emotions， you make a right action。😊，That's that's one part。

 but there's also a proactive part。 I think the proactive part really comes from deciding to be to learn new skills。

 I think of it as being a Renaissance man Okay， a Renaissance man is the type of person that。Well。

 Leonard da Vinci was actually the original Renaissance man， but you have guys like Leonard Da Vinci。

 Isaac Newton， you have guys that you know throughout throughout history。

 you can even say maybe even Howard Hughes but you can debate whether Howard Hughes is crazy or not that's widespread knowledge but all these guys were renaissance man So a Renaissance man is a guy that makes a decision to go ahead and learn new skills and do things that are a little bit outside of the box and challenge himself whether it be going into the social status quo and trying to innovate in your art life or career life or personal life or a Renaissance man could be a guy that says I want to do something that's never been done before or I want to do it better but a renaissance man。

 the original term of it actually you can go and Google this it's somebody who is somebody who's a skill has a skill of many things a person has many。

 many skills So and many eclectic skills so they say say liberal arts science。educationcation。

 health， spiritual， religious matters， all those combined。

 you want to develop yourself in all of those areas so that you can find your niches in those areas。

 which is a whole process in itself which I can you know dive into long and long。

 long and hard about how I did that， but。So to be a Renaissance man。It requires you to。A。

 learn a new skill and B express that skill to the world。 So once again people。In our society。

 especially the guys that are learning this stuff， probably， you know， the guys that are fans of RSD。

 the guys that are fans of self development， they probably have a whole bunch of skills。

 but they probably don't express those skills outwardly to the world when they meet new people。

 like I， I have a friend of mine。 Okay， It's actually my roommate right now。 I found out that he。

actually， I knew that he would play guitar for a long time。

 but I didn't actually hear him play guitar until two months， two years later in friendship。

 I didn't see him play guitar， and he could riff。 He could rail like crazy he could whil he could whil the guitar like crazy。

 And I never unplay for two years。 He had to pitch maybe on social media， Instagram。

 but he never did it。 He never made it the highlight of his abilities。

 He never presented it for the world to he never share it with others。

 Now his argument was he's a very humble guy。 He doesn't like to be social media he doesn't like to really show what he's all about he likes people to uncover people to like find him and uncover his skills。

 but know in the the world of dating or just social social media， so many options。

 have 4500 friends on Facebook。 how much time do you have to how much time do you have to investigate each individual person that many people are society。

 I don't think there's a lot so。This is a guy that has skills， but he's not pintting them out there。

 Now is guitar playing a renaissance skill necessarily two things I recommend somebody can do that are kind of not renaissance skills but bottom day skills。

 Here are the two things you're looking for， Nick。 The first 1 I would say is a。😊。

Learn an art that teaches you patience， patience and emotional control。 So that could be poker。

 for example， I used to work for one of the largest online casinos in North America。

 actually in the world。 top three。 I did all their casino marketing back in the day。

 And what part of that being the company was I learned how to play poker。

 And I went to a lot of cash tournaments。 Okay I would do just a regular cash tournaments for that。

 And I did that for about a year。 was I wasnt amazing at it。

 but I was good enough to win like a couple hundred bucks， you know。

 hundred bucks every time I did it。 now。😊，I enjoyed that because I'm a very excessive person。

 I'm a very excessive， very impulsive person。 When I do anything I do to the extreme。

 probably I'mD instructor I'm it helps to be excessive in this role。

 whenever I learn a book I sit down and I devour the book and I absorb the book and I read it like great detail like I live the book。

 I breathe the book when when I have it So I'm a very excessive person So when I learned this this poker stuff。

 I dove into it very deeply now on the flip side， you might not be an excessive person。

 And if you're not excessive， you might have to learn some things that are a little more excessive little more like bungee gentleman or skydiving or whatever it is it depends on your personality。

 So for myself was poker and while I played poker， I had to learn to control my emotions because there moments in the game where I want to bet I want to bet just to prove a point I want to go hard on that hand just because I can just because I know that guys been playing around with me or he's weak and I want to destroy him or something along those lines and I go hard on that But what I had to。

😊，I that not to let my emotions get in the way not to be overly excessive or compulsive。

 but to have selfcontrol and selfa while playing poker and therefore I could win the long stretch I could sacrifice。

 and I think we talk about this last time in a book Hannibal and me sacrifice the imposter victories of the shortter wins for the longter wins。

 that's one thing somebody can do learn to play poker it's a great skill for a guy to have because it teaches him to almost manage his own mind Por is not even necessarily playing against other people。

 I found poker to be playing against yourself。 Por is selfmanage That's what I've learned。

And another one， another one a guy can do is he can learn the art of making wine。

 I first discovered making wine about4， three or four years ago I'd go into these wine shops and I' buy these wine kits。

 maybe 120 for these wine kits and they look at me kind of funny because I was like a young black kit I wasn't like an old Italian or whatever the stereotype is and I go and I buy these wine kits and I'd make wine in my's kitchen all throughout the spring the winter actually winter spring because that's where the temperature is good in the house and therefore after that。

 my idea was like I'm going to make this wine， I'd be able to it to my friends and my family around me and share it people but the art of making wine was really。

 really hard because while you're making the wine you're always tempted to drink it drink it。

 drink it every single time Some people go to a wine bottling place。

 I don't recommend when you go to a bottletling place I recommend you actually make the wine yourself。

 So there's gonna be a period where there's I think 10 days of fermentation then another after about。

Four days of that I think you maybe put into a carvoy where you transfer the one from one container to another then's some more fermentation that happens and you bottle it。

 you gotta save it for a while， etc cetera The old thing you take about 30 days I think 30 or 45 days can remember the exact time but the point is。

When you're doing this wine stuff， you're learning so much about chemistry a。

 which is a huge chemistry is a huge renaissance man skill， learning about chemistry。

 learning about patience as I mentioned kind of like a poker。 and you're learning about processes。

 Therefore everything happens in due time。 Everything happens in due time。

 I think winemaking really relates a lot to actually business。

 you can tell me how you feel about this as well， Nick。

 I'm really curious to get your opinion on this。 winemaking relates to business because I remember back before my marketing career。

 I would do marketing for a huge jewelry company。 and it comes to me and I had these great ideas I' this's a great business idea。

 It's amazing business idea。 We got to do。 we got to do it right right now let's do it。

 and the CEO would be very patient。 look at me and say it's a great idea but now is not the right time。

 It's not the right window。 you could have great ideas all over you could have great ideas all over the place but when you have these great ideas。

 Sometimes it's not the right time to do these great ideas。 There's a pretime there's a posttime。😊。

Depends， it depends。 So you could have a great idea。 But for some reason。

 it's not the right time to do it。 You have to be patient。 Ex the idea when the time is right。

 So that's something I learned in skills。 That's something I learned from wine making as a matter of fact。

 because Id had these great ideas It wasn't time to pull the trigger on them。 The seasons。

 life comes in seasons and business comes in seasons And wine making comes in seasons。

 Re comes in seasons。 and you might have a great， in terms of dating。

 you might have a great great opportunity to go in a date， great girl etc ce。 But she's not ready。

 And if you force that season， you could actually end up hurting yourself。

 So what what you what are your thoughts on like doing things at the right time in terms of business。

 I play poker and I actually have gone through that process of making wine myself。

 In fact I made some wine andrupier。 I didn't go through the same process that you were describing as I use a bowling company myself cut through the edges of everything However。

 I do like activities that youre recommending in terms of playing patients。

 I know that Heartstone or ch or other strategy games you have to。😊。

W for that person to make the move also helps but a cool thing about what you've described you describe activities where a lot of it requires you to really take that thought process and really think and be patient about a lot of people will get really agitate or nervous even when you're texting girls to go out in a date or even the business world where you try to set an appointment with someone who's really important in decision maker and you just can't deal with that anticipation because a lot of things are outside of your control if you're texting a girl that you hope is going to go out with you and you're waiting for her to respond。

 it might be a day to，3 or four until she responds as opposed to most girls where they respond right away it doesn't necessarily mean that she has any issue it might be an issue of her just being busy or traveling or something you never know same thing goes in the business world if I'm reaching out to really important contacts or relationships and try to lock that down So developing that patient is definitely that's really important and it's kind of a balance because in business everything goes so fast and you want to maintain that speed of execution and write things for just get things done and try to do it in a right。

At the same time， it's a huge challenge's a huge of。Balancing act。

 we're trying to decide what's the right move and what's not the right move。I guess for me。

 a lot of it has to come down with that thought process of strategy， a personal strategy。

 and I think that even in your personal life， whether it's not related to business。

 not related to dating， even if it's just your personal life where you have certain things that happen to you like whether it's like a tragedy and you need to respond to somebody and try to console them sometimes it's that patience of waiting and hanging back and saying you know what。

 I need to give this person some time just to be by themselves and just not interfere with that and even that could be a huge challenge in your personal life so just trying to think strategically of what's going to get your best result that you need。

Is a huge issue。 And sometimes it's an issue that really affects you on an emotional level and trying to control your nerves when things get tough is something that really requires a lot of patience。

 And I think that last exercise is something that you can definitely do unconditionally。

 because I also like the idea of exploring a wide variety of things because you're getting outside your comfort zone you're exploring new activities。

 know some people aren't really into alcohol。 you all do it forrup beer or soda。

 Some people aren't necessarily into like card games。

 We're gonna do it with like a video game or something else。 But I mean。

 there's many many activities that requires strategic thinking。

 And I love the idea of people trying something new。 you might not have tried before。

 to get that added value of doing something that they might find a new passion for。

 it's something that also involves patience。 So I mean。

 it's not something where you're just going to say， okay go out and try something new。

 maybe something new as we running a marathon。 One does really require patients。

 but something that requires some strategic thought process It's some thinking I think that's really cool。

 I like that exercise you gave there I。😊，The other thing that I was thinking。

 just from hearing what you're talking about was I was surprised that you also had that Renaissance concept because that's actually something that I also was talking about my last video that I did to Venetian where I was talking about how in my life。

So much of it just growing up was trying to get a wide variety of skills My father used to tell me all the time you know don't be the jack of all trades at the master of nu。

 you need to be somebody that is going to be successful on focusing on one particular thing if you look at。

 say a surgeon， a surgeon that might be a specialist in a particular kind of surgery is going to get paid a lot more money than a typical doctor who's a generalist。

Now if you want to become a business owner， I do think that having a wide variety of understanding of all these different business skills is definitely important。

I think that for me， that's something that I tried to do。 at the same time。

 I'm not the master of everything。 I'm not trying to be the master of the universe or he man。

 I'm trying to be the person who's。Game master in particular skills。

 but has that broad range at liberals arts education。 I know that if you go to an IVD school。

 a lot of them huge focus is that when you're working your undergrad。

 as opposed like a master's or a PhD， they want you to have a wide breadth of experience。

 whereby you might not ever use biology in your profession， you might not ever use， say。

 electrical engineering， but they might have classes that are offered to you in that curriculum as an undergrad。

 because by getting that variety of experience。 you're accomplishing that thing I was originally talking about。

 finding a new passion， but you're also getting an understanding of various things that in life。

 you're surprised oftentimes that you might have like focus。 I could say you study like history。

 for example。😊，People will study history and I'll say， you know what。

 why am I studying this particular guy who dealt with this revolution or rebellion when it has nothing to do with me。

 but when you think about it， it gives you the context of what it's like to be under a stressful situation。

 your pressures of leadership that you might have gone through try to step into his shoes and by having those things that are very outside your element when a time comes in your life when you have those situation that are extremely intense and you have those experiences that you can relate to other people。

 it allows you to develop that empathy。 The bigger problem I have is a situation where I just don't have any empathy or understanding what that process is and therefore you don't have the ability to develop emotional IQ with that person because if you're doing with a person who has that issue and you can't really relate to it then you're not gonna be able to make a connection and in life。

 business and your personal life is all about relationships。

 how much you like the other person but also how much you can really relate to that person so that you do have some ability to have synergy you're more likely to want to do business with that person。

 my life personally if I can。Like another person， even if I could see that synergy。

 I'd rather not do business with that person。 I can develop the trust and respect。

 And that's one of the hugest issues that I think that are happening。

 The same thing happens when you're having long term relations。

 Not necessarily in the short term pickup you're trying to pull， but in long term relationships。

 you definitely have to have that core boundary and foundation。

I guess in terms of like even shortter pickups， there is a level of that as well。 I guess for you。

 when you're hitting the field and most of your interactions。

 you're going out to the field you're traveling to see the city week by week and you're having these short termm intense adventures How much like trust and rap and understanding empathy Are trying to calibrate for when you're interacting with girls in these fast pickups as opposed to these longerm relationships I've been talking about Yeah that's really interesting I think when it comes to the whole dating stuff or the pickup stuff It's actually 100% the same。

 it's 100% the same Like guys don't understand that it is say how is that possible but it is like I have a lot of infield videos where guys will comment on and they'll say。

 oh Madison just walked up and he was a cool black guy and that was it like what was his opener What did he say it's not what I said It's who I am in that moment It's who I am all the stuff that you just talked about about understanding how strategy works and being in the right emotional headspace that you can execute this。

😊，at the right time， the stuff you talked about about understanding how people are feeling synergistic relationships where everybody's win。

 win， all those things like learning a skill and diving deep into it。

 I express all of that in the first minute。5ive minutes， I express all that。

 So when it's time to leave a club with a group of people。

 they just leave the club with me usually it's it's no， there's no， there's no effort， there's no L。

 there's no， there's no。No， I can't go kind of thing it's just like yeah， let's go。

 It's because they they're like， okay， this is a guy who knows what the fuck is he's doing。

 This is a guy who knows what he's about。 He's made that decision that what he wants to say in life。

 who he wants to be in life， what his goals are in life like all the stuff we talked talk about synergistic relationships。

 I have skills， of course that I have， but I've also narrowed down or refined and foundation niches in those skills and I express that to the world right a guy who like I gave an example before a guy was playing guitar。

If a guy's playing guitar， he should talk about that in the first three minutes。

 there's no reason why he shouldn't talk about that。 It's not try hard。

 It's just putting himself out there。 It's late for the world to see He should talk about the details of the guitar。

 the difference of the strings， why he plays this kind of guitar。

 why this other person A versus person B was the best guitarist of all time get really。

 really into it And so。When I'm out in the field week by week and I don't have a lot of time to interact people。

 I express this stuff right away in depth in depth I diveed straight in and deepen that way people can make the decision about if somebody they want to have a synergistic relationship with or not It's the same thing with business you want to do business as you mentioned with a guy or a girl who you trust and who you know but a lot of times we just don't give people the opportunity to know what we're about either we don't know or we hide it from ourselves B。

 we hide it from the world， I have no hesitation about that。

 I think life is too short to go through life with opportunities of people missing you。

 Do you know what I mean like life is too short， there's so many people like I'm gonna think right now think he has a million people in it even if I wanted to it。

 I couldn't connect with a million people why go around depriving people the opportunity to to meet who I really am and then and only be able to maybe meet 10000 of the maximum even if I tried even if I try。

Being in the city I can only probably meet 10，000 people a year and there's a million people in this city so why why even bother to not show that。

 why bother to deprive them the opportunity， why bother to be sheltered and scared because life is so short and opportunities are so short So you know there's gonna be a large majority of people that don't resonate with you。

What your message is， what your kind of like mission statement in life is。

 There's gonna be a lot of people they resonate with that。

 And that's absolutely fine because there's gonna be another 5000 that do somewhere。

 And your job as a human being is to go through life and find those 5000 people that you resonate with strongly。

 those 5000 people that love you as they say in hip hop music。

 those 5000 people who are gonna be right or die。 That's your goal to find those people and resonate with those people make connections with them And the people who don't resonate with you don't hate on them don't don't neglect them。

 just wish them the best， wish them the best and all their future endeavors and they find people that they resonate with as well。

 But I really like what you said the parts about the syngistic relationships and diving deep into a topic。

 And I think those are things that are also I kind of have embosed。

 But I definitely want to expand on those a little bit more in future videos。😊。

I think that an epiphany for me was that realization that you don't have to try to get everyone to like you because when I was in college。

 I would try to get everyone in my dorm to go to parties I was throwing， I was throwing huge parties。

But at the same time， in order to get to know people。 You have to go deep。

 You have to really get to know them。 And it's really hard to do that。

 unless you focus on developing close relationships and friendships。

 And that's really one of the things that is a challenge。

 especially if you're trying to build a business。 You want to build a relationship and market yourself to a lot of people。

 if you're a politician， even more challenging situation because you're trying to get a large number of people。

 they just get to know you a little bit enough to to like you so they can vote for you。

And I'm fortunate I don't have to do that。 I could develop a way close so。 in fact， I even。

went in a situation where I had thousands of people following me on Facebook and Twitter and I ended up destroying both of those profiles and just wanted to focus more on those people I really care about and develop those relationships。

 I went from a situation where I had that skill set and I could use skill skill。 So I mean。

 I had parties that are really large even recently I had a party where I had a ton of people show up an event that I hosted at the same time I prefer more frequently to have those smaller events because go deep。

 go really develop those relationships because your time is really short and goes by faster and faster super。

 super surprising every year that happens。 So for me。

 a lot of people always ask things like you know what I don't want to throw big parties。

 I want to get know a lot of people。 I want to develop these like small intimate gatherings and stuff like that like how do I do that。

 And the thing is all you have to do is try to find those come now those people that you want to engage in try to find either it's a new that everyone might want to try or something else like there's like a fun。

😊，Car against humanity is like a fun game。 and people might not have played。 I'll do that。

 and I'll have an event where everyone shares drinks and food together and they'll play this game。

 really just trying to convey your humor， your personality each other。

 I think a lot of the board games are like that as well。

 Or I'll just everyone get together to hang out maybe we have drinks when we by the fire or maybe was people hang out backyard。

 this't have to be elaborate fun things more about the vibe that you're able to convey other people to have fun or the vibe that's cred by having a collective interesting people that may just want to get to know each other。

 And I think that's one of the cool things in terms of developing a soul circle integrating that And the same thing happens in business One of the cool things that we used to do back in the day was organize this thing called ours the executive retreats where used to travel to different cities like Aspen or the south of France or the Greek islands or around Italy。

😊，a small group of people like 6 to 10 people。 and we'd share stories and we' get to know each other。

 and it was a lot of fun。 we're probably gonna be doing something like that again。 In fact。

 Owen and I were talking about having us do something in sundance in the future year or maybe Marty Gr So we could have something similar to the executive retreat right now。

 kind of and treating sumummit as that。 But at summit。

 everyone is interacting with our students going out all night long having events like the boot camps。

 were special events， they might organize product launch， for example。

 Jo and launch 10 games having10 game event there。 And then we also organizing chance for instructors to interact with each other。

 but have the same effect as that experience。 And so we'd like to get that in terms of a business devil back again。

 But people would do that all the time。 remember when I was an Intel I was just an intern。

 people would have side organizations like a golf club or they'd have a race car club or they'd have like a go carting or a foodie group or people just meet up because you don't have to be like the leader。

 you could also just be also the person that just finds those events that go on。 For example。😊。

Last weekend， and not even last weekend two days ago， I got invited to go on a yacht。

 a huge yacht to go around New York City and see the largest fireworks show in America and do it from like literally like maybe 30 feet away from where the fireworks were taken off right in the middle of the Chelsea Pier area surrounding Manhattan and overlooking this Attro Liberty and it was pretty awesome。

Same time。 I wasn't a host。 I wasn't organizing any of this。

 I coincidentally had some of my friends go mutually， and also was able to invite people to it。

 And so I was inviting some really interesting people。 I invite the owner of Met life。

 I invite Gary Vaynerchuk， I invite some Middle Eastern royalty and I invite some people who work with RSD and I invite some of my friends from the R founders Club that I knew live in New York and had a student email me and I invited him to come join and I did that without having to organize anything。

 You don't have to be to organize or to have cool activities and cool events to invite people to But when you when you do invite people to something。

 even if it's just like your local bar and maybe someone's just doing a promotion like happy hour。

 just invite people to do things with you， show that at least you care at least you care about them personally to want to get to know you and the business world and personal world。

 and you dating life just showing that you care about the other people by spending your time everyone knows your time is valuable。

 everyone knows to spend time with somebody else。 but also leveraging to factor。😊。

Also creative and you're looking for new and fun things to do it's conveys to people that you're an innovative thinker in some sense because're at doing that。

 And the funny thing is most people don't even do that。 of course。

 most people don't organize events or else thered be too many events for people to go to most people don't even invite other people to events that they've heard about maybe they'll have like one friend they a friend to go with them you don't have to go alone but sometimes they'll just go alone。

 most people will just do that。 people go with one friend girls go like pairs but a lot of guys might move to a city and they won meet people and realize you know what。

 I met this other person。 maybe should invite get to know them better。

 And you know what I't have to organize anything。 these kind of things that really allow you to build that social will build relationships with people and it's kind of like a cool networking skill。

 Now one of the things I knew about you that you used to organize a lot of the Rs the inter circle chapters Now we have like Facebook groups and every city in the world and kind selforgan and really cool。

 But in the beginning and try to organize eternal board we organize events。 and then sometimes。😊。

Just one guy， usually it' like one， two or three guys maximum。really just pushing organizing events。

 And so I want people to be leaders in this and just step up。

 it could be anyone that's not even like an official leader。

 just being an unofficial leader to kind of step up because if you don't have at least one。

 two or three of them， that soul circle just disintegrates， it disappears Now for you。

 I always considered you to be someone who had some really cool networking skills。

I'd like for you to talk to me about ways that you found that really helped get that community sense together and allow you to build relationships with other people。

Yeah， so my whole thing was networking relationships。I think it started actually when I was very。

 very young， so when I was young， I didn't really have a network， I didn't have relationships a lot。

 I didn't have like a circle of friends that were like。

 let's go out and do this like I was never that person。

 This is like the days before social media So so I imagine I imagine if social media exists I would would have felt even more horrible about myself back then but when I was 18 years old。

Actually when I enteredneded a radio station and from there I decided to meet all the artists and the musicians that would come in town。

 my favorite artists right so what I would do is I decided to go do interviews with them for the radio station。

 get a backstage pass， go to the events and meet them and also make friends with them so I met some of the artists that I won't mention any names。

 but there are a lot of people that you know that everybody knows that are multimillionaires。

 Grammy Award winners or Juno award winners or whatever they are。

 people that we all know and I was friends of these people。

Including like Hollywood movie star actors that would come to town because I would just try to make their life a little bit better when they came into town。

 I'd say， hey， let me take you this place。 let me show you this thing。 Let me do that。

 So that's how the the networking started。 And then eventually as I got older。

 I used to have these jobs where I' would work in tech And if you work in tech there's usually not a lot of like dudes that were not a lot of girls A in those tech jobs And B。

 there wasn't a lot of like guys that I would want to hang out with。

 So what I would do is I would try to create house parties I had a big patio in the back of my place with some friends of mine。

 some guys who actually were X RSD students， I had a big patio a big harass and as we call it in French and。

😊，We'd have these big barbecues and we promote these barbecues on Facebook， we'd get like booze。

 we'd buy all the booze， we'd buy all the hot dogs from Costco。

 go and buy like 100 hot dogs from Costco， go and buy like 20 bags of chips from Costco。

 go and buy like four cases of six lit6 two lit balls of Coke from Costco the whole thing would cost us about 200 bucks and we throw this big big backyard patio thing we make a little YouTube for video for it and everybody would come it would be this shit and we did that because we realized how much time are we spending like trying to accumulate new friends and we're like well it was opportunity cost I' like well if I go out for two weeks。

 I go out， let's say eight hours a week I'm trying to collect phone numbers meet girls。

 etc ce what's the value of my time What's the opportunity cost there value of my time right and then I compare that to the$100 I'd spend Costco over food I'm like well actually makes more sense to just make 100 food for Costco to invite people over my house So I just do that I would have these huge parties。

 Nick huge。We at the time for you kids just starting out， these parties were like 40， 50。

 60 people that we didn't know that we just met like briefly on the street or we knew from Facebook。

 we coming to our house and at these barbecues。I mean some very， very。

 very interesting stories because we we'd be the head of the parties and the host of the parties and you you know a lot of things happening you the host of the party and there girls around。

 but we'd be the host of these parties and it would just be amazing it would expand our social life and people would just appreciate that we would invite them into our world we'd invite them into something we were doing so they can come and get along with us meet us and then consequently of course because of that guess what they ended up inviting us and stuff that they were doing so that's how the networking thing kind of started and I would take I would take those same skills I developed from radio stations and doing those backyard parties I would take those same skills and use them in fashion career so then I go into fashion I would network with designers I'd work with different fashion weeks I would network makeup artists。

 photographers and my Rolodex of people in the fashion industry right now several hundred if not thousand people internationally I reach out to it any time to do stuff and it became it came from that basic that。

Think of finding a skill， building on that skill right， getting deep。

 finding that niche net skill of radios and music and then expanding that out to more more a common fun Sunday barbecue that everybody can do and then really refining it again once it came to the fashion stuff that's where that's where my networking came along from came from and it got to the point where。

You know I would see parties and I roll up on parties and they're like be like know red red tape or red velvet。

 whatever。 And I learned the skill of how to communicate with somebody just to get into a club or get into an event and not even having an invite I learned that through the depths of my relationship though So didn't happen through like several shallow or like dozens of shallow relationship it happened by meeting a few people and understanding like taking the time to have depth in those relationships and meeting and understanding what they're about what they're going through in their lives and having that real relationship where we share I'm there for them they're there for me and that's where I learned a lot of guys too。

 it comes to like to say pick up a lot of guys say yo man I'm just learning to pick up stuff I don't want to get a girlfriend I gonna have one girlfriend I've never been the guy that that shied away from a girlfriend I think a girlfriend is a fantastic thing to have because the girlfriend。

 you're gonna learn that depth of relationships that you can't get if you're having if you're having a rotation or a stable of dates or you're having a back they call it a milk route where you just go for。

house to the other house and the other house to the other house and stuff like that you're not going to get that from those shallow relationships you're only going to get that from having a committed relationship every once in a while so I think depth in relationships are a great thing in terms of the networking stuff I think that only happens when you have a few deep relationships that allows you to even expand your network even more so those are my thoughts and feelings on the strategies and emotions of relationships to networking。

Sure， I think that there's a huge challenge also in terms of like figuring out who you're gonna to commit your time to spend with。

 So I guess you know if you're not in a situation where you have a wide variety of experiences a wide variety of interactions with the various people from over the place。

 you definitely shouldnt be committing to people in terms of like your time in terms of like business or in your personal life And that's just structures kind of like force those interactions。

 for example， if you have a job and youre're a manager of a company and in that company。

 you have a lot of people that reports you kind of in a structure where whether you like it or not。

 you're investing your time with all these different people and trying to train them and accomplish a goal and sometimes it might not work out。

 that's where like the challenges will have to come into effect。

 I one of the things that you also have to deal with and some people will have special skills。

 you need your skills to accomplish or being in the business world and you might not necessarily like。

😊，What they're trying to do in terms of their communication with you in terms of like how they position themselves or what have you and there's interpersonal conflicts there。

 yet at the same time you have to balance that with accomplishing the goal in my world。

You're a manager。 you're lucky because you can decide whether you want to work with them or not。

 because you usually can terminate that relationship， say， hey， this is not a culture fit。 In fact。

 a lot of businesses that do that。 The problem is a lot of companies don't offer it that way。

 And your personal life， you could definitely do that。

 So I think in law the exercise you gave like the rule of not doing something for someone else that they provide bad service for those two exercises of tips and also for food。

 I think that's definitely an interesting way of putting things Now in terms of like those positive outlooks。

 like say somebody does something that's really good for you。

 Some that really helps you out and effectively does things for you。

 one of other things I noticed that people often don't give when people are really being that generous giving person。

 for example， if you look at one of my friends who used to like whenever something that happened。

 know， he wasn't like a guy who is like。😊，Super like wealthy or anything。 And so he'd say。

 you know what， I don't have a lot to give。 But， you know， I want to give you this。 You know。

 he gave a nice card。 It was like a custom card。 they wrote like a nice message that just to thank people for something when he felt like they were being really appreciated。

 And that meant more to the people that he gave it to then even like giving them like a brand new computer or something like that。

 and was like a genuine relationship and a genuine thing。

 I think that as as an interesting kind of exercise that RC founders Club members could do is to do something like that。

 if they do have somebody that does really nice to them。 just do something out to blue。

 I remember there was a guy named Harvey McKay， who did an interview with Larry King。

 he was known as this master networker。 He's still around。😊。

What he did for Larry King is that Larry King gave him an interview and it was a very fair interview and it was interviewed at loudinbro project who he was。

 but Larry King could interview almost anyone and as a result of him choosing to interview him and at the time he was just a very young guy starting his career。

 it led to him really kind of like powerhou his career into the future and made it really successful。

😊，So a lot of people would just say， hey， thank you。

 what he did is he went out of his way to do something creative mean out of the box that's a little different than other people。

 yeah， saying thank you was better than nothing， giving a cards also a little bit different even though it's just something else。

 but what he did is he actually bought him a giant ballpoint。

 fancy bc looking pen a human size one and today there he still has that in his office and he became actually personally friends with this guy because it just showed that he cared。

 but he also cared a very creative and fun way that conveyed to his intelligence and his social calibration to the situation and it was kind of cool and people could do little things like that and there social life or business life It just goes a long way in trying to convey who you are and what you want to accomplish and at the same time most people's lives are a full law of neutral events。

😊，So I guess it's challenging and try to find those situations where those things happen。

 it's a conditional exercise， but if you do have something like that happen to you。

If you want to do one Mads exercise everything that goes in a way that is not supposed to be going that way if you have goes the way where you're like exceeding your expectations。

 that's another opposite exercise。 So now we have like three kind of exercise that people could do in terms of like a mission impossible as a homework assignment but yeah I found this is a really interesting kind of conversation Madison。

 I guess I love to wrap it up just kind of like your tips or thoughts of the week。

 just things that you've learned from the last week hitting the field because right now you're traveling around the world teaching RsD live programs。

 boot camps， hot teach free tours and at the same time building this program And as a result。

 you're hitting the field constantly going out there sharing field reports learning from students know and learning from the girls you meet and I'd love to hear just from your adventures because every week you release new video on your YouTube channel and I check it out it's pretty awesome and I think it's really inspiring I really appreciate now that I'm actually building YouTube channel myself the nicoofficial YouTube channel。

😊，I guess I'd love to hear just your ideas of the week before I see your next video。

 just like some of the things that you've been thinking of what's been on your mind Yeah so I've been thinking about actually the Foers club I've been thinking about how it's amazing that I wish that this existed so long ago I wish it's something that actually kind of jealous I thought I I thought of it because it's something that has been missing so much I think in the RSD culture in the world culture that it's a great opportunity and you're one of those people that I know that has one of the biggest Rolodexes of contacts and connections and networking and influence so I've been thinking a lot about that and I've been thinking also about。

😊，Happiness， so I just did I'm calling it a happiness manifesto。

 It's a video I'm gonna to put out pretty soon。 It's about maybe an hour long。

 Everything that I've ever studied in my entire life about the subject of happiness It's honestly the best video I've ever done in my entire life。

 We shot it in Miami shot it shot it all around the world actually it's in beautiful exotic panoramic locations old estates places you can't even really get to we shot this video and it's honestly it's like this video is like my life's work Like it's one of the best one ever done if I ever die one day and I'm lying on my deathbed and say you know Madison。

 what do you want to tell your son I'm like I want my son to watch this video like like this is the video Now saying all that。

I've learned something， I learned something about this video and I learned something about bootc as well。

 the thing that I've learned is that it doesn't matter how good the information is only thing that matters。

 Nick， the only thing that matters is how accountable the person is that's watching the video or taking the boot camp。

I can leave the horse to water， but I can't make them drink。

 I can be the guiding the guiding rudder on the boats， but I can't be the engine for you。

 I can't be the engine for the person watching this video I can't be the person the engine for the person to even listen to this as if they downloaded it or the person that's gonna to watch the happiness video It's really up to them。

 it's completely up to them and sometimes in life the lesson is worth more than the reward and so。

My thought this week has been。How do I get my clients， How do I get people to watch these videos。

 How do I get them to actually take responsibility and accountability。

 Repon is knowing what you should do what you're supposed to do and accountability is actually doing it actually taking the action and holding yourself to a higher standard of performance。

 So what I've been thinking about not so much the information but how how do I get people to take action on the information because I know if I can get more people the information is great。

 But I know if I can get more people take action of the information。

 then I know that they'll see the results and the results will just kind like mushroom up and expand and the word of mouth will take care of it and everything take care of itself。

 So that's what I'm really focused on in my videos YouTube channel with my coaching those are the main things。

 How do I make people more accountable because I think at some level deep down。

 Everyone knows what they should do everybody knows they should go to the gym。

 everybody knows they should wake up early， everybody knows should go for regular checkups everybody knows they should floss we all know we should。

How do we floss， I actually floss all the time I walk around with two things of floss because my dentist was giving me hell about it and you know when you go to see your dentist are gonna give me hell about the next time。

 but how many of us are doing the things that we know we should do and how do we keep ourselves accountable How do we keep ourselves in line how do we develop an ecosystem in our life or we're actually reward for doing those things and maybe punished or things that't work out if we don't do them。

I think once we set those ecosystems in place， then our life becomes automatic， we become happy。

 happy without effort， almost like effortless happy so yeah that's what I've been thinking about as I've been touring I've been enjoying Canada a lot。

Canada， Torontos really expanded is a metropolis in Canada。

 Vancouver where I' am right now in the balcony， that's expanded as a metropolis Calgary is amazing。

 heading over to Europe to do a European tour after the Vegas World Smit。

 I'm excited about that first time in Europe and I can't wait to see what happens over there in the culture is like its like over there and the response from the fans of RSD。

Great， yeah， it's some good insights。 Ssza very exciting as well。

 Look forward to seeing you in Vegasboro。😊，Yeah， likewise man， likewise， it's always a pleasure。

 cool cheers。Cheers， thanks for having me。