# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：02.网络_02. Networking：5通过真正的联系获得成功而不受影响_05. Getting Success Without Influence via- Genuine Connection【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I was talking to a student online about how he was starting off his process。

 a developing a circle of influence。 He wasn't somebody who had a loss success came from a very common background。

He was interested though， in surrounding himself with people that are in situations of power。

 positions of power， he want to become that kind of person， he was asking me。

 how do you do this if you don't already have a powerful network。

 how did you get into a situation where you develop a powerful network？Becauseuse I， too。

 came from a background that was more normal。It was in a situation where I grew up and I was surrounded always by powerful people。

 I had to build that network from scratch。A lot of that had to come from developing genuine connections。

 but I want to give you examples and specifics of how I was able to develop these genuine connections because it's not just saying。

 oh， just be genuine。 There's a lot of things in it。

A lot of it had to come from the little things that people find passions in。For example。

 I have a friend who's a billionaire and he's really interested in this drink called Fernet。

 it's a drink that a lot of Silicon Valley tech guys drink and just drinking that drink together and doing shots together of this really weird drink that kind of taste like Tawaaw that could taste a little bit better and Coke will drink together。

Other people。have other little fetishes and things that they like。

 whether it's particular video game or whether it's something else。 But having common friends。

Also was another way to do things。I have one friend named Adam。

 who really is amazing at getting into social circles just by developing deep friendships with all the friends of the person that he really。

 really wants to network with。He has a lot of friends that are friends with millionaires and billionaires and what he'll do is not to network directly with that guy。

 he will， and he'll build deeper relationships with that guy。

 but he'll develop tons of even deeper relationships with all that guy's friends。

 so he has no option but to hang out with him。And it actually works extremely well。

He'll keep doing that again and again until he has a massive soul circle and he's deep in and he knows that。

Also having common goals is really important。We have successmined goals。

 and I think that you're gonna to find people that share those goals and you'll be able to have those ideas about how to take action and accomplish them。

 I know a lot of people who are trying to build companies will meet with people that are trying to build companies。

 those people who are trying to pick up girls and meet you know girls together and have that goal with each other or same with a soul circle。

 same with like a philanthropic event or trying to join it to charity but just following those passions together is a huge way develop a genuine connection and doesn't that's just evidence that you don't have to be rich or powerful。

 I mean， I know some people。That are really rich might care about video games and they'll just play video games and then they'll meet people that are just willing into video games just play with them。

 and that's just a genuine friendship， genuine connection。And I'm not talking about rocket science。

 here a lot of people will do this naturally as kids， but don't forget this as they grow up。

 You also should be showing a strong work ethic。 A lot of people don't realize how lazy they come across to other people。

As a result， they just chill and they kind of expect a world to come to them and they kind of portray a flashy image。

 especially with the power of social media， a lot of people won't just。

Feel like they have that power， have that success。 Just we' trying to convey that fake baacade。

 I know one guy who would try to pose in front of fancy cars and private jets。

 And he really was a loser that kind of didn't have any money， was living off his parents。

And he felt like he made it just because he was posing in front of the pictures。

 but the true success comes from having a strong work ethic and actually accomplishing honest。

 hard work and then turning that into something that contributes to society and from that you'll be being a lot of people who want to learn how you were able to do that because you're be able to contribute to their life in a really powerful way。

Being a very supportive and honest guy Sp what's on your mind is also something that will help a lot。

 I there's a lot of books about radical honesty where people just say exactly what's on your mind all the time。

 but it won't calibrate， but even though that may be an extreme。😊。

You should always be available for people， be supportive and be available to share advice。

 learn from personal experiences， share your personal experiences with other people without fear。

 especially if there's failures， sharing your failures with other people will kind of always almost automatically have an autopilot response of people want and come out there and help you。

 And that's actually another kind of like a trick for ways of people to want to get involved in your life。

 a lot of people who are really on top of your life。

 have a deep desire and need to help other people that need help and it gives them a feeling a value to be able to help other people。

 I personally came back to teach for RSD， because I personally had that need and desire and have so much fun teaching clients from around the world。

 and I want to contribute to other people's lives。😊。

The regular support and investing in the emotional bank accounts of others。

Is not just a tool that makes you feel good， but also a tool for you to also cash in the future on times when you really need them。

If you have a situation where you have friends that can offer you something。

 whether it's a connection， whether it's business， whether it's introducing you to somebody else or whether you're in your dating life。

By you being supportive and that's what I call investing in the emotional bank account of others。

 you're kind of putting a chip in there， she when there's a situation where you're not just giving you' taking。

And in a situation where you could do so。And you've calibrated this situation。

 you know you've invested so much in them that you kind of like feel like you have an entitlement to ask for some help。

His personal favors are real。And it happens as it's needed。

I remember little things could also come from mostche Bay accounts just by caring people or showing that you care。

 There's a really master networker who wrote a series of books。

 usually teaches in front of large corporations like Morgan Stanley， his name is Harvey McKay。

When he first was getting involved with networking， he was an entrepreneur。

 and he had an envelope business but he wanted to teach entrepreneurship。

 he went on Larry King talked about a book that he wrote about networking。

And from his one interview with Larry King， he sold 100，000 books。

 instantly made him a target to go on Oprah and other shows and made him millions of dollars in the future。

What he did is he bought a giant pen， a human size pen。

 and was like a ballpoint fancy pen and gave it to him。And for the rest of his life。

 he stayed a very close friend of Larry Kings， I have another friend named Phil。

 who almost all the time， just for little favors would send people very fancy cards。

 just thank you cards。These are very memorable little things。

 even just remember people's birthdays and having like special memories with people and celebrating that and reminding people gonna be giving them a trinket or a note or we can just text messages。

 these little things add up， especially if you can be creative about I mean。

 I know that a lot of my birthdays for even distant family or friends。

 I'll send them my gift baskets or flowers or what have you。

 And most people don't even do these little things。 And a lot of people。

 as they grow older or grow further away from their family。

 And so these little things really add a lot of rapport in your social circle and circle of influence。

😊，Especially if there's little gifts and there's like its a creative touch and when I give a gift。

 I usually also include a nice message and that message will have like。You know。

 kind of like call back humor where like you' a comedian will call back a joke and make you laugh again again。

 I'll do little things like that， just for the good old days and the good old memories and little things like that to keep things。

 you know， interesting。And keep me on their mind in a very positive way。

And reaching out to people on those important occasions。

 like maybe there's a birth of a child or a assess business and you just hear about it and they're proud of it。

 maybe it's not like a thing that people usually celebrate。

 like let's say so unfin a marathon or what have you and they're really proud of it more than a typical person will be proud of it。

Showing those people that you celebrate their successes。

 that you care about them and you feel that they're important people。

Even if you're not deep friends with these people， but that you celebrate or。

 you recognize that in them， we just recognizing these little things really contribute a lot。

So I mean， contribute whenever possible， whether it's financial。

 emotional and intellectual assets you have， as these are important than anything else other than your health because the health is your base。

 you need to have that more than anything else， I view financial support， financial contributions。

Is more just about staying on top of your game and then also giving them the finances they need if there's like little things that need to be done。

 like going out to your friend and buying drinks or having access to little things like that or covering your own way when you're out or offering to treat people。

 just little things like that， showing emotional support would be just showing that you actually care。

 verbalizing it， showing it to action， throwing it to different languages of I guess in terms of like love languages in relationships。

Some people are really into give， some people are into action， some people in words。

 just understand what people are looking for and then show that and hit them on an emotional level and intellectually make sure you're contributing to your conversations adding to the value of the conversations whether it's for business or your social life。

 adding interesting things that contribute to the goals that are people。

 these are all assets I think that really help gain success with people of influence。

