# 12、帕帕 创始人俱乐部【社交 商务】：07.访谈_07. Interviews：第2周-RSD Mikhail（RSD 首席营销官）_Week 2 - RSD Mikhail (RSD Chief Marketing Officer)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey， guys， what's up， It's Nick， and I'm here in Las Vegas， and we have Mihail。

 He's our chief marketing officer at the mansion in Los Angeles。

 where he is meeting with Ty on a regular basis and our teams cring all the cool marketing creatives and also leading the direction of a lot of the content in terms of what is most interesting to our students。

 So a lot of the stuff that you are seeing in RC foundunderers Club and also on our YouTube channels are coming from us to using the feedback we get from students who are talking to us on the Facebook groups or the comments that we see。

😊，From the YouTube channel， I want to talk to you guys today with Michaelhail kind of like a riffra of all the cool things that he's doing with us in terms of like his backgrounds。

 So if he not only is he an awesome marketer， he's been behind some campaigns like Own's Hos see at home campaign。

 he's also been behind major business gurus and people without are YouTube celebrity。

 he's doing millions of clicks。Hey man thanks thanks for having me， by the way。Cheers， cheers。So。

To dive in not to do too much of like he's been behind this behind that， I think it's always。

Interesting to look from the the authority perspective on you know。

 what really makes people tick in this way， right， because。

I think R SD is such a unique brand that I just wanted to shout out。

 And thank you for having me on this Founderers Club。 I think what， you know。

 you've done with this is really unique and really amazing and。😊。

It's going to open up a lot of opportunities for a lot of people and really change。

 change a lot of people's lives。 I think it's really cool。😊，Awesome， thanks， bro， for sure。So。

 you know， to dive in the first thing， you know， since we're kind of talking about this marketing thing。

 I think the first thought in people's minds is going to be， what is marketing right。

 Because this is like one of those things where it's almost like a foreign language， I think。

 to a lot of people and until you really understand the verbiage and the different nuances that go within a specific language or specific field of any study like I know you're a big golf fan。

 it's very hard to。Really embrace the concepts that often go with those things。 So to start。

 I kind of wanted to really break down what marketing is because I think with the audience that we have watching this。

 there's going to be like two types of people。 you're gonna to be either in a position where you've been evolving in your game and with your dating life。

 and as you know， a human being as a man and you're maybe in the beginning stages of that。

 And then there's going be some of you that are watching that are more intermediate。

 more advanced that are already more familiar with how game applies to these other areas of your life。

 But maybe you're kind of looking to take it to the next level。 So to start。

 I really want you to think about marketing as an extension。Of yourself。

 This isn't some external thing。 It's almost like like a car。 Nick。

 I know you said you you race cars a lot。 I think you can attest to this when when you really get in tune with the way that the vehicle that the machine works。

 It feels like it's almost it's like coming out of your hand and it it's a part of you。

 It's not this external thing at that point。 It's a part of you。

Yeah definitely I totallyy feel that you know how a car moves around the track。

 toy feels like it's par of your whole body， you're like shifting with the whole vehicle and in terms of like brand and marketing。

 I could always see how it's your image It's kind of like your personality when you first meet someone from a cold approach it's what putting you out there your personality and style is always going to be very different from the next guy and I think that's also why people are surprised when we have such different unique RXD instructors and their style their personality or content versus your entertainment it's always gonna be very。

 very different from channel to channel on our YouTube channels and the same goes with our boot camps。

Definitely， definitely it's interesting because one of the speeches I frequently do is I think you were present for this is you know what is marketing。

 what is art and in a way， art is self-expression。 And I think marketing gets this really bad rep because we've all been marketed to in a way that's not always pleasant。

 we've all been sold or tried to be sold on something that maybe we don't need or want at that time。

 And so it rubs almost the entire。For of expression， like the wrong way。

 It's almost almost like hip hop in a way where you have these certain hip hop artists that portray themselves in the media in this very aggressive fashion。

 And then that ends up know carrying across， across a whole genre。

 and marketing is very similar like that。 And like you said， it really is a form of self-expression。

 It's not just something that you do， it's almost a way of life。

 like when you go and you order a coffee。You are actually doing marketing。

 You might not realize it at the time， because。You you're not making the connection between the expressive aspect of it and quote。

 unquote， what marketing is。 And as soon as you realize that。

You expressing yourself in any shape or form， even if， let's say， you know。

 like good example is I had like some frustrations， you know， recently， and I。

 I had a day where I got very， like， very upset。 And I kind of I kind of stopped and I thought to myself Im like。

 I am marketing。To the world， I am my personal brand。

 the way I'm presenting it to the world is that I'm， you know， I'm in this negative state。 So its。

 it's actually very interesting。 And this is kind of。😊，A really unique way to think of it。

 because now， when you're applying it to something like like pickup。

Now you're really starting to see all the crossover connections。

 because not only are you now expressing yourself freely， free associating。

 but now you're using it in this higher level form to apply it to other areas of your life to get success you know。

 in business。 like you've mentioned， I mean， I've done， you know。

 tens of millions of dollars for my clients。 And I'm planning to do much， much more。

 and really excited about it。 It just it's what really makes me tick and makes me happy。

 but to do that， I wouldn't be able to do that just as a you know quote unqu marketer。

 You have to become an artist。😊，In that field， to really be able to get those results because every human being is different and。

Just like pick， if you understand human beings and you understand the way that the brain works and influence and persuasion and mindsets。

 that's where you really get into this other level。

 And you can really start tuning in to things that otherwise you might have completely overlooked。

 so。It's it's kind of interesting。 And I think one really unique thing is。You know。

 what you've done with Founderers Club is really crossed this bridge between， you know， Pick。

 And it's always， it's always said that pickup is like self-develop in a way。

 And where does that line really cross。 And this is one of those things that。

Once you really take a look at that bridge， and say。

 you know what let's take a look at what is on that island over there because it looks really robust。

 It looks like there's a lot of fruit on this island and not only are you pioneering that。

 but you're also showing the audience that hey， you know what。

 you don't have to just be stuck in this paradigm of pickup all the time。

 you can actually push all of these concepts that you learn within pickup。

 you you can push those and you can take yourself to a higher level。 So I think that's really。

 really cool。One of the things that I think is really interesting about what you started to do was combining the areas that are really fascinating with marketing to how people can also apply it to their social lives。

 and I was interested in hearing because I've heard you give speeches in front of our staff in Los Angeles we literally just rehearse what we call the video sales letter where you kind of like share massive amounts of information and education。

 it captivates people and treatgugues people。 How do you apply these kind of seductive skills in your like regular social life outside of just the business world。

 Oh， definitely so this is one of those things that ties back to almost like the old school days of pickup when everyone was doing these routines and I think routines eventually turned into stories And that's what good marketing。

Is so when you're， let's say， you know， on a date with a woman。And let's say。

 let's it's just a tender date。 It's a one on one。 You've never met each other before。 Well。

 there's certain things going on in her brain that you have to be aware of。

And the more aware you are of those things。Then the more you can tune in， for example， you know。

 the very first moment that she sees you， she does this evaluation。Of you know， congruency， right。

 we talk a lot about congruency。Of you know， ulterior motives。

 We talk a lot about being present in the moment for what it is and not having。

 you know attachment to outcome， for example， And the way that you really apply these marketing techniques。

 For example， one technique I use frequently is called a battle speech。

 which is one of my favorite techniques。 And this is actually something that presidents and other famous speakers like Tony Robbins。

 you know， John F。 Kennedy。Martin Luther King used to manage emotional states。

 So one of the very first things I'll do when I'm meeting a woman is I'll actually pump her emotional state。

 Its such a high level that shet that little part of her brain。

 that logical part of her brain that's over analyzing where the intent and all these other things are coming from it shuts off because she's having such an amazing time and she's feeling so good internally that all of a sudden she realized wow。

' I'm on a different paradigm level。 maybe she was at home。

 Maybe she was watching like some TV and then she went out and all of a sudden she realized wow。

 this world is really colorful， really beautiful and there's really a lot going on in the world。

 and all of a sudden this persons kind of tune me in and open that door for me and that in a way is very。

 very attractive as you know， it's opening the door to new opportunities。

 I think is one of the most attractive things you can do。 and that's really where marketing comes in。

 know I can run through like some more specific。outines。

 but that's one of those things that I think once you understand the concept。

 you're able to come up with the routines yourself a little bit better。

One of the things about you that was really cool when Tro introduced me to you was he told me about your background was not just in terms of marketing and business。

 but it also was involved with pickup and that you have also a really fascinating background in terms of your pickup game and managing multiple relationships。

And I'd love for you to share some of those stories and experiences so that our students could also have some knowledge from that too Sure。

 sure so。Boy， this goes back。 This goes back quite a ways。 kind of interesting。

 I actually was working on my own pickup product for quite， quite some time。

 And this product was based on the concept of layers of communication。

 So it was a subcommunication product that was， that was a central focus。 and you know。

 the central idea behind it is that we have these levels within our own existence。

 So at our very most internal level， we have what I call the core。 And that's。😊。

That's really the things that don't change。 Those are kind of your morals。

 Those are things that no matter what the environment throws at you。

You're not going to change the core essence of who you are as a human being。And then you go outwards。

 and。Right outside the core and gulfing the core， you have what I call the internal beliefs。

 And those are the things that you believe about yourself internally， right， I am honest。

 I am punctual。 I am。 I am。 Those are all the I am statements， or I believe statements。

And from there， you take that internal， and it actually becomes externalized。

And the third level is your external beliefs。 So I believe people are good。

 I believe that the world is a beautiful place。 So those are the external beliefs that you have。

 And then the fourth level is what I call intercommunication。

 And that's the intercommunication between all the different external beliefs。😊，That people have。

 So for me， for example。You know， I like having multiple women in my life。 It's something I enjoy。

 The way I kind of view this。 and this， this， you know， shouldn't come off as shallow。

 But I I can see how maybe from an inexperienced point of view， it could。

 So I'm going to go ahead and explain it。 But it's almost like going to a different restaurant。😊。

You have your favorite restaurants that you frequent。 And those are kind of the women that。

Fill a certain want or need or desire that I have。 And then you have other restaurants that maybe you go for the thrill or you go for the exotic nature。

 And women are kind of the same way where。😊，You find the things。In the women。

That you can kind of play off of life。 So it's like colors。 If you're a painter and you're， you know。

 you're painting a canvas。The women in my life are the colors of the emotions that I display within them。

 And if you take that multi levelvel， I call it the onion theory with the levels。

 and you really start paying attention to your communication。 Oftentimes。

 what you'll find is that you're actually communicating， for example。

 with your internal beliefs up against somebody else's external beliefs。 So an example of that is。

 I think we've all had the situation where。A friend is telling us something。

Or someone we meet is telling us something。And we simply internally just don't believe it。

And so what happens is it's not crossing that barrier。

 That person' is actually not even communicating at that point because we're completely blocking that energy out and。

That's one way is taking it internally。 But then when you flip that， you reverse that。

 if you really start to pay attention all the time that you've been speaking to a woman or trying to communicate with a woman。

 and you're trying to communicate that externally。But her internal beliefs don't reinforce that which you're speaking。

 Well， you're not connecting。 So once you're able to tune in and say， wait， what， what are。

 what are the beliefs here。In this case。Wow， let's really look at those。

 That's really amazing that those beliefs are present within this person。

 Let me find a way to connect my internal state to her internal state。 And you know。

 it's interesting， I mean， I've been doing pickup for over a decade now。

 which is kind of scary to think about in a way。😊，But it's， it's， it is， you know。

 they they say it's the game for a reason， right， So the better you get。

 the more fun you have in a way。 So it's。😊，It's kind of cool。 hopefully。

 that onion thing kind of makes sense that it's not too far like over people's heads。 but it's。

 it's a very unique thing that once you start paying attention to， okay， well。

 this is how I'm externalizing my internal beliefs。 Then you start to realize that。

Everyone else is doing the same thing。 And you can really start to see who people are on this really deep level。

 And that's how you can get that subcommunication that causes， you know， instant attraction。

 We all know like Julian is infamous for this stuff， right， where he goes in。

 It's like5 seconds and he's in。 And I think this has a lot to do with the way that he does things as well。

 So that's very， very cool。 know， learn from the best。 that's why I love being a part of RsD。

 It's because it's able to take every aspect of life to the next level， whether it's business。

 pick up you know， social skills or what have you。😊，Sure。

 I totally agree with you about the expression on an impression kind of philosophy and a lot of these understanding of the blueprints and roadmas and what have you。

 I know that tower is definitely hardcore into that stuff。

 even he created a whole program on the blueprint decod just talking about this exact kind of stuff in terms of like what you're just talking about in terms of social beliefs。

 social systems and social gain。Now we've talked about how some of those concepts that you use in marketing for business also apply for your dating。

 how do you use it like in your regular social circle or networking。Yeah， sure。 So this。

 I think at the end of the day。It comes down to really understanding what the meaning of value is。

And this is one of those words that's thrown。 It's really thrown a lot around like a lot in you know the startup world in the Internet marketing world。

 in the product creation world。 And even in just in marketing in general。

 it's this idea of you know what is value。 I know you did a video recently with the Luke。

 which I thought was absolutely amazing where you guys talked about tuning someone into an experience like a hook youre creating little hook points for them to latch on to an experience And that's really a prime example of giving someone actual value you're creating an experience for someone they're able to take with them for the rest of their lives。

 I know you've done like the parties where you dressed your cat up like a taco。

 which I thought was it a taco was it a be Taco cat dude Taco cat， which I mean。

 that's got to be one of the coolest things。 I mean on earth。

 that's just like one of those things that makes the world smile， right。

 So as far as taking pickup and applying it。😊，You know。

 pick up and marketing skills are really almost the same skills as far as taking those and applying it to the social circle。

 you know this is it's all kind of ties together， right， if you really understand， wait。

 this this is this person on the inside， these are their beliefs。 Well right now in their life。

 it really feels like they need this specific thing。 and we all need different things。

 a different points in our life。 Some of us just just want， you know a friendship。

 Other people want to go and they want to have a really good time sleep with a lot of girls and experience that aspect of life。

 Other people are more career- driven， you know， So where you find yourself in this moment。

As long as you're able to take this， this marketing。

 it's almost like a cold reading tactic and apply it to the people around you and figure out， w。

 you know what， this person here really needs。For example， just someone to listen to them。

You know to sit down and this is actually really common with a lot of know highle people。

 I know you do a lot of high levell networking。 And one of the big things you'll find is the higher。

 you know there's a phrase like it's lonely at the top。

 And I think that's very true because the higher up you get the moreeror motives people come up with in order to get access to you。

 And so what often happens is when you're at that highest level。

You have to be aware if if you're with someone who's at that level。

 like you say you're with a Bill Gates or someone， you know， Richard Branson。

 oftentimes they want to just feel like a human being because they're so used to playing the part of know。

 the CEO， the founder， the president， what have you of that thing that they've created themselves。

 that image is actually really common with a lot of celebrities as well。

 I've dated quite a few like famous singers， actresses， so on and so forth。

 And once you're able to cut away that inhumane image part of the interaction and really dial in。

To wait a minute， what does this person need right now more than anything else in the world。

Can I give that to this person？And if you can。That's， that's really where you take， you know。

 that social game becomes really， really a beautiful thing because then it comes from a place of giving。

 It comes from a place of honesty。 And， I mean， that's as congruent as you can be。😊，With yourself。

 with the universe， with those around you。 And that obviously gravitates people to come back because。

If you were there for someone when things maybe weren't quite going their way， you know。

 I always say it's easy to be strong when everything is easy。But it's boys。

 it's really hard when things are hard。 And that's when you really need people around you they care。

 So if you were able to be that person for somebody。 or maybe you know。

 you open them up to a networking opportunity that then led to them having an amazing career or maybe introduce them to their future spouse。

 or maybe you just， you know， through an amazing event they had such an amazing experience that you know。

5，10，20 years down the road they still look back at that with fond memories and are able to reminisce in this very positive way。

 that's kind of the way that I view it is how can I fill people up with the energy that they seek。

 and you know that really is kind of a marketing technique。

 because marketing at the highest level is you give people what they really want not only that。

 but you give them what they need。 and you take that all the way down to almost a spiritual level so。

😊，I totally agree with that。 I love how deep you went into that in terms of the emotional connection。

 I think that this is really important for especially long-term relationships of all kinds。

 including women， because I think a lot of guys are focused on RSD， mostly for the flash。

 the adventure of the excitement。 I think half our guys are really just in it to try to pull。

 But a lot of this connection stuff you're talking to。

 especially trying to find out what's most important to them。

 really will help you if you're trying to develop those longer term relationships。

 I know in the business world， those guys at your sin are most successful。

 A lot of them are also relatable to those hot girls are also always having the people with theulter modes coming after them。

 especially those that have their shit together as opposed to those people that are kind of just hot girls that don't really understand what the true value is。

😊，I really really love those kind of like mindsets that you have put together。

 what are some of the other mindsets that you really have kind of like as your core beliefs。

 definitely I have kind of a three step process that I use constantly within my life over and over again。

 And it' it's almost so silly that it's only three steps。

 know this almost feels like one of those self-development。 you know。

 the three step blueprint or whatever。 But it's really something that time and time and time again。

 I come back to。 And it's something I've refined through actually studying a lot ofddhist techniques。

 a lot of spiritual techniques and a lot of obviously self-development techniques。

 And it's this three step process to to life that really helps you move forward。

 So the first step is it's simple。 it's clarity of outcome but you really。😊。

Have to look at that for what it is， because like all good things， it sounds so simple。

 but it's so profound once you really get it。 So clarity。What does clarity really mean。

 It really means the ability to see。You can take that further。

 You can take to the ability to feel the ability to experience。And then of outcome。

 So can you experience right now the outcome of your life。And this， I thought was really interesting。

 because。It's almost like you're working from your deathbed backwards。

Because that's really what it comes down to at the end。 You know。

 without going too far into like esoteric concepts of reincarnation and so and so forth， we。

 we're only human。 At the end of the day， We pass away， at least with this incarnation of our body。

 So if you start backwards from there。And you， you work through your life。

As clearly as you can imagine it， What is present， What does your life look like。

 What emotions are you experiencing。 Yeah， you could take it to what car you drive。

 What house you live。 And sure， I think those things are great。 A lot of people， I think will。

 will will scoff at having nice things。 I don't think you should。 I think if you want， you know。

 a white Maerati or a helicopter and or a private island。

 I think you should be very honest with yourself。 I think honesty。😊。

Is one of the most important things you can show。 So clarity of outcome。Its so， so， so important。

 And I think we forget to have that even with tomorrow。You know。

 like those of you that are watching this right now， ask yourself。

 how clear is your tomorrow for you right now， because that's an outcome you're going to be there。

No matter what time， and at least in this situation again。

 without going into like alternate dimensions as linear。 So you're going to be there tomorrow。

 So how clear， how can you picture it， can you feel it。

 Can you experience that before you're even there， And it really starts with that。

 because that comes down to。😊，Being honest with yourself about what you really want。

Who you want to be， who you want to become， what you want to experience and what you want out of life。

 And that clarity of outcome is what's going to drive your direction。 So that's。

 that's what sets you on the path。 That says， hey， I want to climb that mountain。

 That looks really cool。 I want to climb that。 So that's the first step。😊，The second step。

It's what I call immunity to circumstance。 And this is the most difficult step to practice。

 It's one that's very easy to preach， but very difficult to practice。 Great example is like。

 I got reended on my way to the airport today， right。

 I was its actually supposed to be in Las Vegas with Nick doing this in person。

 And I missed my flight。 And there was there's a bit of a， you know。

 Owen talks about upward spirals downward spirals。 And that really set off this downward spiral during my day where like。

 okay， well， now I just want this day to end。 And。😊，You always come back to this。 You know。

 what does immunity really mean， It means to not be affected。

That means that as you're climbing your mountain， you come across this big rock。

And not only do you find a way to go around it， but you almost embrace the rock。

 You almost embrace the idea。Of that circumstance that happened。 So， so not only do you use it as。

Leverage to pull yourself forward。 But it it never sets you back that that's how way that you。

Never have setback。 And this is something that， you know requires willpower。

 And there's a lot of habitual things you could do to reinforce this。 But， immunity to circumstance。

 Tyler talks about this all the time， being at the cause of your life， not at the effect。

 And that's really where this comes from。 So I think a lot of the cool things that you are talking about in terms of like your beliefs and philosophies。

 even if someone doesn't have the same philosophies and beliefs as you。

Because there's someone coming from such a positive place and they' so interesting。

 there's like a seductive romantic nature to people who have really powerful success beliefs and deeply believe in these kind of belief systems。

 and I find that in long from relationships when you're talking to a girl to sharing these kind of ideas really kind of add like a flareair to the interaction and kind of like build that trust and that understanding that I think is really an important part and the basis of relationships。

Definitely， it's， you know， there's like the， the concept of rapport。

 right of of establishing rapport。 It's like this thing that。You。

 you all of a sudden have to like establish。 And it's。

 it's almost like like handcuffs are like a little， like a little link。 You know。

 I have established report。 Now， now I can go to the esation phase and it's。Yeah I mean。

 it's kind of silly， right， but I remember when I was starting out and that's totally the way I approached it。

 I'm like， well， I'm not in rapport yet， so I must not escalate and what you mentioned is it's kind of interesting because this is like it's a way to live life。

😊，When you're in love with life， it's very easy for people to fall in love with you because you're so in love with everything around you and you're non-discriminating。

's like you know Tyler always talks about this。 Don't just open the hot girls， open open the room。

 open the whole room and he actually when I've gone out with him， I mean， tons and tons of times。

 What he does is he opens he doesn't even open the people at first， he kind of opens the actual room。

 like he opens the space。 He goes high space， how are you space。 How is the energy in this space。

 And what that does is now you're in tune with like the air that's moving through this。

 And now you no longer have to go， okay， am I in rapport because you're a part of the air that's in the room where the people are。

 And all the people believe it or not， like breathe in the air。

 So it's almost like in this weird way。 they're like breathe in。In that which you are。

 because you've filled the space with your energy。 So now you're a part of everyone who's in the room and。

Taking that， it's extremely seductive， it's extreme， I mean， you， seduction。

 this kind of comes full circle， right， because seduction really is an art form。

And we were talking earlier about how marketing and art are one of the same。 Well。

 seduction and art are one of the same as well。 at the highest level。

 it's this self expression that can't really be tamed。By anything but this explosive。

 attractive output that people have around you。 So I think it's。

It's it's really cool and really unique。 I know you also have quite a few philosophies that you live by。

 It'd be kind of interesting to see your take on。😊，What what your perception is of。For example。

 how marketing applies to game， because I think you have a very unique position to talk about that。

In terms of social gain and also in terms of like the dating game。

I think the most important part is that you're more thinking about the other person。

 as opposed to yourself。 I think one of the problems that most people have in your social life and all of sudden their dating life is that they're continually focused on what's in it for them and what they're going to get out of it and as a result。

 it becomes so outcome oriented as opposed to focusing on the process and in terms of marketing in terms of like what we're trying to do with RSD in terms of leasing lawsfr content in terms of entertaining people it's more just trying to like express who we are。

 what's on our mind and just trying to give value back to the community。

 whether we get anything or not。 And as a result， we more likely we get the success we want。

 because people build that trust。 people have that feeling that they know who you are。

 they have that comfort around you and they're attracted to that kind of mindsetai effort。

 I think that naturally。Just from like watching other romantic TV shows or action shows or what having you see a hero and that hero is always trying to do something with a higher purpose。

 something beyond what he thinks is more important than himself。 And as a result of that。

 he's able to attract people to him and become a leader。

 And as someone who is interested picking up girls or is interested in business。

 that leadership leading by example or getting people to follow you is a trait you definitely want to have。

 The other thing I think that is really important is that Billy did not just。

Have that desire to kind of help people or， you know， you have to really understand。

 It's kind much what you were talking about earlier in terms of like the blueprints in your mind or understanding the different layers of the onions and trying to relate to the other person。

I think a lot of it has to do with expanding your reality of all the different things that are in your life that you could take care of that are interesting to you。

So I mean， one of the things that I always got really fascinated by was this old belief system of like Renaissance kind of man。

You know， my， my friends， when I was a teenager used a joke about how I believe that I was still living in a renaissance era because I always used to believe that by having a really wide variety of skills。

 not like you know， mediocre skills or the most masterful of skills。

 but like a high level of skills and a very broad， very。Various and diverse variety of things。

 But itose from simple things like。You knowSpeech and doing business or the things that are born into arts。

 like whether it's painting or cooking or whether it's in athletics。

I think that just having that diversity of skill set allows you to understand other people better because not that you have these skills and therefore they have the skills。

 it's that by doing all these various activities where you build these various skill sets。

 you also get engulfed in this unique culture because every activity has a culture around it。

And you kind of have to fit yourself into that culture so you know how to react。

 how people expect you to react， because one of the biggest things in business and your social life is what is often too referred as clarity of expectations。

And clarity expectations is the idea and concept that people kind of know what you're going to。

Toate what you won't tolerate， your belief systems， your boundaries， what you might。

Act like it's kind of like。You know， the opposite of spontaneity， but they appreciate spontaneity。

 but just having those basic ideas of who you are so that you're not like what they would say is like the weirdo。

 someone who's just kind of out of nowhere all the time。It's kind of like。The odd ball。

 you always have one of those people in school， where it's like that weird girl or weird dude。

And it's just from the lack of social collaborationlib。

 from understanding all these other people's points of views。

 many of our students actually come from that point of view and sometimes I've had situations where I was in a class and I felt like I was that guy and I always wanted to gain an understanding of a wide variety of things I just didn't understand when I was young and went to a boarding school。

And in that boarding school， there was people that had a background a massive math assessed。 I mean。

 when you go to a global boarding school， you have people from Saudi Arabia， Hong Kong。

 all around Europe， and you're talking about the。Airs of leaders of industry or people that may even have come from royalty or celebrity family。

 and they've experienced all sorts of things I didn't experience like yachting around boats and traveling around the world and all these different things。

 And so I got fascinated， not necessarily because I could actually have access to all those things but I eventually did I started reading about this stuff he started reading about magazines and reports and books in the library just spent a lot of my social time studying all these activities I had no idea about started reading autobigraphies a successful people。

 people who have done crazy adventures journeys and autobigraphies because I wanted to like travel around on a hot air balloon like Richard Branson。

 I wanted to understand what his mindset was and this because I wanted to start a successful newspaper like William ranolhut。

 I wanted to understand what he was thinking when he invented things like Yle journalism and what have you understanding history and understanding all these different mindsets kind of allows you to understand what's going on today and eventually by comparing the paths that successful people of taking。

I've used a lot of that to understand how to gain access to those things that those successful people have。

 whether it was ideas in terms of how to create a accessible business or how to get access to certain kinds of material goods or certain kinds of resources so I could participate in some of these athletic events。

One of the weirdest things I did actually， was that I wanted to get an understanding of how successful guys and girls that were from like really weird European backgrounds。

 I came from very traditional Asian background， but like really wealthy， like European aristocrats。

came to the US and then they moved to New York and then they went to school in Princeton where I was going to school and understanding that background because that was just like a fairy tale。

 weird thing to me and I was reading books like Pride and Prejudice and Jane H trying to understand that stuff。

But what was interesting to me is I had gone into a course po and I didn't have a lot of money or skills when I was growing up。

 my dad at the time was a professor and it became a successful businessman but when I was a kid。

 you know he didn't have like a ton of money， it wasn't until I was already。

collegege and graduating and but in my own company that he actually did the same thing himself。And。

One of the。Things that I got into for horse polo is I found a guy who had a horse ranch and by coincidence。

 who was actually the father of Courtney loved the rock star who ended up moving into Project Hollywood mansion with。

 I total a coincidence he had a horse rannch， I told him hey。

 I'll build a website for you if you help me learn how to play a horse polo。And he did。

 and then that allowed me to create a horse Polo club in Princeton。Where I was going to Bne school。

 and I got to interact with all the people that are involved in that culture。I think a lot of it。

 though， had to deal with just me using my toy different background， my skills in that sense。

 which was in computer science and programming because I used developed websites ever since I was like 12。

And use it to get access to things that were now course right。

 then understanding a culture and then using that to understand the social aspects of that culture and then friendly with the girls and guys who are really into that and then using that。

嗯。Knowledge to understand and relate to。These people that were really affluent and really successful。

So a lot lot of my mindsets and experiences is a kind of。

Going down that kind of path of trying to just get access to things because I found that by having access to all these various neat things。

 could go deeper and kind of have like the tools and mechanisms。

 but I always believe that there's a way，There's always an out of box solution。

 no matter how much of a bind or how difficult you're in terms of a situation。

And I've always pushed myself to limit。With the belief that there's always going to be some kind of a safety net within myself that I could find。

 I always found that I was always very resourceful。And so for me。

 that resourcefulness has carried a lot of my actions to success in terms of like business and my social life。

I think a lot of it has to do with me also surround myself people that have the same thing One of the thing I like about you Mi is that you were always very resourceful as well。

 but more importantly we be able to calibrate and relate to people so when they're really stressed out and you have difficult situations。

 you're able to kind of like understand them empathize with them。

 add some humor and spark some interest in the conversation right let's go into the third step。

All right， so what's。Bm，So as I mentioned with， you know， three steps， you have the。

Clarity of outcome that you use to define the direction that you're going。

 That's you seeing the top of them out and saying， I really want to go there。

 That looks like a cool journey。😊，Then you have your immunity circumstance。

 which is when you encounter。A rock or a bouler or an obstacle in your way。

 You embrace that obstacle。 Not only do you not let it affect you。

 but you actually take that obstacle and leverage it in a way。

 And this brings us kind of to the third step， which is。Infinite gratitude。And this is such a silly。

Step in a way， because it's one of those things that， you know。

 you hear hippie say of like express gratitude， express gratitude。 But it's something that。

Once mastered has such a profound effect on the way that you live your life。

 And I use this technique I call it micrograitude， where。In the morning。

 as I'm taking my shower or let's say I'm driving somewhere， I express gratitude。

For every single little thing。In your life so。For example， I'm driving past some trees。

 I'll try and express gratitude for every single leaf。On every single little tree。

 So that's like 10000 little points。Of gratitude。 And what that does is it kind of helps for。

And refill you with the energy that you need to maintain that immunity or circumstance。

 because maintaining immunity circumstance requires quite a bit of effort and quite a bit of willpower to do。

 It's not just something that I think we have by default as human beings because it's very easy to have something happen and you know。

 have that set you up into a downward spiral。 I think we've all had days like that and。

You take that gratitude。 So， you know， wherever you are right now in your life。

 as you're watching this， maybe you are struggling to find a job。

 but maybe you're in a 9 to 5 that you don't really enjoy。

 Maybe you're working really hard to scale a business that you're having a hard time scaling wherever you are。

 maybe with women， you're struggling。 Maybe you're struggling with your personal life。

 your social life。 Maybe your family life， take a moment。😊，And find one thing that you're really。

 really grateful for。And then。Breathe that energy in。And， you know， not to get too esoteric here。

You kind of have to factor in that it， it's really kind of like insane when you think about it， the。

 the pure， you know， mathematics of the fact that we're here on this earth。 I mean， think about it。

 like we're， we're on a rock。Flying around this giant ball of fire， this giant fission reaction。

 And we happen to be at just the right distance from that rock where it's。

 it's warm enough to sustain life。 but not， you know， so hot to where it like， you know。

 we become like KFC or KFCP， Kentucky Fried people。 And at the same time。

 we happen to have all the things on this rock that we need。To live。 And then， you know。

 we happen to evolve in this way to where we are now， where we have like hands and， you know。

 we can see things and hear things and experience things。 And even， you know。

 the probability of like， like our parents meeting and you know。

 having that experience in that fertilization process。 I mean， the mathematics behind our existence。

Are absolutely insane when you really take a moment to realize it。

 And that makes it a lot easier to go， wow， I'm really， really grateful for。😊，You know。

 the these stars that are in the sky because they're just laid out the certain way。 And I'm really。

 really grateful for。😊，Just the fact that I can move my hand， just literally。

 when I say move my pinky， my pinky moves。 I mean， that's so cool。 I know。

 it sounds kind of like borderline like kind of retarded。

 But I think it's such a cool thing because then， you know。

 when you have those obstacles that come in your way or those circumstances that are going to try and throw you off so much easier to be immune to that because。

 you know that the next step is going to be gratitude。 You know， if like， if you get into， you know。

 got into a fender bender today and。😊，I actually didn't practice this as well as I could have。

 Had I been， you know what， that's okay， I'm blessed enough to have a car， You know。

 and I'm blessed to be able to experience like， I have a car to get reended in， you know， it's。

 it's such a insane thing。 So it that's kind of， you know， the third step of my three step。😊。

Philosophy， it's， you know， really clearly define where you want to go and。

Develop that immunity to circumstance， and。From there。

 expressed the gratitude for every little thing， because that's what's gonna。

Help the real you shine through and help take you to the next level。Thanks， Michaelel。 Yeah。

 I definitely coordinated everything to be in a way where it was kind of。

Kind of like what I could do as like an ultimate like first course for students that I could have from the knowledge off top of my head that I want to put together very。

 very quickly。 I mean behind the scenes， we put the Foers Club together really together within one month and it was amazing And now。

 of course， it's going to be developed over time for additional know two to three months as we do more interviews and more content we have live events and webinars。

I lot of it was really easy because it was just basically the things that I think that were really useful for me in my learning process in terms of game and not just in terms of like pickup。

 but also in terms of business and my social life。 And I wanted to put together because these are kind of the tools I wish I had when I first got into it。

And another thing is I really also have a unique and different path than a lot of other students。

You know， a lot of my views on life are somewhat of extreme。

 So I wanted to have us also talk to a bunch of the people who are actually in RSD nation in terms of those things that I think are not typically talked about。

 So in RSD， most of our content。Is about pickup and dating。

 And sometimes we'll go into mindsets and what have you。

 But we very rarely go behind the scenes in RSD， and especially involved with the business world。

 So I want us to go deeper into that。 And I wasn't sure about what content because a lot of people would say。

 you know， there's a lot of guys out there。That are really more established in terms of business。

 You guys are more established as a pickup。 Why would we want to learn business from you guys。

 And I was responding and I said， well， look， that's true。

 There's a lot of guys who do understand a lot of different aspects of business。

 Maybe you're focus on entrepreneurship and that certain kind of entrepreneurship like a niche like internet marketing。

 We always talk about how going deeper into a particular niche allows you to kind of master that particular process like a rocket scientist as opposed to just like a general scientist And so has that specialized skillske will have more success more income and also create this really unique thing。

 You， at the same time， I think what's unique about what we're doing。😊。

Because you're taking those guys that are really ingrained in the RSD beliefs。

 We understand what the RD curriculum。 going understand what RSC nation members want and what they have been taught so far and taking those skills that they have learned and applying them into those things that we believe will help you get to success in that aspects of life。

 including your networking skills or social game your longer term relationships and applying those mindsets and skill sets to also the business world。

 I think a lot of my concern and originally in terms of talking about business came from their frame that I believe that although a lot of people should learn business。

 I think one of the catchy kind of things kind of like six pack a for sale on the home improvement channel was a fact that so many people want to become an entrepreneur。

 I think everyone should be entrepreneurial， but to become an entrepreneur requires a lot of sacrifice and risk。

 Now myself， I've always been kind of like the Texas Hol and poker player who goes all in a lot and willing to take those risks because I'm willing to lose everything and build everything back up。

😊，Now， I usually don't have to do that。 if I'm doing a big bet。

 It's because I have a lot of safety nets in play within our business is' always checks and balances。

 It is always what we call accountability control systems。

 you do a lot of that when you're building your social network and relationships。 A lot of。

 I think relationships also end up becoming part of strategy。 like a chess game。

 making sure you have the right people in place so that you could have the kind of social life you want getting rid of those people that are kind of taking you down。

 Yet at the same time in business world， a lot of people are not sure exactly what they really want to know。

 They want to know， I want to create money。 I want to be rich， but how do you do that。

 So what I want to do also was talk to RSC nation guys just about the business part。

 because I kind of feel like I have an understanding of what people are looking for in terms of like pickup and dating relationships in the mindset just from the R YouTube channels that our RC instructors have。

 And I was able to get four questions put together with your help Mcil。

 I thought that we could just kind of go through the one by one and get the answer。

 first question is。I had this CEO within my company。 He said。

 you talk about the value of your product first and the value you could give them and not talk about the price at all at first。

 What do you think。So。That， that's an interesting statement， I think。First off。

 there's some accuracy to the statement， but I wouldn't start。With the product。

 I wouldn't start with with the your R。 you know， the。

 this the typical here's what we're gonna give you because it's， I mean， it's so easy to start there。

 right， Like I'm， you， I， I'm a huge tech guy。I love U X。 I love the user experience of like， okay。

 well， how can I make the best product that I can possibly make？ Like， I mean， I'm like obsessive。

 I'm hyper OD with this stuff。 So this， I think it's really easy to get。😊。

Kind of caught in that trap of， well I'm making the best product I can possibly make。 But。

 let's take a step back here for a minute， and。Look。At the people， because what are products。

 products are just things people use or you know， things people benefit from so。What are the people。

That are involved with the experience of your product。 Well， like， what are they like， like。

 not only what are they like， But you know， what， what is the emotional experience。

 What is the physical experience， Like， what are they actually experiencing when they're using your product。

 because， you know， I think what's interesting with， with that。

 quote is like Price was mentioned last。 we'll come back to that in a moment， but。You know。

 even with the people， I think most people would stop there。

 I think the average marketer would kind of be like， okay， well。

 I know that my people like chai lates。 And so I'm gonna do a chai latte stand。 right， kind of thing。

 And it's so easy to stop there， but。I always try and take it one step back even from there。

 And you go back from the people to the purpose。 Simon Senock has this really great book called Start with Why。

 And the quote， something that really resonates with me。 It's people don't buy what you do。

 They buy why You do it。 So。Relating to that statement， well， now， now you've got this purpose。

 now you almost have this mythical drive behind why， you know， maybe you're。

 you're a standalone brand， but even bigger behind why maybe you as。

 as a company are doing the things that you're doing。

 I think so few people define that for themselves and for their business that it becomes。

This thing where they're just kind of habitually。Making these products。

 And they don't really know why。 And then like these products， all of a sudden like， don't sell。

 And they can't figure out why they're not sewing。 And they get caught in that little loop because they're not really getting to the core。

 They're not getting to the source of why they're doing the thing in the first place。

 So with the relationship to that statement， I'd say first， you know， take the two steps back。

From the product， then once you've done that， now let's move forward。

 and now we can move forward towards price and。Obviously， in this situation。

 I think the the big takeaway from the question is， you know。

 you mentioned like features and benefits before you mention price。 And， you know。

 in all of the sales copy I've done， I have a very interesting way that I bring up price because one of the biggest sticking points that people have in business is asking for money is saying。

😊，Okay， like， how do I get paid。 I hear this all the time？ And it's， well， okay。

 I have this great thing。 But， you know， is it okay to ask people to pay me for it now and。It's such。

 such a fine line。 I think for a lot of people。 And the way I do this is it's the what's it worth technique。

 so。Let's just take pickup as an example and know， what's it worth？

To never have to experience that social anxiety again。

 What it worth to you to know that any woman you come across is going to have an amazing interaction with you and build attraction with you if you so want it to。

And then you introduce Price you go， what's it worth to you， How much is it worth to you。

To be able to experience that。 So now you're tying the quote unquote cost， I even， you know。

 of the product to the experience。 You're not tying it to the features。

 You're not tying it even to the benefits。 You're tying it to that emotional response。

 that emotional experience。 So to kind of wrap that question up。 I do think it's accurate。 Yeah， you。

 you know， you go。You break down。You know， all the benefits and all of that。

 And then you introduce price， but。There's， there's a bigger way。 take those steps back。

 really hone in on why you're doing it， really hone in on who you're doing it for。

 really hone in on what it is。 and then really hone in on what is it actually worth to that person。

 And that's how you get to that end point that you want to be at。 The next question。

Is market data trus product data every time， true or false。

 One of the things that you learn when you're studying for law school， for example。

Is the difference between those things that。Are kind of definitive。Versus those things that are not。

 because when you're in trial， there's always like it's undeniable evidence where。

 or if it's like potentially like wrong。 and there's things like， well。This is really significant。

 Or this is the way it is。 It's like these little small changes of linguistics is the difference between what's right and wrong。

 I myself， personally， we haven't yet mastered this stuff。

 So that's why I'm actually be studying this stuff。

 I've always been fascinated by law because of the social graces and the preciseness of language。

 And I'm always working on improving that precision。 I hope to master that in the next few years。

 You know， every time let's kind of take that out， let's kind of rephrase this because I think this will help the person that's actually asking the most is market data and product data When should I use which and why。

So let's kind of address it from that standpoint because we're not going to have this like you know。

 measuring contest between which data is better because it just it kind of really doesn't work that way。

So market data is really， really great for certain things。Because market data gives you an overview。

And it lets you see from the sky。 you know， it gives you that bird's eye view of what's going on。

In the world or in that specific subset in that specific market， it lets you see trends。

 and it really lets you see。What pool you kind of want to jump into。So。

 you know if you're seeing a specific trend happening and you realize that could be an exciting trend。

 if you've really done your market research correctly， that could be an amazing opportunity。

And then product data is always a subset in a way of market data。

 So market data kind of encompasses product data。 But prime data is a lot more specific because what are products。

 Product are just things that people within a given market use。Consume or utilize。

From that standpoint， you're gonna get a lot more specific data points like， okay， well， we have 3。

 you know， I see there's 13。Major competitors in this niche。 And here are the top three。

 And here are the things that seem to be working for them。 And here are the reasons why。

 And here are the things that people really like as far as feature sets， as far as， you know。

 experiences as far as， you know， very， very specific concrete data points。

 that then you're gonna be able to use to leverage your product。 if you want to be competitive。

 right， to be as good， if not better， than everything else， that currently exist within that market。

But it's so easy to get carried away with， you know， let me look at the product data。 like。

 let me optimize， optimize， optimize and miss the trend。 And this， this happens all the time and。

You know every industry you could possibly think of a great example is there's a book by Christian Christianen。

 I believe， called the Innovator's Dilemma。 and it talks about the disruption of the microcroprocessor market and for the sake of brevity。

 What happens is you get so focused on making these little optimization。

 So what happened is you have these big processors and people were trying to figure out， well。

 how can I make this processor you know， 10% better and 30% better and all the stuff that they completely missed the market trend that said。

 look， people want computers in their home， they want to be able to take their computer and bring that computer with them。

 which means that the processors have to be way smaller and way lighter。

 you can't have these big machines that take up an entire room。

And you had companies that completely missed that trend。

 So all the optimization that they did within。You know， their their product research went you know。

 went completely to nothing because they just got completely obliterated when when these microsprocessors came out。

 So when it comes to the tradeoff， I think you know what I always look for is within a mark within market data。

 I look for entry and exit points。 Or I look for the peak of the hill。

 So a great example here is the the viral social media kind of piecemeal media market。

 I think that is about to hit the the hilltop pretty soon。 So that the example of that is Snapchat。

 Right It's piecemeal。You know， media consumption and distribution。 Now。

 I think it's going hit a hill。 It might go up more from that。

 But that's something where you go and you go， okay， well， you know what。

 that's maybe not a market that I'm interested in because。

I don't see there being a whole lot of innovation there happening， however。

There could be an entry point to another market that's related to piecemeal media consumption。

 such as， for example， really mastering video distribution on a mobile device。

 which hasn't yet been mastered。 And that could be an entry point into a whole other market。

 So I look for， entry points。 And then obviously， an exit point。 great example is when know。

 these scanner apps came out。 know how you can kind of just take your phone and you can scan a document。

 A lot of the big printer companies that you also make scanners didn't really catch on that。

 They were still creating these scanning machines that you know。

 you take a piece of paper and you kind of put it flat down and you scan it。

 And they didn't really realize that。Well， people don't really want this big thing in their home that just。

 you know scans things。 It's not really， we've moved on past that。

 So that was an exit point where a new technology came in， It disrupted the market。

 And now you have a new market with a whole new list of product research that has to be done within that market。

 So hopefully that kind of answers that question because' I think that's a better angle to take rather than know what Trump's what。

 you know， we're not doing like a political campaign here for what data is the best。 So。There you go。

 Yeah， I know that Steve Jobs used to always talk about how he didn't really care about what the market wanted。

 he basically just created something that he think they really needed。

And it was more about his kind of just understanding of the market。 at the same time。

 you also look at things like our own products like Vegas immmersion or the boot campamp。

 a lot of the ways that we've refined these programs since we kind of also create these weird esoteric things out of in there。

 and they were so esoteric they require like 30 pages of sales letters plus constant videos。

 just understand what they are。But we created these things and continually refined them not based upon what we thought for the market one。

 We we created Vegas immersion， for example， we asked a lot of people， hey。

 what do you want from this program， We're going to create longter living situation in Vegas and a lot of people answered。

 But it wasn't until we actually had several clients go through the program that we' find it into this program into what it is now where the clients are loving it even more than they had in the past。

 So I do believe there's a lot of value in in both approaches。 Let's go to the next question。

 How do you， how do you build up an email list。😊，Alright， so this is。

 this is one that really hits kind of home。 And I kind of want to take this back to the first question。

 because。It's very easy to just dive in and say， okay， well， let me do this thing， but。

The first question we， we kind of talked about。 We kind of started on step 3。

 So let's go back to why。You want to build an email list in the first place。

What is it that this email list is going to let you do that you want to do。

And really hone in on the why。 Now， we'll take a just a kind of clear cut example here。

 Let's say that the why is that this particular individual wants to have their own lifestyle business。

 They want to have a business that is driven off of that email list that then generate some revenue to be able to maintain a certain lifestyle and not have to work。

 So I'll just kind of use that as the default example。 not really knowing。

 but kind of guessing that that's probably it。 So okay， let's say that that's your why。 Well， great。

Now， let's take it a step further。 and let's talk about the people。

 Let's really talk about when that being your why， Who are the people that are actually on your email list。

 because。It's so easy to get caught up and like， okay， well。

 let me build an email list and then market it。 But we forget that like people on your Internet are still people。

 right， It's like when you click something， you're still a human being。 that's clicking something。

 And we've all had this。Fear， weve all had this paranoia when we put our email list in somewhere。

 we go， well， where is this really going， right is this going to result in me like getting spam。

 Is this going to completely backfire， Am I like actually going to get the thing that I want。

 you know， so， so realize that there's actually people and figure out what those people have going on inside their head。

Then you take to the step that we're at。 Okay， well， how do you build an email list now。Obviously。

 well， you need somewhere for people to put in their email。 I know that sounds kind of silly。

 but you'd be amazed。 People actually forget that step。 but not only that， you take the pass that。

 you give them something that they actually want and or need at that point in time。 So， you know。

 great example， three quick shortcuts to get perfect abs or the 10 things you can do right now in your business that are going completely revolutionize your results。

 Whatever it is that someone is gonna actually want。😊，You take that and you make that the reason。

 Now， you can get really creative here。 You know， a lot of the app companies are getting very。

 very creative。 So I would look at that look at what they're doing where， you know。

 you get like a bonus inside the site when you do that， you can do that。 So you really figure out。

 you know， you take， you take it from that。 Why you take it from that purpose and then you get it to that point where where people are putting it in。

 It's very， very clear that you're coming from your place of purpose now。😊。

Two things from here that I think a lot of people miss。

The first is we're in this era where Internet marketing is still coming into its own。

 It's still this new kind of thing that some people have figured out。 Some people have not。

 And it's actually really exciting because there's a lot of like myths and misconceptions that come with that。

 But there's also a lot of room for experimentation。

 And where so many people drop the ball is what I call like contact point marketing。

 They're so concerned with the landing page and the conversions on the landing page and the graphics and the headline that they completely forget。

😊，About what happens。After that。It's like， so if you can do yourself a huge favor。

If you want to answer this question for yourself， focus on what happens after they've put the email in。

 Like， what's the first thing that happens， right， And then okay， well。

 what there because we've all had this situation where we put our email list in and it's like。

 well here you go。 Here's my 7 steps to lifestyle mastery。 By the way。

 I also have this thing for $47 that you can buy。 And you're like well， great， okay。

 that sounds great。 And it's become such like such routine for people to do that right because Internet marketing is like this cool new thing on how you can break out of the lifestyle。

 But ask yourself this question。 What would you want。😊。

As a human being that puts their email list in。What would you really want。

 Would you just want to get the thing that you were promised？ Yeah， that's nice。 That's a good。

 that's good。 That's a neutral experience。 Like you go， you get a coffee。

 But wouldn't it be great if you put your email list email in。 And yeah。

 you got the thing you wanted。😊，But then you got something else you didn't even know you wanted。

That change your life and then you became better because of it。

 and then you got another thing and it just kept coming。So。

That's the first thing that people really mess up it's like we talk in Founderers Club about lifetime value。

You're not just building an email list。 You're building an relationship。

 This is something that's gonna to last over a course of time。 It's not just this contact point。

 And then you're dying well， gotcha， thank you very much Now， can you give me your money， please。

 you don't want to do that because you're gonna not be able to stand out， build that relationship。

 The second where I think there's a lot of misconceptions is and this is probably the biggest thing。

 And this is something that RSD does phenomenally is give away the very， very best stuff。

 The best content that you have， take it and give it away。

 give it to people because this comes back to the purpose。 if the purpose is there。

Everything else should fall into place， and it should be very， very clear what to do。 Take that very。

 very best stuff。And let people see it。 Let people experience it。

 Let people enjoy it because that's what's gonna build that list for you。 because now there's， boy。

 there's a reason for them to come。 Boy， there is， and then they come and they opt in。 And wow。

 they get more stuff。 And now they get excited。 And they share it with their friends。

 And that's how you get viral marketing。 And that's how you build an email list。

 And then that's how you have the permission。😊，To market to that list later。

 there's a book called Permission Market。 I highly recommend check it out because。

We don't want to be sold， but boy， we really want to be empowered to buy。

 So that's my answer to that question of how to build an email list。Yeah。

 I found that building the value。Is definitely the most talked about thing that we talked about with RSD。

 Secondly， I think a lot of it has to do with building that relationship because I think like similar to what you were saying in terms of like guys chasing girls for sex。

 the other thing that I've also found is having so many of my guy friends that are single and desful being chased by women。

A lot of it is the flip side where there's so many girls that are going after these guys because they have money。

And。Tal about an RSD， you know， it's not about money and here's a pickup。 But at the same time。

 money gives you access to all sorts of things of value。

 And a lot of girls will chase guys who are really just having a lot of money and guys won't。

Be receptive to that because they want to feel like they are liked for them。

 as opposed to being like for the money。 And that's where it has to be like the girl wants to seduce that guy。

 It's gonna have to make an emotional connection first and have that connection turn into like some kind of emotional investment。

 It's the same when you're chasing like a business deal with those guys who are way more successful than you。

 You got to connect with people。 You got to have that relationship For those of you who are trying to establish personal relationships with even mentors。

 I think that's extremely important。 Let's go to the last question， though， The last question is。😊。

I'd like to learn some marketing techniques that you can use in game for higher results。

 We talked a little bit about that earlier， but let's wrap it up with a little bit more from you。😊。

Marketing in the game。 I will convert every lead into a lay。 This is。

 this is this there's actually some， some cool stuff here。 This。 I mean， this is a very。

 very broad topic。 So this is one that I think we can revisit as well in the future。

 One is actually data。 So this is actually something。😊，Very。

 very many people in the game overlook because you'll try something。

 and you'll think you learn from it。And then you go home and you kind of， you， process it。

 then you go back out。 And it's almost like you try the same thing again。To get a different result。

And one of the big things with marketing is with every。

 like with every marketing campaign I do with every single piece of content I put out。

 I'm always trying to not just market。 I'm trying to learn。 I'm trying to expand。

 I'm trying to improve。 I'm trying to evolve the way。That I exist And pick up is this really。

 really cool， dynamic evolutionary experience that we go through。 It's a rite of passage， I think。

 in many ways so。😊，Really look at。What's actually working。

 I think you have to have a very high level of awareness to do that， but I think。

A lot of new to intermediate individuals that I see in pickup， they're， they're looking。

For the wrong things， they're looking for the outcome。 They're looking for the result。

 They're not looking at what is actually working， because once you string together the things that are actually working。

 you get the result that you wanted in the first place。 So that's the first thing。 The second is。

You let's take a really common marketing concept of objection handling so。

When it comes to selling somebody a product， what are you doing。

 you're convincing someone to part with their money。And give that to you。 I mean。

 that's actually a very powerful thing that you're doing。 So， you know。

 what are the most common objections to that。 Well， okay， I don't have the money。

I don't have the time， you know why now？But there's one that's often overlooked and it I just。

I just don't trust you。I think a lot of people think， okay， well， my funnels right， you know。

 I have all these things set up properly， or like I'm such a great guy。

 I'm doing all the techniques but。You're missing this one key piece of I just don't trust you。

What develops trust， I mean， we talked about empathy earlier。This is something that。

Develop stress on such a high level， because at that point。

You're not separated when you're in true empathy， you are one with the other person。 So if。

In marketing， I come across someone that really genuinely needs the product that I'm in the capability of delivering to them is。

Almost it's like my duty。To find a way for them to get that product because。If I was to tell you。

 hey。You know， you take。Where you are now。And you take the growth that you've been experiencing。

Over the last 10 years。And you take all that， and you put it in a capsule。And you feed that to。

 let's say your loved one or your child， you take all that knowledge and you gift it to somebody else。

Now， how would you like it if I did that for you with all of my knowledge。

 Because that's what this product is。 So now you're taking your experience， your unique angle。

And you're parting it on them。 And in pickup， you're doing the same thing。Because。

You might not realize this， but when you're out， you're marketing， when you speak any word。

 you're marketing。When you。Step out your door。 You are a brand， yourself branded， and。

Women resonate with that。In different ways， depending on how you position yourself。

And the further that you take that， the better。 So a great example is， okay， let's say you。

 you're out with a girl。 So you met her around。 and you could tell， deep down， she's like。

 I just don't trust this guy well。😊，Well， what do you do， right。

 well let's take a marketing approach at that。All right， well。

 if someone doesn't trust me to deliver them。You know。

 the best product I could possibly deliver is something that they actually need。 Well。

 have I listened， have I taken the time to figure out what they actually need， right。

 Seek first to understand and then to be understood。

There's probably a good reason right if a girl doesn't trust you。

 well guess what she gets hit up you know with hundreds of messages a day， if she's of any value。

 she gets hit with this stuff all the time， so why should she trust you？

Have you taken the time to listen， Do you even understand who she is。

Because if you can't understand your customer， you can't help your customer。Absolutely true。

 so understand first。Really， you almost have to trust them first。

And you have to seek to find where they're coming from， what they experiences。

 what emotions they're going through in that point in time， and then you take that。And you。

Make it evolve。 You find that， you know， you find where it hurts and you actually heal it。

 you find where it's beautiful and where they're having it amazing。 And you amplify it。

 and you take that。 And that's a marketing concept because when you experience a product that you love that excites you that blows you away。

😊，That's an emotional response。Like like I have an iPhone here。

 we don't buy an iPhone because we want an iPhone， we might not realize we don't want the thing。

 we want the emotional response。You don't get a nice car because it's 500 horsepower。

 you might tell yourself you might logically justify it， but you get it for the feeling。

 you get it for the emotional response that happens in that moment in time。

 So that's kind of to use marketing， find a way to elicit those emotional responses。In women in game。

 So a lot of stuff there， a lot of things I can go deeper on too。 but I think。

 because it's such a deep topic， those are those are some good takeaways is is it really。

Establish the trust。And。Find those emotions that are meant to be amplified and amplify them and heal the ones that are meant to be healed。

So。We were talking earlier kind of about， you know， the way that business functions。 and in general。

 the transition from。From learning maybe pickup or self development to learning business and how I think in many ways。

 it feels like kind of a leapfrog kind of effect。But as we were having that conversation。

I came to the realization and， first off， I want to say thank you so much for having me as a part of Rs Z Founderers Club because。

RSD is really in this unique place where it's not just。A company。

And I'm even going to say the super cheesy thing of it's not just a movement。It's an experience。

 and it's a transformative。Life changing。Entity， it's almost like a， like a rock band。That exists。

 that just blows people away。 I mean， we do these events all around the world。 It's global， which。

 you know， if you want to talk like logistics， that alone， I think。

 is an entire different topic we could dig into of the logistics that actually have to make that happen。

 I mean， we're just time zones and everything else。

 But the coolest thing about it is it's not just a company。 it's。😊。

It's something that like resonates on such a human level。

 on such an individualistic level with people， with a human experience。

 It really goes through and it cuts away all of the fluff and。Even with our marketing， we do that。

 and so it's so cool to be a part of something like this because。😊。

Not only are you re transforming individuals。Like hopefully from you watching this。

 you've been transformed in one way or another。 hopefully many。

 because that's the best thing that I can give you。

 but even better is to find a way to empower you as the viewer。

 to transform yourself and those around you as well。

 because that's the way that we transform society。 And as cliche as that may sound。

 that's the way that we transform the world。Because as I mentioned before， the clarity of outcome。

 we have to define that for ourselves as human beings。 and we're not alone in this。

 we're part of this bigger ecosystem。 And so， again， I'm so excited and so grateful， Nick。

 for you having me。😊，Do this interview because it's such， I think。

 an integral part of where the world is going。 And it's an amazing experience and an amazing opportunity。

 And you know， I'm massively， massively grateful for that。 And I think。😊，With RSD Foers Club。

 there's a lot of potential to。Change the transform and to evolve and really hit those things that are happening。

 like if we're talking about market data， right， the world is moving in this direction。

 and we're really kind of the force behind the wave in a big way。 So it's really。

 really cool to be a part of that。😊。