# 13、谜男《谜男教学视频》：谜男教学视频 2【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Okay， A3。What is the name of A3？O。Male to female interests。 Now， the girl already likes you。

 You've already got iis。 You got some I。 Hey， this shana for free。 you know。

 hands up for merchandise。 Wow， she was like this。 next thing， you know， she'll start hitting on you。

 It will happen。 Watch it in the field。 It's kind of creepy。 It's weird how quickly it'll happen。

 You know， can I try your glasses。 Oh， I don't know you from a hole on the wall。 Your head big。

 is you're gonna stretch out my glasses。😊，You know。

 things can only stretch so freaking fire before they snap。

So you throw things like that in and you're nice。 you know， they try to grab this。

 If a girl touches this， watch for it。 Okay， if they touch it， she's attracted to me。

If if I'm wearing my big S platform boots and she says， hey， I love your boots。 I'll respond。 No。

 you don't， You're attracted to me。 If I wear this big S hat that I sometimes wear out。 and she goes。

 hey， I love your hat。 No you don't You're attracted to me。 Think about it。

 What if you went up to a girl and looked at her shoes and like， wow， I love your shoes。And she goes。

No， you don't， you're attracted to me and walked off。You've telegraphed your interest。

 what are you going to go up to an ugly girl and say hey， I love your shoes。

 now you're just an idiot trying to come up with some sort of way of communicating your interest。

And you've used shoess as the option， like she's never gotten that before。

 like I've never gotten I like your hat right， So you already know you have attraction。

 You can move on。 Thanks， What do you got going for more than you look， you're pretty pretty。

It beautiful eyes。 Can I touch them。Oh， dirty fingers， hold on， I'll take care of that。Better。

So now you've got indicators of interest from her。You're off to A3。I have a， a series of。

 or a sequence of events that take takes place over and over again。 This is called the bait。Hook。

Real。Release model。呃。How do you know you're off into A3 when you try it and it works if you try it and it doesn't work？

And then you're still in A2， you gave it a go， it didn't work， you're not going backwards。

 it's just you couldn't go forwards， you couldn't do A3 material， so you're still in A2。

In which case， you're still going to nag her and you're still going to do another qualification。

 Sorry， another demonstration routine， D HV demonstration of higher value。

 another story you're going to throw in。 And then you're gonna finally move back into A 3 when you have a chance。

 The main point in a3 is to make her say something。That you can。Give her iOS for。

 you're going to encourage her to demonstrate a higher value to you so you can then indicate your interest to her。

Okay， it's literally the mirror opposite of a 2 in a 2。I'm demonstrating a higher value。

 and she's ioying me for。In a3。She's demonstrating a higher value， and I'm eyeying her for them。Okay。

 bait， we're going to bait her。An example of that would be。What nationality are you？

What nationality are you， if it hooks， she tells you German。Or whatever。You reel her in。

 a real in is really an IoI。You reel in with no way。I love German。Or whatever。Okay， oops germ。

Lo German。And then you release。I can't even talk to you now。I'm reading。Textile。Bit， hook。

 real release over and over again。 What nationality are you German， No way。 Seriously， you're German。

 Oh my God。Okay， I had this girl in high school， I had a crush on， she was German。

 and I can't even talk to you now。Factory。嗯。I learned this a particular method from an exotic dancer I was working。

 She said what's your occupation， what do you do for living？ And I said I'm a magician。

 and illusionlusionist I do stage shows， She goes， no way。I was， I was a magician's assistant。

 I'm like， seriously。 And she says， yeah， who was your favorite magician。 I go Well Doug Heninging。

 and she goes， that's mine， too。 Doug Henning is so much better than all the other magicians。

 You know， is old school。 and it was just more natural。 And she's just going off into it。 I'm going。

😊，Oh my God， I love this girl。 You know， I feel so qualified。 She's like， I absolutely love magic。

 and I love magicians。 You're a magician。 Oh my God， and you're cute， too。

 I can't even talk to you now。😊，Back turned to me， and I was like， fuck。

 and I wanted to win her over because I felt validated。Her IOI， to me felt legitimized。

 was a legitimate IOI。It wasn't a， wow， you're hot and to a girl。

 you can't say you're hot because she gets it all the time。But to find， you know。

 to bait her with something， another one I'll have is， what do you want to be when you grow up？

Don't say princess。I want to be an opera singer。Seriously an opera singer， you're teasing， right？No。

 really， but when was the last time you sang？Yesterday， you sang yesterday， you're fucking with me。

 You sang yesterday， I love opera。Like what type of opera is is it the old school stuff。

 because I'm not， no， it's it's like Le Miz， you're in fucking Li Mz， Holyly shit， I love you。

I can't even talk to you now。Your trouble for me， this is bad news， this is totally。

 I've revealed all my cards。Factor。Release， you have to release it if you're going to do an IOI。

It's gonna make her feel uncomfortable as you do a key you know， as you as you keyno escalate。

 as you give her indicators of interest。 So you have to give the keynote escalation。

 do the indicator of interest and then take it away。Wait for her to come to you。

And I just shut up turn my back and they'll say， so where are you from， and I'm like next。

And then'm back in， right， and I can move in。A3 is in many ways a false qualifying。

 we want her to qualify herself to us。And we reward her for it。 Now。

 a lot of people think that that's a time for， you know， really qualifying her。

 It is my contention that you're not going to qualify her for real in five fucking minutes。

 she's into Britney Spears and you're not， you're not going to say no to her。 she's a hot girl。

 you can you know you can introduce her to your type of music preferences later。

 if she's your girlfriend， don't use this as your opportunity， you know， hey。

 you know she's got five minutes And if not if she says she believes in something you don't believe then get rid of her。

 don't do that。 The girl said， do you believe in God。And I went， well， you know。

 if you mean by the patriarchal God， then no， but is something happening here， look around。

 something big is happening here。 So I'm just， you know， I'm a very scientific mindded person。

 So I've got a great deal of skepticism toward the supernatural。

 considering I can move objects of the power of my mind read read people's minds。

 Ben Meddle predict the future。 You haven't seen any of this stuff because I'm not going to put it off into a workshop。

But these are interesting topics， okay？And。And yesterday。

 I think was compelling evidence to support that I can still get girls without any magic。

 you can swap out a magic trick and swap in a story it does the same fucking thing， you know。

 as long as I'm doing my kno escalation as long as I'm doing my nas， you know。

 and that's what progresses it， it doesn't matter what story or routine you use point is。

Some some material can be used in several different phases。

And it is it really can make a break without it， without A3， you can get instant buyer's remorse。

You won't get next day buyer's remorse where if you go into comfort and then go straight to seduction too fast。

 and your comfort escalation， keynno escalation is too fast， you'll get next day buyer's remorse。

 but you get instant buyer's remorse where the growth feels validated by you。

Because you're in comfort， you start hitting on her， you're arm in arm with her。And you。

 and she didn't have to do anything。 You don't even know her。

 You didn't make her tell talk to you about herself。

It her to say something about herself so that you could get to know her and like her for more than just her looks。

So the minute that she likes you and then you start giving her IIIs because she gave you IIIs。

 it's not enough， she'll feel validated。You know， she won you over just like she does every guy。

 and now you can leave。And that happen way too many times， so you need A3。

 I only do about three minutes of it。Really， it should be seven to ten0 minutes， I think。

However much is needed， but also however much time you think you have。Because like， let's say。

They're at a restaurant。And they're sitting down， and I've got about eight minutes。Between。

 they've just ordered their food。 They have their drinks。 They ordered their food。

 Oh got like 8 minutes before the food arrives，8 to 10 minutes， right。

So I've got a certain amount of time， so I know that I'm going to have to compress my entire game to a 10 minute period。

 or at least compress it all the way until they eat。And then when they're done eating。

 I know I've got another three or four minutes， maybe even five minutes there at the end for their dessert。

 but most people don't pick dessert and when they get the check， they pay and go。

Or when they're paying， I can't be there。So right when they're finished eating and the waiter comes back。

 would you like anything else， they say， oh just the bill。

 then I can go in and I've got a few more minutes there to finish up and get my time bridge built or。

 bounce the whole group if necessary。Before I go off into A3， I forgot to mention。

 there is an all important question that I have to ask。Which goes， so。How do y all know each other？

I have to ask this。H。How do you all know each other？So how do all know each other。

 have to acid it every single set that you're ever going to approach。 if you get as far as a 3。

 which shouldn't be too much of a problem。 It's 5 minutes in，3 to 5 minutes in。

 You're gonna be saying， so how do you all know each other。You know， you have to ask it。

Because you don't know who the boyfriend or the brother is。 It's a necessary element in this game。

 you have to throw that in。 Now what happens if you go into a two set and you say。

 so how do all know each other and the guy says， oh， this is my wife。I'm not going to quit there。

 I'll go one step further， how long have you been married？And I'll say it to her。 Or if the guy says。

 you know， this is my girlfriend， I'll turn to her and say， how long have you been married。

 I'm not married， I thought this is your。No， I don't know I' at all。

 you're not a boyfriend You're just trying to get in。 good for you， man， it's good。

 I've just blown him out by doing that。Now I can work the grow。For him lying to me。

 I'm going to steal his girl。Nothing personal。That's fair， isn't it， you're lying to me。Exactly。

 don't， don't take。Exactly， exactly， don't take your girl out to a public gathering where she can be hit on mercilessly unless you're going to hold her hand and put your arm around her and make sure that she's yours。

You know， show her， show everybody that she's yours， make sure that she shows the two to you。

If you don't have that type of relationship with her， do not take her out into a public gathering。

So bait hook， real release， bait hook， real release， I'll do this several times。

The idea is to encourage her to say something to me， I've got routines。

 entire routines I'm going to teach you it tomorrow， one is called the music game。

 where I say a song that I like and make her reply。

 and we go back and forth and every time she replies I get to either give her an indicator of interest or an indicator of disinterest。

And it escalates until， oh my God， you listen to this， I mean， you and I are so fucking similar。

 it's ridiculous。I can't even talk to you now。That's what happens in A3。

Main point is I encourage her。 I bait her to demonstrate a higher value to say something。

 I have these， I have entire routines that make her encourage her to say stuff to me so that I can find specific areas to indicate my interest to her。

4。It's really the art of the compliment。I want to compliment a girl that I'm attracted to。

 but not until she's first attracted to me and I too。Most guys failure is they begin。In a 3。

 they go in。 Oh not A 3。 They begin building compliments。 They begin in reeling them in。

 They try to reel them in immediately。 They walk up and say， wow， you're absolutely beautiful。😊。

She's like， thank you。You know， loser。Thecars are hot， they get it all the time。

 you can't begin here， that's why we want to have the opportunity to bait them in。Now。

If I say what nationality are you or if I say what do you want to be when you grow up？

Or another bait would be name three things off the top of your head that would make me want to get to know you more。

And if you lie， your friend will tell me if she says， I don't want to talk about it。 Well。

 then you're not in A3 yet。 You gave it a go。 It didn't bite。 You're still an A2。In which case。

 I'm going to nag her by saying， you know what， I was just being polite。

 I really wasn't that interested， Not the personal。

And I'm ready for that contingency because it may happen， okay？And that's a sound biteite。

 like an actual， you know， there's only so many things you can say， these are sound bites。

 you may not be writing them down right now， but trust me tomorrow。

 you're going to be vigorously writing down all these little one liners and stressing to remember them。

Moving。Moving your target or the whole group happens sometime in A3， anytime in A3。

The reason why it'll work anytime in A3 is because anytime after A2。

 she's already attracted to and wants to redeem herself。Because you're basically putting her down。

 putting her down， putting her down， befriending everybody by putting her down。

 disarming everybody by putting her down， lowering yourself self- esteem and then saying so how do you all know each other that's the first way point And then at some point you're going to say and this is another soundp I've been alienating your kind of creepy friend here is said okay if I talked talk for a couple minutes here grab this。

 I'm going to show you something really cool if you're a good girl come with me。We'll be over here。

 just come join us if you want， we'll keep a seat waiting for you guys。By saying that。

 it makes them feel more comfortable。 Oh， they can join at any time。 Yeah， come join us in a bit。

Now you take the girl and you do a handhold， I'm doing a kote test。

 every single time I make a move on her， I'm testing。

 I'm calibrating to see whether she's going to accept the move or not she doesn't accept the mood。

 I'll throw the hand off。That's it， keep moving。That'squi escalation。

 it's very continuously calibrated。Every move that I make， if I here give me your hand。

 I want to find out where I'm at。 I she holding my hand tight， I'm gonna let go。 as I let go。

 does her hand pull away quick or does she keep it there and are we finger finger holding And I'm leading her now through the crowd。

 holding her hand。 and it's on if it feels good we're holding like this and like this。

 I'll open my hand again， Does it stay good。 And then we'll do one of these things。😊。

And then I'm holding the hand like this， walking and isolate。 as I sit down。

 I know that I that I've got her。 she's interested。 Now， sit down。 and when I sit down。

 I'll sit two feet from her， make it less comfortable for her。And wait。

 because I know that she's going to reiniate the chat before I even bother showing her。

 telling her what I was going to show her。 I'll just sit there。

Andll make her work basically make her reinitiate the conversation。

 whenever I put a pregnant pause in for the girl， it's an awkward pause for me。

 it's a specifically placed pregnant pause。If she reinitiates the chat with me。

That's an indicator of interest， and I feel like I'm in control of it。Grab a seat with her。

 she's over here， and I'll just sit and wait。So she'll say so。Whereho are you from？

And I'll tell you all about that in a second。Before I show you what I'm going to show you。

I'm just curious about you。 I mean， I got to know your friends。 and they're all cool。

 First impression of you kind of suck。 Now that I get to know you。

' there's something I'm curious about you。 There's something neat about you。

 What do you got going for more than your looks， And I'm off into a 3。 So I've done my move。

 SAT down into a 3。 Now notice that I'm dangling something in front of her。😊。

To make her go through A3， I do this all the time。She sits down with me where in my C1 location because I'm about to go into my C1 phase so I'm ready to go okay。

 I do my A3 stuff， but I need to pull her through A3 bait hook re release。

 I'm structuring hoops for her to jump through in A3。

 I'm baiting her to take the time to demonstrate a higher value to me。

Sometimes they won't jump through， so I have to put the dangling carrot in front。

 put a little piece of weener hanging in here so that the cat will jump through the hoop off into C1。

 so I will say I'm going to show you something really cool。

 but before I do what do you got going for you more than your looks？

That's an actual sound biteite that I use all the time。 I'm going to show you something really cool。

 but before I do。What are you got going for more than your looks。

And that's right near the beginning of my A3 after I've done a move or in isolation。

Now now I've done that several times。I'm off to C1。Now， it looks like she's gaming me。Now。

 you and I don't feel the difference。 It looks a little different。

 but we don't really feel the difference。For a woman， though。

Any other woman in this room will feel more traction for me if a girl is gaming me。

Then if I'm gaming a girl。 now， why is that， It's because women are going to be attracted to a male who is attractive to other。

Females。That's how that works。 It's it's the boy band principle。Right， think of。Backstreet Boy。

 the very first time that they did a video， they had a bunch of girls chasing them in that video。

 Well， how is that possible。It's their first fucking video。It's the boy band principle and it works。

Another really good attraction mechanism is pre selection。So it's the old experiment where， you know。

 they have this male grouse and the females aren't mating with it that much。

 then they take a stuffed female and put it next to the male。 and suddenly he gets laid more。

 all the other females are coming around。 Why， because he's been preseed by another female it's sort of lazy they don't really evaluate the guy for himself。

 but other girls are into him So he has value if you go out by yourself。

 you can open sets and you can run sets if you're good。 If you go out with a female pivot。

 sets will blow open。Sets of girls will blow open when you go in with your pivot。

 And it's a lot easier to open a set。 If you go out with two female pivots。

 they will come and open you。You'll be sitting there。 Yeah， definitely。

 And then the bold ones will come in。 They will come in and introduce themselves and try to get in on your set when you got your two girls。

's not it's not logical。 and it' definitely not it's definitely not what you would hear in the popular culture。

 but girls are far more attracted to guys who have other girls。 And they may not even admit it。

 They may not even logically believe it， but we're talking about behavior。

 which is mostly governed unconsciously anyway。 And that's how people behave。是的。あ。

Any that you can give or an IOI for is you're the leader of your group， aren't you， Yeah， I can tell。

 I like that about you。 It's really attractive。This is a whole routine， this little piece here， okay。

 to say。When she's talking to you， you know what， you better go run along。

 make some money before you piss your boss off oh wait a sec you're your own boss right because they're freelance so then by sitting here and talking to me you're exercising your freedom to be your own boss。

I like that。 That's really powerful。 I just bought you three more minutes for her to figure out that she's the boss。

 she should be making money。 You know， she didn't come to chat。

 but it makes her feel good for shutting up and talking to for not working and talking to you instead。

Which I really love nice little bit， and you're rewarding her。

You're giving you an indicator of interest for something that she has demonstrated。

Just by not saying a word。That's a nice A3 routine。Good for strippers， especially。

Demonstrations of higher value。I think when you saw me。Well。

 just talking to you guys and I'm moving big like this。 One girl walked by and。Was kind of eyey。

It happened because I'm talking to a group of guys。

 She may also have seen me with girls When I was in that set with all those girls around me。

 didnn't I look cool。I'm not saying me， but anybody。

 any one of you who would have been put in that position where you can just keep them interested for that long。

And hands on， hands off， you know， holding hands and all this stuff。 You know。

 I was when I was having a blast， But two， it looks really cool to add to it。

 all you guys were just quietly。 A bunch of guys were quietly， all surrounded。😊，In the back， right。

 that was a huge set for me。And I'm just lean back， taking it all。

 All it takes is for any of those other women in that room to see， I'm that guy。

I'm not the observing。 I'm the observed。 You're either one of these two people。

300 people come into a room。 They're going to hang out all day long。

 waiting for some else to do something。Are they going to sit back and watch or are they going to be one of those points of interest that unfold in that club？

You know， twohawk girls come in， that's point of interest alone。

 just for them being hot and alled up。Two girls making out that's an interesting thing right this guy having body shots over there with a girl。

 this girl and guy over here is making out photos are taking place over here， Hey。

 can you take my picture right never grab the girl's camera and take a picture of lowers your value You become one of those losers that they just tool you have to do you know they。

It， can you take a picture of？No， please。I'd rather be an asshole about it。

 They can go year in asshole， I am， but I'm fun。Go get yourself a lackey。I'm just not going to。

 you know， pull that off because otherwise I'm taking pictures of them。 They're like。

 thanks for making to go with that。 Oh， by the way， did you。It's， it's chunky。 it's false。嗯。

What else do we have here， Okay， DHV， so leading the in。Leading the women。

How do you lead the men and the women， stories， the stories can be non seur。

 they could be just information， how many nines between one and 100？

It's one example of a routine you can throw in。 Some routines have to be。Asexual。

 there has to be no sexuality in it because you'll be telling these stories to guys。

While I speak to you， my target can still hear what I have to say thereby。

Conveying high value without appearing like I'm bragging。That's important because if I start going。

 hey， you know where I'm from， I'm from Hollywood， where are you from？

This is going to sound like bragging， but if I'm talking to one of the obstacles and I'm shooting eggs at the target。

 disarming the obstacle， making sure that no one thinks that I'm potentially after her。

I have shut her down from giving me potential protection shield stuff like boyfriend stuff。

 boyfriend objections。 She's going to say， well have a boyfriend。

 She will never say that she has a boyfriend to me if I say， okay， hands off。Wch your turn。

 Jesus Christ， where's our off button？By saying that she's not going to give me any boyfriend objections。

I have not triggered her protection shield。And now that I've thrown the egg。

 I've also you know disqualified myself from being a potential suitor from the eyes of the obstacles so they don't feel threatened by my presence。

Now， I can demonstrate a higher value by sequencing a series of interesting stories。Okay。

 DL V is a demonstration of lower value。But these DOVs are actually DHVs。Okay， so， for example。

 let's say that I'm talking to some girls。 and I say， yeah， I feel like I'm getting so fat lately。

 okay。That's a DLV。I'm demonstrating lower value by saying that I'm fat。But it's really a D H V。

 because what I've really subcomd to her is I'm not trying to impress you at all。 It's like a nag。

 right， when you nag， like the quintessential eggg is where you go into SAT and you blow your nose。

 Okay， I'm not insulting her。 I'm not trying to make her feel bad。

But I have just very definitively given her the feeling that I'm not trying to impress her。

So that's what a egg is。 So a DOV is very similar to that。 if I say， yeah。

 I feel like I'm getting so fat。I haven't insulted her。

 I haven't made her feel bad or made her think that I'm trying to make her feel bad。

 but she knows I'm not trying to impress her。 Well。

 she believes she will honestly believe that I'm not trying to impress her。So that's what a D V is。

 It's basically a false disqualifier。 It works like a nag。

Some people have demonstrations of lower value when a girl says， so what do you do And you say。

 I'm an ass model。 And you're like， no really， what do you do。 I work at taco Bell。 Ha， really。

 what do you do。Well， I don't know you well enough。 Well， guess what。 You just lost it。

You demonstrated lower value because you hesitated and you didn't get to answering it properly。

 And the answer that you had didn't convey high value。Conveyed nothing。 It's like a bunch of jokes。

 one joke is funny。2 jokes， not so much，3 jokes。 Now you're hiding something。 Nice meeting you。

 goodbye。Examples of attraction locations again。Could be a mall。Club。Could be the street。

But what will you notice about the mall， the club and the street， Not very good at building comfort。

 Are they， That's why they're traction occasions。 But what's good about them is a lot of people。

A lot of opportunities for interaction， also a mall。You can find hired guns。ACl。

 you can find hired guns a street， you can， streets， I don't like streets personally。

It takes way too long to find your sets。But。Still place。You know。

 you're going to be out there anyway。And you can， you can embed these DHV spikes demonstration of higher value spikes right into a story。

 Let's say a story begins here。 time travels3 minutes long， and it ends here，3 minute long routine。

You want to add these DHV spikes， no DLV spikes going down， little pits。

 demonstrations of lower value。 You want DHV spikes， What is a DHV spike， what it's an example。

 I'll give you an example story starting now my last girlfriend up in Toronto before we moved to Hollywood。

 and then Deves was an exotic dancer。 Don't be a hater。 and she calls me。 She's frantic。Calling me。

 saying， baby， baby， Oh my God， Some of the my customers， they're chasing me。

 They're following me home。 and I don't want them know， know where I live。 I'm trying to lose them。

 What do I do， I'm like， well， babe， O， calm down。 stay on the line first off。You know。

 don't try to lose them because you're only going to run into another car or something， a park car。

Relax， chill out。 as long as you know they're behind you。 You're safe。 All right。

 you don't have to drive home just yet。 Stay on the line。 Now， she had called me just。

 I had done a performance。 I'm an illusionist， and I did a performance at one of those high capacityac clubs。

 It's called the government in Toronto。 And I know the owner is a friend of mine。

 So he and some of my friends， my good close loyal friends were backstage with me。

 And we're kind of created our little private VIP thing going on。 I get this call。 And'm like。

 Jesus Christ， I got a split。 which sucked， right。 But hey， just my girlfriend。 I got a roll。

 So my friends， I also feel fortunate that I've got the loyalty， got， I've got loyal friends。😊，And。

And the loyalty is such that if I say， guys， we got to roll， they don't fucking question it。

 We just roll。 And in return。If they said that to me， I'd roll。You know。

 we don't question it because。You know， they've done a lot of good for me。

 I've done a lot of good for them。 We trust each other。 you know， so I said， guysy， we got a roll。

 God problem。 No questions asked。 We hop in the car。 We're on our way。

 I'm keeping her calm on the phone。 Okay， And here's what happened。Let's pretend this here。

That's my car。 And I'm driving along the road here。 Okay， we come to a four way stop。 Her car's here。

 drives here。Okay。Another car， the car in question， is behind her。He doesn't know that I'm here。

 I mean， she， she's driving a camerro， right， And she just paid it off in cash。 It's a new camerro。

 beautifulut car。 And it's got tinted windows。 So I guess they can't tell that， you know。

 she's on the fucking phone with her boyfriend。 Are these guys idiots。

 Do they think that she doesn't have friends。 She's not aligned。So。They come up behind her。

 And she's like， oh， I see you baby you're right there。 just then they bump into her。

 They actually drive up laughing。 and they bump and she sails off in a little ways in。 And I'm like。

 bave just drive through， drive through， drive through。 I'm like， you're fine。 Just drive through。

 I'll take care of us。 And as they started chasing her。 And they were like， They reminded me。

 I shit you not。 They reminded me of bi tanin from back to the future。😊，You know， those guys was。

It's fucking bi tanin。 you know， so I just snapped， and I just went fuck this。

 and I just creamed into the back， and they spun out more than 3，60。 What is that。 It was huge。

 right， We got out of the car。 I walked over， and I had this。

 this piece of pipe from from the rigging of one of my stage set things。

 And and it was in the back of the car。 Its a broken piece。 We had to replace。 So I had that with me。

 And my boys rolled。 And one of them。 His name's Taalman。s， he's a really good buddy of mine。

 He's also second degree damn black black belt in。And。What is it Tekwondo， he takes Twdo。And。

 and I know Cample Ti。 So I was like， just， I snapped。

 So I walked out over to the car and I smashed the front end， walked to the side， smashed it in。

 they're just stunned， walked to the back， smashed it in smashed one of the tail lights in came。

 came up to the。Dri's side looked in。Smash did in。And waited for ever for the guy to finally。

 you know， turn around with glass all over him。 And I said。Dude。Fucking leave。

And hes cars surrounded with my three other buddies。And， and he just started the car。

 and he drove off。 Now I not saying that's the right thing to do。I'm just saying that's what I did。

And a story。 Where's the DHV spikes。嗯。No。Of all the things， one， she's an exotic dancer。😊。

I come prese it。 It's a story about a girl。 It's a story about me saving a girl。

It's a story about my friends rolling with me。And putting themselves in a compromising situation。

Because I must have some legitimate survival value for them to do so。They're investing for a reason。

嗯。The fact that I delivered the goods。You know， if I tell this story。You know not only that。

 but there I am backstage hanging with the owner of the club。And you。

 he's one of my friends and I was on stage。It was a high capacity club。 It all paints a picture。

Every time I say one of these things it's a DHV spike。

As I'm not out to make a million in one mysteries， you will adapt this material to fit your real life。

Okay， third of what that exactly third person to combine by saying my 14 year old niece。 I'm like。

 okay， this is not what we want。 It's not word for word。 It's concept for concept。

 That's how our brains memorize things anyway。 We don't have to remember the word for word stories。

 Just the concept for concept stories。 You know， this happened。 and this happened。 and this happened。

 And our brains remember sequences of events。😊，You know it works through visual association。So。

You have to adapt these to fit your own lives。But I'll tell you this routine in case you haven't heard it yet because it's my opportunity to test it out one more time。

And， and this is how a new story gets developed。 You tell a story to a friend of yours。

 You're on the phone。 You tell a story， and it was like， that was funny。 So what do you do。

 You write the title of that story down on your cheat sheet。

 Everyone should ultimately have a cheatee sheet。😊，And this cheat sheet could be as little as this。

 just little one liner， you know， little notes of the different routines that you want to throw in。

 some of them will be new， some of them will be tried and true。 Why do you have a cheat sheet。

 because sometimes your brain goes fucking blank。And you got it in your pocket like this。

How do you get to it？This is how you're in the middle of a conversation and die， it dies down。

 You don't know where to go， and you just go。That reminds me。And you continue。It's a joke。

 but you get to it。 Another way you can do it is text it to yourself on on your cell phone。

 very convenient way， because you can be in the middle of a conversation and you take your cell phone and you open it up。

 you know。And you continue talking， finish up your story。 Now you've got your next one queued up。

Also， it's great， especially when you're trying new material out。Maybe you've read it online。

 you want to throw it in or a story that you've told a friend before。Now you can get good at it。

 So here's the story that I use。 My niece just turned 14 years old and she's she's the New Year's baby。

 She was born on January 1s for like  seven in the morning up in Toronto。

 And she called me up after her birthday。 I just you know。

 got this call a little bit back and she says to me that she was with a boy。And I went。

 you were with a boy。 What do you mean you were with a boy， And she goes， well， you know， I'm like。

 no， I don't know。What do you mean， you had sex with a boy， you just turned 14 years old。

 and she goes， no， no， I didn't have sex， but you know， I was， you know， I was with。

 I was with a boy。And I said， what， what， like second base。 And she goes， well。Well。

 what's second base， And I'm like， that's a good point。 I don't know。 What is second base。

 What is that。She goes， well， I don't know what second base is。 but I think the answer is yes。 Im。

 oh， that's the last thing I wantna hear。 You're my niece。 I love you。 Happy birthday。

 Did you have fun。 Did you have fun on your birthday。 And she goes， oh my God， yes。 And I was like。

 I don't want to hear that。 she's， this boy hungry。 I mean， my entire family。 my sister。

 like we all have a high sex drive。 I'm not gonna to apologize for it。

 My sister was notorious for having a high sex drive。 She has two children。 And。

 and already the kids， I have a high sex drive。 You know， theyre boy the boy crazy。😊，It's ridiculous。

 you know， I mean， ultimately， the reason why I don't apologize for it is because like， you know。

 when I get married and I have children， my children。

 my wife is gonna to want my children when they grow up to be beautiful children with high sex drives so they can give us lots of grandchildren。

That's my story。Thank you。Isn't it sweet。fun。It's a nice little lighthearted throw in at the beginning。

Good subcommun。Yep， yeah。嗯。Yeah， I threw in the high sex drive piece。

 also that I don't want to hear that my niece is don here。 I'm being enthusiastic about it。

And I'm not talking about the present tense。 We're not her imagination is not going to， hey。

 nice shoes， Where are you from， a nice place you have here。 Can I buy you a beer。

 None of it is here。I'm bringing her to what happened， I'm on the phone， my niece， you know。

 how my sister has a high sex drive， I mean， it just goes off。

And I'm able to convey my personality and within that story。

 see a piece of material is like a vehicle which rides to the target。

 and I get to embed within that material， specific key characteristics。That could convey to her。Now。

 you know， in order to get a woman interested in you， you have to be interesting。So a comedian， you。

 the way he'll be funny is he'll tell one joke and you'll say  wellow， that's funny。

But if he strings 10 in a row， you'll say he's funny。 It's no longer the。

The material that gets the acclaim。 But it's the man himself who gets the acclaim。 So similarly。

 again， if you want to get a woman interested in you。You have to be interesting。

 So if you say one interesting fact has nothing to do with sexuality， nothing to do with attraction。

 nothing to do with subeduction， nothing to do with the pickup。 It's just a non secret。

 interesting fact。If you say one interesting fact， for instance， you could say。You know。

 how many 9s exist between1 and 100。How many。What do you think。How many nines exist between1 and 100。

I'll give you hint more than more than one， more than three。10， is that your answer。Nope。

 you know what，9， this isn't multiple choice， you know， oh my God。I know it's mathematics。

 It's quite difficult， you know， but it's called counting。 It's，'s the basic。1314。

 multiple choice again， it's actually 20。Where is it， 9，19，29，39，49，59，69，79，89，9，91，92，93，94，95，96。

97，98 and 99 is two of them。That's like 20% right there。1 in five。Is the number nine？We're not weird。

Okay， it's a little bullshit Ba's brains at the end， really screws the people。

 And if you fell for that， well， then you fall for a lot。 It's a nice little test for me。Nonetheless。

 when I say this， little how many nines between1 and 100 in a set。It makes me interesting。

Non threatening。 I'm not after her。 I'm not trying to hit on the girl。

 I'm not making any reference to her beauty。 I'm not trying to。You know， brag， it's just interesting。

You say one interesting thing， they'll say， wow， that's interesting。But you say 10 in a row。

And she'll say。You're interesting。It's no longer the material that could see claim。

But the man himself。It's a nice way of getting a woman interested in you enough to want to get to know you。

 she'll start asking you questions like what's your name？Now we're on our way。

Do not take a sandwich to a banquet。 Thisgu is not thinking straight。 You know。

 it's like taking a girl to the scene of the crime。 If you pick a girl up at a club。

 do not take her to another club on a day， too unless you're just pivoting her。Okay， a pivot is。

 you know， a pawn is a girl that you use that night to build some social proof and you can ponder off。

 hands off， hands off in order to get a hotter girl。

But a pivot is where you where you meet a girl at one night。

 and she assists you in attracting other women the next night。 So if like we met girls yesterday。

 got numbers and invited them out tonight， they would be pivots。See。

 the problem with the pivot is you're not going to generally lay your pivot。

Because bringing them out to a public scene again and having her watch you interact with people is counterproductive to getting hurt。

But it really rips open sets so that's something that you're going to want to work on。

Basic group theory as you approach a three set。 Advance group theory is you approach a set and you merge forward and backwards。

 You should be doing that by day 3。 It's normal。 Okay， it's not like， well， we go to start at basic。

 Yes， start at basic， start to open sets。 But as soon as a set opens。

 don't just get good at opening sets。Get good at opening sets and merging。Once you get a lock in。

 you can start moving and you can move once， let me introduce it to some friends of mine。

Get them forward， merging， get them backwards merging。 Inuce them to other people。 All right。

 introduce them to the friends you came with， you know， and talk them up。 It's a part of the game。

 That's a part of your structure。 Okay， write it down into a part of your structure。

 Where are you going to do that。In NC1。I could be like eight minutes in， we're getting along great。

Let me introduce you it to some good friends of mine。 Come on here。 Come join me。

 That's what you get for now。 Come on。And you can walk around the room looking for your friends。

 You've got a girl in your own。 social proof in the whole room。 Then at the end of that， you can say。

 I can't find them。Why because you came alone， but she doesn't know that。

So you went for a little walk to look for your friends。 My friends are in here somewhere。

 and I can't find them。You know， a call， No worries， I'm with you right now。 take good care of me。

And everything's fine。Has anyone ever heard the expression， the map is not the territory？

NLP expression。Comes from N LP。 Basically， the idea is that everyone operates based on their own map of reality。

 So as I'm interacting with you right now， I have visual data coming through my eyes。

 audio dating into my ears， etc cetera。And it's creating this sort of ongoing experience of reality。

And not only that， but my map is also composed of my belief system， my memories， you know。

 my experiences that I've had in the past。And it all goes to create my perception of what I think reality really is。

 And that's what I act on。 I don't act on a reality as it objectively exists。

 I act upon my map of reality， as I believe， as I perceive that， it exists。

And different people have different maps。The map is not the territory。

 So when you have two people come together and interact。

This is really two different maps sort of colliding and interacting。 they may have a lot in common。

 They may not。 They may have certain things in common。And there's a rule of thumb that says that。

The stronger frame absorbs the weaker one。What's important here isn't whether any of those belief systems are true or false。

Because they're all different。 What's important is that。

You have this situation where someone with a weak sense of reality is with someone who has a strong sense of reality and he gets absorbed into that。

 gets pulled into that。The person had a stronger frame。So whenever two people are interacting。

There are always these frame control games going on socially。

People are always trying to sort of test your frame a little。 They're trying to take over your frame。

 or they're just having a really strong frame and sucking people into it。

This is really important for social interactions。嗯。

Girls will definitely test you for your strength of your frame。

And they will not end up with a guy who has a wheat frame unless they're ready to get married and they want someone they can control。

They want someone they can control， and they'll look for whatever they want to look for。

 but when you're just talking about pure， raw sexual attraction。

Women are attracted to men who have a stronger friend than they do， and they will test you。

So have you ever had a situation where a woman asked you to do something and you did it。

 and that she wasn't interested in you after after that。

She was testing your frame to see to see if she could to see if she could tool you。 you know， oh。

 I'll be right back。 Can you wash my purse。 We have to go to the bathroom。 Wait right here。

 I'm thirsty。 Can you buy me a drink。It's not。 And a lot of times。

 the guy gets suckered into it because he's trying to be nice。 He's like， oh， well， you know。

 she's thirty。 I'll buy a drink。 You know， I want to show her that I'm a nice guy。

 that I'll take care of her。 that I'll be cool that I'm， you know。😊，Hey。

 wouldn't it be amazing if instead of getting her number。You can see her again。

It's what we call a time bridge。That's the other type， or TV。It's the other type of jump。

A time bridge。Is a phase。Similar to getting a phone number， only， let's say this is your timeline。

 I'm with her， I'm with her I'm with her all the way to S， okay。Let's say I meet her。 I'm with her。

 I'm with her。 I'm with her。 I'm with her， but guess what， I can't be with her anymore because she's。

 you know， it's late。 She's got to go home。And she's not going to come home with you tonight。

 she's with her friends。Technical challenge。 What I have to do is I have to bridge the river of time that's separating us so I can get back on to seeing her and continue on。

Notice that this time bridge has two sides to it。 I'm bridging time。To see her again。

And I can continue being with her。 If you get a phone number， I'll call you sometime。

 That's a stairway to heaven。 There's no other side to it。

 You're hoping that you'll be able to convince her on the phone to see you again。

You do not want to do these type of things on the phone。All right。When you're with her。

 you solidify the other side of the timebri。But numbers are nothing。 You know。

 they really are nothing。 They would。You have to actually see them again。

For it to be a proper time bridge， otherwise it's just a stairway of heaven， it's a wishful thinking。

 it's a hope。You know， don't get too hyped up on these things because you're going to get some flaking noticing in a place like Vegas。

 it's so transient。It's challenging to see them again Tru is， I mean。

 you want to push for the bounce way more than a time bridge。And in all these sets。

 I could have bounced。 I really feel strongly that I could have bounced， you know， and all， you。

 I mean， where do you bounce， you bounce to a lounge， You bounce to， hey。

 let's smoke a hookah back at the hotel， you know。You can say I've got some you know what's your poison。

 I got some of the， you know， we'll pick some up and head back to the hotel， let's go for jacuzzi。

Tonss of different things that you can do here， you know。Just bouncing anywhere， I'm hungry。

Come with me， we'll just go for 10 minutes， I'm going to grab a bite， we' come back。

You never have to come back。The neat thing about balances is that what you say you do and what you actually do can be two totally different things。

I'll give you a quick example in Toronto， what I would do is。啊。In order to get a girl。To my house。

I would invite her over to a place called the Green room。 I would say， have you ever。

 have you ever had。What was this。Hot apple cider you ever had a hot apple cider I absolutely love hot apple cider and there's this one particular place right behind the Po Alex Theater it's called the Green room。

 it's the green room of the poor Alex Theater and it's kind of hard to get to but they serve hot apple cider and you know in Toronto in the wintertime it's justs so cozy in there and it's got this student vibe to it somehow and it's very eclectic and I like it it's really nearby where I live so we're going there。

And。It's hard to get to， so just buzz me down like I mean easy easy to get to， go to the front door。

 buzz me down， I'll come down from my apartment and we'll go together。Well， when they get there。

 they buzz。Buzz me， I'm like shit， I'm on the phone， apartment two， and I buzz her in。So， she's like。

Okay。Let's go upstairs。You know， she comes upstairs， knocks in the door。

 opens the door and I'm you know with my shirt off saying I'm sorry I'm late。

 I'll be with you unis sec。 Yeah and I'm talking to a on the phone with nobody。 Yeah， hold on。 Okay。

 talk to you later bye， click， Yeah， let me just get ready quick here and I walk into my bedroom with the blinds open the windows open so she could hear the street。

Comfort building right now。 Okay， you know， if she came in and there's music play and there candles and incense。

 not good because that's all seduction setup up， right， That's a seduction scenario。

 and I don't want。I want her to assist in building the seduction scenario and we'll get to seduction tomorrow。

I'll sit her down on the bed， put her put my laptop in front of her。

 just you know right beside the bed and say here watch this little video clip and it's a little 10 minute home movie that I made and I have five of them now called What the F So what the fuck episode I've got five of them and I've got like three more to be almost completed and they're half edited Right now。

 I just haven't had time to finish。So I want to make an online little website thing just for my whole movies and so I put one on as I finish up getting ready and now depending。

 I'll come and sit beside her and watch her with her。

 I'll scratch her back if she feels uncomfortable I'll say， I'll say to her after the show's done。

 I'll say， okay， I'm hungry， come on， let's go。And we'll leave。

 but if I feel like we don't have to leave。If it's already further along。

 I'm scratching her back and I go scratch my back and she does。She's scratching my back now。 God。

 baby， this is so good。 I love this。 and we're watching， I'll put on that second one。

I' put on the third one， I'll put on some fucking Chris Rock。 We'll hang out。In my bedroom。

 take her shoes off。 She does， good。Otherwise， I'll be like。

 keep your shoes on we're taking off soon。All based on her comfort levels， right。

 How do I know where her comfort levels lie， Keeno escalation Every time I do an escalation。

I'm testing to see if she's accepting it。Have you ever seen the Hollywood sign？Well。

 now that's what we're doing on Thursday。 I'm I' heading up there with friends to see the Hollywood sign here coming up with me。

 Now， I did do this before I came out。 I just want to bring my friends with with me this time and show them。

It takes like 40 minutes。 You got to like climb over a fence and go up。

 and there will be a perimeter warning sign or a arranger automated response saying， turn back now。

 the Rr has been cited。 Like， I mean， it's， it's crazy。 But what are you gonna do。

 You're 10 minutes from the fucking sign。 You just walk 30 minutes up the hill。 You know。

 you're gonna turn back now。 please， It's not like I've got， you know， pink cans on me。

 I'm not gonna turn it into holy weird。 You know， Holly mystery。

So I went up there and what's amazing up there is。You get a glimpse of Hollywood， all in one Eiffel。

And。It makes you。Look at what you have to do here in Hollywood a whole new way。 You know。

 if let's say you're an actress and you， you want to be famous。

 everyone that you respect in Hollywood， you can see。Everyone that you have to win over and seduce。

Every。Studio， every movie that's going to be made with you in it。Happens here。

And until you're up there and you rub that sign for good luck and you look down and you see what I have before me and the puzzle that I have to solve。

Until you see that， you won't get it。So I'm going up on Thursday and you're coming with me。 Now。

 that's a nice way of time bridging。The secret toquinno escalation is not making the move forward。

 It's in taking away a move。 And that's something that you had to learn Yes。

 you just made the next move， the next move， the next move， what ended up happening。 But first off。

 like you know， I congratulated the guy for going in。😊。

You while we were all sitting back watching him， he's in a fucking two set。

 and he entertained them for close to 10 fucking minutes。You know， it was all maneuvering， though。

 and what should have happened for next time is you go in。

 you make your move and you do your body body takeaways and stuff， you can push them and go， oh。

 you're such a little shit。You basically played a 3 game for way too long。

 You did8 minutes of a sorry， A2 game。 You played a2 way too long。

 You were doing all attraction stuff。 nag， nag， nag， nag， talk， talk， talk， nag， nag， nag。

 trying to keyeno escalation。 It always just got all mumbleled。 Yeah， jumbled， mumbled and jumbled。

What should have happened is you should have just piqued your interest enough and then leaned the fuck back。

And when so， who are you？What makes you special？Though that that's a bait for an A3 bait。

 What makes you special。 Well， I'm this man。 You're like， no way。Really， I never knew that about you。

 Wow， that's incredible。 Your first impression sucked。 now that I get to know you， you're incredible。

 So notice that all these little one liners that I say， all these routines。

 they all fit somewhere in one of nine phases。😊，It's so different for us because our emotional circuitry is hardwired。

 know， for health attributes， physicality， for a woman。

Her attraction circuitry is more honed towards social hierarchy。You know， for good reason。

 because a man could be fat， but could give her a baby a much better chance of survival。

The health indicators are not nearly as important。As is his his social status。 So if a woman。

Meets a guy who is already preselect by other other women。She can save all the time necessary。

To get to know that person to find out if he's the type of person who is worthy of her， right？

Evolution has I mean， we've actually， through natural selection， we have evolved。

Or women in particular have evolved emotional circuitry， attraction circuitry。That will。

Allow her to not have to spend so much time getting to know you。

If you have girls on your arms already。So simple。And in the mystery method。

 we're going to exploit that。That particular attraction switch。So， hoop theory。

This is something that Mr。 came up with and posted。

So this is a metaphor for frame games that happen socially。I might be talking to a person。

 and she puts up a little hoop， metaphorically speaking。

Because she wants to see if she'd get me to jump into it。It's like a test。So what do I do？

Do I jump into the hoop。No。Because if I'm constantly jumping into her hoops， then she wins。

 she has control of the frame。But and here's a principle。

It's okay to jump into her hoop if you make her jump into your first。Okay。

 so here's an example of that。 A couple nights ago， I was out in a venue running game。

 and I was running a two set。And this girl said something like， what she say， Oh， you know what。

 I did an impression。 I did an impression of something。 that was funny。 and she laughed。 So she says。

 do it again。 Do it again。😊，Okay， that's a hoop。 She's trying to get me to do something。Okay。

 so if I just did it again， then I've sort of become her little tool， I've become her puppy dog。

So instead I put out a little hoop first， got her to jump into it， and then I did it again。

 now it's okay。So what I did was I said， go like this。 She went like this。 I said。

 now do a little spin。 I made it do a little spin。 She giggled。 and then I did the impression again。

 and she gogled again。Okay， it's okay to jump in her hoop if you make her jump into a hoop first。

As a general rule， outside of that example， outside of that specific case。

 you do not want to be jumping around in other people's hoops。Okay， here's another example。Girl says。

 how old are you？Now， I could say130， which I am， or I could say 28， which is what mystery would say。

And and I've sort of jumped into her hoop。 Now， it's not really a big hoop。

 It's not like I've just become her little tool。 she's got a dog collar on me。 She's how old do you。

 mom 30。It's pretty socially reasonable just to answer the question， and you could if you wanted to。

But since I'm a player， I'm gonna to say guess。And she， now let's say she's not willing to guess。

Let's say she's like， I don't know whatever。Weo。I'm not going to play that game。But if I say guess。

 and she says。26。I say no， actually I'm 30。Okay。So I say， guess， that's a hoop， she jumps into it。

Cool， she jumped into my hoop， now I'll jump into hers， I'll say okay， I'm 30。Or lie。

 I'm 28 or whatever。I would prefer 30， actually， because girls seem to find older men more attractive。

The older， the older I tell them that I am， the more they want to hang out with me。

 it seems like it's kind of funny。So let's say that I asked her。How old are you。And she said。Gs。Now。

 now she sort of put it back on me， right？So now what I would say is I'd say， well。

 you want me to guess high or guess low。She says， guess low。 And I say， okay， you're 23。 She says。

 no， actually， I'm 25。Okay。I'm just giving you an example。

This's an example of frame games going on back and forth。 Okay， now she says。

 if I say hell and she says yes， I might just say， okay， you're 25。But understand what I just did。

 I just jumped into her hoop without making her jump into one。So she says， guess， I'm going to say。

 will you want me to guess high or guess low。She says， guess love，23， no， actually I'm 25， cool。Okay。

 that's an example of where I always made her jump into a hoop before I jumped into hers。

When you ask。嗯。Basically， what's happening there is。She is not attracted to me。

Enough to jump into my hoops。If a girl has attracted you， she will jump into your hoops。

Now she's not attracted to you。 she won't jump in your hoops。

And so what that's done is that's communicated to me that she's not attracted to me。

Or at least not enough to even jump into a little tiny hoop like guess， which is nothing Harley。

 So basically， what that tells me is I'm still an A2。Keep running A2 material， I'm not an A3 yet。

Okay。嗯。In A2， a lot of the frame control that you do in A2 is just not being tooled by other people。

You know， Amog comes up and tries to tool you and you're unaffected cool man， whatever。 So anyway。

 last week， my friends and I were blah， blah， blah。 See how he comes in and tries to frame on me。

 And I'm like， just unaffected。 And I brush him aside。That generates a lot of attraction。

 It's very attractive to women to see a guy win this sort of frame game。

So it's almost just offensive。 It's not being told by other people， but an A3。You are actively。

Trying to hoop on other people。 You're trying to pull them into your， into your frame。

 So it's more often。