# 13、谜男《谜男教学视频》：谜男教学视频 5【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

S 2。Is LMR or last minute resistance。I know't want to get to that。Now， there you have her。

Back at your house。 and you want to change from the from the comfort or C 3 location to the S location。

 All right， you want to move her。Well， I've got one better instead of moving her if you if the living room of your place is a place that you can enjoy yourself with with her。

Why not allow the power of ritual？To work to your advantage， here's how。Firstly。

She most likely has had a boyfriend before。She's had sex before， odds are。If she's had a boyfriend。

 she will have， at some point gotten into the。Pattern of it It's normal。 sexex is normal。So。

What is the normal。Sequence of events for sex。 Well， there's candles， there's incense， there's music。

 all the stereotypical things， right。Let's use this to her advantage。

 so when she comes into the place， it's all normal， lights her on and candles are off and senses off。

 music is off， and all you have to do is ask her to assist you in changing the environment into the seduction scenario。

For instance， you can say， can you light those candles， I'm going to find some incense？

So she's lighting the candles。 School， no biggie， right。

And you find the incense and you say to her here， why don't you pick some music。

 Pick it from the top shelf。 I want something slow。And I'm gonna， you know， like this incense。

I'm going to go or you could not even like the instance just get some wine。

All the stereotypical things， you know， that lead to seduction。 It's stereotypical seduction。

 but you're not talking about seduction。 You know， you could have been kissing。

 You're kissing or kissing her， and then you stop and you go， baby， we better slow this down。

 I'm gonna turn on the music。 Can you light those candles。And。You can see what's going on here。

 She's going to create。 She is basically cleaning her own butcher block。 as that for a bad metaphor。

She is preparing the seduction scenario with you。And because she's done this before with other guys。

 stereotypical， if she feels uncomfortable， she's not going to want to do this。Okay。

 but she's by doing it， it makes her even feel even more comfortable because she's done this before。

So now the candles are lit， instances lit， you say， why don't you go wash up。

 but I'm going to you know， get the wine。Next thing you know， she's going to the washroom。

Door closes。 She's inside going。What am I watching？And how do I know what she's washing。

 because I know what my soap tastes like。So it's an assume the cell tactic， you know。

 next thing you know， she's come coming out and I say， you know， can you you know close the blinds？

Close the blinds for me， I'm going to go watch up。This wash up thing happens when you have a girlfriend。

When you go wash up。 and it's also a very polite thing to do is just so， you know。

 So instead of there you are trying to arouse her， trying to arouse her and using arousal as your only way of defeating last minute resistance。

Don't use arousal as the only means。 Sure it is one means that you can do。 You know。

 she's a fucking aroused， but it isn't the arousal that is gonna to get you through last minute resistance。

 It is you're taking away where she feels like she's being left out of things。 It's a freeze out。

 The same type of， of takeaway that you keep doing。With keto escalation。

I think you understand that part。 This is just another knoesscalation tactic that goes off into sex。

 If you act like sex is normal， it'll be normal， It'll be as normal as biting her hair or kissing her in the club or pulling her hair。

It's just a glow jump。 Make it seem normal as opposed to this is special。 This is special。

 And if she says it's special， just go， babe， it's special because we're special to each other。

You know， I don't want some strange guy scratching my back， but it isn't the scratching of the back。

 that's special。It's who's scratching the back。 It isn't a blow job。 That's special。

It's who is giving me the blow job。That's what's special here。

 It Does't matter what we do As long as we feel good about it。 It's no one's business。 What happens。

 you know。Behind our closed door。So， that's。Basically， what you're trying to convey。

 So now the seduction scenario has been set thanks to her。Helping it really builds momentum。Okay。

Put that into your game plan。The next time you have a girl over to your house。Okay。

It works really well。 Now let's deal with the five pieces of last minute resistance。

 Last minute resistance is hardwired into the attraction sorry。

 into the emotional mechanism of all women。 All right， I've come up with five ways of solving it。

By the way， I started with one。 It was like， I had my one way of solving it。

There are now five ways of solving it。But before I get to these five ways。

 I want to explain exactly what it is。Remember how confused you were at the concept of having an overwhelming desire to approach a woman and then an overwhelming desire to not approach her。

There comes this specific point different for most people， for me。

 if a hot woman comes into the room。I get nervous。Why。

 because I've already conditioned myself to approach any girl who's hot， who goes into a room。

For a lot of guys， a girl who comes into the room doesn't make you nervous。

 it just makes you excited。She just a fucking hot girl， right， Like， for instance。

 when the girl was dancing on at the front there， I was nervous because I couldn't approach her。

So I was just aroused， I just went" she is hot。But it isn't until that point where you say， okay。

 I'm going to approach， that your body then goes， are you seriously going to approach？

Adrenalline race， fuck， right？That switch。Is hardwired into us。

The fear of the approach happens right after。The desire to approach。That's hardwired。

 We're not crazy。 It's just one circuit triggers， and then another one triggers。

Women have triggering as well。 Last minute resistance will happen with every single woman you're with。

Here's what happens。 She has an overwhelming desire to be with you。Comfort is built。

 She's kissing you。 She's aroused。 It all feels good。

 Her brain is rewarding her for good behavior of getting close to a guy。 If she didn't have it。

 then she stayed home all alone。 Be very happy being a virgin， and her genes would die out。😊。

So evolutionly， so evolution is designed。You know， into humanity， into the later generations。

 the desire to be with men。Her brain is being wonderfully rewarded， just like yours is。

 she's being validated。You're kissing her， it feels good， back scratchting， nibbling， all this stuff。

 It feels great。Now， why is it that a woman is enjoying herself being with you？

 And then all of a sudden。It doesn't want to be with you anymore。She's afraid of something。Well。

 I interrogated， in particular， a girl named Jackie。 saw a little video clip。 The girl who did this。

 Those things。 Are they gone， by the way， pretty much。And。Yeah。

 I was thinking about that because man， there's nothing like a Hicy to really turn women on。

I't that crazy。It's counterintuitive， you'd think that they'd run away because you're taken。You say。

 what are you。Are you jealous？I interrogated Jackie after I remember I was in bed with her and I。

 and I hit that point where we were making out and I'm going for the bra， and the bra comes off。

 and I'm sucking on her breasts。 And then I go for the panties。 And I'm getting Llamar。 She's like。

 no， right？ And I just think to myself。Here I am again， LMR。This happens every single woman。

 You'll get this point where they're hesitant， not with your girlfriend， you know。

 just all comes off。 It's all good。But with， you get LMR with a new girl every time she wants to be with you。

 wants to wants to want to。So I thought about that for a second。 And I thought， wow。

 this is really fascinating。 I'， I'm really， really fascinated by last minute resistance。

 The fact that it is just as real。😊，As is men's approach anxiety， you see。

 women generally don't have approach anxiety。 They can't understand it。

 Why would it be scary for a man to walk up and talk to us is what they think。

They just don't get it in the same way because we don't have approach anxiety hardred sorry。

 we don't have last minute resistance hardwired into us。We don't really understand it。

So the best way I can give it to you is the way that after a long interrogation with Jackie over several conversations。

You know，The next day or two days later， actually， I talked to her about it。 I said， look。

 you had last minute resistance now， now you don't。 What happened， What did you feel。

 And we talked for about 20 minutes。And then I talked to her， a few weeks later。

Over the phone for another like half hour about it， we discovered what it feels like。Okay。

 I was trying to find a metaphor that we can all deal with。 Okay。

 here's what last minute resistance feels like。Have you ever had $10，000 on red playing Roulette？

Can imagine what that would be like。You have 10 grand。On red。Girls don't want to feel this。

It doesn't feel like， well， the trigger is about as abrupt as is approach anxiety。

 but it doesn't have adrenaline。 We get instant fight or flight adrenaline。

A woman in last minute resistance doesn't get fight or flight adrenaline。

What she does get is real anxious。And a fear of， is this。Going to work。Here's what the worry is。

 evolutionarily speaking。A woman 40000 years ago， If she has sex with a man who is lying to her and only fucks her once and then leaves。

She may get pregnant。And if she's pregnant。She's going to have to take care of a baby that she cannot feed。

Not only will her baby die， but so will she。More importantly or just as much fear。Back 40。

000 years ago。If I see a girl that I want and she's got a kid。I can just grab the kid， kill it。

 and take the fucking woman and give her my baby。Because this is my world。My hundred。

These are my 100 people。And I've got my buddies who will help， you know。

 kill off anybody else who's going fuck with me。And that's the world that we lived in。

 your ancestors live this way， your circuitry is designed for that world。

And there are millions of people in jail right now。

Because they responded to their emotions in this way。 And now we've got so many more people。

 We've got new rules that are， you know， locking people up into jail for， for you know。

 what nature designed into them。So a woman has a fear， hardwired fear。

She's being rewarded for being with you， but then the minute it goes to， oh my God， this can be sex。

And for some girls， it's getting to the boobs。 For some girls， it's getting to the pans。You know。

 some girls are like， hey， as long as the peny stay on， I can have fun。

 and I don't feel that weird feeling。For some girls， it's you， just being， you know。

 just grabbing her boobs， is like， okay， that's getting sexual now。And that's cultural some girls。

 it's going to be at a different point， just like for you。

 you may not get nervous about approaching a girl when you see ahawk girl come and you' go。

 that's hot， not until you decide to go up。For me， when I see a hawk girl。

 I get nervous because I know I'm going in。 I've done it enough times to know I respond that way。

 It's just my rule。 So I'll feel it a little sooner。So it's a little， you know， different place。

 but you understand the reasoning for it， right， if she has sex with you and you don't stick around。

She。Is going to compromise her。Her replication success。Statistically。You know。

 her kids may not survive， really。And no one else is going to take care of her when she has kids。

She needs to know that your brain has been hijacked。And is pairbona to her。

Before she'll have sex with you。The first one， these are the five ways of getting past it。

 It's not about manipulation， by the way。 Okay， I'm not trying to manipulate。

 I don't try to manipulate past her LMR so I can fuck her and leave。😡，Okay。

 I've decided if I'm going to have sex with with a girl once， I'm going to do it many times。

So I am going to stick around。 All I have to do is prove to her I'm going to stick around。

Here's the first way of proving to her that you're going to stick around。

 thereby reducing or eliminating last minute resistance。 So this is the the key element。

 The only thing that a woman needs to feel is that you will stick around。After sex。

A woman will have a great deal of risk， a feeling of risk and skepticism。 What if he's lying。

 What if he's lying， what if he's not going to stick around， what if he's going to change。

 what if his personality is going to change。You know， and he was lying the whole time。

 He's going fuck me and he's going to change， and he's going to just get cold and walk away。

Because a lot of guys would do that。Right， why， because we are designed to choose one woman。

Have sex with her， help raise the babies， pair bond， and then also stray， stray， stray。

 and not pair bond with others because it increases our statistical probabilities of having viable offspring。

We take care of this one， stray， go to here， come back， we do that a few times。

 we're designed that way。That know， all of us。Then。Four years later， pair bonding turns off。

Because the kids are now old enough to be reared by their peer group。You know。

 they're three years old by then。And we then pair bond to the next girl。Now， in the olden days。

 what design our emotional circuitry is designed for。

 that means only two or three families before we died， because now it's 28，000 days when we die back。

 then it was half that。There was only enough time to have two or three families。And back then。

 many of these families died because， you know， it was kill or be killed。Back then。

 a lot of the death。That happened， there wasn't just disease， it was murder。

Now we have new rules and stuff。It's more。Archaic， you know。So。

Our emotional circuitry is designed all around this。Her emotional circuitry。

 her last minute resistance circuitry， is designed to counter lying men。

Who aren't going to stick around。 Now， this doesn't mean that every woman wants a man to stick around。

All it means is that she wants the option to be hers。Whether she's going to stick around。

She wants to feel emotionally speaking。 her emotional circuitry is designed to want you to feel emotionally attached to her so that you will not leave her after sex。

 you can't help be around her。 So the first step in proving to her that this is the case that you will stick around。

Is really simple。You've heard it before， seven hours。You stick to the seven hours game plan。

slowlow it down，7 hours。 She has some compelling evidence to support that you're willing to stick around。

Where you're saying to her， you know what， We better slow this down。

 You've been doing that several times。She could have turned you off at any one of eight to 12 different places。

That's basically what you were showing。So it leads all the way up to here。She can't say to you。

But I don't even know you。When hanging out，7 hours really feels like a long time， by the way。

 especially when you have multiple venues。Seven hours could take a week。Of accumulation。

 usually two to three days。 I'm usually having sex with a girl。

 either on day  two or due to additional， you know。

 she comes to the day  two with friend so I can't do her then because she。

 there was too much discomfort。Right in the time Bridge itself。

 because I didn't build enough comfort when I first met her。So I have her on a third day。

It usually happen on third day， the second or third day， sometimes in the first。

Very rarely on the fourth of the fifth， it actually kind of goes Peter's down at that point because。

 you know， by that time， I have other girls that will have filled the slot。P in the pun。

What happens when the woman says，" oh， baby， we should stop？You know，2 say。

I know we shouldn't be doing this。 We should stop。 and you keep going。You live。She didn't say stop。

 She said， we should stop。That's how I got a neat， six foot tall model， beautiful girl。You know。

 we were in the， you know， she was 19 at the time， and we were in her parents' basement。

 and she said， baby， we shouldn't do this。 My parents are upstairs。

 they could come down at any minute。Now， most men would handle this logically。

 I've lost tons of girls at this point， okay， learn from me， learn from my pain。嗯。

NoMost guys would go， babe， it's two in the morning。

 Your parents are not coming down into the basement。 I don't even think they know we're here。Yeah。

 but they could。 They could come down at any minute。 We should stop。Don't fight it logically。

 All you have to do is say， oh my God， I know。If they were to catch us。

I think your dad would kill me。We definitely shouldn't be doing this， especially here。

 we should stop。And then keep going。Baby。We shouldn't do this。 We should stop。

 you know what else we shouldn't be doing。Stick your tongue out， Just stick it out， oh my God。

 I shouldn't be doing this either。You know what else shouldn't be doing。

 certainly shouldn't be lick your hand。Put it in her pants。 I shouldn't be fingering you。 should I。

 I'm fingering you， ba。 I shouldn't be doing this， Should I， You shouldn't be letting me。

 You are so naughty。We should stop。That is enough oftentimes， to get past it。

This is what we call token resistance， okay， where her last minute resistance has been triggered。

But you've built enough7 hours， you know， enough comfort where last minute resistance will just be token。

 Usually token resistance refers to her social programming。Not her feeling。

 She wants to have sex with you， but it's like a woman will often say， I don't usually do this。

That mean， I don't usually do this。 Me， neither baby， I don't usually do this either。

 All you have to do is say， I know。But everything we're doing right now is so right。That's all。

We should stop。The next one。Is what we call a freeze out。Okay， now it's called a freeze out。

And you're going to be very familiar with it because you have done 8 to 12 of them。

Every time in kno escalation， when you make a move and then she feels a little uncomfortable。

 you turn off， become normal again， right？What you've done is a freeze out。Either you turn off。

 become normal and do normal comfort building material， or you turn off， be normal。 Don't be angry。

 Just be normal。And have nothing to say。Be boring。So freezes out at this point。

 Imagine being in bed with her。 She's aroused， okay， and。You know。

 you've done the we should stop thing， but she says， bebe， we shouldn't do this。 Okay， let's stop。

Okay， we can't do this。All you have to do is say， I understand。It's up。Get up， blow the candlelo。

Did light back on。Walk over to the computer。 Check your email。You know。Doesn't she feel pissed。

 Have you ever had that， ever been in bed with a girl， and she stops。And you try to keep going。

What she's saying is when you know that she wants to stop is she doesn't want to have sex。

 she doesn't want to deal with the last minute resistance issue。

 but she certainly still is enjoying making out with you。 her body。

 her brain is rewarding her still for being with a man。

 She just has the last minute resistance fears， right which is triggered。

 Every woman has it triggered， Don't take it personally。

So the way you deal with this is you simply say， bay。Everything's fine， No worries。 Get up。

Check email， do something normal， turn the TV on。Just， let's just hang out。 It's all good。

What a great little piece to do。You'll actually be be doing it three times because the first she has to feel in bed。

 Okay， When does it happen， you're going for the boobs， Okay， or you're going for the bra。

 and she grabs your hands away。 Most guys are like， okay， roer some more。 Go for the bra。 Okay， no。

 okay， go for the boobs in the front。 No， go for the bed and you become man hands。

 and she keep going no， no， and you're in the car。 You can even be doing this in the car in the car。

 baby。 yes， but， you know， this is so right。 No， no， don't be that guy。The minute she says no。

No means no。And she's going to suffer for it。Okay， not by punching her， not by getting angry at her。

 just by going， I understand。That's the answer when know for doing these freezess。

 when she says stop or she says no， you just say， I understand。No worries。Very matter of fact。

 and as if she turned off your sex drive。Then you walk over to the TV， turn it on。

 and you watch infant brain surgery on the learning channel。And you say， oh。

 have you seen this episode， Oh my God， babe， this is ridiculous。

 They're actually going to cut open this little kid's brain。 I love this one。😊，Back to normal talk。

 in other words， here she is lying in bed aroused。She just didn't want to deal with lessment resistance。

 It was you know， this 1000 red。 I don't want to deal with that。Right。And。

And so you freeze out and youre being cold again。 not cold to her， you can talk normal。 Hey。

 when I have a game of chess， I used to bring this portable chess board with me。 sorry， chess board。

 And and it was a part of my prop bag。 And it became a tool that I used for over 30 times for last minute resistance。

 where's say。 let's play。Look， if you don't want to have sex， I absolutely understand。

Let's just hang out，ll play yeses， your move。Can I check the fridge？And I walk to the kitchen。

three minutes gone。So the first frio can be like 3 to 5 minutes。 Okay， then you come back。

 She spooked by this。 She's like， what's wrong， You're like， nothing。 It's all good。Then of course。

 you can touch your leg。And you start going back into it。And you say。

 take your top off because the tops you wouldn't take off before you just say， take your top off。

The top comes up finally。You start going for the bra and mean， you make out with her some more。

 Then you pause。 I love doing this。 You make out with her， and then you get up， stop it。

 She she's like， what's wrong， Hes say，'s getting the light。真的啊。Like the candle。In other words。

 take the time because it builds anticipation。 I learned this from a girl。 I remember a girl。

 She was damn。 She was gorgeous in Kiev。She got up and went to the washroom。

 and she was like five minutes， and I was like。You know， and she came back in a 90。 And I was like。

My god。And that anticipation worked for me。You know， that's what we want to use to advantage。 Okay。

 in your game plan， It's a specific game plan。 This is not an overlying principle。 It's no。

 this is your game plan。 A freeze out game plan。 Okay， if the7 hours doesn't work and you get no LMR。

 which happens sometimes some girls， I get no last minute resistance。Because it's been seven hours。

 it's so natural， your kno escalation is so progressive。And the slope is so， natural。

 it's not too fast。 It's a natural slope as you increase kenot the entire way all the way to having sex。

You know， you're making out with her。 next thing， you know， you take your dick out。

 put her hand on it。 She starts stroking it。 It's all good。 and you said， go down on me and she does。

Beautiful， and everything's fine， Sometimes you get LMR。We should stop。Is how it usually starts。

 If not， you get your freeze outs， freeze outs。 But bad news for us is it takes a good 15 minutes to get through it。

All right， you're going to do it three times that first time you then come back。

 you're making out with her again。Tell her， take off her top。

 the one thing that she stopped at is the one thing you're going to tell her to get past for you。

You're not going to play the game of trying to do it yourself again， you're going to be like。

 let's say you can't get the bra off。And she's saying no to that， I understand。

You leave for a couple minutes， be normal， come back。Then you start up again。

 you're kissing her and stuff， and then you back up， you look at her and you say， take your top off。

Take your breath。Because I don't want to play it， I don't want that same problem。If she says no。

 you say， I understand。And you get up， blow out the candle， turn on the light。And this time。

 the freeze out is 10 minutes。And you go， you watch TV。I was trying to get her broth off。Okay。

 I'm going for the back and she takes my hands and puts them down。 I said， I understand。And I got up。

 blew up the candle， turned on the light。 She said， what's wrong。 I said， nothing。 I understand。

 It's so good。Come on， let's watch TV。I've tried being py。Babe。嗯。

Put your hand up if you ever tried being poty at that point。Yeah， be honest， man。 you have do。

 It doesn't work。 You know， try， have you tried anger。Holy shit， Jesus Christ woman， fuck。

 I'm here already。I've done that， anyone。Youve done it， tried it， doesn't work。Have you tried the？

And if you tried the make out with her， make out with her， make out with her， try to arouse her。

 and she says no。 And so you try to arouse her some more。 she says， no。

 you think arousals the way in， it's not。Persistence could be the way in。

 but generally it's two hours and it's not。The way in。All right， the way in。It's free out。

If she says no or responds with a no， no means no。 I understand， do not be py， do not be angry。

Just be， I understand， no worries， almost like you want to say to her， you're not saying it。

 but you're conveying it。Whether we have sex or not。I。I'm hijacked。 My brain's been hijacked。

 I'm here anyway。If we don't have sex tonight， that's fine。

 I'm still going to come over tomorrow and， you know， help cook dinner。

I'm still a part of the family。That's basically what you want to convey。

 that's how you get rid of LMR。I got up and for a few minutes I went watch some TV。And she's like。

 what's wrong， I'm like， ba， if you don't want to understand the problem。 See for her。

 it's a freezer。 It's horrible because she was enjoying herself。

 her brain was giving her positive you know， giving her happiness for aligning to a man with high value。

😊，And then I took away， guesss what， I could be turned off。You know what， when a girl says no。You。

It could be just me， that's turn enough。I'm not mad。's just not turned on。

You know how to turn a guy off real fast。 All you have to do is say no。It no means no， I understand。

 No worries。 Maybe we'll do this another time， maybe not。You know， you just want to be friends。

 This is not what you're going to say， but it's what you're conveying if you just want to be friends。

That's fine， no matter what， you're cared for by me。

But I may be telling you stories about my girlfriend。One day。You know， I'm a sexual being。

 I'm not going to apologize for it。 I'm not perverted and horning， you know， necessarily。

 but I'm a sexual being。You don't want to have sex。 fine， no worries。I mean， that conveys it all。

 Now， of course， it's going to be tough because we will have。

 hormones already coursing through our vein。And。And。And it's a tough thing for us to just act like。

 no biggie。Inside we like talk。But outside， no big。Let's go。The freeze out will hurt。

She will feel uncomfortable， but this is politically correct。 It will feel uncomfortable for her。

 though。 She wants to go back and make out， but make leads to sex。 So we might as well not do that。

 That's what you want to convey。We pair bond， our emotional circuitry is designed to pair bond。

To women， a lot like。Like a chick imprints to its mother。Love isn't being with someone。

 love is being away from them and needing to see them again。And it grows stronger and stronger。

 you don't see them in three days， when you do finally see them again。

 you will actually sperm three times more。Our body is designed for this because she could have had sex during that time。

 and much of my sperm is designed for coagulant in order to defeat other sperm that may already be inside her vagina。

Now， my sperm would not have been designed this way if it weren't for the fact that women cheat。

 And this is one of our additional tactics for for resolving that potential conflict。

Evolutionarily speaking， fascinating， You want to learn more about that。

 Go to read a book called Spermmores。Really fascinating science book。嗯。Anyway。

 the idea here is quite simple， and this really is what all these are about。You hi， you say to her。

 babe， there is absolutely no hurry we don't have to have sex today。You hijacked my brain。 you know。

 I'm going to be here no matter what。I can't help it。 I don't know why。I feel this way。

I have no clue。You know， I wasn't given an instruction book on how to be human。

 All I know is that when you leave a room， I wonder， where are you？You know。

 I know we just met yesterday， but the weirdest thing is。

That's really what we're heading to we met yesterday。And yet， the weirdest thing is all day today。

 I couldn't stop thinking about you。What the fuck did you do to my head？

AndThen I'll go off into the travel bag piece。You've hijacked my brain。I'm sticking around。

That's really。The way of。Getting past last minute resistance， what you're saying here is。

She's put $10000 on red。 That's the feeling。 And， and it's， is it gonna to land on red。

 Is he going stick around tomorrow。Right。Just she wants to know he's sticking around tomorrow。

 So by saying that， and you know when I say this？I say this an hour and a half in。

I don't say it right at the end of for last minute resistance。

 I'm preparing for last minute resistance by going， oh my God， baby， I can't stop thinking about you。

 It's ridiculous。 What the hell did you do to my brain that way。

 when 7 hours are up and I have her in my bed the time I get there。

 she already has no last minute resistance because she doesn't have that feeling。

 She knows it's gonna land on red。Whether she wanted to land on red， that's her call。

But she knows that， for some reason。Inexplicably to the man。His brain has been hijacked。

The freeze out， the whole purpose of this is to say， look， I'm not leaving。 It's okay。

 You don't want to have sex。 Absolutely fine。I'll be in the other the room， but I'm not leaving。

You know， I'll even call her out。 babe， what are you doing， Come out， Let's watch the movie。

And then you can do arousal up in the living room then again。And once it gets hot and horny。

 take her by the hand， turn the movie off， put her back into the room， light the candle。

 put off the light。All this ritualistic manner stuff that way， that when you do the freeze out。

 candle out， light on。TV on。You do that three times。Girl doesn't want to feel that anymore。

But you're sticking around。If I check my brain， let's just hang out then。

It has nothing to do with sex anymore。 You've hijacked my brain， I'm hanging out with you。

We should stop your green。Right，7 hours is proof that you hijack my brain。

Why would I hang out with you for seven fucking hours？Without， with constantly saying， baby。

 let's slow this down。 Let's slow this down。 Not now， not now。

And then you're talking to her and being normal， who would invest all this talk out of time？

In a girl that you didn't want to actually。You know， that you didn't feel hijacked too。就是。Free。

 you avoid all peace。Yeah， Oh yeah。 Yeah。 Now， let a word on freeze out。

 She will not be frozen out if she has a friend in the other room that she goes to and starts talking to。

I learned that the hard way。嗯。So be careful about that for freezeouts， it's a note of warning。嗯。

What else。We have to worry about here。I mean， really。

 the main concept of all of this is you've hijacked my brain。 and it's all proof that you have。

She wants to know that your brain， that your emotional circuitry has triggered love。

 that's triggered pair bonding。And we can get pair bonded as you have。

 to people who you haven't had sex with yet。And women's emotional circuitry has evolved to know this。

And they want to feel that you are pair bondnneed through a series of pieces of evidence that allude to the fact。

Right。Like， for instance， when I would jump into the。You know。

 go from the pool to the whirlpool and back。Am chasing her？This chasing thing。

Is something we kind of want to do。In other words， you can't have her chase you all the time。

 you have to allow her to be chased by you a little bit too because it conveys this there's a delicate balance。

Between。Allowing her to chase you all the time and you sometimes doing the chasing。 Now。

 the good news is that's built into kenoesscalation。Because you are making a move。

 then you're taking it away， but then you're the one making the move again。Right。

 so you get continue keno escalation。You've hijacked my brain。I will begin the。

 you've hijacked my brain campaign。About 10 minutes in。 In fact， well， yesterday。

 I think I did it about 20 minutes in。On that girl。And here's the story。

 This is there's many stories for it。 But the main concept is you've hijacked my brain。

 It's a new concept is about maybe five months old， and it's derived。 It it's within all this。

7 hours proves that your brain has been hijacked。 If you're gonna hang out with a girl that long and do kenoesscalation。

 but do it slowly and actually say， I'm not ready， I'm not ready to slow it down。

 demonstrate your willingness to walk away。 you know， and not have sex yet。

 slow down the kenoesscalation。I mean， that's pretty damn cool。

 That is compelling evidence to support that your brain has been hijacked。

 I am willing to hang out with you， you know？What else you could do。

 you can actually buy her a pomegranate， buy her something。You know。

 the idea of buying a girl a gift。嗯。You know， you're trying to buy her love。Buy or something。 Well。

 the reason why it's in cultural， it's a stereotype in culture is because it's based on something true 40。

000 years ago。You know， a man who gives a woman a gift。Really cares for her。You know。

 we're not just talking about， you know， I'm buying your love， but there's beyond that。

 if you have a， like my girlfriend， if I buy her a gift， if it can be just food。 You know， hey。

 I came。 I got you some food。Her brain is triggered to view that as a legitimate investment。

 She is getting worth from me。 I'm bringing food home to the nest。That's why we do it。

But it has to feel to her legitimate， not like we're using it as a form of trickery， right？

It's one way of saying you've hijacked my brain。 It's like， you know， one of the stories I tell is。

I went grocery shopping and I wanted to buy you know stuff for friends in case they come over and I didn't know what to buy you。

 I don't know what type of drink you like， and I wanted to stock the fridge in case you came over and I don't know。

And it bothers me so much。You know， because now I don't have anything in the fridge for you。

 and if you come over， I'll feel really bad。So what do you like。

 I'm going to go out and get it right now。And I don't know if you're ever going to come over。

But I want it there just in case。See， that leads her to think， well。

 this guy's brain is being hijacked。I'll give you examples。 by the way。

 all this is designed backwards engineered from all my examples。 All my models。

 These are not idealisms。 Okay， because this is kind of messy these models aren't like some clear。

 simple three step process。 You know， This is all backwards engineered from wow。

 life is pretty fucking complex， isn't it。 This is it。 This is accurate shit。 Okay girl named Holly。

 It was an exotic dancer。 Okay I went back to her place。 it was a day too。

 and she had friends there and all I did was I SAT on the floor and we shot the shit。

 I befriended everybody right， then because she was really short。 when I said goodbye。

 my big move was I made her massage my back。 I SAT there and had her massage my back in front of her friends and stuff。

 And that was it。 That's all I did。 That was the key escalation。 Hey， it was a big move。

I met her in a fucking strip club， got her number， called her， came over the next night。

 She invited me over， actually came over， she had friends in the room。I had her massage my back。

 And that was it。 And we shot the shit。 and I had fun for about an hour and a half。 And then I said。

 you know， I'd better get going because I knew I wasn't gonna go any further with the friends in there。

 Okay， so I stood her up on top of the the couch， hugged her， right， give her a big hug and said。

 okay， I gotta get going。 Allright， I'll talk to you later。 not trying to make another meeting。

You know， just， all right， I'll talk to you later。Good， it's all comfort building。

 And I could talk on the phone for an hour and a half to build comfort at this point。

 Just build comfort 7 hours。 So I left。 Well， a couple days later， she invites me over。

 No one else is there， right and。You know， I showered and shaved。

 got ready and assuming that I'm gonna get laid。Anyway，I went over。I sat down， we started kissing。

 and she said， we're not having sex， you know。And， I think。Emmar。You know， I'm working on it。

 seven hours， but of course I didn't have seven hours， I was only about four and a half。

But a mystery。 I like to have some LMmar。 If you go 7 hours， you get very little LMR。 you go 4 hours。

 You're gonna have LMR。 But that's okay for me because， hey， I've got all these tactics， right。

I didn't deal with the。 We should stop， right， So I， what did I deal with with the freeze up。

 That's right。 I simply said to her。Oh my God。 I am so glad you said that。 You know， you know。

 I just broke up with， with Katya。 I'm just， I'm not in the headspace to， to do this right now。😊。

You know， I mean， don't get me wrong。 Obviously， we're attracted to each other。

 but I just want to come and have a place to chill。 You know， have tea and talk。

 you know what I mean， I'm just not in that headspace。In fact， early on today。

 I was taking a shower and， you know， I'm doing my the the thing I regularly do。 You know。

 I like to trim down there and stuff。 And， you know， I'm triming。 I'm， I'm， I'm like。

 Im shaveaving my balls and I'm taking care of it all。 You know， porn star style and。😊。

Theyre getting that point where I'm going， what am I doing this for Because normally， you know。

 I'm doing it for， you know， for， my girlfriend， you know， and it's a normal thing。

 It's an everyday occurrence。 You know， every couple days。 You know， I take care of it。

 But I broke up with her。 So what the hell am I doing it for。 And I thought， you know。

 because I just got into the habit。It's easier to keep doing it than to stop。

 Let it grow long and then start where where the lines。 You know what I mean。

 you got surf from scratch and get creative。 Okay， we're gonna put the lines。 You know。

 we're gonna put the box right Instead， if the lines are still there and it just grows a couple days。

y， they're already there。 man， I could just trim them and go。 So that it just kept it up。Well。

So I'm thinking to myself， why am I trimming myself？And it's too late。 I've already shaved myself。

 right， But I know that I， you know， if I don't shave my face。I don't feel sexy。

Like my girlfriend always knew that if I if I shaved my face and had my hair down。

Then watch out because I'm Randy。 So you know， when I came over here， I decided。

 if I don't shave my face。I'm definitely not going to have sex because I just don't feel， know， sexy。

And so feel this。 Okay， feel this。 Allright， now feel here。 So it's all trimmed down here。 all nice。

 But I purposely didn't shaved。 You've done this yourself haven't you。 You know。

 like you haven't shaved your legs。And you did that purposely because you didn't want to have sex know。

Here， let's see your legs。 Oh， you did， Shave。 See， what were you thinking。You know， feel this。

There you go。 Let's just hang out。Within 10 minutes， because I demonstrated my freeze out。

 my willingness to walk away。And my willingness to， you've hijacked my brain， I'm here anyway。

I'm here just to hang。 It's not for the sex。 Yeah， sex is good。 We like sex。 That's fine。

 but I'm here because of you。Within 10 minutes， Mike dick was in her mouth。

She started coming onto me， I started pushing her off me。I was laughing inside going， oh my God。

 last minute resistance。 I fucking love last minute resistance。 I totally understand how to do this。

 And she attacked me， stuck her breast， and being an exotic dancer。

 stuck her breast and started trying to arouse me and stuff。 And I'm going， babe。

 how do you think this is gonna work。😊，You know， come on。

You're just trying to do your exotic dancer stick on me。 Come on。And're like， a fuck ho。

Next thing you know，sy White cockck。I'm thinking to myself， I'm glad I shaved。Remember LMR？

Is basically the gate at the top of the kno escalation staircase。It's the gate。

And we got to get through the gate。So it's pretty much the last one。 right。 Now。

 when does last minute resistance turn on for a woman。For some。

 if you grab her breast because she thinks， oh， oh， it's going sexual， I'm going to have sex。

And she gets scared。 Other girls， you can grab her breasts。

 and she knows that as long as her pants stay on。 She's not gonna have sex。

 You can play all she wants。 You know， you can make out with a girl。

 General making out with a girl will not trigger LMR。 Some very naive women。 It will。You know。

 you're kissing a girl and it'll trigger。ForFor women， you know， for different women。

 it it will trigger at different times。 You won't know when it's going to trigger。Until it does。

 because other， know， women are very different。But it's all around the same time。 for some it's here。

 for some， take the top off， you can play with your breast as long as the pants stay on。

 some you can take the pants off as long as the pany stay on。Whatever it is。

Wherever it is once it hits， you got to be， you know ready to deal with it。

 the best ways through anticipation， through like seven hours， for instance。嗯。

Here's a story I used yesterday on the girl。 I said to her。I have a fetish， she said，Re， I do too。

 you go first。Like。And they said， yeah， yeah， no， I have lots of fetishs。

But the fetish I'm talking about is a weird one， you'd never guess。

If you and I knew each other six months， this is future time projection stuff。

If you and I were to know each other six months， we're holding hands。

 We're best friends with the bonus plan。 We're going Christmas shopping for everybody。

And we're an automatic pilot。We're talking and we're an automatic pilot and so automatic pilot。

Draws us。Into a certain。You know， store of yours that you like。 What store would that be if she goes。

 I don't know。Like Victoria's Secret or something， well you'd never guess which store autopilot would bring me。

We would find ourselves inexplicably being pulled into luggage stores。It's the weirdest thing。

 I've got this weird luggage fetish。 It's like bags and stuff。 I don't know why I love bags。

 and I have all the luggage that I need。But。There's something about the organization of it or you know。

 means travel or something that draws me in。 And you turn to me and say， babe， you know。

 we you buying bags for。 I'm like， nobody， I don't know why I'm here。 We'd have to like leave。

 You know， it's the weirdest thing。 Well， I look at you。

And there's something about you that makes me， I don't know what it is， but it makes me look at you。

 And I't wantan to creep you。 I don't want to creep me out。 You know。

 I've dated some beautiful women on my time。 There's some hot girls in here。 So I think， okay。

 whatever。 look away。And I can't help it。Back to you。It's just something about it。嗯。That's it。

That's the routine。And then I more often say， you've hijacked my brain。The next day on the phone。

 you could say you only the weirdest thing。I could not get you out of my head。

It is the weirdest thing， it is so fucking annoying， what the hell did you slip me？

You are such an ass。You have no right to come into my brain and become a character in my dreams already。

What a little shit。I can't believe you do that to me。Because I was thinking about you all day。

What's your favorite beverage。You've hijacked my brain。

You need to just demonstrate several times ahead of time。Start 15 minutes in。

So that when you get to LMR。She will have compelling evidence to support that yes。

This guy's brain really is hijacked。Let's see she's in bed going， okay， is he lying Well let's see。

You know， he thinks of me。he。😔，He wantsants to take care of me， he wants to protect me。He。

Is annoyed by it？YouSo it's not like you're trying to game her。 You're just saying。

 I have no clue why this is。 I hardly know you。And yet。For some reason， I need to know you're okay。

And I。And， you know。I don't know what to do about that。

Because I don't know what you're up to in the day and I have no right to know。

And it's a weirdest feeling of just wanting to make sure you're fine。Are you fine。Good。

 now go back to normal conversation。You've hijacked my brain， and that a great concept。

 and that brings it all together。It shows your vulnerability。😔，Right。It does， it does。

 it's a vulnerable aspect， that you're revealing to her。And it can trigger itself again。

 and you don't want it to， you know， but it happens because you didn't do the first time， right。

YouYou got to get rid of it and what'll help keep it from happening a second time is don't be the aloof guy。

Be the attentive guy。You know after you've had sex， get her water。You，Would you like some water？

Bring her water。What a subtle， stupid little thing。 but it's。Design for the brain there， you know。

 you're giving her something after sex。 You've already had sex。 Now you're giving her a gift。

You know。How about rubbing her feet， making her feel good？Cuddling with her。You know， all that stuff。

Me personally， I'm like a girl， I love all that crap。So。嗯。Yeah， like hang out with her after。

 don't just have sex and say， okay， I gotta go。Now。

 one of the things you have to be aware of here is the woman doesn't。

Necessarily want you to stick around。She just wants the option to be hers。Does that make sense？

That's all。 that's you're not saying， oh baby， I'm gonna be with you all the time。

 I'm not going anywhere。 I'm going to watch you close like a hawk。 You know， you know， you know。

 you don't want to be a stalker。 Okay， you just want her to know that you actually do care and you think about her and it hurts。

I've done this with the girl。 Make out with her。 Okay， this is a true story。

 I'm making out with the girl。 And then I stopped， did to freeze out， turned music on。

 started dancing to the music and stuff。 And she's sitting at the edge of the bed， just watching me。

 I stopped。 for 10 minutes。 She got so like weirded out that， you know。

 I wasn't touching her anymore。 wasn't， you know， it was like， okay Well， here's what happened。

 She got real pissed。 pissed， not angry。 but she got up and went to the kitchen。

And I stayed in the bed。Like in my bedroom listening to the music still。

 So she got her shoes and carried them and she said， well， I'm gonna get going。 And I said， well。

 thanks for dropping by。 It's good to see you again。😊。

She came all the way down to see me and it was only 15 minutes he was at my place。Okay。

 because we started escalating pretty much right away and freeze out。 fine。

 So she took her shoes and she started she left。And I thought， all right， I got to do this。

 I'd been through this before。 as she's walking up up the the hill on， you know。

 on cobbly on the cobbly street。 So she's kind of walking slowly。 I happen to be barefoot， too。

 She has feet her shoes in in her in her hand。 They were high heels。 So she's obviously。

 I can already tell。She's worn those high heels to impress me。 She's doing herself up。

 She's not wearing them， You can't wear them in the car。 so she just decided to walk up。

Without putting them back on and then taking them off from the car and makes sense。

 And I even thought about that the whole way up， you know， as I'm coming up and following behind her。

 And I'm just sort of myself。My it was nighttime and there's a lamp behind me。

 And so my shadow is elongating。 And finally， you know， as she's in front of me by like 30 feet。

 she sees the shadow and his scared and turns。 And that's when I noticed she was crying the whole way up。

Yeah， I feel sad about that。Right。And she and I just walked up to her， didn't say a word。

 she just stopped， I just walked up to her。Took her shoes， took her hand。We didn't say a word。

 and we just walked back down， five minutes of walking all the way back。

 and she just walked all the way back down， and I went into the house， walked past my roommate。

 Herbal T， was in the living room in the pillowpi， walked to my bedroom， closed the door。

 pushed her up against the ball， made out fullmonty， No problems。It's just a freeze up。

 a willingness to walk away。But you still have to。You know， don't let them cry and walk off。

 You've still got to chase them。 Some girls， they like to be chasesd。She said， baby， what's wrong。

 I said， look。You know， saying no turns me off。That's a good thing。You know。

 you want your man to be turned off when a girl says no。That's healthy。You know。

 don't think I'll be like understanding， it's beyond understanding， it's a turnoff。

It's not me logically understanding， it's me emotionally feeling grossed out。You know。

 you keep grossing me out。 I mean， I'm not used to girls saying no。You know。I'm hot。

I've had gorgeous girls in my life。 I'm not going to apologize for it this。You know。

 you feel uncomfortable， fine， so do I， the minute you say no， I lose my bone。I'm not mad。You know。

 it' just if you just want to be friends。No worries。 We'll just be friends。 You know。

 I'm not going anywhere。 I'm still here。And that's a really important thing。 Remember。

 we have to demonstrate our willingness to walk away。That's what we're doing。

 And we're doing it right at that moment， going， you know， look。

I am willing to not have sex with you。But。I'm still going think of you。I'm still gonna， you know。

You're still going to exist in my dreams。I'm still going to feel like I need to care for you。

Whether we have sex or not。