# 14、谜男《谜男1.0教学视频》：谜男教学视频 4【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

唉。Can you get that I find I'm very enthusiastic about this stuff。Dude， I get laid from this。

Smile next is stacking。You're gonna stack your openers。 An opener is a small story。

 usually about 30 seconds long。A personality conveying story， non threatening。

 non telegraphing of your interest。Just a little story that you can use to initiate the chat。

In initiating the chat， you're gonna be stacking。 you're gonna have several of these openers in your head。

 Okay， several little stories to tell since they're small， you can use them at the beginning。

 Since you have many of them in your head， you might as well stack them all the small ones up at the beginning。

An opener can be used later on in the game as a routine。 It's just a small one。

Like a comedian has small jokes， big jokes。He's not going to start with a big joke。

 He's going to start with a couple small ones and then go off into the bigger things。

 Some jokes take five minutes to tell。 Other ones are， you know， does this shirt make me look tall。

Or dead room。I have these big ass boots they're like make me almost7 feet tall plus I wear top hats sometimes。

And by saying， does this shirt make me look tall， that's funny。So she's a part of a three set。

 there are two people with her right， let's say's a guy and a girl with your target。Well。

 at that moment， a lot of people will say， well， there's a guy。 It's harder。

 I'd rather go into a three set with three girls than a three set with， you know。

 only two girls and a guy。The truth is going in into a three sit with one guy is in fact easier why because most guys will go up to a three set easily and so you know that three sit that's in that public gathering has been approached earlier on in the day maybe several times even hey ladies looks like the party's over here right kind of the typical average frustrated ch A of C style stuff right。

But very few of them will。Musster up the courage to approach a three set with a guy in it。And yet。

 you know， if there's a guy in it， odds are， he's only with one of the two girls。

 meaning that one is already free。 All you have to do is find out the relationships。Right。

And you're good to go。Have a prop bag and your prop bag will be whatever it takes。

All those little things style in his prop bag， he used to bring a huge piece of fluff from a dryer。

 you know， dryer lint。Huge piece。And take a small piece。

 roll it up a little ball right between his two fingers， hidden。He'd this would be his opener。

 Walk up to a Gurongo。And you just pull it out of the hair。

As if it was in there and she holds her hand out and puts it in her hand。

It it's kind of picking something off her her head and walks off。

 Sometimes they won't hold her hand out。 So he goes。Puts it back in your hair。It walks off。

A few minutes later， right， a few minutes later， he'll come。 He'll do it again。

 He'll do a little piece of piece in his hand。 I'll just walk up。And walk off again。And she's like。呵。

And then the third time。He'd come point， and she'd be around him again。

Reach in and pull out the entire wad。Yeah。So you can do it's the Lint opener。Or lint eggg。

 It's both because you can use it as a eggg。 You can use it once。You just pick something from her。

 or you can do it all three times， do it big。 and it's funny。

In with the takeaways and you become a comedic character， it's really unique。See， so it's your call。

 however you want to do that。 But anyway， he used to carry that in his prop bag。This is how I view。

Multiple thread theory， I always think of my hand。For some reason， what is multiple thread theory？

Here's a conversational threat， okay？A conversational thread like you're going to say an opener。

Right。As I'm saying， the opener。I may pause it。It like or not open any routine。

I'll pause the routine。And I'll start a new one。And I'll pause that， and I'll start a new one。

 and I'll pause that and then I'll come back here， finish that， then I'll come back here。

 finish this， and I'll start a new one。Then I'll pause there， then I'll finish this。

 then I'll start a new one。Right and these were different groups。

 you even looked over your shoulder one time to someone who you hadn't even met yet and you said。

We have a lot to talk about that's right， exactly I'm working this set and then I'm now merging forward。

And to see， margins aren't weird。You just have the material in your head， you're working here。

 and I'm already starting here， and I could tell it already made her feel pissed。Cowboy hackcker。嗯。

Towboy had girl。Emergings。I find that in order to get a 10， you got to merge。In other words。

 the woman who's of 10 has to see you're already in a group talking and you're like， so who are you？

Now， I used to think it was only because you know the social proof。

 but the truth is there was also the opportunity to build a jealousy plotline 50 minutes into the set when you're in comfort。

Because all of a sudden it's like they're wondering who is this other girl？

Let me finish up with this before I get to jealous Plaline。Exactly。

 and multiple threads are natural when you're in rapport with somebody。

This is something that we naturally do now you have to ask yourself why do I have to fake this then if I'm trying to build rap because it's an unnatural act to walk up to a stranger。

And act like it's all natural。So we're trying to trick them into feeling like， we're in rapport。

So we start a conversation， we pausesit it， it also is very interesting。

 it keeps them interested as soon as a conversational threat dies。

 like let's say this conversational threat isn'tcompte， I don't but it was going dead。

I don't have to go back， I could just end it right there as I started。The idea though。

 is notice how there's a lot of different conversations， some of them I finish。

There's always a few that are still open。So near the end。

 when I'm ready to build a time bridge or a bounce， I can say， oh my God。

 we have so much to talk about and she'll go， I know。That's what happened with the black girl。

Remember the little she was like five foot tall black girl like her phone number。It's crystals。

But I always love to leave a couple threads。So it isn't a linear thing。

 you're not going to be doing one story then when you're done the next story。

 then you're done then the next story， the way it really works is。An opener is just a small story。

 you'll do an opener， pause， throw your neck， continue your opener。Finish your opener。

 stack to the next opener fine you can you know somewhere in there， throw the egg。

 continue your opener， finish it now you're in off into bigger material。

 start your material as you do your material if you want to throw a egg again you may you may then continue pause start a new piece of material。

 pause， continue the old。The first routine， continue it， finish it， done， start a third one。

 pause it。Finish the second one， does that make sense， this is what we're doing here。

That happens in natural conversation the way it happens one moment， the way it happens is。

They are going to say something。Because your story has reminded them of a story that they want to include。

 so shut up and let them do it if it works for you。

If the conversational threat that they've initiated， if you feel like it's not going to work for me。

 she's not investing anything positive into this， you know。

 like if she starts talking about a fucking boyfriend，Snip her conversational thread。

 get back on yours。Well， we don't go for a phone number just because she's attracted to us。

We now have to prove that we are attracted to them。If we can do that。

Then they will want to build some comfort with us。 If we try to get a phone number before they've built enough comfort。

 we'll get a phone number。But we'll never see them again。

Because they don't have the comfort levels constructed built up。

 So it takes at least from meeting to getting her phone number， at least on average。

 about 25 minutes， just knowing that based on my successes。

Completely changes the game because most people are trying to get the phone number three minutes in。

 Bo， They're cutting themselves off at the fucking knees， boom。Instead。

Get to know the girl a little bit first。 It's at least 25 minutes。Allright。

 we are going to perfect those 25 minutes because if we can perfect those 25 minutes。

We will be laid like rock stars。First layer is going by yourself， going up to the girl by herself。

 Next layer is group。 Third layer is multiple groups mergging。

Fourth layer is allowing the previous night successes to assist you in the next night。

 which is called the use of a pivot。Okay。And like， you know， I met two girls yesterday。

 I can call them up and invite them out today。 I have two girls on my arm。

 I'll come out with girls who are going stay with me all night long and I get to， you know， say。

 I'll be back in a sec。And work other sets， it's going to help me dramatically， since always open。

If you have women with you。Always。Guys， girls feel always open because you're not threatening。

I've already got girls from me， they're already ons。So that's the use of pivots。

 that's the layer four， and then there's the coveted fifth layer， which all of us should be playing。

The social circle rule。That's the fifth layer where you allow the previous month。

Success to assist you in the next month。That's where style plane， I've been traveling lately。

 so I can't really work there， but that's the way I was doing it。

When when I wasn't traveling when I was in Hollywood， we would just， you know， Stalin I， we。

 we go out with a group of people。We were like you see people do， they go out in groups。

 that's normal。Going out alone and surging by yourself， isn't。Normal。It's a lonely thing， but。

If that's all you've got going for you， you've got to start at level 1， if necessary。

 then lead to level 2， then lead to level 3， you know。You got to start somewhere。Get out there。

Do whatever it takes， I go alone。 If I have to， if I， I don't have social value today。 You know。

 I have nothing。 I'm starting from scratch。 just broke up with my girl。 God damn it。 You know。

 And one of the weird things is when you have a girlfriend。

Your social circle sort of diminishes because you never have time for them。

 So you got to build up another social circle。How about a three set？

Two thirds of all approach scenarios。With an attractive woman that you'd like to meet。

Two thirds of them are going to be three sets。 It's just a nature of social dynamics。

 You go out to any public gathering and people roll in numbers。The girl who came alone。

 She's not going to be alone for long。 She came for a reason。 Shes go out there to see her friends。

 Her friends are there to protect her。 the more pretty she is， the more， I mean， objectively pretty。

 it's a mathematical formula， what beauty is， the more beautiful she is。

 the more she has to protect herself。And that's why， you know。

 she'll go to a loud clubbed environment， a loud music rather a club environment rather than a quiet one。

 because， you know， while we will say， well， that's so loud in here。 there's a problem。

 There's an opportunity。 Louud means hot girls。There is a correlation。

 a direct correlation between the music levels in a club and how hot the women are。

I've discovered this by， countless times going to public gatherings。There is a correlation。

 and the reason why they accept the loud music is because it protects them from the barrage of boar。

 every lovable loser walking up to them and saying， hi， my name's Eric， what's your name。

She doesn't want to know your name， she doesn't want to remember it。

She doesn't want to give her personal information to you， you cannot go in like that。

That's a whole other ballga。You know， some people are have asked me。

 is there like a C D Maybe I could listen to I'm， I'm gonna be going to a party。

 and I want to be in a good mood when I get there。 Maybe there's a C D I can listen to。Dude。

 the whole purpose of a party is to be in a good mood。

 You don't try to get yourself in a good mood on your way there， you know， oh。

 you are in a good mood。No man， you get there and and you let your first three nervous sets get under your belt。

 you barrel through these， these first sets。 So the the fourth set comes along and it's easier and you're in a good mood because you've had three sets before that。

 And those are what we call warmup sets。You see， what is attraction？

Attraction is actually SNR value judging circuits。What was what style says is fun what was funny when you were in grade  two is funny again。

Thumb wrestling body。All these little one liner pieces you know or how's this check this I'm going to make this ring rather vanish now remember I've got two of them。

 so it's a distinction okay？I'm going to make this vanish from my left hand and appear in my right。

 ready， one， two， three， now。cant have for the hard part to bring it back， three， two， one now。Yeah。

 I know what you're saying， was he born with that it's a power？It's's a gift from God， you know。

 no biggie or the devil， your choice， blackmails。You want to learn how to do that？It's amazing。

 All you have to do is sign a contract from this guy named Bel Zub， ever hear him， cool guy。

You can get this contract in PDF form， just print it out， sign and blood。And you're good to go。

Right now you'll go， hmm， it's dry， you， but in the field。

 it's the weirdest thing how some of these things just really kick it off。Make things work， you know。

 and when they laugh。You make big movements like this。

 you become the moment for all the other sets to see you。Then you can merge that hey。

Think of a number from one to four。And next thing， you know。

 you're doing the next routine on the next people， take your hat off， put it you know。

 usually wear like some sort of big hat， take the hat off and lock them in， back into sec。

 merge forward into this set， work them。 Now I've got a jealousy plot line that happens between the two because that's。

 by the way， is the other thing that is necessary here。

I need to build a jealousy plotline in comfort。 A woman will not feel jealousy for you until you are in comfort until she's attracted to you。

 feels like you're attracted to her for legitimate reasons。 Now you're both sitting in comfort。

 arm and arm， you're feeling good。 you're holding hands。 Everything's good。

But a woman doesn't truly know she's attracted to you until she feels jealousy。So it isn't until。

You know。Another girl comes along。And she feels jealous that she wants you。

And that'll really accelerate her to chase you。But how are you going to get another girl chasing。

 In other words， I noticed that the hottest girls in my life always came from mixed sets from merging sets rather。

I would have to merge a set， honey did？Almost done。嗯。I would go into a set。

And then I would take that and merge them forward into the next set。

 or at least ping pong between the two， you know， passively forward merge。

And when I would go to the new set， I thought it was just the social proof that I had that allowed me to build the attraction。

 but it wasn't。 It was the fact that I would take this set and introduce them to the previous set and that previous set would give me keyote handholding stuff that would create jealousy for this girl and these girls who I had opened and then I opened a new set and introduce these girls to the first set。

 they felt jealousy。 So now I'm ping ping between two jealousy plot lines。

That's when a woman knows she's attracted to you， so jealousy plotline is built into the game plan。

 always。If you can't do it on day one。You're going to have to throw it in at some point。Right。

 actually， it's jealousy。Plotplain。When is it set over， there're still communicating。

 there's still a dialogue。 Do you still stay in it。What do you mean when is this set over？Oh， I see。

 for that moment。 they're back there's some sort of。Interactly， it's not over until。You mean over。

 as in like you anticipate it being over。 Okay， that's not over。 Over is when you say goodbye。

 goodbye， you're gone。 you're both 50 feet away。 That's over。So you're not asking for。

 when is it over， You're asking for when do you think that it's worth cutting off early。Right。

I'll do it when a girl says， could you please go away， thank you。

I'll say it was a pleasure meeting it。That's it。 I don't get it too often。

 It can come right away if a girl says， fuck off。On your're open。You'll say you are a little shit。

 Oh my God。 I've eaten girls like you for breakfast。You'd be ready for that and if she goes。

  that's nice， I don't want to talk to you。Pleasure meeting you。That's it。 That's all you got。

 It's your eject。 Plea meeting。 You write it down。 It's an inject。

 What happens when you don't know where to go， You know， you go 20% further。That's what style did。

 That's how he got good。 When you run out of material， You don't know where to go。 You're like， fuck。

 I'm stuck。 Am I A2， am I83， Where am I， What am I doing。At that moment， that's when you'll say。

 all right， I'm going to learn now。 I'm going stick in here 20% extra if it means them thinking I'm a big asshole。

 you know， or weird， creeping them out。 You know， hey， we're in a public gathering。

 They're they're gonna get up and leave before comes to worse。You know。So you learn within that。

 but that's all a part of practice game。 Sod game is to you know， leave and then reapproach later。

 maybe with two girls in your arms， right， But practice game is where， hey man。

 I don't know what I'm gonna to do next。 So let's figure this out。 Let's try some new shit。

And you're all gonna have to barrel through that，right。It's a humbling thing， too， You know。

 once in a while， I'll find a point in the game。 Some social dynamic interaction takes place where I'm just not prepared for。

 I don't have a solution for it。 So I'm like。Allright， experimental the game hits。

 Let's move forward 20%。 Let's go。 Let's go figure this one out。

It's the only way we can solve all the potential interrupts anyway is by trial and error like that。

The girls ever started making me？m。they're pretty good at it。 Yeah， and they're fun。

 You want them to。You know， you want them to。You know， the attitude of saying， you know。

 were they bitches？That doesn't matter。 You know， that's just a protection shield。

 They're not bitches。 They're not really bitches。 They're all going to one day， all， you know。

 the bitch that said， can you go away， please， She is gonna have sex with some guy。And when she does。

 she will spread her legs for him and say， fuck me， baby。 F me。 Oh my God， you're so big。

 She's going to do this。Why can't that guy be you。So instead of saying， you know。

 coming up with the excuse that she's a bitch。 like she was just being a bitch to you and it worked。

 But the guy that she is having sex with got through that bitch， you。So why can't that be us。

 Let's discover a way through it and don't take it personally when she behaves that way to us。

She's doing it for a legitimate reason。 She's protecting herself from a barrage of boar。

We can only choose from the women who have first chosen us。So if you want options。

 you have to make all the women attracted to good looking or bad looking。You know。

 wouldn't it be great to walk through the world and have a skill set to make anybody think you're attractive。

 Uly people， guys think that you're the cool guy， a beautiful women practice on the ugly girls。

 you know， I'm not saying that you have to have sex with them。

 but you certainly can shoot the shit with them and practice your personality conveying material。

We have to， systematically convey certain characteristics of an alpha male。

As I remember when a girl once left her angora pink sweater。And it didn't It was just washed。

 It didn't even smell like perfume or anything， but it just had。Smelt like girl。

And she left it there。 And I had to leave it out because I was like， well， next time I see her。

 I'll give it back to her。 I smell it every once in a while。 God， this is girl。 you know， pink。

 It' the only pink thing in my room。 You know， it's girl。And， it made me think of her so much more。

So here's another thing you can do， get yourself a $1 necklace。And then you take it off and you say。

 you're not a fiief are you。 I want you to hold on to this。 It's very important to me。

You have to promise to give it back to me the next time you see it， okay。AndNot a great bit。

 it solidifies your time bridge。What I end up doing is I'll be moving off into my C1， go like this。

Start talking to them。 They start gathering around。

 And then I say to them to one of them in particular。 This is a great little piece。

 You may want to write this down。 You pick one out and you say。

 I bet you think you could pick up pretty much any man in here。 But the truth is。

 you can only pick up the men who approach you。 You know， the lovable losers that don't， you know。

 have anybody to talk to。 So they come to you。 begging from， you know， hey， can buy your beer。

 And you're like， thank you very much。 F off now， right， All those losers。Really。

 you want to meet a man that doesn't have to approach you。The man that's surrounded by women， right。

Like， for instance， there are women in this room right now that want to meet me。They do。

 and they can't because they have to get through all four of you。

So I want you to appreciate your time with me。There's not a sweet little bit。

 What you're doing is you're taking their presence。And using it as social proof for yourself。

 What's amazing about it is you can see the physiological change in a girl when she's just。

 you know talking to and listening。 And then you mentioned that you're one of those guys that is surrounded by women。

 And they just look at each other。😊，They go， oh my God。You know， they see it。 And。

 and I swear to you， it's like this。Vk。Yeah just screw tits。And they want you。

It's a great little piece to throw in。 When you got four women around you and you point to another woman。

 they want you。 They really do want you because they want to know who is this guy surrounded by four women making them laugh。

So you just lean back and point， you know， and they turn look and the girls look away and you say。

 see， you know look over there。You eat this point， and girls will look。

 And then when four girls turn to look， you know， the girl will look away again。 like see。

 these girls want to meet me， but they don't。They can't because I'm surrounded by you right now。

 they have to get through you to get to me， and the truth is。

 I don't have to meet them because I'm being entertained quite well。

 hanging out with you guys right now。So appreciate your time with me。It's a way of social proofing。

And building attraction just because they're there。I find that fucking just amazing。For example。

 let's pretend you were my target and you were my obstacle。 Okay， now。

 just because I label you obstacle I don't mean it to be derogatory。And hold this for a sec。

 Good by locking my target in with a prop， I'm going to show you some cool with that in the sec by doing that。

I can now speak to this two set， I can direct my attention over to the obstacle。

 ignoring the target entirely。Knowing that she's going to have to hand that back before she leaves。

 if she wants to go to the washroom or something， right， now， a bad example。

 I'm using one of these as a lockin prop， but there are other lockin props that you can use。

 for instance。That's a great lock and prop for me。Because I can carry this and I can just open a set by saying here。

 hold this for a sec。And I can start talking to the others。 Then I can throw a egg。 Wait your turn。

 No， you don't get to look through this。 Oh my God。 where are your little snoop。Wait your turn。

 you'll get your turn when you're good and ready， when you deserve it for now。

 you need some crayons in a helmet， there's a corner。And you say it playfully。

 and then I can demonstrate a higher value to the obstacle。emailmail。Don't do email。Honestly。

 don't do email。 a woman's brain is not emotionally hardwired for email。You know， think 40。

000 years ago。Time bridge I'm going to see you again。 like like would happen if you were living 40。

000 years ago。 I'm going to see you when the sun is down over there。Be there and if she's not there。

 well then something went wrong。Over here on this end。A pickup artist is a performing artist。

 Your job is to use some form of material， just like a comedian uses material。

For his personality to write in so he can deliver it to the audience。

 you're doing the exact same thing。You need to open the set， so does a comedian。

 that's why I called them openers。An opener is merely a story that is short that you can begin with。

You could do two or three of them。Right。That's called stacking openers。

And then you can lead off into the bigger routines。

But you can't open with a big routine because you might lose them。

You their attention is very short and you have no value yet。

So you have to ground your identity to her reality， so instead of saying I'm a CEO， you say。

 well when I was a kid。I came up with this idea， like when I was a teenager and I was living up my parents' house。

 and I came up with this idea， and I decided to market it online。 and I started making some money。

And then he goes from there。He just tells his story。And it could take he could do it 5，6，7 stories。

 a sequence of stories。That led all the way up to where he is today。Just like I do。You know。

 oftentimes and I'll throw in the what do you do I'll say I'm an alist， I show them a little bit。

 give them a little taste， tell them what I'm up to lately， then when it comes down to my hitting C1。

I'll say when， when I was a kid， I wanted to grow up and be a magician。 It's the craziest thing。

 You know， I wanted to be an astronaut， too， and a puppeteer at one point。

 But I was so fascinated by magic。 And I remember the first time I did my very first magic show was for。

 for。😊，Maybe 20 kids。And it was for 50 bucks 17 years old。

 and I was shitting a brick for two weeks because I'd never done a show before in front of anybody。

 never mind for money， and they were， you know， I did it for maybe a couple friends， you know。

 people on the street， my mom， you know， who hated me performing magic because it was horrible back then。

And this show was supposed to be 30 minutes long for 50 bucks， and it was only 20 minutes long。

And I mean， I was horrible， I was shit。But I took the money。And。I feel like， you know。

 if I ever bump into that guy， I'm going to kick him 50 bucks， you know and say， man。

 thanks for the loan。I'll give them 75 for interest。Quite though， is。

That very day I saw David Copperfield perform。And the money 50 bucks paid for literally exactly the fee of two tickets to see Cofield that paid my mom back。

I went through all that pain so that I can see Cofield。 And after that show。

 I decided I'd never have to do magic show again。You know， because it was horrible。 I hated it。

 And I went and saw David Copperfield and I had two tickets。 I was going to invite my neighbor。

The reason why Chili couldn't come is because she wasn't there that weekend。

I was too chicken to ask her soon enough。So my friends were all busy。 and My mom said。

 I'll go with you。 I was like， no， I'll find somebody。 And I went downtown alone。

$25 half of the pain that I just went through experience for two weeks。

 deciding never to do that again， sitting in my fucking hand， going。

 maybe I can give it away to someone on the street。But by that time。

 now I did an 11 in the morning show， and this show was at 8 PM。

 So here I am 5 minutes before the show。 That's a long time。 I got scared again。

 I was too scared to talk to anybody on the street。😰，You know， after the show。

 you would have thought I would have had the guts， but too much time had passed。

 and I was too scared。😰，So I ended up going in and you know。

 what's worse than having a stranger sit next to you is having nobody sit next to you and you've paid for it。

And I went and I saw that show， 17 years old。Copperfield did a fucking amazing show。

 and he schooled me on the way it should be done。And it was that day that I decided something really huge on the most stupid day ever I decided。

I'm going to become the world's greatest illusionist。And I'm going to make him disappear。

And I was stuck。Since then。I've been through some other experiences。 I started doing many。

 many magic shows。 How many， about 300， maybe even 400 magic shows。Do you know how many magic shows。

 how many children's magic shows I've done？I went at first doing little children's birthday parties。

 I did Bar mitzvas， I then moved up to doing school shows。I just had to get my chops up。

Doing school shows were a real bitch because I was doing the 12 and 13 year olds。 You know。

 the ones who don't believe the magic anymore。The ones where you have to。You know。

 still treat them like kids， but you know that some of them have already had sex。Re明。Hard。

 really hard core。 and that's what I got called in to do。

 and I got really good at it the way I would start it is， you know。

 it would be library shows and stuff。I'd come in and say， you guys believe in magic， a bullshit。

And they've grew the fact that I had the guts to say bullshit in front of them at a school and I'd go。

Oops。And of course I got chastised a couple times， but I would then say， look， they're 13 years old。

 they're saying shit in front of each other。Okay。That's how you win an audience， you know。

 and if you have a problem。And alwaysway take the money back。

Because I was no longer doing it for the money， was I？And I'm still not doing it for。

Now do you see what I'm doing here， I'm sequencing a series of stories。

 I've got about 25 minutes of stories。By the time we're done。

 she will feel like she has ridden with me along the entire way and every story is a story which makes her proud for my having the guts to do it。

Leading all the way up to what I'm doing today and where I'm going。 That's my grounding sequence。

 And if I begin my grounding sequence。I will have a girlfriend。So I have to be very careful。

 I'm not kidding you。 I have to be very careful not to bother starting it unless I really like her。

It's anywhere in C 1， C，2， C 3。 If you've got the time。' sitting one on one with a girl。

 Have you even done it， If it's a two set， keep me together。But afterwards。

 they feel so comfortable with you。 They feel like they know you。You know。

 and you're taking the time。 Notice I'm not fucking hitting on her。I'm just taking the time。

 Of course， I'll do some keno escalation， You know， arm and arm。

 and I'll talk for five minutes and go conscious smell so fucking good。 Where was I， Oh yeah。

 and I'll continue on with my next story。 How do you make it so doesn't。嗯。

Cause you'll be throwing in little things like I was scared shitless。You know。

You know I was just a little boy And at the end of it I'll say you know what。

 I'm not where I want to be just yet。 I'm still in the midst of turmoil。 I just moved down to Vegas。

 I got to head over to the stratosphere because I plan on performing the world's first midter vanish by jumping off of it。

 And so you know I need to go up there And that's one of the stories that I told yesterday which is true of this one I want to do。

I have to ask them。 So how does everyone know each other before I can give indicators of interest because I don't know who the boyfriend or the brother is。

 right， Also， even if it's a two set of females， I will still ask。 So how do you all know each other。

 It's a way point。 Every single one of you will say。 Let's hear you say it 1，2，3。One more time，123。

One more time。It is a way point。 You have to ask that in set in every single set。

 you can't do it too soon because if you do a telegraph's interest。

 So how do you all know each other。 It's like I run to get the girl， right， Nag， nag。

 nag the target first。Demonsrate some higher value。 Okay， then before you start a 3 or or into a 3。

 before you hit on her， You know， you could say， what are you got going for you you know。

 more than your looks， Really， All right， that's cool。How you know each other？Now I can throw it in。

 how do you all know each other， it's just the beginning of A3， I can throw it in。

And if and I'll do it to a two set of two girls。 you think， well。

 I know that's not a boyfriend or brother。 So who cares。 Here's why， because you don't know。

Who what the relationship is with that other girl if it's the sister。

 she may try to protect her sister， the target。And you're going to have to win over the sister。

If it's roommates， you want to find out if there's bisexual tendencies。

You're going to want to check that out。If one of the girls is the target's boyfriends。Sister。

You can't maneuver certain things in front of that girl。 I need to know the relationships。

If there are guys involved， I need to know who's the brother。

Because I need to make him my best friend。And he will hand his sister to me on a silver platter。

And need to know this information。 It's a way point in A3。All right， so C1 is rapport。

The main point is keno escalation。I want to get the good kenoescalation going。And。

Comfort building routines。Comfort building routines really are the same as DHVs。

Only instead of telling the DHV。It telling the story to the group。You're telling it straight to her。

Which is kind of fascinating。 The fact that you can use a routine。 if you do it to her。

 you're building comfort with her， right， letting her get to know you and you're entertaining her。

But at first， you can't do it straight to her because the telegraphs too much interest。

 So you got to eggg， nag， nag her and then。Do the storytelling to the rest of the people or help do it to an adjacent group and merge the groups together if you can get more people involved。

 Okay so she can hear you tell a story。The demonstration of higher value comes in being able to tell that story not to her。

 but to a group of people and get away with that and have， you know。

 and captivate them for a little bit。 Like the skill set that I've developed that allows me to work in front of you guys right now。

 And I assure you， I have absolutely no nervousness stuck in you guys。You guys。

 you're not even hot girls， you know， the same skill set women really appreciate。

 So if I had a woman here， she would find me much more attractive because of this。

 because when you lead the men， the women follow。That's why I have on more than one occasion。

 broughtck girls to my seminar， I meet a girl on day one。And on day two。

 she'd be sitting here watching me teach it。No word of a lie。Now， what's the difference between C1。

 C2， C3？Only location。We call it rapport， we call it trust we call it intimacy really they're all rapport。

 trust and intimacy， we're just growing it and you'll do as much as you have to in the location you're in as much as you can do in the location you're in that's it that's how you're going to do。

And you're going to purposely slow it down if you don't have a seduction location nearby。

 might as well not go off into arousal and start seducing or an attraction location， right？

So remember that C1， C2， C3 are only separated by physical location。

 and the objective of each of those three phases is the same keto escalation。

And come for building routines， That's it。Now， if comfort means rejoining her friends。

Whi are our friends。You know， wow， we're hand holding， it's on。Arm and arm is on。

 I stroke her face and say， God， you smell so fucking good。 Okay， I can't even talk to you。 I turn。

 I shut up。 She reinitiates the chat。 Armmanars me again。And I say， my God。

 I'm so glad that I came out because you know， if we were to relive this day again。

I wouldn't be here again because the statistical probabilities of me coming here。 I mean， my。

 my friends dragged me out。 I was so not going to come here。

 Just a whole series of events took place。 This is like destiny。

 The fact that I'm here and that you came here。And I met you， and I'm so happy that I came out。

Because if I wouldn't have come out， I wouldn't have met such a great person。 you know。

 I'm going to go home and I'm going to be thankful that I met you。 And that's just so twisted。

 you know， because I'm so cynical lately。You know， there's so many people on the planet。

 and so many of them are cookie cutter。 And then someone like you comes up and you're like a fucking diamond。

 You know， this is the weirdest thing， but。I have a fetish。I have a lot of fetishes。

 I'm not going to go into those fetishes， but， you know， sexual fetishes， everyone has something。But。

I have this weird thing。 Let's say you and I were。I don't know。

 Let's say we knew each other six months。 Okay， we're holding hands。 We're。

 We're doing some shopping。 We're at the mall。If we're in the middle of a conversation。

We will naturally find ourselves on automatic pilot from time to time。 and you end up going。

 where are we， where do we just go？And and for you， I bet you the place still' tell me。

 it would be like Victoria's Secr right， And I'd be in there going， oh my God。

 there's too much estro in Jesus Christ， look at this， you know， and I'd be waiting outside babe。

 Come on。 unless you try some stuff on it for me。 That's different。 But my automatic pilot。

 You'd think it would bring me， you know， because I'm a guy。

 you'd think it would bring me to like a computer store or some sort of gearhead place， right， now。

 it brings me of all places to travel back stores。Isn't that weird。

 I find myself in a travel bag like we were talking。 And all of a sudden you'd be like， babe。

 Why are we here， You need like a travel bag。 I'm like， no， I don't know why。 It' just something。

 some ethereal quality about travel bags drags me， draws me in。 It， It captivates me and pulls me in。

 I have all the travel bags I need。 I have all the luggage and bags。 but there's something about it。

 I love looking at them because I always think to myself， somehow。 maybe this is what it is。

A travel bag is like， it' like an opportunity to have adventure。 You put your shit in it。

 You're all organized。 You're all ready to go and off you go， you know。

And I know it's the weirdest thing， but I don't know why it happens。 Now。

 the reason I bring this up is。Well， for the last like 10 minutes， I've been talking to you。

 I look at you， and I mean， you are just you're absolutely beautiful girl。

 but the truth is there's a lot of beautiful people in here。But so I look away， you know， no biggie。

 you know， I've had beautiful girls in my life before， I'm not going to， you know sugar coatat it。

But I keep， there's some ethereal thing about you。 I keep looking back to。

And there's something about you， I just， I'm just so fucking drawn to it's ridiculous。 you know。

 I wasn't given an instruction book on how to be human。

I just take things one day at a time and I'm fucking drawn to you。

And I'd look away because I don't want to spooky out or anything， and then next thing no。

 I can't help but。Look back to you。So I guess what I'm really trying to say is。

You're like a travel bag。I'm romantic， Artine， all right， get away from me。

It's a great fucking routine。That's a nice way of telling her that you like her。

Not going too much with it， making it very unique。And explaining to her that this is because of emotion。

Not because of looks。That's how you start winning over a 10。You like that bit？没有。

Here's here's a situation that often occurs。 There's a two set， two girls。 You know。

 you can't isolate in a two set。 So you're gonna need to bring your wing in to break to turn it into a three set。

 Your wing is a pawn in the no。 It's one person is is the game player。 That's you。

 And your wing is a pawn。 He's not a game player as well working for you。 Okay， working with you。

 He is a pawn in the no。So a two set， I can isolate， I go in， I'll bring my my wing in。

 and the amateur approach is to have your wing run interference on your obstacle。Here's a two set。

 if you go in tandem， you and your buddy go in at the same time， it's like an interview。

 it's horrible。He occupies the obstacle while you run the target， right， Amateur hour。 Okay。

 we call that going in tandem。 The only type of tandem hunting you want to do is with a girl。Okay。

 you can go in tandem。If you， if you're trying to get threesomes with your girl with your you know bisexual girl。

 that's the only time you go tandem and they call it tandem hunting。

 You do not want to go tandem hunting with your wing， with your male wing。 It's not cool。

 It It shows you don't have a lot of confidence。 You know。

 it telegraphs the reason why you're going up to talk to them。

Is because you don't have to talk to him。You're going to talk to the girls。

 your telegraphing interest。 You can't do it that way。 The way it works is you go in by yourself。

 Let your wing hold back， But don't let your wing just stand there like a loser 3 feet from you。

Has that ever happened， you know， you go into a set， you start talking。

 and your buddy is just waiting there。You know， because you're taking over the set。

And it just looks like， hey， I'm the bold one of the two。And that lowers his value。

 and now I'm hanging with a guy with lower value。And that lowers my value。It's a horrible situation。

Here's what you do。 Instead。 You go into the set， You work it like a typical two set。

 You throw eggs at the target， you work the obstacle。 As you do that。

 you do an accomplishment introduction for your friend。For your wing。

 I'm going to introduce you to a very good friend of mine。 His name is Neil Straus。

 He's Rock critic for Rolling Stone Magazine。 three times New York Times bestselling author。

Ladies love him。 I'm going to introduce you to him。 He's a very smart man。And I'll leave it at that。

 about a minute and a half later to three minutes later， style， my wing will come in。And he'll say。

 were you just talking about the。And I'll say， yeah， spells， and he goes， oh， no way。

 what did they say？And it doesn't matter what he just comes in。 We you talking about the。

And I fill him in， and he takes over for a bit。 I then shut up because I've accomplishment entered him。

He then works both girls just for 30 seconds。 you know， keeps it together。 He takes over。 oh my God。

 we outside now five minutes ago。 okay get this。 And he tells the story。 But from his perspective。

 it's a three set。 He's going to talk to me。If this is my wing sitting here， and these are two girls。

 I can shoot the shit with my wing。And these girls are going to listen to what I have to say。

 I'm respecting my wing。I'm not hitting on them if I'm talking to them， Im talking to my wing rather。

 but I'm still telegraphing interest。 I'm conveying I'm rather conveying and demonstrating a higher value to them obliquely while I'm talking to my wing。

You know， your wing is your buddy。 He's important。 You turn to him， talk to him。

 lock her in with the prop， but then talk to your wing。 All right。 So that having been said。

Your wing then talks to the target。Your wing will talk to the target quietly as you isolate the obstacle for a bit。

 and you start basically saying how great your buddy is。Okay。

 he's now going to start saying how great you are to to your target。 he's your wing。

 He knows the hottest girl is your target， even though you were talking with the obstacle。Okay。

 he knows he knows the game plan。 Okay And if he fucks you over and takes your girl。

 well he won't be a wing for long。 So， you know， you build a relationship with your wing。 you know。

 you do the same for him。So now here's what happens。 He then says， by the way， do you know mystery。

 How do you know mystery， Oh my God， you don't know。 He's a guy levitated over Niagara Falls。

 This guy is one of the greatest illusionists I've ever seen。 He's an amazing。Ladies love him。

 This man has dated some beautiful women in his time， holy shit。😊，That was it。

That's an accomplishment intro。He says it to her。And then all we have to do is switch out。

Or I switch over to the target from from the target's perspective， I came in， lowered my value。

 lowered her value， rather， got raised my value in the form of ignoring， ignoring， ignoring。

 shooting the ship with the obstacle， getting the obstacle， liking me。

 introducing a really cool person into the set who then accomplishment and intros me and says how great I am。

 And then we switch out。😊，They see how normal this is。

 I do this for two sets with a wing all the time。Now when we switch out。

When he runs interference on the obstacle just to occupy her， it's going to stick。

And when I start talking to the target。And I start qualifying her through a3。 It's going to stick。

 She's going to qualify herself because I've got such high value already before I even， you know。

 said anything other than eggs towards her。Now in that position。Here's the best part。

 If my wing cannot hold the obstacle。And it lets go。She just rejoins。

 and I turns back to a two set that I can control because I've already disarmed the obstacle myself。

As opposed to if he had a two set and， you know， your your wing and you came in at the same time。

 he ran interference on the obstacle。 You ran on the target。

 as soon as he fucks up and lets go of his obstacle。

 His obstacle is now my obstacle because she is not talking to him any more because he has low value。

 She's bored。 Well， guess what， She will assume that I， too， being his friend have low value。

 And I must be making her friend feel just as uncomfortable as， you know， my friend made her feel。

That she's going to come in and steal the target and say， you know， come on。

 let's go dance and pull her away from me so you can't go in tandem。You see again， two set。

 going alone， work the obstacle， make the target， the accomplishment intro， Wayne comes in。

 works the target for you， accomplishment intros， then you switch out。

 he holds the obstacle in in you homeostasis， you know， keeps her occupied while I work the target。

 who I now validate A3， then turn the other two and say， we like each other， you guys go with that。

Good。And now it's on， now I can go Keno in front of the friend because I've said that。

Kind of a complex piece。And standard fare， right？I mean。

 I don't have any other better solution to handling a two set and pulling your wing in。

 That's that's， that's how we do it。That's a vulnerability story for another routine for another time。

 know when I talk about my father died。If I talk about that for five minutes and it tears me up。

 you know， later on， you C1， yeah， in C1 or C2， even here I was all at first going， hands off。

 hands off， hands off， but in isolation， I accidentally reveal some sort ofulner vulnerable aspect of my personality。

That's a whole story right there。 you pick a vulnerability story。So that's kind of like a good one。

 You know， and hey， I'm not hittinging on her。 I'm actually taking the time to get to know her and。

 and allowing her to get to know me。 I'm investing。You know， I'm trusting her with personal things。

 And in return， they'll trust you。 It's kind of a neat thing。 I remember a girl said to me here。

 I'm going to the washroom， Hol onto to my purse and she went to the washroom。

 I'm holding on a purse going， well， she must really fucking trust me。

 I can rifle through this thing， steal everything。 I could leave right now。

 When she came back and I handed it back。 she was thanks。 I trusted her more。Not weird。

 I just felt like I trusted her。 guy would have left my， the keys to my car with her。You know。

 it just would have。It's you build trust that way。 So sometimes I'll take my hatna。

 put it on a girl say I'll be back。Leave， come back， get a hat back， good。

She will trust me more because of that。거。Comfort is actually not just called comfort。

 It's actually C and T， comfort and trust。Trust that。

You are not going to make her feel uncomfortable， or rather if she feels uncomfortable。

 she can trust that you are going to remove the discomfort。Trust is a belief。

And that in a prediction algorithm， basically， she can predict。That any time she feels uncomfortable。

You're going to remove the discomfort。That's what trust is， isn't it？

That's what it all boils down to and what is comfort， the lack of discomfort。

So it's comfort and trust。We come in。 We're equals。 styleyle goes one direction。 I go the other。

 I start up a set。 He starts up a set。 Then I'll say， come on。

 let me introduce you to some friends of mine。 I grab them， and I pull them forward to， to Neil' set。

To style set when I go there， he's ready with girls， and I'm bringingin girls。And I'm a cool guy。

 He's already done an accomplishment intro knowing that because we constantly accomplishment intro each other。

 I even practice it when he's not around because it makes me sound cooler， You know。

 to have a good buddy who has good value。 And I have that for him。

 And so if we are in the same room together， I can introduce him。

 and we and we cross over like this all the time。 gives me more maneuverability allows me to you know。

 show that I've got cool friends。 I will also introduce。 I mean， what's neat is when you introduce。😊。

Girls you just met to a group of people you don't know， but one guy you know really well。

They assume the whole group is yours。Youing。So I could just say， hey， these are my friends。

 this is Neil。Oh， by the way。 And he'll take over so they don't get a chance to be introduced to everybody'ca it's too big anyway。

Right， but they think that they're friends of ours。

 And that cause I came in with girls and a huge accomplishment intro by style has already been given in his set。

 I can lock into his set for a bit。 I know the hottest girl in his set is his。

 and the hottest girl in my set is mine。 now we can switch off， because， you know。

 if he opened a three set， I open a five set。 Well， when we merge them together。 that's an eight set。

😊，You know， and so he and I are fucking running an8 set from inside two guys。

 It's 10 people in total。 And we can run it。 It's fascinating to watch。 It's a wingmanship， man。

 It's a whole area of the game。How to get good with your wing。Good stuff。

So we have these three physical locations。Any comfort building location， sorry， any attract location。

 any comfort location and any seduction location。Right。We have to。

 there are fundamentally three ways。Of jumping。From one physical location to the next。

There are three jumps。When you understand these three jumps。

 you will know the 12 phase phases of the mystery method， the beginning middle and ending of attract。

 the beginning middle and ending of comfort， the beginning middle and ending of seduction。

 and then the three jumps， the different types of jumps to get from physical location to physical location because certain phases are best done in certain locations。

Fair enough， the three jumps are， the first one is called a move。A move is quite simple。

When you take her by the hands， they come with me and you move her 10 feet in the club。That's it。

 that's a move if you take the whole group and you move her。You know。

 move the target with the whole group and you sit down。That's a move。If they attract location。

If you attract her， if they're already sitting down。You don't have to move them， save the step。

 then you're off into a comfort location because some comfort locations are attraction locations。

She may already be at a cafe sitting down。You know， with a couple friends。

 So you'll just come and sit and join them and you don't have to move。Why would you have to move her？

You can build comfort right there and then。 It's only an optional thing。 moves。 And the other two。

 the all three jumps are optional。You will the whole purpose of getting a phone number。

Is so you can see her again。Now， the phone number is merely the receipt。For the option。

YouSee the difference， it's a metaphor， time bridge。So first。

 you're going to meet her in the attract location。Build some attraction。

 Then you're going to move her to the nearby comfort location， any comfort location。

Whether it's the couches in the club。In this case， it is， then you can timebri to see another time。

And the other location would be， you know， I'll drop by pick up。You know。

 so you pick a up her place and then the next thing is a bounce。A bounce is the third jump。

A bounce is merely an instant date。An example is my friends and I were about to grab a bite over at Mel's Dner。

 You're more than welcome to tag along。In other words， there's no time involved。

Because it's happening right away。I'm here with her right now， and now I'm going to change venues。

 I'm going to move out of the venue， and I'm going to go to another venue。Come， come with us。

 You know， we're going to another club。 We're on the list。 Part coming with us。That's a bounce。

 and why is it called a bounce， because that's what we call it in the field， It's like， dude。

 we're bouncing。Coming with。A bounce is merely an opportunity that you are structuring。

So that the girl can pursue you。That's the purpose of a bounce。A bounce happens instantly。 And。

 and this loop。Here is called a multiple。Venue loop。That's a multiple venue loop。

The more venues that you take the girl to。The more memory she has with you。

And you can shrink your seven hours down to four hours。

I would rather have a girl come with me to five different locations than sit with her in one for the same amount of time。

More entertaining， more interesting， and also every time she compromises her safety。

By coming to a new place with me， and it turns out she's not killed or raped。You know。

 and she arrives there safely， and she's there with me。 and everything's fine。 We're building trust。

 this is really a trust building cycle right here。What we call an rapport accelerator。

So some of the boys online called it。Time bridge。Is known as a dating loop。

Now the only reason it's called a dating loop are you're going on dates well。Time is involved。

 and that's why you're setting a date to see each other again。So you're going to meet her。

 You're going to move her into any comfort building location that's nearby。 It's just a move，40 feet。

50 feet。 That's it。From there can you move her into a seduction location。

 if you can move her into the bathroom， you're good to go， thats fools made straight through。

 the only problem is remember it takes seven hours to go from here to here on average。

So if you're like， you know， you've done five minutes of attraction。

 you moved to a comfort building and you've worked here for two hours there。You know。

 gettingt all hot and horny and aroused， can you move her into seduction？

If you can't move her into the bathroom， she's not going to do that。 don't， you know。

 don't try to go seduction here。Until you can build a solid time bridge。 next thing， you know。

 you know， you fingered a girl and then you go for a timebri and she never sees you again because she doesn't have comfort with you。

You， you're talking to her on the phone saying， yeah， you know， it's okay。 you know， I come over。

 you want to come over and she's like， well， you know， I've， I've got， I've got things to do。

You're thinking to yourself， this girl loved me。 I mean， were。

 I was fingering her for crying out loud。And she was so into it。

the reason why we didn't have sex at night is because we couldn't。Physically。

 there was no place to do it。 So now there's the next day let's have sex。

 But now she's not in the emotional state。She's not aroused。

And now she knows the only reason why you're calling is to have sex。And do the only didn't make it。

That's right， pretty much exactly。 So， you know， if you say to her， hey， let's just hang out。

It's just going to feel like manipulation。You went too far， too fast。Now。

 I don't mind going quickly if you can't move to seduction。And fuck in the bathroom， that's fine。

 that's if that's your option。But if that is not a technical option， you can't do that or she won't。

 you know， you try and she won't slow it down because you know that you're going to have to either do timebris or bounces。

Slow it down。 What is a bounce。 You're gonna bounce to another venue， Any comfort building venue。

 that comfort building venue could be。Your living room。

Are you ready in your living room to move her to seduction？ Well。

 what if your kno escalation hasn't gotten to kissing yet， She's still tense and hesitant。

This seven hours is based on her reactions。Not on what you should do。

 it is always calibrated to every time you make a kno escalation。

We're going to see if she's uncomfortable with it， if she's uncomfortable， you're going to back up。

The main point is there are three main areas。To this game。This first main area is called pickup。

And it goes from doing your track stuff， moving her into a comfort building location nearby。

That's the pickup。Now you have your option。Then。Mid game。Which。You know。

 most of your game is played in comfort。Occurs when I'm in a comfort location。

 I'm either gonna timebri her。 Get her phone number， See her again。

And I'll do as many dating loops as is necessary to accumulate the seven hours。Or as many bounces。

To accumulate the time that I'm with her in comfort。Finally。

 I bounce back to my place and I'm off into the last piece， which is called end game。End game。

 mid game， these are all chess metaphor。You could be a great pickup artist。

But you could be lousy mid game。 And if you're lousy mid game， you will not get laid。

You ever played video games？Yeah， games of levels。Can you imagine playing like a 12 level game？

With no save feature。That's the pick。 That's the that's the Venusian arts right there。 courtship。

 You're gonna meet her。 Okay， You're gonna a1 her， which is open。 You're going to attract her in A2。

 I'll zoom into this。 We'll zm into each one In a 3。 She's going to attract you。

There's a whole phase in making her feel like you are becoming attracted to her because in A2。

 you can't convey that you're attracted or you're going in building comfort。

 you got to break rapport。In attraction so that you're not going in building comfort and becoming the nice guy。

 right？After that， you're off to C1。 in C1， it's rapport building。

Can you imagine you get all the way to C1。 and then for some reason。

 you build a timebri and you never see her again。 you're like， fuck， like in a video game， fuck。

You got to start from scratch again。 There's no save feature。 You can't come back to it。

 You lost the girl。 You got to start from scratch。 The bad news is。

Is that you're going to have a lot of failure。Okay， especially at the beginning。

The good news is you're going to have a lot of success too at the beginning。Now， of course。

 the good news is if you have success in the beginning， lots of success。

 the more likelihood you'll have of having success near the end。But the bad news is。

 you're going to have the least amount of experience at the end。Makes sense， right。

 because once you can get of， you're going to get lots of openings。And very few fomons。 at the end。

 you're going to be fucking up along the way。My job now is to minimize the chance of anything happening wrong。

