# 14、谜男《谜男1.0教学视频》：谜男教学视频 3_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Firstly， I do not view myself as a pickup artist。I think that the pickup arts enriches our life。

 it doesn't define it。And I have a strong identity， one that I project。

 one that I convey when I'm in field， and that is of an illusionist。

That does not mean that you are each going to have to create an identity of an illusionist You do not have to perform magic。

 In other words， the mystery method without mystery is still a great method。

 You don't have to actually convey， you know， say a story， for instance。

 one of the stories that I'll tell during my grounding sequence。

 I'll tell you all about what grounding is later on， most likely day three。

I talk about how the first magic show I ever did。Was when I was 17 years old and I shit a brick。

 I was so nervous。 and it was for 50 bucks for a little birthday party magic show。

Does that mean that you are going to tell a little story about when you were a magician。

 of course not？So the mystery， mystery can be taken out of the method by the end of these three days。

 I'm hoping that you will each have a unique identity。It's a deep question。 who am I， Such a deep。

QuestionAnd I'm really concerned far less with who you really are。With as I am with。

Who am I going to say I am， How am I going to project a an image that is you know。

 systematically project an image in a very short amount of time。Now。

 two thirds or more than two third， I'd say。90%。Of the time spent in courtship with a woman。

Will be in building comfort with her。It's all comfort building。And we do go knot on her。

 knot means touch knot， konesthetic， short name for knot。

 and there's something called kno escalation where you are going to escalate your keyote with the woman。

 but a lot of people do this wrong， you see they do it。

Without taking into account the woman's comfort levels。

So imagine if each step of keno escalation had a way of calibrating to find out what her comfort levels are and to react to it as about a dozen different steps。

If you could， over the course of it's around six hours。

 build enough comfort on average for most women， and you have a nice knote escalation。

 you won't have to worry about having the let's just be friends thing happen on you。

You won't have to accidentally become her girlfriend。

Because what a lot of guys do is when they first meet， they have no keynote。

 and they build friendship。 And next thing， you know， hours and hours and hours accmulatively。

 if you were billing by the minute。Accumulate， and they all add up to， you know， yourre 20 hours in。

 And still， you haven't kissed her。And， of course， going for the kiss all of a sudden will feel very。

Very almost improper because you haven't touched her that whole time。 So finally。

 the kiss is like this big thing。That's going about it the wrong way。

 when you have proper kno escalation， you'll actually escalate keno about two minutes and you'll start touching。

But it's designed in such a way that if she feels uncomfortable， you'll know it。

 You can throw the hands off， do a little back turn。 All right， You're losing me。And by doing that。

 she will feel the loss and will need to redeem herself and start chasing you。My whirlpool story。

Where did kenoesscalation come from？I had a girl in a whirlhirpool， I got in， waited for her to come。

 and she came in in her bikini I'm like oh my God， she's fucking hot。

 she came and sat down across from me。I was hoping she'd sit next to me， but she sat across for me。

 and I felt compelled to somehow， you know， in talk and come over and sit closer to her。 Well。

 she then swam across a minute later， she swam across to the other side。I felt， again。

 compelled to come over and get close to her。 Once again， she swam over to the other side。

 and I felt。You know， I just want to get close to this girl。 It was a feeling， a need。

She then gets up and goes into the pool and swims away into into the cold pool， right， And I'm like。

I'm in a whirlpool by myself now is she's having fun swimming， you know， on her back。

 swimming in the pool 50 feet away from me now。 And I'm like。😊，God damn it。

 so I get up and I go into the pool and I'm swimming in the pool now， right？

So I end up getting you know swimming close to her and I'm up against the wall。

 the far wall away from the whirlpool and I'm there and she comes up close and I end up grabbing her and pulling her close to me and we talk close like that for about 30 seconds or so and then she says。

 okay get off me， pushes me pushes away so she floats away and she floats backwards。

 just floating away about 20 feet away and I'm like。Fuck。So she ends up。

 I end up swimming closer towards her what does she do she。

Gets out and goes back in the whirlpool and in the whirlpool bys it herself。

 II'm all by myself in the fucking pool now。And like a tool， what do I do。

 Well me swim over there I hop in and get back in the whirlpo。I was following her。

 she kept taking away。Now I do that。That's keno escalation makes sense， we have to do it。

 you have to install this knot escalation concept into every single sge。C 1， C2， C3， wherever。

I like having them sit next to me， right， I'll take their hand。Put it on my knee， let go。

I put their hand on my knee and I let go because if I look cooler that way。

 if they pull their hand away， fine， I shut up。And they get negative body language。For a little bit。

Then of course， if they reinitiate the chat， I'll be like，  hm。We hand。And I continue again。

It's so obvious。And it's a fun game and it works。This has been evolved out of the game， you know？

So all these things you have to have the guts to do。There's handholding。armm and arm。

What else did you see me do？Yeah。Sit on lap。And that could be the TV test。

hand holdinging could be the knnot test。We can allow you to do that。

 but we can also say just holding。Hold， how about embrace？Like I did with that girl， right， smelling。

You smell so fucking good。Or， you smell so familiar。Isn't a good one， I'm so pleased with that。

I'm going to use that tonight。He smells so familiar。That's almost too smooth， smelling。Bing。

Fing here。This is Styles evolution phase shift where you can read it online， it's not my routine。

 it's his。It's on the lounge and basically the way it goes， as you say to the girl。

 you notice how the outside of all your joints really have very few nerves。

 but the insides are very tender and have lots of nerves， like the outside here you can grab here。

 you know， and it's very hard。Back here， it's really tender and you touch your here。

 It's really tender。 And over here' see it's like really tough skin， like Kentucky fried chicken。

So you're doing a little egg on her， but here it's just so。Tendder。

It's so tender and soft and the best thing， you know what I love。I well， fuck came。

 I love this and you then take your mouth and put it right here on her and you suck on it。

And you can do that in public。 You can go get away with and go ask like the command。

I fucking love that， all right， get off me。Isn't that nice， so that I guess we'd call that biting。

You could also say to the girl by my neck。You bite right here and if she does。

 you go oh fuck k and you bite her， or you could say， no， no， no， no， no。

 you did it all wrong on Cammer like this。 I invite her neck。Try it again。Hair pulling。

You can do this in the club too。You can say you can thank your ancestors for this feeling。

And they go what do you mean Well， you know， little cats， little kittens。

 you can grab them by the scuff of the neck and paralyze， well， feel this here， put your head down。

 feel this and you scratch the back of her neck。Grab a clump of her hair， the base of it。

 and then pull。 I've had a girl do that to me。 And I was like fuck hurts。 don't yank。 Yeah。

 just pull as you go it's not fucking good， do that to me if you can。

 I don't know not all of you can do it。 Yeah you have no problem with it and they grab the back of your hair or if you can' because your hair shorter。

 you can say you want to hear one of the things I really miss about not having long hair anymore。

F this， it's not gorgeous， I wish you could do it to me but you can't。You lose。W air pullinging。

How about here's a good one。Tgue sucking。Where you say to the girl。

 I could have said to that girl yesterday， the one that I made out with， I could have said， come。

 stick your tongue in。Cause it gonna get S tongue。 Good girl。Second or tongue。

You can do it in the club。And then， of course， that's pretty much all you'd want to do。Yeah。

 then you go， then you go， you know what， I am so fucking attracted to。 Let's slow this down。

 Come on let's rejoin our friends。Arm and arm。Hey， we like each other。 You guys go with that。 Good。

 and then let's shoot the shit with the friends because I know I'm already in。

 All I got to do is build comfort and wait six hours。You know， babysitter for a little while。

T sucking， what else do we got？Kissing。Kisey， good one。Frenching。Right。French kissing。

Also known as making Out。And that's pretty much it because anything beyond that。

 if you start grabbing your breasts， that's foreplay。With with the intent of arousal， sexual arousal。

This is all comfort building。This is all to build comfort。Isn't that odd to think that making out。

 you know， making out can arouse you。 It's no doubt that's the one that's make or break where when kissing turns into foreplay。

 when you start really heavy duty making out。You better calm it down， Okay， so you can kiss her。

 kiss her。 It's this connection feel。 Okay， that's what you're trying to build。

 And when you start tuming each other， you go， you know what， baby。We got to slow this down。

And you're the one saying slow it down。I mean， what a crack， you know， that just cracks me up。But。

But if you're the one who who does that。You know， she's going to be encouraged to jump out of the pool。

 go into the whirlpool， come chase you。Alright， so okay， that's off the top of my head，1，2，3，4，5，6，7。

8，9。10。Frenness 10 right there off the top of my head。 Now， there's no， and we can go further。

 of course， because knote escalation goes all the way to last minute resistance to grabbing breasts。

 but you don't want to grab it。 Okay， You don't want to put your hand over it。

And keep moving because if you grab it， she can tell you to stop。But if you just go over it。

With intent， you know， I can look at a breast and I can， you know， grab her neck。

And rub my hands over her breasts。You know， and then say， okay， we better slow this down， come on。

You can do that you can do that in field。嗯。What else do I want to talk about seduction tactics as this escalates。

To last minute resistance stuff。 That's all seduction。 We're going to deal with seduction tomorrow。

 Okay， I'm going to devote some time to it， In fact。

 but you get the main idea of how comfort is what constitutes comfort escalation， okay。

 or keno eescalation。Every single step you has to feel comfortable doing with you。

If she's uncomfortable， you shut it off。And you wait for her to bring back something into the conversation。

You're going to do one of two things。 you'll either shut up completely and wait for her to reinitiate the chat。

 but what if she doesn't， then you'll reinitiate the chat， but it won't be。Kno escalation。

 it'll just be the nice story ever been to the Hollywood sign。You think。You know。

 you're off to your next routine。So now let's get to now that youve get an idea of this。

 Not which ones exist。 Every single one of these is a。Is it tactic？

A specific routine like kissing we've got。The Ttac routine， remember that one？Tickt routine。In fact。

 I was ready to use the TTac routine on the little black girl。

And because I went for the kiss and I just I was playing incorrectly for a workshop。

 That's how I feel。 that's being honest。I took mytictacs， I couldn't find them。

 I was looking all over for them because I have many things in my pocket stupid。

 so I took them on to put them in an empty pocket so I'm ready to go so I can go in and do the Titac thing。

 It's so subtle and it works so well。Tick tech routine for kissing。 Hair pulling is a routine。

 You can thank your ancestors for this。 What do you mean， Well。

 your brain is a magnificent machine and's designed by millions of generations of success stories。

 Your emotional circuitry is almost fucking perfect。

The ancestor you had that got too close to the edge of the cliff and didn't feel fear and jumped off。

 well， guess what， He's not a part of your ancestor， is he， He's dead。

Only the people who were afraid for good reason。Are the ones that are still alive， and therefore。

 when you feel fear for heights， don't think you're crazy。

Some people think they're crazy for the emotions they feel。

 and yet the emotions were given to them by their ancestors。

 you are the reason your ancestors ever existed at all。

You should thank them for your emotions instead of looking outward for the signs of what you should do best to further your life and do the right things in life。

 you should look inward and trust your instincts， trust your emotions。 Like， for instance。

 how do you know you're attracted to a man。And then I'm off to my next routine， by the way。

 I'll even give that routine is， is a part of evolution phase shift。 you know。

 when when style bys here。St and I have been putting more pieces into this routine。

 it's turned into like a 10 minute routine。It's called Evol F shift now the responsibility of education lies in the student。

 not the teacher， we don't have time to go into the evolution phase shift routine because it's quite advanced。

When you're ready for it， it's your responsibility to find it in the lounge， okay。

 all you got to do is read it， it's just there and then incorporate it into your game。

You get a vibe for how I roll， how I work， you saw it on the video clip， the pacing， the timing。

 the moves necessary。 E phase shift is the same thing where you get to talk to her about the brain being a magnificent machine。

 talking about her emotions。 I then go on and I say to her， shut your brain off。

 trust your instincts， trust your emotions。 Sometimes all you have to do is shut the fuck up。

For instance， feel this here， come close， Good girl， Okay， bend your head towards me。

 good now feel this。 You can thank your ancestors for this feeling。I fucking gorgeous。

 I love that to do that to me。嗯。damn。You know， I'm going to bite you。 Not hard。

 but I am going to bite you。 No night now。 You won't know when。

And the next thing you're smelling you' going， I' amm trying so hard not to kiss you right now。

Go damn。Okay， enough of that。 Where were we， Oh， yeah， Hollywood sign。 Okay， get this。

 My friend and I， we went to the Hollywood sign。 We had to jump over this fence。

We're climbing up the top of the hill， so I'm off into my next routine。See how that works？

That's how I'd love to see you guys stitching this together。 All right。

 when you're not doing one of these。You're being normal。When you make a move。Then you take it away。

 push it away， and continue a normal routine。Look at these ones。 This is what you have to do。

 specifically these ones。Not necessarily in this order。 Okay， because there is no particular order。

 That's why I say， you know， between 10 and know， sorry between 8 and 12 moves， Some of these moves。

 you， you know， you don't have to do biting。 You can go from smelling to air pullinging。

 You know what I mean。These are the main moves， but there's only so many things you can do to keno escalate。

 right， are this pretty much it。大大臣これ。Yeah， I give you hints。And if they don't give it， right。

 it has this if they give it， but it's real tense， I can just say， I never mind。And then go， fuck。

 okay， come here。Try again。It'll be better the second time。 Now。

 we need some guises if in case it really is uncomfortable for them。

 if they put their hands up like this。 theyre not。 That's an I OD indicator of disinterest。

 If they put their hands up like this。And I lower my hands and they just lower the hands with you。

That's good。 That's an IOI right Not only is that a keno escalation on my part。

 it's also a kote test。 It's an I I'm giving her an indicator of interest right by doing this。

 is she receiving the IOI。Is this do I get a positive response to this knot test。

 that's kenoesscalation。Nothing， I don't talk about it。 Yeah。

 you just take your hands lower as you're talking about something else。

 I'm in the middle of a conversation。 you know， I could hold my hand out and say。

 have you ever seen the movie Potergeist， You think it's based on reality or all fiction。

I don't mean Carolyn stuck in the TV。You see， I'm talking about something totally different while I'm doing the kno escalation。

Now in workshops。I would teach keyote escalation in set， In other words。

 I you know assume I'm going to blow up the set and wreck it by saying， you know， hey。

 you know student come over here， check this out， okay。

 by holding her here give me your hands for sec and she gives the hands。

 notice that by lowering her hands， I can tell whether she's you know where her interest level lies and I could talk about it。

In front of the student， thinking to myself， I'd blow myself out of set。 Well。

 it turned out I would never blow myself into set because it was interesting。

 even though I'm talking about it， teaching somebody about it。嗯。Teaching somebody about it。 Yes。

 the the woman would be interested nonetheless。 So that became the trust sorry， the keynote。

 what what do they call the trust test， It became the trust test。Personally。

The silent knnot test is far superior， but the trust test is pretty cool because you get to talk about it and it works as well。

 so it's your choice， it's just a little modification of the same thing。

I want kote in the first minute and a half I'll I'll hold my hand out like this even just to see what they do because if they you know。

 just what does he want， the hand in， and then I can start lowerring。Yeah， it's an inA2。

I know I have to see， I have to get Iis in A2 right before I move on to a3。

 So I have to test with these iis。So that's why I do it in AT。When someone nexts you。

 they touch you and you say hands off hands off， what did they touch you again you don't keep going hands off hands off。

 let them they touch you okay you used to don't make it too much of a big deal。

 don't go hands off man I you say hand fuck it off you know the idea is you want to have to put the hands on and you want to pretend like it's no big but at first you want to use this as your opportunity to show her that hey you need to win me over。

Sometimes if I can't get to some sort of hand holding， I mean because she's sitting next to me。

 right， I don't have to turn and hold her hands。 I'll just take her arm。

I didn't do hand holding with the blonde。I just。My first move was arm and arm， you know。

 Savoy went with her friend and asked me to run interference。 That's why I was working the blonde。

You know， he wanted to run off with this girl。 So as he ran off with this girl。

 I just went next to her， and I went。Good， and I kept my hand on top because I knew it was going to pull away。

 I felt it， and I just kept it on top。 God her used to me for a little bit。Yeah。

 you have to get her body used to you， you know， And that's all you get。 Don't get any ideas。Yeah。

exactly。So all right， so there you have that keynno escalation。 I'd like to see some of that tonight。

No， I don't like arm and arm when you're moving。 I like having two girls arm in arm when I'm moving。

 You know， it's like， come on， let's join me。Good， you know。

 there are so many women in this room that are jealous of you too right now。

And that's my little one liner piece that I use when I am running the rail。 you know。

 the rail is when you you just got to walk 20 feet with two girls in your arm， you know， hey。

 let's find my friends。 I can't find my friends。 Oh， well， we'll find them later。

Right but during those 20 feet that you walked with the rail。

 I'd love to see some of you guys running the rail tonight with two beautiful girls in your arm as you're walking around and as you do you can eyeball every woman at that point。

 okay， eyeball every guy。S， right？These girls do not care。Very much about your looks。

 they think they do。Logically， they think they do。 But in response。

 the way they you know what the woman says and how she behaves are two very different things。

80% of her。SNR value judging circuits are weighted towards survival。For us。

 it's weighted 80% for replication， and that's why hip to waste ratio， breast size， shape， symmetry。

 facial symmetry。Youth indicators， health indicators。You know。

 all those things play so hardcore for our our judging and and in a way。

 I feel bad for some girls because， you know， they have either lower value or higher value。 You know。

 we， we look at them and we wonder why are they talking about hair so much， You know。

 they talk about hair and shoes。And we think Jesus Christ， Min girls's talking about hair again。

 You know how important hair is。From a girl's perspective。

Think of cutting a girl' hair short and see if you're going to like her as much as when her hair is long。

 because it's a health indicator。It's a hard wired health indicator。

 Women know it because they've had short hair。 They've had long hair。 They realize Jesus。

 when I have long hair， I get more attention。 when I have short hair， not so much。You see。So。

For a woman judging a man。It's going to be mainly survival value。Survival value is shown。

By showing that we have some replication value as well for a woman， okay。

 and it comes in the form of showing that we are prese by other women。

So if we're prese by other women， we take care of that and then we have to show we're the leader of men。

Who am I with？So you're going to be really careful with who you're going to be hanging out with because the value of the other people can bring you down and when I go out with Neil Strauss。

No one knows him He's just his little guy until I accomplishment enter him。

 so that's why wingmanship rules are really important。 hang out with cool people。

 hang out with girls。You know Jack Osborne， you know， you know， the kid from the Osborns night。

 Jack Osborne， well he gets in clubs now and he rolls， you know。

 I see him out in clubs in LA all the time， I've met him a couple of occasions。

And and he ruless with five girls at a time， he doesn't go with any guys， just him， five girls。

He rolls in he and it's different girls， he just doesn't care just get five girls with him and then he goes。

 and sometimes his sister's with them in which case then there's real group block because his sister somehow gets way more faint。

And she loves to to herself up and she also has to have a security sorry a bodyguard。

 he doesn't need one but she needs one right so the way she rules is even bigger you know I met I didn't meet sorry。

wa in the same room as Christina Agura， I tried to meet her， but she had two bodyguards。

 couldn't fucking get past the bodyguards， the only way to meet Christina Aguerra is if you have bodyguards。

And your bodyguards will meet her bodyguards。So if you want to meet Christina Guerra。

 you're going to have to take you know， two really big black guys。Okay。

 but this my point is who am I with is all a part of it？And this is the game that we can play。

 one time I had a photographer with。Taking photos of me and people are like they go up to him and it was Playboy LA。

play in New York City now。He had this big， beautiful $1，100 camera。big canon one。And。

And he was taking photos of me。 so people would come up to him and say， you know， who is he， oh。

 that's Mr。You knowAnd it would social proof the room and here I am getting pictures taken with me next thing you know。

 all it takes me is me to open up a set get one girl。Talking to me。Ar and arm。Like，All right。

 you're so。Jm around here I just control the set the set and this guy's taking photos of me and people when I'm in set。

 they would turn and go， why is he taking photos of you kind of like what happened on day one you know like？

Why you have microphone， but that's too spooky for them， video and microphone is spooky。

 having a photographer isn't spooky to them。You know。That's positive thing， it's who am I with？

You know， when when I rolled with。I was in Las Vegas and I met。This Asian1t beautiful body。

 you'll see a little video clip in Mysteries lounge at some point。嗯。I brought her up to VIP section。

And as I brought her up。Jenny McCarthy's husband lets me， hey hey man， hey， what's up。

 come on in to the VIP session， and I just say that's Jenny McCarthy's husband。

That made me valued because he' like， hey， man， come in， come in， come in right， as I come in。

 who's sitting there？Corney love。Her guitarist， Neil Strauss， and Jenna Jaon。And I come in and hey。

 what's up， you know， high five to everybody， what's up and grab a seat， you know， I'm part of it。

 next thing you know this girl just thinks I'm a fucking 11。Like she's like， whoho is this guy？

Sitting on my lap。 And within three minutes， I'm making out with a fucking。

It was incredible that ended up getting her back to Niil's。Hotel room。

For about two and a half hours in， which is too soon， so we played。

 but nothing nothing more was too soon。I ended up long story short staying at her place for five days。

 a few weeks later。So who you hang out with is very important。Very important。

 your photo routine will convey that who you hang out really。It'll happen one morning。

ve got one more concept here when you approach a girl by herself。That's one level of the game。

 Next is when you approach groups， like a threeet。 that's the next level。

 So you're not doing singles。 you're doing groups。 Then the next level of game is where you're merging groups。

 what I call advanced group tactics， where you're going from one group and then merging forward you're mixing the groups together。

 I didn't see anybody today last night rather mixing groups。

 I would love to see mixing groups or you meet someone and say。

 come on let me introduce you to my friends。 even if it's just one of us。Okay because you know。

 Nick was you know in the club and I was with my girl and I had isolated her away from the boyfriend right。

 and I took her aside and we did a phone number exchange and then he was walking by and say  hey let me introduce you to my friend。

 this is Nick。Afterwards， he said， why were you doing this Im like just to show that I have good friends。

Just emerge forward， you know， have a little conversation going。 make a st I。 We do it all the time。

 cross over that way。 You know， I'll talk to his chicks。 He'll talk to mine。 I'm not hitting on them。

 but I'll show that I'm a fucking cool guy And the type of guy that would hang out with Neil would be a cool guy。

 It raises his value。 if I'm cool。 So I go in and I play really cool guy and then leave。You know。

And if you， especially when you're working with a wing。When you say。

 I'd like to introduce you this is and you do an accomplishment intro。And he's a really good friend。

 he's an awesome guy。he should have seen his last girlfriend。

It makes your value raise because you're hanging with a cool guy。Who gets late？

Or what you could say about your wing or have him say about you is。

This guy could slay like a rock star。Especially for you。And they'll just believe it。You know。

It's like， hey， I'all going to introduce you， you know， this is my really good buddy for。但都不一见。

And your value goes up through the roof。So some of these little indicators。They can see。

Some are demonstrated， some have to be seen through a photo routine。

 some have to be heard through a story， some have to even be heard by other people because you know。

 Neil can't say I'm Rock critic for Roing Stone magazine。See all the elements here。

Whatever it is that we're going to do for this creation of an identity， again。

 it doesn't have to be real， It just has to be something that we can convey that will assist you in getting。

This is what we've got to solve。When you go when you roll in。

You're going to deck out however that means for you， however。

 whatever identity you want to convey because not only is the music。

The way you're going to express your personality， but it's going to be your identity visually。

Not only and this is true， not only for a magician， not only for musician。

 but for everyone else as well。 Okay， we need to package ourselves。

 I'm concerned far less with who you really think you are， and I'm more concerned with。

What are you going to say you're going to do， what are you going to wear tonight so that you can help get the girl？

I'm an illusionist， I can blow myself out with certain girls， but the girls， the neat thing is。

 let's say there's five girls。Okay， if I go in generically。None of them will find me interesting。

But if I go in。Specialty， four of them will say no， but one will sayF super， yes。

And then they'll be on and you'll get yourself a nice hot girl who really fucking loves you。

Specializing is a good thing， I want you to look the part。If a woman comes up and says， you know。

 hey， I love your goggles， I could say no， you doctor。And she says， I hate your goggles。

Come up and mention it。otherwise。That's all I have to say。Of course。

 some people will screw with me and I'm like，"la， you're wearing your goggles。

 you know if it's a guy， I'm like， oh caseey spit。なは。That way， when you bore me to tears。

 my tears won't run all over my face。Or when I'm running away from you。

I won't get those white marks here and here。Lots of little stories in it。So anyway。

 you get the idea of avatar。So like when people ask me， what do I do， I'll say。

 I'll get to that in a second。 I'm gonna show you something really cool。 It's related。

 I'll tell you why in a moment。 This is something I've been thinking about。

 I thought it's really curious。 And then I do 3。14159。 and they go。

 what are you mathematician or something。 I'm like， no， don't you get it。Destiny。

Everything happens for a reason， and it serves us。Have you ever heard of nosstrdmus？Okay， get this。

 This guy was around in the 1650s and now I can start talking about nosstromas for five minutes。

 and the next thing you know， I'm off to showing them that I've got fucking ESP and I can predict the future and all this sort of nonsense。

And they get drawn in and then I say， well， I actually do like they go， wow， you're amazing。

 what do you do？I actually do stage shows， like I show people。You know， that the laws of physics。

Are really amazing。 illusionlusion or not， magic is real。

So I got all my sound bites all together for all this， right？I can reveal to them who I am。

 and I'm doing it really soon。 you have to do it really soon。

 They should know your identity or at least a taste of your identity。 I believe in the first。

Min and a half to three minutes。Every single set ultimately should know who you are。

A man can pull out 100 bucks。Flip it and put it into his other pocket。

 Another man can say he's a marketer。The woman is going to go for the guy who has 100 bucks over the guy who says he's a fucking marketer。

Because marketer means money， okay？And 100 bucks means I take care of myself。

 it's physical reality and symbols are much stronger。than actual things like， you know。

 I could put a gold card out sure that's fine， or I can have a wad of cash with a money clip in the shape of money。

In shape of the money symbol。That is going to be more responsive。

It's a way of conveying confidence and conveying certain aspects of my personality that I'm playful。

Just buy my clothing alone。 and I tell you it really assists in opening。

 now it won't make a break peacock theory is what we call this， It won't make or break it。

 You're not going to get laid because you're dressing funny。

But what it will do is it allow them to initiate the chat with you。 In fact。

 I think every person should wear at least one interesting item。 Well， this is interesting enough。

 all women are always touching this。 guysy are always going， is that like a carpet。

 is they fuck with you and then of course you know you can go with it instead of instead of fighting them。

 you're basically going have something better to say。Becauseuse I mean a， it's my code。

 I know the answers to everyone's little jokes。 I've been socialized。 I know answers to him mom。

 Actually， this is from my my great grandmother's couch。 She's really pised。

 she's sleeping on a spring right now。So you have something better to say and you just go with it in your playful。

 but by doing that。I've now been able to demonstrate my personality in front of that girl who was just shutting up and watching。

So all those guys that are coming up in the new moon can they touch it， dude， man。

 I don't know your hands have been， chill man， Oh he shit， you know， bars over there， you know？

These are black nails， not pink， okay， back off Cecil。

 And there I'm able to convey that I've I've got alpha male characteristics。

 It's a demonstration right in front of the girl。 And that's what this stuff allows you to do。 Also。

 the very fact that you're wearing this somehow just triggers attraction in women because they know that you're going to be fucked with from other guys and that's peacock theory。

You know， if you have this big long， cumbersome tail and yet you're still healthy and can still live。

 well then you must be the best。So if you can go through the world， this was just a taste， I mean。

 I I go all out， I go crazier and crazier more and more nowadays， we also want to wear chickbait。

 one interesting item， just something。 none of you have it， an interesting item。Like。

 here's an example that I thought was quite funny。 You know that that blonde girl that you said。

 don't do it。Well， she knew that I was a pickup artist。

 you told her and I could feel the tension from that where they're like， one of them said， oh。

 you're wearing that in order to get people to talk about it。Right， conversation starter。

 and I already said to her， you know， you've already pigeonhole me something like that。

 you pigeonhole me a certain way based on what you've been told。And yet， curiously， she still stayed。

I did hand holding stuff。 We were finger holding， finger and finger。 It stayed。

 It was on when they were about to leave。I said it was nice meeting you。And she wouldn't leave。

She was there for like 20 seconds more and it was。是。Is hoping I'll continue this。

 That's why I pulled her aside。 And I said， I'm going to talk to your friend for about two minutes and then you can have back and grabbed her by the hand。

Hanquiino was on， pulled her aside， and she just came right away。You know。

 even though she knew I was a pickup artist， the very fact， this was so funny about this。

 you tell a girl that I'm a pickup artist， they'll put their defenses up。I throw legsgs。

 they feel like I'm not hitting on them。So they try to win me over。자라。I to I want to create you know。

 an image of the way I see her so she can fill the role。 I'll say， you know。

 what the hell are you doing in this club， You are way too classy to be in this club。

You're very classy。I can tell you the leader of your group， I like that。

 The reason why I want to throw those in is because what if a takeaway girl comes along to go take her away。

Who's the leader is all I have to say。Jo wants to fill the role， so she'll stay。

I also wanted her to be classy so that she doesn't start playing stupid game， you know？

Just saying the word classy， you're very classy。 I like that about you。Anyway。

 instead of fighting against her。This way。What if you were to instead。Check this out。

Instead of going against her， she believes in God and you don't or you believe in God and she doesn't。

 instead just go along with her。For now， okay？Because all you have to do is slowly turn over the course of two weeks。

 and she will have to turn with you。 It is easier to turn a person's beliefs another way this way than to smash into it。

Right。Isn't it easier to have a woman listen to what you have to say？

If she's her girlfriend and you're fucking her。So you're on the same side of the fence looking at the universe and questioning reality。

 rather than on opposite sides and you're fighting her。

You don't want to get in an argument with a girl that you haven't had sex with yet because you're not going to have sex with her。

 nor will you have the opportunity to debate。And change her views if you want her views to be changed。

 if you believe yours are right and hers are wrong。Right I had a now again。

 I'm not out to change anybody's beliefs。 I don't know what your beliefs are when it comes to religion and all this stuff。

If you take an MP3 file， it's like 40 make， okay， let's just say it's this big is the song。

Using mathematics， you can shrink it down to only 10%。Now， you may not think that's so amazing。

But the rest of the fucking world does， okay？Because MP3s are the shit。

Now that's called lossy compression， we actually lose information。

 but what's fascinating is our brain。Can't hear certain sounds。For instance。

 let's say there's three sounds， you know，'s I don't know。

 an oboe and a loud voice and something else。The loudest sound gets heard。

 but the other two don't get heard。 So what MP3 technology does is it removes these two。And says。

 fuck you to the music industry。Compresses it down。That's just one example of using， you know。

 mathematics。 You just remove the weakest sounds， keep the loudest ones because their brain doesn't hear the difference anyway。

 Isn't that brilliant， The guy who came up with that。Fucking millionaire。

And now the entire music industry has gone tits up because of it。Well， that's called lossy。 Well。

 there's something else called lossless compression where you can compress information down where when you decompress it。

 there's no loss of information。Then there's also encryption where you can take the information。

 you can shrink it down， but you can also put a weird like code into it。

So that no one can read what it is。 they don't know whether it's music， whether it's audio。

 sorry whether it's audio or video， whether it's text file， they have no clue what it is。

Because it is so mishmashed， but the guy on the other end can decrypt it with the code and。

And read it。But these kids are always coming up with ways to get in。And then they're selling it。

I that amazing that this is happening right now。 And I'm in the midst of this。

 I feel like I'm this Uber hacker trying to stay one step ahead of these guys。 And I feel just。

 I feel like a crook just like them， because I got to figure out ways to cheat the systems。😊。

Yeah know。Now， don't get me wrong。 I mean， I'm not sitting in a， you know。

 I just want to paint a picture for you。 I'm not sitting in some big room with with electronics all around me or anything。

 man， I'm sitting on my， I'm sitting on my fucking leather couch with the little cutest little laptop。

 It's this big。 No wires， nothing。And I'm working from there。And that's all I got to do。

And I only have to work  three， four hours a day。the高。对啊。Nice。

 but isn't it so you can already start painting a picture of who you are， making it interesting。

 leading her into what's fascinating about computers？You know。

Without getting into the details of it because that their eyes will roll in the back of their head。

 and in fact， you don't want to say the word computer。Don't say programmer。

 these are scary stereotypical words。Enryptter is kind of neat， you know？You know。

 to say that I keep people out of the pie。Make go what。Well。Here's the pie。Pi， 3。14159。

See how there's a pattern。I keep people out of the pie。I keep them from knowing what the pattern is。

Really， what do you mean？And you start leading into it。You see， the question begs another question。

 begs another question， and makes them start asking。I don't get it， wait wait a sec。

 what are you saying here？And then you can add in what Chris does。

 he adds in a couple magic tricks to explain his point， and they're like， oh my God。

 that is fascinating。You know， where you could even do the three and 7。 Like， for instance。

 there's patterns everywhere。 Think of the number from one to fourth。

 first number of the pops you had， you got it。 Okay， obviously。

 there's no way for me to get that information out of your head。

But what if there were certain patterns in nature that I could be aware of？3。Yeah， see。

 there are patterns in nature and you can recognize these patterns over time。

And I have to stay one step ahead。 So basically what he does is he makes it less computer jargon and more nature jargon。

Because computers are ultimately nature， math is nature， code is nature。I can go one step further。

 I'll tell you one more story。嗯。A human being， you are not your material。

 just like Britney Spears oops。 I did it again， is not the Cd。 It's the same song。

 whether it's in C form， whether it's written in ones and zeros on a piece of paper。

 whether it's on a hard drive and magnetic form， whether it's on a tape。

It doesn't matter what the medium is。The media in which it is stored。The song is not the media。

The song is the information， the actual coding。The media is needed to store the information。

 Otherwise， because no media， you can't store it。Or it could even be sound waves。

How it could be light waves。You know， shoot it out， Oopsai did it again out on the laser beam。

And there it is shooting out this laser beam ones and zeros， right ons and offs。

 shooting out into space and oops， they did it again is going off into space， you know， radio waves。

They're still going out。 You know， oops， I did it again， came out， what 99 or something。

So that's been six years。Six years， that's six light years away。

 this information is leaving the earth。 It's already six light years away。Well。

 here's what I find fascinating you。Are not your matter。You are the pattern。

Of the way the matter is put together， in other words， the media is the matter。

But if I take all this matter and I put it up in a blender and put it out， that's no longer you。Okay。

 you， your soul， your spirit， who you are， your identity。Is the way you're put together。

 And we know that for a fact， because every seven years， all this material leaves， you know。

 as you shed your skin， you get new skin seven years from now。 Hey， man， your hair grows。

All the water is no longer， you know？In you， even a week later。

 you are renewed and yet you're still you， so it's not the media， but the pattern。

That makes you who you are。 In other words， what I'm trying to say to you is you。Or song。

Now if only I could come up with a way。Of MP3 in you。I'll work it out。

And so that's another one of the little pieces， and it just fucks with their head， you know。

 bullshit baffles brains，How could I compress you as a song？Girls love this shit。Because it's like。

 wow， you know？Yeah。You are a song。And that story I start with。

 you know what I've been thinking about today？You are song。Okay。

 figure this out and then you go off into the story。 use it as an opener today。

 was within context of being a， you know programmer being an encrypter。

 he could throw that piece in and it becomes he becomes nature oriented， you know。

 where he says math is nature。It's understanding and recognizing patterns in nature。

 that's all it is。Girls have this issue that guys don't have。

 where it's really important to them not to look like a slut， not to feel like a slut。

 not to have their friends think they're a slut。Something we don't even care。

 like it doesn't even occur to us。 But to them， it's this crucially important thing。

And so if she goes out to the bar and her friends see her kissing some new guy that she just met or whatever。

It'll， it'll give her this。 Oh， no， they're gonna think I'm a s feeling。

You guys have probably never felt that feeling， but you don't care if your're friends see you kiss some new girl。

 You just don't care at all。 But for her， it's a strong feeling of avoidance that she wants to avoid。

I recommend going in for a lot of this stuff before you feel comfortable doing it。Like。

 don't wait for the perfect moment to try your kiss clothes， Okay， instead。

Just make yourself a rule that okay， if I'm 10 minutes in any set。I'm going to go for the kiss。

 and I'm going to do it a thousand times。A thousand times is。

Was was that five months assuming you do four nights a week， 12 sets a night？

A lot of this stuff is calibration。You just get this intuition after you're in the field for a long time。

 you just get this feeling， you know when you can go for the kiss。You know when it's not ready yet。

 you know when you can say this and when you shouldn't say that。

 you just get a real strong feel for it。How are you gonna get that feeling if you don't just go out and try it。

 If you go out and just try to kiss， you know， go in into set at some point， go for the kiss。

 go to next set at some point， go for the kiss。 If you do that 100 times，500 times100 times。

 And what's gonna happen is you're gonna develop this feeling where you just know exactly when you can do it and when you can't。

 you will know you'll get this feeling。You will not get that feeling if you don't go out and just do it。

Just do it a bunch of times。嗯。That that feeling is not going to come until after you do the work。So。

What you'll discover after you do it a bunch of times is it'll become clear to you that you can actually get away with it a lot sooner than you ever thought was possible。

Makeouts are actually really easy。I would recommend that for the first six months or so。

 just go out and try and get as many makeups as you can just so you can develop your calibration。

 and then at some point you're going to find out that making out is not solid game。

Girls go out and make out with different guys all the time。All the time， it's fun for them。

 It's like no big deal。And so， and it's funny for a guy who's。

 especially a guy who's new to the bar scene。 He might see some girl and he's talking to her。

 And things seem to be going pretty good。 And wow， these things are going pretty good with this girl。

5 minutes later， he see her making out with some guy And he doesn't get it。 It's like， what the fuck。

 What What happened， Did she not like me or whatever， It's because for her。 It's no big deal。

 She'll She'll just make out with a guy。You know， I've been talking to girls before。

 and the one I'm talking to。 and her friends say， oh， we have to go now and she'll look at me。

 and I'll say， oh， too bad， she guys I have to go and she go， I'll make out with you if you want to。

But okay， and I make out there。 I've done that on Broadway before。Yeah。

 at first you just want to be able to do it， just go out and try it a bunch of times until you can consistently get makeouts。

 okay？This is one of those things that does not get you laid。

 but it really impresses people who don't understand。 like all your friends would be like， oh my God。

 did you see that， He made out with that chick。 And the truth is。

 they don't know that you just fucked up your chances of having sex with her。But to them。

 it's all impressive， right？A2。怖？Your having sex What a good question。 Okay。

 in order to have sex with the girl， you have to have attraction。Which is a2。 You have to have a3。

 which is qualification。 You have to have comfort。And usually。

 the comfort involves a bunch of venue changes and seven hours together。Okay。

 but just to make out the girl， you can do that within the first five or 10 minutes。

 it's really easy。It's amazingly easy， try a thousand times。

 you know pretty soon you'll have a good skill for it。

You can go in and talk to a girl and basically pump up her emotions and get her all giggly。

 do a false disqualifier， Go for the kiss。And you can make out with her， okay？The next day。

 she's not going to return your phone calls。You're just some guy that she talked to you for five minutes and kissed on。

 She was drunk。 It doesn't count。Okay， so what happens when the guy calls， hey。

 you want to get together， have some dinner？She's going to think， well。

 I was already making out with him。 I don't even know this guy。 The next thing is sex。You know。

 she'll get this weird， uncomfortable feeling and she'll avoid it。

At the time that she gives you her phone number， she may even think， oh， this guy's cool。

 I'd like to see him some time。 I'll give him my number。 But the next day。

 she's not in that emotional state anymore。She， she's not feeling that anymore。

 She's feeling something different。 And this guy calls her up。 Some guy she doesn't really even know。

 and he wants to hang out。 She knows he just won't have sex with her。

 but she doesn't feel comfortable with him。 She doesn't feel a connection with him。

 She doesn't feel qualified by him。 None of those elements are there。And so。

She happens to not return your call， or she says， oh， can you call me back in five minutes。

 And then she doesn't pick up the phone。You know， or she just never picks up the phone in the first place because it's just some number。

 She gets all kinds of those。 And then， you know， she never calls it back。 And that's that。

 we met it on Broadway last night。Bep。😔，And that's that。

There's too many other guys that even come along today and tomorrow that are fun and exciting and cool。

 and that she has a good time with， why is she going to go chase you down。😊。

