# 14、谜男《谜男1.0教学视频》：谜男教学视频 1【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Cellphone， I'm sure all of you have one。You can kindly turn it off now。As I'm going to do。

That way we won't be interrupted， all right。Let's get started。You know， nature。

Nature will unapologetically weed your genes out of existence if you don't take action。

And do whatever it takes to build the skill set to attract a beautiful woman。Quite simply。

If you don't do it， you are effectively sterile。Now， all of you here for a reason。

 and you're all here for similar reasons， but there are， you know。

 most likely a great deal of of differences。 Some people are here because they want to have more beautiful women in their life。

 Some people are here because。You know， they want。To get rid of the pain that they feel。

From a breakup。And that motivates us forward to start a new relationship。

I'm going to be teaching you guys today a structure。

 a step by step game plan that goes not just from。Meeting the girl all the way to getting her phone number。

 That's only one third of it。I'm going to take you the rest of the way。

It goes from meeting all the way to beginning a sexual relationship。

That's what we're going to be doing。 All right， In other words， what happens on a day two。

 How do you get a woman from one physical location。

 like the attraction location or the meeting location。

 and then how do you move from there to the comfort building location。

 How do you move from the comfort building location， finally to the seduction location。

There are a series of tactics， tools or gambits that we can use to get from location to location。

 Most people， when they get into this game， they think that it's all about approaching one woman。

 There's the girl。 I'm going to now approach her。 And I'm going to make my moves on her。

 and hopefully she'll like me。This is not how this game is run。 Okay， by the end of these three days。

You're going to go through a lot of stress。 It'll be good stress。

 It'll be like jumping out of an airplane。Pretty much， all right。

And you're going to do it so many times。That while you'll never grow truly accustomed to it。

You will learn to deal with the emotions that take place。You know， they tell you。

 it doesn't matter what you say， but that doesn't mean you can say anything。

It means you can choose any of the routines you have already hardwired into your head。

That's what that means。Okay， you're going to have so many openers，4 or five openers。

 You're going to need many of them， not because you're just going stack them in a row。

 An opener is a routine， too。 So if you have it in your head， you might as well use it in your set。

 What happens if you have to forward merge。You need to be ready for it。

 What happens when an interrupt comes in， It's almost like a forward merge。

You need to handle the interrupt and you need a new opener for that person。

So you will need to get like I have maybe five olds in my head that I use regularly。Right。

 and they are all nonsquiur。 One of them is how tall are you。 Another one is my black nails。

 First impression， black nails。 There's nothing to do with each other。 Another one is。

 have you ever seen the movie Poulttergeist， Do you think it's based on reality All fiction。

 I don't mean Caroline stuck in the TV。 That's it。 That's my opener。 It's a small little piece。

 And then I stack forward。 Hey， let's try an experiment for shits and giggles。

 Think of a number in your mind from one to4。 The first time of the pops in your hadn got it。

 Don't say it。 Just picture it。re。Most people pick three when you say pick a number from one to four its psychology。

Ass a great bit。 Then I can look at them and say， I want you to think of a different number。

 This time from  one to 10。 the first number of the pops in your head。 you got that。

 Notice how I do this from  one to 10。 The first number the pops in your head。I'm popping it about。7。

 when I say， think of a number from  one to 4。 the first number of the pops in your head。

 you got that，3。 Think of a different number this time from 1 to 10。

 The first number of the pops in your head， you got that7。And then， the showmanship of。You know。

 looking into her eyes， What I do is I multiple thread that routine。 I'll say。

 think of a number from 1 to 4。 The first number that pops me。 I don't tell me you got that Good。

 What did you got going for you more than you looks。I mean， you're very beautiful。

 but beauty' is common。 It's really rare as a great outlook。 Energy personality。 You got two out of3。

 It's a good start。 Look at me， Look at me， Look at me，3。Oh my God。

 Think of a different number This time from 1 to 10。 First name that pops your hand。 You got that。

 Good。 What do you want to be when you grow up， Don't say， Princess， I mean。

 you could be anything with no chance of failure。 What would you want to be， A nurse， no fucking way。

 really， actually dated a nurse。 I love that。 I can't even talk to you now。 See。

 I'm going through my qualifying。 And then I can， when I'm finish that。seven。

See you have multiple threatening。That's what we got to get good at， it's an art form。See。

 the truth is， I'm a tribal leader。 I'm the leader of my tribe and my tribe。

 I'm not sure how big it is anymore。 It's gotten quite big。But I am definitely the leader and。

I convey to every woman that I am the leader of my tribe。And my friends are also。They're。

 they're also in the leadership circle。That's， that's。Hao。Each and every one of you。

Has to convey a personality。 You know， that personality has to be。The tribal leader。

If you were to put yourself and 49 other people。 So 50 people on。On an island。

Would you naturally be the leader？If you're not， you're not getting laid。It just won't happen。

Because a woman's。Brain is hardwired to seek out and mate with。The one or few people。

In her small tribe of 50 people。That。Is going to increase her chance。Of survival and replication。

And that will be the tribal leader or one of the tribal leader's friends。That's it。

Her brain is hardwired for that。You all have to be a tribal leader。

 You got to demonstrate that you are a tribal leader。And。

You usually have three seconds that'll buy you the next 15。

 That'll buy you the next minute and a half。 That'll buy you the next three minutes。

 That'll buy you the next 15。Okay。So the first three seconds， very， very important。

A lot of guys have fidgety movements when they open。

And the problem with them is that you're not aware that you're doing them because they're expressions of nervous energy。

One thing that I used to do is I would go into set and I'd be holding a drink because I used to drink。

 and I'd be ramming my straw into my drink when Id go into set。

 And the problem with it was that I wasn't consciously aware that I was doing it。So I go to the set。

 hey， guys， I need a female pen， whatever。You're out。 Okay， everyone has these nervous ticks。

 If you feel approaching anxiety， especially Another common one is playing with your hands。

 I know that a lot of guys will do this thing， moving around a lot on your feet。

What I'm gonna say is when you're in set， especially near the beginning of the set， don't move。

If you're going to do body rocking， and it's a calculated thing and you're doing body rocking， cool。

Otherwise， don't move around。 You'll have this urge to kind of do this thing while you're in the set。

 You， you know， the point of body rock is to make them feel like you're actually on your way out to make them constantly feel like you're leaving。

 And you're not really， you're not really gonna stay。

 But sort of just fidgeting and moving around and set doesn't do that just makes you look nervous and lowers your social value。

So don't do it。 Go into your set。Do not face the set when you open it with your body。哎。First。

Social proof。Now， what we mean by this quite simply is I wanted to know that my last girlfriend was an exotic dancer。

 I wanted to know that my last girlfriend was dropped fucking gorgeous。

 I wanted to know that that I'm publicly known for having dated some of the most beautiful women in the world。

 and I do not apologize for that。That's what I wanted her to know， I got to say that。

I have to throw that into stories。I don't want to just say。Yeah， and I like throwing in。

 and I don't apologize for that because that's just who I am。 You don't like it， F yourself。And。

 and I'll throw that into， you know， because that's a disqualifier， you know。

 if you don't like that fuck yourself。Adapting that for us。Okay。

If fake it tea you make it fake it tea you make it if necessary， Okay。

 if you haven't had an exotic dancer girlfriend， but you want one。

Better damn will tell her that you've been with one before。

Because then you become totally prese and socially proved， the last girlfriend is an exotic dancer。

You know， I mean， if this guy， if we haven't met him before and he says he's a virgin。

 we're going to believe him and we're going to lowerre his value。

 But if he says that his last three girlfriends were exotic dancers and that he's a DJ at a strip club。

 we're going to believe him。And his value will somehow be like， well， this guy's getting laid。

You know what if I told you that this guy here is part owner of a nightclub？His value goes up。

 doesn't it？Just by words。Part owner of nightclub。5 words。 raise this value。

This is what we want to do。 We want to embed things into our stories。

 So the first thing is social proof and I will trigger this social proof thing or what we call the preselection switch many fucking times I'll do it in a story by saying you know this one time this is my ex-ger now but she was an exotic dancer and I was doing state shows so I had a gig down in Miami and and she wanted to work in Miami because you know this is a lot of good money to be made in Miami for an exotic dancer so we decided we're going drive down and you know go for two weeks so she had just paid off for camerro 23 grand just paid off the whole thing in cash and we decided to head down in her car。

Well， you know， both her and I werere notorious for having a high sex drive。 You know。

 I'm not going to apologize for this。 We're on our way down。 And you know。

 we're gonna to have sex at least once twice a day， right。Well。

 it takes 30 hours to get from Toronto to to to Florida。 So， you know， somewhere between there。

 Something's gonna go down， right， Well， where does it happen， I'm in the passenger seat。

 She's driving。 Okay， it's about 130 in the morning。 And we're in the middle of Buttsfuck nowhere。

 We're in like Georgia or some shit， right， And she's like baby。And I'm like， they just keep driving。

 you know， we're about an hour away from the hotel right。

 and we were just so slow at taking this trip right， she goes， babe， I want to give you a blow job。

I'm like。let's just keep driving， okay， maybe if I were driving， it would make sense。

 but you're driving and she goes，No， that's it， I want you。So， I go。B。

We're in a highway in the middle of nowhere and she goes I don't care。

 She just takes the next fucking exit and and it was like exit 151， you know。

 like middle of nowhere and we start driving down it was literally a dirt road。

 no light nothing and on both sides of this road， it went down okay into two cornfields。

 very thin little road okay like a little farmers road and we're driving down forever and we see no lights nothing and we're about maybe a mile and a half now from from the what is it I95。

I9 fact。At one point she saysbe I can't do this now。

 I'm like what do you mean you know this reminds me of Jeper's creepers I've never seen the movie。

 so I'll just take your word that it was funny So so she says I'm turning around I'm like babe just keep going we'll find a place to turn around It's a very small road right with ditches on both ends。

 she goes know I'm turning around I'm like babe， this is a fucking camerro you can't you know if you anyone who knows a camerro。

 they have a very like horrible turning radius right really bad next thing you know she's going you know like Austin powers。

Or the mill is fucking little road right and she goes too far back all of a sudden boom and there we are。

 the fucking lights are up in the air okay， and we've just crashed back into the ditch and her muffler gets bent and the' shit you know。

Literally shit， it was like cowmanure， stuck up into it and the engine goes out and we're there and she goes。

 oh my God， oh my God， oh my God， oh my God， oh my God， I' my baby。Just relax。 okay， we got food。

 we got water。It was hot out。 Okay， It was like we were gonna freeze the death through something。

 We'll solve this。 Okay， just relax。 So what ended up happening was。😊，I well。

 I didn't get my blow job。's that's her one thing。 No， what ended up happening was a。

An ambulance drove by。It was a fucking ambulance， but an hour into this。 Okay， I said to her， look。

 let's just crash here。And in the morning， we'll walk back because she was afraid to walk at night and Coyote's going to get us from a fucking like ET coming out of。

 you know，OfCorn。So we we end up， getting getting these guys。 It was just a group of guys。

An ambulance。 They were driving coming home from a party or some shit。

 I have no clue what was going on made no sense to me。

 They came out and they helped boost the whole car out and we got， you know， to our hotel。 you know。

 in which case at that point， I got my blow job。 But really。

 that was that was a blowjo I was supposed to get at that hotel。 So you know， I'm missing a blow job。

 So you better watch out。 I'm pretty rany right now。And there's my story。

 Now the idea of throwing in now again， I won't throw in a blowjo story unless I feel I can get away with it。

 Okay， obviously， I'm going to calibrate if I think that it's going to be offensive。

 I'm not going use it。 All right， I'm socially savvy that way。 however。

 you'll note that when I talk about the blow job， I'm not trying to get this woman aroused。

I'm not to hate baby。 I'm not trying to make her all hot and horny。

 I'm just conveying that I'm a sexual being， and I don't apologize for it and that I have this hot。

 you know， this hot exotic dancer camerro， you know， who owns a camerro。

 we're going down to you know， to Florida she wants to give me a blow job and I'm like， relax， baby。

 we'll get it， we'll get it。 No worries。 as if I'm in no hurry。

 you see the kind of character that I've just conveyed within this story。

 also that I'm the man in charge。 Look， things are going be okay。Relax。

I'll take care of fix and then we got out of it and everything was fine。Nice little story to tell。

Now， does that mean you are going to tell this specific story， no？

Because you didn't have an ex girlfriend who was an exotic dancer in a camerro。

 This is a real story of mine。 But if you want to fake it， use it for now。You know。

 until you can swap it out for something else， then by all means use it。 Okay， just please。

 in six weeks from now， swap it out。Have something else going for you。 Okay。

 so that's an example of a of a comfort building story or of an attraction based， A two story。 Okay。

 demonstration of higher value。 Now， the neat thing about that story also is I don't necessarily have to say that to my target。

I could say it to the guys。Take the hat off， lock her in， talk to the guys， it's boy talk， you know。

 Gu talk。你能。No，ll be a few minutes in。A few minutes in。3，4， even five minutes in。

 you can use it in C1 as well。It's comfort building， you know， because remember。

 sometimes when you are building comfort， you're sitting down with the whole group。

 you're not in isolation with her， you know， by yourself。

 you've moved the whole group or what if it's a two set。 It's a great story to tell。You know。

 and I'm not hitting on her during this story。 All I'm doing is shooting in the shit。

 But throughout this， this story， I'm embedding into it。 key characteristics。

 There are six characteristics of an alpha male。 I conveyed social proof that I I come pre selected。

I convey that within that story。For the tribal leader， she will find us attractive。

How long does it take three minutes？From meeting a girl to making her realize you're the fucking tribal leader you are not to be fucked with。

And you will have every single guy in that group knowing that you are like Joe Pesy。

 you're having fun， but' don't fuck with him。It may be just a posturing。 It may be just an illusion。

But one of the real truths about illusion is the fear of illusion is real。Isn't that a neat concept？

So you can create this illusion。 I'm an illusionist， and you can create the role。

That every woman finds attractive。 They're hardwired to find attractive。You're the tribal leader。

Starting tonight。All right。Or at least tribal leader friends。If you took 50 people。

 put them on an island。Every possible contingency and social interaction that could take place。

There can be no more interactions other than with those 50 people。

 the type of coalitions that take place， the sometimes one guy wants to leave form his own faction。

 one guys going to become the leader。Our brains are evolutionarily designed to live in a 50 person society。

And that's why the woman is going to automatically find the male who is the leader of men。

Attractive because she'll improve her chances of survival replication if she aligns with the tribal leader and and there's compelling evidence to support he can deliver those goods if he's got lots of women around him。

Makes sense。You need to be the tribal leader。You need to demonstrate it。You need to say it in field。

If it means you saying I'm actually the tribal leader of my group。She will respond to it。

 it is a very attractive thing。You know， if you go to another city like I'm in San Diego。

 if I were to say to a girl， oh yeah， I'm planning on moving here。

That is not nearly as attractive to her as if I said to her， oh。

 I'm heading back to Vegas in three days。It's counterintuitive because you think by saying， hey。

 I'm going to stick around， you think， well， that makes me a viable boyfriend material， right。

Because as long as you're from an outside source。And you're leaving soon。

 you've got that time constraint， it increases your chances of mating。

And then that will increase the chance of you being able to come back and continue this into a relationship because then she's going to miss you。

My girlfriends are not really bitches。 They're just bitches to you。

And they're only bitches for the first few minutes。So we have a definitive way of solving it。

By not coming in and trying to build rapport。We're trying to break rapport。

 And that's what Neg theory is all about。 I've even opened successfully， by doing this。やれ。

But only on tens。So， you go in。You're going to neg the target。

 A neg is a way of disqualifying yourself from appearing like you are a potential suitor。

It's a false disqualifier because if I were to say too bad I'm gay， you'd be so my type。

If I were to say that to the girl loud enough for any of the males or what we call the obstacles in this game。

If they hear that， they're going to be disarmed， I can disarm them merely by throwing a egg at the target。

 Not only do I briefly lower her self esteem， and she wishes to redeem herself。

 And now the challenges is structured that she will want to win me over。But more importantly。

 in a larger set。Like a three set。 I can throw it loud enough so that the others can hear that I have。

 you know， just said some something that is quite compelling。

 It's compelling evidence to support that I'm not after her。 If I say to this girl。

 All right hands off， hands off， is shitdding for free。 know。

 this is gonna to cost you 5 bucks every time you touch。

You will see in field that they will actually want to touch you again。And again and again and again。

 what are you starting a tab here， Oh my God， you must be rich。

And that kind of nagging is very playfully done。 it's a playful statement or set of statements that not only create the challenge for her。

 but again， the obstacles are disarmed。 they know I'm not after her。 Okay， hands off， Oh my God。

 what's her off button Jesus Christ， You know， you can dress her up， can't take her anywhere。

Holy shit， how do you roll with her？And continue。Of course。

 you can't just say it and wait for response because they'll respond by saying， you're an asshole。

So instead， you say， where's your off button。 Hey， were you outside enough five minutes ago。

 Did you see the fight， Oh my God， get this。 Stop interrupting Jesus Christ。

 You keep interrupting your friend。 How do you roll with her。 So why was outside em。

You don't allow her to respond to the egg。The only attention the target will get at first。Is a ni。

It's like popping her around her forehead edges。Otherwise。

 she'd be bored and she'll turn off and walk， talk amongst her other friends。

But by throwing the neck。That's right。 it's done playfully， and nagging is an art form。

You'll hear disqualification theory and nag theory， naG theory is how it began。

It was a negative compliment， those are really nice nails， are they're real， no， oh， well。

 they're still nice。Perfect little egg。Again， if you don't understand what's going on here。

 that's the eggg， the story。 hey， those are very nice s nails， are they real， No， oh， well。

 they're still nice。I say at the exact same time every time it works。

 That was the first eggg I ever used， a negative compliment。

 but it's since expanded to include things like too bad I'm gay or you'd be so my type。

It's not a negative compliment。But it still delivers what it has to deliver。 it disqualifies you。

 so nagging really is a form of false disqualification。

 so we've expanded nag theory into false disqualification theory。Which can include。You know what。

 I'm too toxic for you。You know you wouldn't want to hang out with me seriously。

You know how bad it would get， do you ever go to university？Did you go to university。

 let's say you were in university in your third0 year university， and you got last year to go。

 I'd be the person to go， why bother？YouI'd be so fucking toxic for you， it's not a good thing。

That is a disqualification。 Now， we call it false disqualification theory。

 A nag is any false disqualifier。 We just we keep calling them nags because because it's a name that's ubiquitous throughout the community。

 But the idea of a nag is to falsely disqualify yourself by saying too bad I'm gay you'd be so my type。

 Why is it a false disqualifier because later on， you're gonna you're gonna have an antidote to get rid of the disqualification。

 Like if you were to say I I'm。啊。You know， don' don't get any ideas I'm married with two children。

 You're really locking yourself out。 That' that's a disqualifier。

A false disqualifier is when you say， know， too bad， you're not my type because you're really pretty。

Dude， say that to a check。It's falsely squalified。 She's gonna try to win win you over with that。

 right or the gay one Ti bad Im gay you'd be so my type。5 minutes later， I'll say， actually。

 my brother's the gay one of the family。 These are black nails and I' think。Every emotion。

Is existing to assist you。To motivate you， to em you。To do things。

 to improve your chances of survival and replication， That's it。

Everything you do is derived either directly or indirectly。

As a result of these emotions that assist you in this， well a girl has this too。Now。

 this is where it gets fun。You can improve your chances of survival and replication if you can align with other human beings。

Who have survival and replication value。Some guys， like aligning with the tribal leader。

 for instance， will improve your chances of getting late。Why。

 because he has legitimate value to these women and anyone who's in his safe safety circle。Is。

 just as good。Confidence。Now， confidence doesn't have to be embedded into the story through verbalizing it。

 just telling the story。And being congruent with it。You know， being up to speed。

 you practice it a few a couple dozen times is is enough。 you look confident。 I'm telling the story。

 And if she says， oh my God， I'm like。Get a life。And I continues the story。You know， if they go。

 oh my God， a blow job， oh， I'm like， what， you've never given a blow job， please。

 to bad you're not my type。And continue。You see。That makes them come chase you。 Does that make sense。

 Did you see it in field， Does， is this grounded in your mind， I hope not yet for you。

 You's just like， I don't fully get it yet。 It's okay。 We got two more nights。 You'll get it。

 You have to get it。I have this leave no man behind attitude here， So none of you。

 none of you are going to like go home and say， you know， I'm going to die a virgin， you know。

I want you guys late in the next six weeks doing this stuff， okay， by haughtie if possible。

Women want to align with。A man。To improve her chances of surviving replication。

And there are certain men to choose from。She can choose anyone。Any guy。

 any guy can help or replicate， it's easy。But not every guy can help raise the kid。

 not every guy can help protect her。When you're beautiful， a lot of guys actually vie for you。

 you get hit on five， 10， 15 times a day。And she needs a man to help protect her。

 when she doesn't have a man， she'll take two or three of her friends out to protect her。

 her female friends。 but ultimately， she wants a boyfriend。 It's going to take care of her。

It's less threatening。You know life is pretty threatening for a hawk roll， it really is。You know。

 I have to protect my girls。You know， like my current girlfriend， Anya， I got a protect her。

 she goes out to a public gathering， she is a very beautiful girl。This girl gets attention。

And she's racked。You know， she's banging， I have a crush on my own girlfriend with a great fucking feeling。

Well， I got to protect this girl。And that protection is value for her。

She is going to align with anyone that can legitimately raise her chances of SNR。

That's why we have male friends。Hanging out with my wing style。

Increases my chances of survival and replication。It really does。

 He helps me with survival in the fact that you know。

 to the point that he gives me valuable information， he assists me one time。

 even about two years ago， he loaned me $3000。She got me completely out of a problem that I had dealt with。

And never went into that situation again。Soolve my problems。But that was a real friend。

I owe him one for that。 Since then， I've helped get him late。Yang。My two sisters。So。

We have legitimate value for each other， and we have trust。

The reason why I want to take the time to bring all this up。

Is to show you that it's not about attraction， which is mind mind boggling to me。

 This game is about SN R。You're a biological machine designed to survive and replicate。

 and you wish to align with other people who will assist you in your survival replication。 that's it。

And women have more replication value than survival value。I get my buddies。

 I got four of my buddies to roll with me to protect me。 I got my girl for replication。

That's the reason for it。Right。But for a woman， she can have any dick。 And that's truth。 Okay。

 I'm shooting from the hip。 I'm playing in the field here， man， this is real life stuff。 You know。

 I'm out， you know， four nights a week， at least。So guys will come in and they' be like， hey guys。

 bla， bla， bla， b， bh， bh， bh。 K， what's happening is when you're facing someone with your body that means you're seeking rapport with them。

 The person who's seeking rapport is always the one with lower value。

Seeking report is a low value behavior。And so you don't want to be the one who's seeking rapport。

 And it's the same with alpha males when other guys are around。

 If he's the one he's sitting here talking and you're facing him looking at him and he's not looking at you。

 then he has more social value than you do。So you want to arrange yourself to where you're not really facing him at first。

 And when you open the set， I'll open the set from the side like this。

One thing that I'll do that I said last night is Ill sometimes I'll do a double take because you don't want to look like you're hovering。

 You don't want to look like you're going over there。 And okay， here I go。You look。Okay。

 and then you go in， you're already out。You stilled out the set。

 even if they're consciously notice you， you're just gonna come in and they're gonna proceed you as this chicken low value guy。

 So it's much better to come into your set as if it's completely spontaneous。

 And that's why I'll do this double take。 where its say the sets right here。

 I'll be walking by and I'll kind of look， oh， hey， guys。

 I need a female opinion or whatever my opener is。Okay。

 and the reason I'm doing that double take is almost as if what I'm communicating to them is。Oh。

 I'll just ask them。 like I just noticed them。And it just happened to happen spontaneously， okay。

So don't face the set when you open it。 But then within about 30 seconds。

 you do want to be facing the set。I've seen guys who will sit there and run the set like this。

 not good。This is only for opening， you open the set。And then within a few seconds。

Then you're facing the set as you run the set。If you want to do some body rocking， cool。

 but don't fidget around， it's better not to move， the person who moves the least has the most power。

In the set。Keep your feet apart， about like this。Not try hard。But not close together。

 like you're making excuses for your own waste of space。 you want them to be about like this。

Definitely do not lean in at all。 Lean back if you can。When I open the set， I might be like， hey。

 guys。I'm not leaning into the set。Okay， now in a loud club。

 you'll through the search to go like this whenever you say something。

Does that really change the acoustics in any way， that distance， no。

Why do you do it because you get this urge to do it just like fidgeting？

Doesn't mean you should obey that urge。Okay， when you get that urgeal in， just ignore it。

 just keep talking， and it's better to talk loud anyway。OK嗯。We call this pecking， by the way。

 when you go like this， when you pack。If I see you peck in a set， like， trust me， you're out。

 it's over， you pe， it's over， that's over。Its that simple， as a matter of fact。

 I would say that these subcomations， these body language mannerisms are more important than the material itself。

 The material is just almost a vehicle or an excuse to demonstrate these nonverbal subcomications of a high value guy。

Okay， one example， especially for moving sets is you get an urge to follow after them。

 Don't ever follow after a set。 Don't even do this。Boom， you get blown out just from doing that。

If they start to edge away and you go。Like that boom over。Okay， I。

 I remember having this speech with a student once So when he was in the field， you know。

 a moving set would walk by。 He go， hey， guys， bla， blah blah， they just walk off and they're gone。

 So I told him this speech。 And next time a moving set came by。He was， they walked by。

 He opened them。And they kept walking。 And he what he did was he did what I said。

 He just kept talking as if it didn't even occur to him that they would leave。 And as he was talking。

 he leaned back like this and kept talking。 They got about 20 feet away， and they stopped。

And then they walked back over to him while he kept talking。Okay。

 which is one of the most effective ways for opening a moving set。

 So just keep talking and get louder and louder and louder and just lean back。

And they came back because girls respond to social value， it's almost all they respond to。嗯。

When you display social value， they'll come back。So and a guy might get an urge to follow after。

 she starts to move。 So， oh， hey， so bla， blah， blah。 now he's a low value guy。

 That's not what she responds to。 She's out of there。And it's pretty cold heartted out there， too。

 about this kind of stuff。So we have circuits in her head designed to assist us in survival and replication。

So you think to yourself， okay， replication is obviously important。

 at least according to know your emotional circuits， because if I'm not mistaken。

 I bet you think about sex about 200 times a day。When you walk down the street， you're like。

 what I do her， when I do her， am I wrong here， it just， it takes over our brains。

 We want to think about our studies。 We want to think about something else。 Next thing you know。

 you're in the midst of something academic， something intellectual in your head and a hot girl goes by and you go。

Where was I， so yeah。It it's， it's a subyst。 It takes over a brain。 Well you think to yourself。Wai。

Is it that。I have this overwhelming desire。To mate with that beautiful woman。And at the same time。

 as soon as I say， you know， as soon as mystery pokes you in the ribs and say， okay， approach her。

 you go。Isn't that counterproductive？If your body is designed to mate， why is it？

So scared to approach。And the answer is found in this because it's not just about replication。 Yes。

 you have an overwhelming desire to replicate。 it will improve your chances of your purpose of life survival replication。

 your genes will be passed on if you have a sex drive that's hot enough， high enough。

 powerful enough， it'll make you get up and get out of the fucking house。Now， of course， 40。

000 years ago we didn't have porn， we didn't have the cerebral cortex that was advanced enough for masturbation to work。

We didn't have the intellectual， the imagination circuits weren't there。

Now that's kind of slowing it down， getting in the way， watering down our sex drive。

So if you want to improve your chances of the approach。Just say to yourself， all right。

 I'm not going to touch myself。 I'm not going to masturbate until。I'm with a woman。

That's the only time I'm going to actually do the deed is when I'm with a woman and porns out。

Educate yourself board。But you can't touch yourself。 If you really want this game， you want to win。

 you want to get a girl in your life， Trust me。That's going to really improve this side。

 it's going to increase it。 It'll make you go out more。No wonder you have a fear of the approach。

 obviously 40，000 years ago。There was a reason to fear the approach or wouldn't be hardwired into your brain for legitimate reasons。

 nowadays， in today's environment。That environmental pressure or social pressure that has evolved that particular circuit to fear the approach。

 what we call first minute resistance or approach anxiety。There's a circuit that gets triggered。

And it's there for a reason。And here's the reason。 if you approach the wrong girl in a 50 person society。

And you're not a part of the tribal leader's friends。And you don't know if she's taken or not。

You approach the wrong girl。Next thing you know。If that girl is taken by either the tribal leader or one of the tribal leader's friends。

The tribal leader'， other friends will come along。By request。

Each with a brick in their hand or a rock。And will fucking kill you。And this， and it will happen。

 That's what happened。 It happened so often。 so many human beings have died。

For stepping up to the wrong girl。 And， you know， the guy who owns her。

 protecting his investment and smashing your head in。

 getting his friends to smash your head in for him。And burying you。That has happened。

 It's happened so often that that's why we have the circuit。Now。

 there is one way of leaving a little bit of the stress of the approach。And that is to separate。

The the fear of foreign territories from the fear of the actual social interaction。

See what happens is a lot of guys that go to a public gathering for the first time。

And that's where they're going to start picking up girls。

 But they're going to have on top of the fear of the approach。

 They're going to have the fear of the fact that they've never been here before。😰，You know。

 they don't even have to be humans in in the room。 Imagine going to。

 I don't know if I pointed out a clearing in a forest， and I said no one's there。

 but I want you to go there when you get there， you would actually feel nervous。

 even though you know nobody's there because you don't know if there's animals there。

 you don't know anything。 We have this natural hard wire built in fear of foreign territories。

So imagine if we can go to several foreign territories and make them。Domestic。

WeWe choose four or five different locations that are target rich locations for us。

 and we frequent them。And yeah， I know it's not your stick。 It's not your your vibe。 Oh。

 I don't do clubs。 Look， I'm not a club guy either。

 I just wanted to sensitize myself to it so that when I do approach a woman within that environment。

 I feel like I'm doing it in my own backyard。 I' doing it my own living room。It makes sense。

 doesn't it， It's when way of separating some of the fear， and it really does help。

Imagine going to a place you've been to before several times。 And you I just going there again。

 It's a off night。 It's a Tuesday night heading there。

 and a few of my friends are going to be there already。It becomes so much easier to go out。

If you don't have that now， that's something you should develop， right？

So one of the fears is getting this big smash on your head。That's only 20% of the fear。

Here's the other fear。And this is the main fear that we have， and it's not going away。

In a 50 person society。How many of those are women， maybe 25。How many of those women are not taken？

Are not old or too young， are not sickly are not。You know， unhealthy， ugly。

How many of them are not taken， are not with children or pregnant？Really。

 it's going to round down to maybe three or four girls out of all those girls。

You're only going to have options with three or four girls in your community and 40，000 years ago。

 you lived in a tribal like in a tribe all your life。

 very rarely would you actually leave it either to start your own or to find another tribe。

 and that would be very dangerous。Three or four of these girls are going to be viable mates for you。

Let's say you approach one of them and you fuck up。What's going to happen？At least over the last 120。

000 years or so， we have something called communication， we gossip。That circuit has evolved。And。

If that girl that you just got rejected by。Goes to her local peer group and her peer group is going to be similar girls of age and social value。

 if they're going to be a little clique。The hot girls of the tribe。She is going to tell the others。

That you are not pre selected。And your genes will be unapologetically weeded out of existence。

If you walk up to the wrong girl， you'll either be killed or you will never。Have sex again。

Those are two very real reasons for that circuit to exist in your head。

That that circuit exists ubiquitously in every single head of ours。We are complex， elegant。

 sophisticated biological machines， but we are out of date machines。We're about 40，000 years old。

You're not IBMs， you' VIC 20s。So when it comes to the approach。

Youre going to have to barrel through it。It does not go away the best Ps。

The best guys get approach anxiety。Social proof， confidence。 we want。 here's a simple one。Smile。97%。

 I told you that。97% said smile。 That's one of the six characteristics， a great smile。😊。

Go in smiling。 Don't keep it there，In other words， guys， if they go into a set。

 they start giving some material， They get this feeling sometimes like。Oh， no。

 they're not going to be into me。 I'm going to lose them。

 but the material will get them because the material is the magic feather。

 So if I can throw out the material。And that will attract them。 If I can just get it out， then。

 then they'll be back and I'll be able to talk to them。 You know。

 And so what will happen is that guy' try and rush through his routine to get it out so that he won't lose the set。

 Now， what happened is because he's rushing through his routine， he lowered his value and they leave。

So it's better to have a good delivery。 The delivery is actually more important than the material。嗯。

4our。Humor。Now， that doesn't mean funny。Now the real truth is funny doesn't get you laid。

 funny is ha ha。Playful gets you laid。 Why， because playful builds comfort。 In other words。

 if I get the girl over on a day two to my house and within three minutes of her coming in。

 I grab a pillow and I beat her in the back of the head with it and throw it at her。

 grab another pillow and go bring it on。 Smack her one more time and say， oh， man。

 you're boring and run off。That's not funny， is it， but it's a hell of a lot。 it's very playful。

 okay and that's going to build comfort。是。😊，It's one of these things where I've done this sort of playful stuff。

I did it with Katya。 She became my fucking girlfriend。

 I was making out with her within a half hour after that。 I mean， because I would just bashher。

 throw pillows down， lie in the pillows。And then I've grabbed girls by their ankles， you know。

 I grab them by their ankles and trip them down， right， grab a pillow。

 hammer them and then stand up and go， its so easy and walk away。You know， want to drink？Playful。

It's particquino escalation， you know， it gets her comfortable and it isn't the hitting part。

 obviously the playing， it's the taking away the playing。You know。

 that's where the knno escalation takes place， yes。Yeah， yeah， exactly。

 Just do your thing and then take it away。 if you， if I hammer her and hammer and hammer her。

 you know， with with a pillow， or if I make a move， you know， grab her and put her down。

 and then I get close to her and I cuddle with her。 and then'm more and more。

 more kind of like what you were doing yesterday。 what happens。 They were off。Instead。

 you make your one little kto escalation move， you know， you trip her up， you put her down。

 you hit her with the pillow， and then you're so easy， and then you get up and you leave。

And you just sleep， Where did you go， You go into the kitchen。 She's like， where did you just go。

 You come back with a drink。Oh what you wanted one， well。

 go to the kitchen and get yourself one woman。And you're being playful about it。That's playful。

Not funny， playful。Where does the cocky part come in， Well， cocky part comes in in three places。

 Your opener sometimes can be cocky， right， One of my openers like， oh。

 to the the girl who ended up straddling me for a bit where I went。That was my opener。

 that was good enough。It comes in A2。A lot of cock in a too， right。

 because you're disqualifying yourself And then in your stories， you have a cocky attitude。 I mean。

 that story's pretty cocky。 You know， my ex girlfriend， exotic dancer， I'm driving down。

 She wants to suck my dick。You know， that's pretty fucking cocky。

 but there's a playfulness throughout it as well。 A 3。

 What do you got going for more than your looks。That's pretty fucking cocky。C1， turn the cocky off。

Keep the playful， but turn cockki off。 she won you over， you won her over。Done。Turn it off。Humor。

 okay， humor， very important。 Did you notice any laugh tracks during my sets。Really don't like that。

刚才说的 the youさ。Right laughing whyhy do I suck？Oh， no， it isn't you suck。 Do you know why you suck。

It is a great opener that by the way， it's only two weeks old and it's open every single set。

Do you know why you suck？And you think they go， I don't care and walk off。 They don't。 They go。Why？

Every single set yeah， yeah， do you know why you suck？

Because I've been wanting to talk to you for 20 minutes now。But you mis popularopular。

 have been surrounded by all these guys。 I couldn't talk to you。 and that's why you suck。Who are you？

And that's special because。You know， when I was a teenager。

 my mom used to point out tall women to me， and I'd go off into my next story。And I just stack。

That's an opener， boom， great opener。Do you know why you suck， don't kill it， okay。

 don't do it in every set。 because I still want to use it。But anyway。

 there's like this natural laugh track that happened。You know， where it's they， they're having fun。

There's nothing。It shouldn't be painful。 They're having fun。She get lots of laughter。

And we have something called the three second rule。We'll take a break， surely。

In the three second rule。The the main concept there。全衫。

The main concept in the three second rule is to。Not allow our anticipatory anxiety to， to increase。

By waiting on it， You know， there's a girl。 She's ahawk girl。 She's just come in the room。 I say。

 approach， you go， fuck， you can feel that horrible feeling for 10 minutes。Or for three seconds。

To your call， either way， it's a horrible feeling。It's like jumping into cold water。

 It's a horrible feeling， but if you just get it over with now。

 you're going to enjoy the swim for a lot longer。It's the only rule that we have。

Whereby we train for it。 It's called the three second rule。 There's the set。 go in。 There it is。

 It's good to go。 You don't anticipate any interrupts。 You know， it's not a moving target。

 It's a good set for approach。 If I wait， it may actually disrupt。 The girls are standing there。

 They're perfectly happy， they're not moving。 But if I wait 5 extra seconds。 Well。

 maybe they're bored and they're going to move。 They wouldn't， if I would have come up。

 because I could keep em entertain and then lock em in against the bar。But by not doing that。

 by breaking the three second rule， not only are you increasing your anticipatory anxiety。But also。

 you can have this set interrupt itself and move off because it was bored。And that happens a lot。

 So the three second rule is something we train for。 Here's how we train for it。

It's a decision on our part to say， look， I signed up to jump out of this airplane many times。

And that first time you're going to jump out， you're going to be at the window going， should I jump？

See if the decision really should take place when you sign up。

 not when you're at the door ready to jump。You're here now。

 You're all going to do approaches tonight。All of you。You signed up。

But you didn't just sign up to oh shit， I'm going to have to do you know。

 maybe three to six approaches tonight tomorrow you'll be doing a dozen。You're signing up to do。

A dozen a day。Four days a week。For the next three and a half years。These girls get hit on so often。

 imagine。What it would be like。From the age of 19 to 23， let's say you meet a 23 year old。Okay。

How many times has she been hit on before you？Let's be ultra conservative。

 and let's say she only gets hit on five times a day， which is a lie。

She goes out to any public gathering， goes out to a mall or something， it will be literally。

In my opinion， based on the girlfriends I've had， it willll be about 15 times a day。

 but let's be conservative and say five。Now。Normally。

 they'd go up five days a week because they're social butterflies。 They get good at this over time。

 but let's be conservative。 and let's say three。 So they're only getting hit on 15 times a week。

Truth is it'll be more like 45 times， but let's pretend 15。Week after week after week。

15 times a week， they get hit on。 They start recognizing patterns， week after week。

 month after month at 60 a month，60 approaches a month。In 10 months， thats 600。So 720 a year。

Times five years。19 all the way 23 when you meet her。Is several thousand。More realistically。

 it's going to be somewhere between， you， it'll be around 7，500。

 but let's be conservatives say it's only 3，500。Even then。

Don't you think she's going to recognize patterns to social interaction？

Don't you think she's going to come up with a way to get rid of the barrage of Bor。

 nice guys coming up to her and saying，Hi， what's your name？

She doesn doesn't want to give a fucking name to you。You can't go in trying to build rapport。

 If you do， it smacks of every lovable loser before you。It's called Nice Gu。The next guy。

And you know， a girl who doesn't get approached too often will indulge in it。

Or a young girl who hasn't been socialized yet。 a 19 year old。 But by the time she's 21，22，23。

 she's been socialized。She's had this wealth of experience being hit on。

 and she's recognized the patterns。 So if you come up and you sound anything similar。

To a typical guy。She's going to shoot you down。You know， you could be the coolest guy ever。

 but the eight guys before you weren't so cool。But what if you said the exact same opener that they did。

 hi， how are you？They'll say busy。She'll get used to it。You know， and then you'll say。

 why are you being such a bitch to me and being nice？And the answer is， because it works。

Another thing that Style has mentioned before， This is really his idea。

 is that you really have to come in at a higher energy level than a set。Now。

 it could be a really low energy environment。And you come in still pretty low energy。A coffee shop。

 Yeah， you don't want to come in like a dancing monkey in a coffee shop。But like for example。

 last night we were in a club， it's a really stimulating environment。

 The girls are really stimulated。 So if you come in and you're not higher energy level than that environment。

 then guess what， you're the one who's coming in there to bring them down。

You're the one who's sort of dulling their set and making it more boring than it was before。

So you have to be a little bit more stimulating than the environment around them。 So， yeah。

 just a little bit。 So always come in at a slightly higher energy level than the set already is you see how highway。

Welld groomed generally means specifically well groomed。Like， what's more attractive to a girl who。

 you know， bathes or a girl who not only bathes， but dolls up her hair so much so And she's got glitter on her and stuff。

 It looks like she's just， she's about to go to a wedding。

We just something about her just makes us go after her because she's just just well groomed。

 not just groomed。Well groomed。So I'd love to see all of you guys be specifically well groomed。 And。

 and if you can wear one particular interesting item， did you see people grab this， Remember。

 I told you if this gets touched。 It means she's attracted to me。 And next thing， you know。😊。

And to me， it's like。That's right。 Yeah， and to me， I'm like， if this gets touched。They want me。

You know， it is， it's so on at that point。 So this is really， you know， this allow。

 this is a knnot test for me。 This is， is an Ioi test。 I wait for them to to ask about it。

 they'll say this if a girl says， did that hurt。Really what she's saying is I would like to communicate with you。

It's the stupidest thing to say， did that hurt。It's a fucking lip。Piering， yes， it fucking hurt。😡。

Here， let me get a pin here。 Did that hurt stupidup question in the world， right。

 stupidupest in the world。 But， but if she says it， I mean， she likes me。So I need to do something。

 wear something on。And the sixth one。A sense of connection。You don't want to try to arouse her。

In the attraction location， you can build buyers from morse right after at first， they're attracted。

 they get aroused， and then the next day they know that you just want them for sex。So。

That's why I'd hold back on something like that until the seduction stage， but at that point。

 because if you have natural kenoesscalation， you've already kissed her。

 you've already held her hand。So why not just say here bite me here， Oh God。

 that's so fucking good once you're in isolation with her in your own room。You know。

 you've got privacy。 Why would you give her know a languing thing。

 Why would you language her to death when you can demonstrate her to death？You know。

 what's going to arouse her more talking to her about a time in the past that she felt horny？

Or making a horny for the very first time with you right there。

 All you have to do is do physiological stuff。 bite her neck right here。 It tenseses you up。

 grab the back of her hair， pull it。 It feels really good。 It gives you goosebumps。 right。

 These are built in to all humans。 It's physiological。 It comes from， you know， back when we were。😊。

Kittens， you know， grab this scuff of the neck。你有 you know。Get all paralyzed。 Well。

 we have that built into us dogs when they're fucking each other， you know。

 the male dog will bite the mane of a female and she'll paralyze。It' builtil in。

Let's use that to advantage， you know， or just say stick your tongue out and start playing with their tongue with your tongue nice and soft。

 But by saying， stick your tongue out。 she goes， why stick your fucking tongue out woman。Good girl。

Second or to， that's far more， you know， appealing to her and authoritative on your part。

But other things for connection I used yesterday。I said to the black girl。You know。

 I wasn't given an instruction book on how to be human。 I'm just taking things one day at a time。

 And I don't know why， but I feel。I feel very drawn to you。It's good enough。

And I held her at one point， and I said， this is good。 And she said hugging， and I said， no。

This is good。She goes yeah。Now we call it the game。Because that's just merely a metaphor。

 It's a metaphor that empowers us to not feel the brunt of rejection that takes place。

 girls can be pretty damn hardcore， you know， especially when they're grouped together and protecting each other。

And we come in， we can even come in trying to be nice。Hi， what's your name？We're busy。Hey。

 like your shoes。 Where'd you get them， My boyfriend bought them for me。 Do you mind we're talking。

This is normal。This is how women will treat you so we call it a game so that we can just play it like a game for the first 10 minutes。

 But as soon as she starts liking you and giving you indicators of interest。

 and then you can find out about her。And you， hopefully encourage her to demonstrate some form of higher value so you can then indicate your interest to her。

Once that mutual transaction has taken place of information。You will legitimately like each other。

 and there's nothing more rewarding than having a woman like you。

 you're going to like them more just because they've got great taste in men and they choose you。

It's no longer a game from that point on， so the game metaphor no longer holds。From that point on。

 it's not about manipulation or gaming the girl， it's about actual natural processes that take place in the development of all。

Loving relationships。And just because you know the step by step process does not mean that it holds no value anymore。

I need。If you convey these six characteristics， if you can embed these six characteristics。

Anywhere in well basically， if you can convey these six characteristics within the material that you use in A2。

 A3， C1。She will find you really attractive， See some of them will build enough attraction for her to want to get to know you。

And once and then some of them， you can throw off into into C 1 because now that you like each other。

 social proof。Confidence， smile， humor， well groomed， pretty much all that is。Is you know A2， right？

But connection， that is really a C1。 And you want to make her feel like， wow， this was special。

 You know， Oh my God， I wasn't even going to come out tonight。It's the weirdest thing that， you know。

 when I first met you， your first impression kind of sucked。 so I wasn't really。

 I wasn't nervous talking to you， but now that I get to know you and find out， you know。

 you're fucking incredible， I'm actually nervous and she goes， why are you nervous and said， well。

 because you just came， you just became important to me。You know， I don't know how you did it。

And I love telling her or stuff like that， like I don't know why， I don't know why I feel this way。

Don't get logical to death， tell her a lot of mysterious， I'm drawn to you， why？I don't know。

I wasn't given an instruction book on how to be human。You know， this isn't rocket science。

 I don't know。Which is crazy because I used to always language them to death， you know。

 give them lots of reasons。You know。None of that is needed with the woman。

This is this is a game that you can learn。You have to know that。 And for a lot of people， they go。

 yeah， but what about it looks and all this， Listen， it's a game。Is like a game of chess。

This game is like a game of chess。It's very strategic。

 and while our emotions do get involved and you get approach anxiety。

 I'm going to teach you why approach anxiety will not go away。

 A lot of people are looking for confidence， right， That's sort of what they're out to gain。

 If I only had more confidence， then I could approach women that doesn't happen。 You know。

 the best POAs in the world do not have confidence。They have competence。

 and that's a hell of a lot better to have than just confidence。

 given the choice if you're on a motorcycle， you're riding a motorbike。

 What would you rather have competence and a healthy fear of the bike。

Or would you rather have confidence？So we focus on competence here and some of the best PUAs。

 they're scared Chless。To approach。I'm one of them。I loved this game and I hate it at the same time。

It's scary to， to approach a group of people you've never met before。

 It's scary to go to a public gathering， even just a foreign territory。

 even if there were no people there， it would be scary to go to a new territory。

 So you add that on top of the fact that you're going to now meet a bunch of strangers。😰。

Add to the fact that you're going to be meeting a bunch of strangers。

 Some of them are going to be men。 Some of them are going to be bigger than you。

 And you do have an ulterior motive of you know， chatting up the lovely ladies he's with。

This can put you in a compromising position。But within the mystery method， there is a solution。Well。

 there's no such thing as extra effort。Like what a lot of people do is， you know， they'll。

 they'll get their game up to speed on  sevens and 8s。 And then when a 10 comes along， they're like。

 okay， I really got to pull out the guns on this girl。 right， And so they'll be like， okay。

 there's this new piece that I recently learned that would be fucking perfect for this girl。No。

You if you're trying something new， do it on a set that doesn't matter， okay。When， when。

 when a 10 comes along， just stick to your material， man。

 stick to the material that you got up to speed。 You know。

 about 80% to 90% of my typical of a typical set will be tried and true material。

 and I' have like 10%。You，10 to 20% sometimes will be new material I'm throwing in。

 or I'm just winging it to see if something new will come out of it。On a10。

 100% stock is in the can rather， okay and I'm not going to try and test new material on a girl who is worth it for me。

you'll only need like 50 gambits in order to run a set all the way to Fmonty。Okay。

 but you'll need a good 300 gambits to handle the dynamic social interactions of all potential sets so that you can win everything。

Because you won't know what you're getting。 You know， at one point。

 I think you were with me on this one。 At one point， there was some stuff going on。

 And I didn't know how many sets were in there， who I'm gonna to approach。 And I just went。

 all right， I'm just going go in。Because we have to be more reactionary。

 I don't have it all assessed。 I'm going to go in。 And as I'm getting information。

 I'll start calibrating to it。 You know， and that's how I opened up that two set with blonds and got them fighting for me。

 It was really nice。 It was really fun。😊，A tin or a green。 you will open with the egg。 Like。

 I've opened girls like this。Do you know why you and I will never get along？We're too similar。

You won't take my shit， I won't take your shit。 What funds that。I mean。

 if I were in a room with myself for too long， I'd pull my hair out of my head。Basically。

 what I'm trying to tell you is if hanging out with you I'd be bald。

That is a great way of initiating the chat with tent。

You're opening with nagging Another one that's new a relatively new one。

 which is working really well is， do you know why you suck。Great fucking opener。

 Do you know why you suck because you've been surrounded by all your friends for the last 20 minutes。

 and I've been over here wanting to meet you。 I don't know why yet。 I mean， you're very pretty。

 but beauty's common。YouI wanted to find out that there was more to you than E CI。Yet。

 you're mispopular， surrounded by all your friends。 And I can't fucking meet you。

 And that's why you suck。So who the hell are you？Well， I'm Jesse。And that's special because。

Was a great opener on a tent。 Notice how on an 8 you can blow yourself out。You know， because。

You know，Ts never get treated this way。Only by daddy。And by the boyfriends。

So you come in like this and you have instantly conveyed that you must be getting laid。

Because no man comes in and disqualifies like this。You know， do you know why you suck？

What a great way to open a set。You just did that to let's say a three or four set right to the target。

Yep。Because it's entertaining to the rest of them and disms them and we'll get into A2 in a sec。

How to create attraction。Point， though， is。The greens Y egg three times， let's say， Okay。

 the yellows Y egg once。And the reds you never Nick。

Most guys have a problem that they're not expressive enough with their facial expressions and with their vocal penality。

And so I end up having to tell students。 I ended up having to give the same speech 10 times on every boot camp。

 Look， you need to be more expressive with your face and more expressive with your vocal。

 You want to use pausing。And have a certain， like rhythm to the way that you speak。

