# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第二季：把妹达人第二季 03(中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously on the pickup artist the eight remaining students met some lovely ladies simply approach them and make conversation I was ready to talk to some amazingly gorgeous women bingo。

And he guys got their first lesson from mystery we need something different we need something indirect it was like being given to secrets to the universe armed with new skills the men took to the field。

Where Brian's fun attitude won him the field test was video。

And the first elimination ceremony proved to be Kevin's last。

You were completely unaware of the discomfort that you were creating。🎼Tonight。

 the remaining men face off in a crazy reward challenge。 I'll tell you。

 I'm never at a nurse like that。🎼And a familiar face our wing man because return to excite the guys for a night on the town。

😊，If go sit up there。They just walked away in the middle of me talking to two men have been eliminated now seven remain。

Whose game will end tonight？It's game up。🎼One man has discovered the secrets of attraction and has become the world's most famous pick up artist。

 His name is mystery known the world over。 he and his team will teach these secrets to 9 men with0 gain。

 transforming lives and turning lovable losers into irresistible ladies men。😊。

🎼W will become the next pick up artist。Hebody。都好。I think the feeling in the room when Carl walked back meaning Kevin was going home was shocked Nobody expected Kevin to be the one going home Kevin was the guy when I first got in was like I think Kevin's going be final he going he said I barely need too like Com that close to elimination is really lit a fire under my ass。

Wow， just like that man， just like that that。 they almost have more reason to get rid of me than they did to get rid of Kevin。

I can't be in that final two again。🎼Do。t a call from mystery today。

He said that we're going to be stopping by and medical office and I was very like confused like what could a doctor provide me that will actually help me increase my ability to attract one。

 hey guys， heyy hey。Welcome to the Medical Institute of Arizona。

Here's a science to attraction when you approach a woman for the first time。

 your body can potentially cause some problems， sweaty palms， shortness of breath， racing heartbeat。

Have you ever experienced any of these symptoms these outward symptoms of your inners？

Will really affect your game when it comes to interacting with women。I want you to meet Dr。 Sherlin。

 he is an expert in biofeedback。Sir， thank you， do you have any advice that may help these gentlemen remain calm in high stress situations？

And do， two fundamentals of biofeedback that are most important for you to remember when getting a stressor。

Regulate your breathing and to warm your hands。Today。

 I'm going to show you how to use your mind to control your body。This here is a biofeedback machine。

 doctors use it to test your body temperature， your heart rate。

 which fluctuates based on how tense you are。Today you'll be connected to this machine and tested on how well you can control your vitals in the presence of an external stimulus。

The winner of today's reward challengellenge will be allowed to sit in the surveillance truck with Mattador Tara and I and watch the others during the next field test。

 it's a good education。All right， we're going to get started in a few minutes。

 so wait here and let's see if you can keep your cool。🎼Yeah。

It was an interesting experience he straps us into all these crazy diodes and things coming off our head and I felt like I was going to get a frontal lobotomy it was strange nice round。

 slow breaths This is Matt's breathing in a relaxed state， things look calm normal。Nice， warm hands。

Let's see how he does once an external stimulus is introduced。🎼Hi！

Hello how are you very good Look at Matt's heartbeat it's increased dramatically My name is nurse Samantha。

Can he control his body's response that's what we're looking for This isn't going to hurt one bit okay？

You wasn't expecting that。I still doing okay， I am。Coming up。The guys try to keep their cooled。

 isn't going to hurt one bit okay？And last season's winner is back to teach the guys and help them face their fears I feel like like my nervousness is getting the best of me。

You're waiting。The longer that you wait， the more anxiety and the more stress can get built up。

🎼I have no idea what to expect。This isn't going to hurt one bit， okay？🎼All right。

All of a sudden a nurse comes in and I'll tell you I've never had a nurse like that。

His heartbeat has just gone look at this go I'm trying to think how am I going to play this am I going to focus on her or am I going to focus on the breathing I ended up looking like a goldfish because I was。

Because I focused on the breathing。See like broze seems like it is my professional opinion that this man is definitely straight。

Am I going to be watching any videos？Here's Brian， it looks very Zen right now。

 he looks like in a very Zen place for long。remember to use your biofeedback techniques。系版凉。

How are you feeling。Comfortable。🎼哈哈哈。😊，🎼し。Its like， hii。

I shut my eyes because I was imagining that Samantha had a dog face。

 so her face was a dog with whiskers coming out so I would think like ohh。

 like I'm not attracted to her but in reality。She's like WOWWow。

Notice the correlation between where his eyes focus on and the speed at which his heart beats。哈哈。

🎼おがざいま。Do you like Guan？🎼你好 right。And there's Ryan。🎼系系はい。然后。Be。His heartbeat is increasing。

 there it is， he looks nervous， looks like he's sleeping， you can't pick up a woman sleeping I wish。

I almost wanted to let out a nervous laugh or whatever。

 but I think I did a pretty good job of maintaining my composure。

But according to the biofeedback machine。Not so much。All right， Carl getting all hooked up。

 he's looking calm。Collected。🎼还卡上。🎼はい。Stay calm， Carl， you can do it。

I knew that I had to keep in my head just like okay like I'm not going to let this affect me I got a little bit nervous when she started taking off her clothes but not so much I mean we've all seen it on TV and everything Look at the heartbeat go boom boom boom like blonds。

🎼嗯。🎼Have a good one。🎼不痛。Greg's seen boobs before in the past， hasn' he hopefully？🎼Love your hair。

A feeling okay？🎼Yeah。Come on， Greg， keep us together。🎼。Wow， look at this， he's keeping his cool。

 he's keeping everything under control， he's not doing this。Right。

He looks very calm smiling in his car。And next is Todd Todd。🎼H。ItsCom so far。

 although his heartbeat has increased， the whole time I was trying to look through her and look past her。

 I just kind of reverted back to my old place。I mean。

 come on nurseantha was hot I like his he's one of the only man who was smiling smiling。

 you know he's radiating warm really handsome。🎼ああた。

She kept bending over to pick up the electrode to put it back on my head。

 I think that it was pretty obvious that I still got a little flustered。

Simimeon's breathing is deep and normal。🎼S0。はい。Com me Han。🎼So doO。🎼Yeah。

He's not finding this fun at all， this is not a fun moment Let me bracelet。Lish shorts。

I was trying to actually win this reward challenge and here I am We love you piercing Whoa wait you know。

 like this sexy girl is touching me and one of my own right here see？

I'm trying to like you know keep myself in check and it's just totally not working Do you like my outfit？

Not really This guy is not having fun at all， we put him in a stressful situation。

 if he doesn't get into that truck he may lose。🎼Thank you， Sp。Have a good day， Simeon。

Who here didn't get aroused in that manner？Fers。All right， I've examined the results。

The person who won the challenge。Ultimately， also looked。Calm， cool and collected as well。

 congratulations。Greg， you have won today's reward Cha。🎼I want。😊，Greg， at the next field test。

 you're hanging with us in the surveillance truck that'll definitely give you a leg up。All right。

 gentlemen， I'll see you later on at the house for your next lesson。 thank you。Coming up。

The guys hit the club to show mystery their new skills Have you ever heard of of love？

🎼unfortunately the club hits back right back I promise。先輩？See， you should take the whole groo back。

And later in an elimination shocker， my plan was to send you home this week one man's safety means another's demise and this changes the social dynamic。

The reward challenge was not to go camping。 we didn't need to pinch a tin down there。

 right I was like don't smile， I'm not trying to look at you。Otherwise。

 you'll give me like a winnerner。I'm trying to avoid it。Ben， can you come join us in a living room？

Aymen。You guys ready for the next lesson， grab yourselves a seat。Today in the reward challenge。

 some of you were able to control your bodies， others， not so much。

It is so important to be self aware of your physical being these things are just as important as what comes out of your mouth。

Today's lesson is about body language， and today I've brought a very special guest。

You may remember him the winner of last year's the pickup artist， my good friend， our wingman。Cosmo。

A master pickup artist。他s。He's kind of a legend， here was somebody that we watched last year grow from exactly where we are to what we're aspiring to be。

As a celebrity and he's this guy that he has all the knowledge and I can learn so much from him。

Oh guys， hey， nice， nice。My name is Cosmo and I am the winner of last season's pickup artist I'm living my dream right now I travel around the world to teach this to other guys I couldn't talk to women。

 that was my problem for 21 years man just open your mouth don't be scared to experiment is really has impacted a lot but the most important thing that I learned it is not just about picking up women is about building a life。

I know how you guys feel I was like you guys last season and now I'm traveling around the world picking up beautiful women and I'm happy the way he explaineds his life is the way I want my life to be。

Cosmo's here to help you practice today's lesson about body language Sometimes when you're in a loud club or noisy environment。

 the only way you can effectively communicate with women is through your body language。

 using the skills I'm about to show you you should be able to get a woman interested in you without ever saying a word。

All right， let's get to work。He， we are going to engage in lesson number two。

 which is body language Monkey， listen on for a second。

 we were probably so poor in the field that we pretty much have to rework our entire way of doing things send it out。

Did you feel me like？First thing I'm going to go over is over the shoulder okay。

 if you guys are right here right two girls， what's up， you know the other day I wasoo。

 how do you feel right now like you're in my space right now？

🎼How do you feel right now when I'm talking to them over here Hey。

 we'll stop Ra join you in a second Like it's a casual coat。 You see， look。

 for me to give you anything you have to work for it， right。

 Some of the points they covered I realized I've never done in a social situation。

 it's gonna to be a huge thing for me to get over like this， you know。Too much leaning。

I feel very nervous for this next field test but if I can't even open to a set。

 I'm going to be one of the worst ones Next bullet point gentlemenman。

 body Rocking if I'm over the shoulder。I can lean in。

 whisper something or yell something to them in a loud club and then come out again that's an FTC that is nonverbal The biggest thing is using your body like the stuff that these guys have thought of is brilliant the longer I stay here the more successful I'm going to get。

If you have a current emotional state that's nervous。

 then all these things are going to manifest out of nowhere， things like talking too fast。

 fidgety hand movements that you particularly do， Si。

All my life I've been the guy who talks with his hands when it comes to approaching women I'm sure that it probably throws off a very nervous vibe So we're talking talking we're talking So remember a current emotional state I want you to look happy I want you to throw it over the shoulder Okay I was in Washington D last week and I was on patio Okay you're consistently afraid to look at us creeps us out Okay so if your hands were like this and your energy level matches ours won't wear us out and it open again Hey guys。

🎼One movie is this from cut You're leaning in。 You know。

 a guy leaning in and talking fast and using his hands。

 the concept criticism has started to get to me a little bit。 I feel a lot of pressure。

 but I got to find a way to break out of it， try to get。

I' little B no restaurant This burrito is so good。 Look， these women are human。

 Can you believe that women are going to die one day just like you？

🎼So it's just like easy now then I don't want you to think that you're gonna get over something Like I always feel nervous。

 but I'm dealing with it。 You know， I know what they're going to do。

 And there's a lot of potential in a couple of students I see。

 This is really gonna to change their life。 They have no idea what they're in for。 No idea。

Maadaor said that that you're struggling with something I feel like like I'm behind everybody else seems to be like more relaxed and like my nervousness like is kind of getting the best of me like I'm still kind of scaring girls away let's not talk about women right now let's talk about like I want to know who you are behind all this All right without you know like that was always a spawny kid who get picked on on school dude and like really little self-esteeem and a few years ago I looked down my car for a few months this my God like this is everything to me like I need these I need to learn how to put this all together right I feel like you should definitely。

Slow down stop doing things just let it happen you are allowed to let it go my biggest tip for you is to embrace who you are。

 give yourself the permission to look in a mirror and say damnamn， I'm good looking。

I feel for them in security it's hard， it's not easy。

 but have to defeat your demons keep and all right no matter what happens， dude。

 I'm going to keep going dude， thanks a lot love Much love to you too。

I feel a lot of pressure heading into tonight's field test and definitely going to keep in mind everything I learned from Cosmo Anyone ask me how I feel how do you feel Cosmo？

How do you feel？🎼来点 pillow给。🎼まかで。All rightYes， like we're ready， let's like let's do this。

Let's go kick some almond nutss I'm making ask myself who cares？

How you speak with your body is just as important as the words that come from out of your mouth tonight I'll be looking to see how well they use their body language to open and hold a group of people in conversation the student who demonstrates the most consistent high value body language will be safe from elimination。

Tonight's challenge is about using your body to communicate with a woman。

It's game on I feel a lot of pressure because we've learned so much more。

 the expectations are going to be that much high。Coming up。

Some students weren't paying attention in class you're the Charlotte。No， that didn't go so hot。

 they just walked away in the middle of me talking to him。

And one man's failure in field sends him packing it game over。

Tonight's challenge is about using your body to communicate with a woman。

The contestant who demonstrates the best body language and then ultimately isolate your target into a private location will be granted immunity from the next elimination。

 Greg， since you have won this week's reward challenge。

 you get to watch all the action in the surveillance struck with us until it's your turn。

It's Game on。Brian， he's a big smile， we love it。🎼ulation。He's happy， he's warm， he's playful and。

A nice false time con。She's giving him a condom， that's an IOIlor。あ。

I've got to get credit that but you got to build up to that well technically he did pick her up。

What I would do with you， I take you on。I dip in hot chocolate。T sliced tomato after。🎼This。

I've got to go for my friends on that media。🎼一がすべ。I love this guy。Brian did body rock。

 he did not lean in。And great current emotional state。🎼can just。🎼B。As it go。

He's coming in and giving love to the room。 Here's Ryan。I like to see him smiling between sets。

 this is a smile。パンじク。You guys know the Kelvis died of terrorro。

Not here right now right when he's throwing that you body rock out。🎼頑めのべ。

He's keeping the entire set engaged at this moment。alk in。

 take them somewhere Would I like to talk a little more I get。Gos little spot over in the BV。Sure。

 you should take the whole group back。Right back， I promise。🎼F， have a good night。

He could have blocked in， he could have taken them back if he would have taken the whole roof。

When the whole group of girls were giving me all those iOSOIs。

 it helped erode some of the old memories of girls engaging me only because they were just messing with me。

 ultimately that didn't work out too well。And here comes Todd with his usual swagger。

Te me to interrupt your conversation， would you ever date a guy named Herrman。

 I' onlyt have a second。He threw in a nonverbal， false time constraint with that motion that he just did with his body。

🎼Sara。Sit up there， check on the aquarium。Notice how he talked to all the girls perfect he is now locking in with a group of four girls Oh I wish I were in there。

W。I'm glad that we're here。You guys are lucky I'll autograph it for you。

I enjoy what his body language is displaying， calm， cool， collected， leaning back。

 and surrounded by women。🎼Good job， hot这于是用 emailmail。😊，Yeah。

There go going to ride enter contact info them I'll stranger you。Numb and email and the phone number。

Yeah。🎼Yeah。There he is， oh there's Matt。You like it？It's an accessory。

A girl outside I gave it to baachelor。Maybe it is。He's not speaking over the shoulder。

 he's offering too much value。You can dress her up like you can't take her anymore， right？

Do you see that the girl coding， when the girl coding happens。

 you have to handle that sex in the city right out just？I'm guing in the group。Miranda。

 you're the miranda and you're。You're the Charlotte。That didn't go so hot。

 they just walked away in the middle of me talking to him， I couldn't get any worse。Yeah。

Okay here in Simeon。I really want Sia to do well， he's headed of rough。Hey guys。

 what movie is this from？Nobody puts baby in a corner。come on。

Simeon's energy levels are a little bit too high and he's too animated。

 he seems like a large cartoon。You look like the backgroundground group。

 you probably be the one that needs to be put in a corner I got to get back to my friends in a minute but。

🎼TC。place likeim needs show more of a willingness to walk away He's them too much hes facing them head on he's not talking shoulder there show out you want to go there show for a。

Ouch， that was a hard exit。What movie is this from？Nobody puts baby in the corner。

If you notice how their shoulders aren't turned around， he hasn't earned their attention。

He give me a little spin。S饭。And he's just ejected weird if you watch them now。

They're all going to girl code each other。🎼S。🎼紧张。And here comes Carl。My friends and I。

Just completed a caper。We are celebrating like its the end of oceans love。

I got to get back here no gambling here。But we're on。I got to get back to the bar。🎼不ち看。🎼Is that way。

He wasn't engaging the whole set， he was talking to that one girl。

 she has mom to talk to him when her friends are all talking about something else。My friends and I。

Just completed a taper。My friends and I were having so much fun we're celebrating like it's the end of Oceans 11 I just don like that open up。

Wow， it is so crowded I feel。More body rocking pal I got to back owes me a shot。

Before I go really quick， would you guys ever date a guy in a wheelchair？

It's unfortunate that he's not engaging the two set as a two set one girl is bored What I did was like a brand new wheelchair with like。

P lodge。Its air conditioning。You guys have a wonderful evening。

 it was nice I don't know what happened there and he just initiated the chat but didn't reach their spirit。

All right， Craig， have you learned a lot by watching your fellow students definitely have good because guess what？

It's your turn All right， let's do it。Gre at an advantage。

 he got to see six iterations of what to do， what not to do to see how he does。Hey guys。

 asking questions。I've been waiting to ask somebody this question ever since I got to Arizona like three days ago。

bodyわ。E get older。They 20 degrees here。I don't believe you。I mean he's rocking back and forth。

 he's like， I'm leaving and they're grabbing him back in。🎼いゃあいけ。Here's a big question。

Is the answer yes or no the answer？Is yes。よ。He's doing great， he looks comfortable。

 but he should lean back a little bit so that she comes to him Have you ever of of love？🎼O。

did gotLike how he's leading the conversation。Got for a little while。My friend， let's pay attention。

A girl， none of that young lady and back to me。🎼他週一给你拍的。た。Right down your。别个屁。

They're just right down there。And a number exchange， well done Powell， Greg goes in there。

 he opens one set， sits down and then gets a phone number and leaves now that is a pickup artist。

It was awesome to see pickup artists performing today。You feel good about your performances？

Some of you did better than others。Greg， now because you won the reward challenge。

 you had a competitive advantage， you got to see everyone else but you had earned that。In this case。

 it worked to your advantage yet again because you are safe from elimination you definitely are the winner of tonight's field test。

I feel great winning the challenge I actually wasn't sure if I was going to win because I saw what Todd did I knew it had to try and get one step above him Greg。

 because you won tonight's infield challenge， you are not only safe from elimination but you also get to choose two of your fellow wingmen to be safe from elimination Choose wisely For the rest of you you're on the chopping block。

I'll see you all at elimination tomorrow night。Yeah。I think I'm definitely in the bottom three。

I would say you are too。And I would say， Brian。Overall I feel I performed fairly weak during the field challenge the results speak for itself everybody saw and I have no doubt that I'll be one of the guys on the chopping block this evening I wouldn't be surprised if I found myself there but I still feel good about my performance last night depending on who Greg picks for immunity I think it's entirely possible that I might find myself in the bottom three。

But I don't think I'm going home How does it feel to know you're probably safe Good like I mean。

 I feel like pretty comfortable that like I'm not going to go home。

Who do you think Craig is going to pick for you or he should pick Brian he doesn't pick Oh I think that goes without I hope he picks you honestly。

no way I don't want to be picked， though。🎼Why。I didn't do well。

 but I think you could do well next time， that's why。Look at this guy。

I think Greg's going to go into choosing his wingman with a game plan。He's in this to win it。

And so if he picks people that it maybe he doesn't feel are as big of a threat to him。

🎼Then maybe one of the stronger people will get eliminated。 What about you， Ron。

 How are you feeling about everything， I'm not entirely certain where I stand。

This experience has been。Very valuable to me so far。

 but I'm still so afraid of not being able to really shine as much as I should。🎼Yeah。🎼，Good evening。

And welcome to Elilimination。Each one of these medallion sitting before me symbolizes a level of achievement。

Tonight。We will bestow the yellow medallion。 This is the symbol leggu， which represents cleansing。

Unfortunately， there are only six medallions on this table and there are seven of you。

 that means one of you will not be receiving a medallion。Tonight， one of you will be going home。Greg。

 you beat out the competition and won the field test last night。

 therefore you are the recipient of the first of the six medallions。

 which two of your friends would you like to say from elimination this week？Matt。And Brian。All right。

Explain your strategy to me。Why Matt？There are a few things just for seeing it last night that he needs to work on。

But he does have a lot of potential， and I think he didn definitely get better at them。

 But about Brian， How could you not love this guy？He lifts everybody up there。Matt。

At last week's elimination， I told you to step your game up。But we didn't see it do that this week。

To be perfectly honest。My plan was to send you home this week。

You are incredibly fortunate to still be here you're safer now thanks to Greg。

But we're going to have to see some big changes if you're going to stay in this competition， Greg。

 Brian and Matt， here are your medallions。Next。Gentlemen。Three of you can go and I'll see you soon。

Gentlemen。There are three medallions left， and there are four of you。Unfortunately。

 one of you will not be continuing on with us。I'd like to give the first of these three medallions to a student who has overcome his fear。

And has moved on to great success in field。This person displayed excellent body language。

Appeared very calm and cool。Congratulations， Todd。Take your medallion。Nice。

All three of you faltered in the field last night。None of you showed us that you could utilize correct body language techniques and isolate your target successfully in the club。

The next student needs to keep sight of his goals in field， this person has potential。

 but he needs to step up his game。We're going to see him in the field again。Syon。

You have earned yourself another week of safety。Please take one of the remaining medallions and join the others。

 thank you very much。🎼一该。There's only one medallion left。And there are two of you。Unfortunately。

 one of you will be going home tonight。We only have one medallion left。And we have two of you。

Unfortunately， one of you will be going home tonight。

I wasn't impressed by either of your performances。Ban。You demonstrated good body rocking。

And you were ultimately able to open a forcees set。

And you lost your set when you invited the target to move with you。

 if you had included the entire set in that invite， you would have achieved the field test objective。

Which you did not。Carl。Although you did use some of our body language techniques。

 you got stuck on a risky opener that was not working for you。

And you were unable to successfully lock into any set。Brian。Why do you think you deserve to stay？

🎼And'。🎼Trying my best to。🎼Get outside of my head， and。Embrace the power I have within me。

 I can understand that you。I feel it's my time to leave。

But I feel like I can still learn so much here。Carl， what about you， Why should you stay？Honestly。

 I feel like I made huge improvements over the last time， the biggest factor being that I had fun。

Like I'm eager to go out and practice more。I have to see that there is a great pickup artist。Inside。

Where's the great pickup artist， I it inside you？Is it inside you？Carl。It's game over。Ban。

Please accept this final medallion and join your friends。You've earned it。Yeah。🎼Thank you。

It was a kick ass run brother， you are free to go。I'm ecstatic to be a part of this experience。

I've learned a completely new way of life and a completely new type of person。

I've gotten over my approach anxiety entirely， like I love going into these bars now and like talking to every group of women that I see。

 and now I'm just going to go practice as much as I can。This experience was completely invaluable。

 I mean you couldn't put a dollar amount on it。I think that I'm actually going to be good with girls。

 which is huge because I never have been before。🎼你。Next time on the pickup artist。

The student sex drives rev up number three as they master the art of the kiss clothes。

 each of you will have 90 seconds with Aaronin in the dark I've never sucked on a girl's mouth before that looks hot。

And try to escalate their game to the next level You will be kissing someone tonight。

He looks like the man every girl in the room is going to want to meet him before mystery sends another man home at this stage。

 all of you should be advancing way more quickly than you are one of you is going home。

