# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 02（中文字幕）_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼Previously on the pickup artist So what's the thing you have with women I don' I don't have one8 lonely men arrived with a dream to learn how to attract beautiful women。

 I really want to be able to go up to woman I'm interested in ask out and not panic their teacher the world's greatest pickup artist a man named mystery who here is。

😊，A virgin。This may be our greatest challenge yet。But before the lessons could begin。

 the men hit the town to show mystery and his wingmen just how desperate they really are。Something。

And it's gone。Tonight the transformation begins when the guys get new looks and new lines to put into action pause before or after you brush but when forced to face their biggest fear how you doing one of them will fold under the pressure man i believe in you it' your whole life this little decision making process will affect other areas of your life I'll be damned if come to see you fail you could do it。

And in the end， one student's dream of becoming a pickup artist will end Its game over。

I'm the 40 year old merchant，'ve never had a girlfriend women think I'm gay。

 eight men with zero games。Have turned to the one man who can change them This is about building a light from lovable losers to irresistible ladies man who will become the next pickup artist。

We went out to the foundation to a club and I completely froze I was the only one in the whole group that didn't say one word to anyone。

Maybe if my dumb ass would open my mouth and talk。Wonderful things would come out you have so much to offer。

 you know， but nothing comes out。I might as well be mute， so ashamed。🎼you color your nails black， is。

 That's awesome。A sharpie though I don't want to be the person I am now。

 I don't want to be like feel miserable after trying to actually pick up around I don't want to feel horrible after trying to just trying because I felt like I felt like I was turned down by two women I was trying to talk to them and then they walked away like in the middle of you talking to them。

感じさげな。You're now creeping them out， you can leave now。So when not Chick did that to me。

 that like emotionally like affected me。It wasn't what I expected would be I didn't think it would be like it hit me that hard in here It was messed up Well well well man's look what the cat Let's get settled in Having watched the three masters at work have absolutely inspired me。

T so in all of those guys。I want to be them today a mystery gave us our first of hopefully many lessons。

This is a brand new day and we need to develop identities for each and every one of you。

 I want to talk a little bit about peacock theory Have you noticed that you are more drawn to women who convey sexuality they show off their cleavage。

Right。They wear shorter skirts Well we can't wear shorter skirts， but we can wear tighter pants。

Right。Right now， the looks that you have make you fit in， but we want to go beyond that。

 wouldn't it be nice to stand out？Each week， you will be given a reward challenge to test what you've learned。

Whoever wins a challenge will receive a reward that will help them perform in the upcoming field test。

So here's your reward challenge。Each of you will build an avatar for yourselves。

Like all of you to wear at least one interesting item in your avatar selection。

 I'd like to see accessories that convey sexuality。

I'd like to see you peacock a little bit more over the top is what I'm looking for。

I'd like to see you go crazy with your hair if possible， when you're done。

I want you to come back to me。And show me the new you。

The one who does best at creating and representing their unique identity。Winds。

And since this is a reward challenge， the reward will be。🎼A woman。 no， no。 go there。A woman。

 a good friend of mine， her name is Tara。And she will help one of you practice。

 you get to practice with a girl and she's quite lovely。

 so that will be your reward for the person who does the best job there。

I think it would help me a great deal to have real practice with a female， so I may not want to win。

I want to look like anything but this。Yes， make over， makeover， make me over， make me over now。

 I'll do it。🎼I could even go for he's obviously gay because that starts conversation and it opens up like this kind of it breaks down the boundaries Let's wander into the women's clothing and see what Okay。

 okay， I should zip up my pants for Can I just have like no but at all I mean。

 it's right down to the feet so you know。🎼说。🎼不是太哥了呦。

In are way too tight I don't know what it is if you know， they're tight。

It's definitely tighter than any blue jeans I've ever worn。Changing my look。

Is something that I need to do it's the tools of the trade and you don't build a house without proper tools。

🎼Haは。😊，Okay。This is nerds going to wild。You running go blind，Blonnd platinum blonde， Oh。

 you' going to get so many girls bro。They're feeling warm and tingly， perfect。Oh。🎼Oh喂！🎼在。

🎼Everything perfectly normal。🎼Oh。🎼你的。Oh。🎼Oh。Shut up， jerks， dude seriously。

 if I don't pick up any girls， I'm going to be so pissed。

I'm going to feel a little bit of a stick because I'll line up the needle， take a deep breath in。

Exhale。There we go。Yeah， you're going to be picking up your victim right now。やたよ。A。

 that was way worse than the first one。お。This is like my dream come true， this is like， you know。

 super makeover， extreme makeover and made totally made Monday day。🎼手然。🎼Don't touch it。

 Your hands are clean。 Oh， yes， not about hands。 Yes， I didn't touch it。Remember that when we。 Okay。

 thanks。Okay。I can dig it。Oh yeah coming up， the students model their new images for mystery if you were to roll with me。

 this would not work。With a special prize on the line。

And later okay here we go the guys return to the nightcl armed with advice from mystery。

 but will it help？you go with A's music。Okay， he doesn't know the opener。

🎼yeahThe guys's challenge was to take the information that we gave them in the lesson and create a new avatar。

 a new image based upon their new identity and it gets sexy We're going to be looking to see someone that could basically hang with Mad ator mystery and I There we go surprise me perfect excellent。

😊，Lovely I don't even remember you from before don't take this the wrong way but I'd say you're a good looking guy take it easy right I've never had so many guys tell me I was good looking with this look I totally feel like I can definitely pick up more girls。

🎼した。🎼，The new Scott version 2。0。🎼那个2。01。I'm just not too sure about the colors make me feel as if I sneeze very hard。

 I'd knock you over right now the little blue in the hair is just enough to get people saying something。

To you， you will get comments from girls on the blue， yeah。哈哈。😊。

Very interesting Did you actually get you ESP today I have my ears gauged I took a chunk of my flesh out for you guys I now have six gauge holes in my ears you can see through them。

When it's all said and done， I think the hat is a good start。Sesame Street。

That's what I get a sense of I can see a 12 year old wearing what you're wearing There is absolutely no need for a 45 year old man to dress like this you can still dress 45 and go after the 22 year old woman who knows what she wants an older refined man what I would liked to have seen you when is in a playful suit。

Okay， that's exactly it， for me it's like trying to be a little too youthful。

I was the peacock on steroids I didn't mean to go overboard I just sort of did it's' I went too far but now I realize it's absolutely ridiculous I mean look at these whole things。

RightIf you were to roll with me and you were going to the Playboy mansion。This would not work。

You look like that 80s movie break into electric Bogaoo。What's so fun， Well， come on man。

OhOh this is too much great effort， great effort here's where I think you're a little bit miscaibrated All right there's too much going on。

Sadly， you know， mystery and this way men didn really appreciate the effort。

 they said it was kind of sloppy had put together。A forever peace。Okay， you guys hey。

 this is the new spoon， Do you guys like my shirt woman perfect from top to bottom if you were in a club？

You' be your own person， that's who you are and your spoon。 Good job。 Very good job， right good job。

I had an entire different look in mind。🎼This screams youth too much to me。 Now。

 imagine putting you in。A dark suit， mafia style strip club owner。

 that's what I see for you more You don't want to be the young rat boy who eats too much pizza and drinks too much beer type bite。

Eating lots of pizza and drinking lots of beer Yeah I've done that but I've really tried in the past like month to watch my weight and I felt like when they said that I wanted to just get out of these clothes。

 everything just third feeling tight and it made me feel really selfconscious。Some went too far。

 some went overboard， some didn't go far up， some people took the concept of peacocking too far and they look clownish but you guys stand out in my mind。

One is spoon， spoon， definitely and the other Brady did a very good job， Brady can roll with us。

Like right now I feel like just a little lightheaded like thinking about last night。

My self esteem just totally dropped。So the pressure is twice as hard if I'm going to fail。

 it's not going to be good。🎼，Our eight contestants。

My friends and I have unanimously agreed that up the eight of you。

The winner of this reward challenge shall be。Spoon。R。The mystery pronounced that I was the winner。

 I was totally blown away， I was like yeah， tomorrow when we do openers and approach scenarios。

 we're going to be practicing them， Sp will have the added benefit of having a lovely lady assist you。

 her name's Tara， you'll meet her tomorrow。嗯你。I'm so happy for you Sp。🎼Up next， if you don't open。

 you will not get the girl Mystery gives the guys a lesson on talking to women。 The idea is to not。

Creep them out。And anxiety levels rise as the time to perform approaches tonight's challenge has a lot at stake。

 the person who does the worst is going to be eliminated。But for here and now。えつけもさん。

The most crucial step。🎼And pick up。Is opening， if you don't open， you will not get the girl。Today。

 Mr。 He was telling us about the first step to the pickup approach artist。

 It's the opening in order to open， I need a story。 I need what we call like gambit。

🎼The purpose of opening is to get female to male interest。

 I want the female to become interested in me， okay in tonight's field test。

 whoever demonstrates the ability to open a will win immunity。To elimination。

Let's move these chairs out of the way now。When you enter into a set， you notice my walking away。

 I didn't come in like this facing you directly because I'm telegraphing too much interest to you。

🎼The idea is to not。Creep them out。You've got some opener examples， all these are tried and true。

 yes they's stock。All right gentlemen， I'd like you to practice both with Matador and Jdog and then with each other。

Sppooon， you have a practice partner， her name is Tara and you won her。

And you're going to be able to practice with her Yester。

 I won the challenge and I means I get to spend time with Tara， but I have a phobia。I'm。

Patrified with trying to go up to a woman night。It's fear。Hi hi， I'm Tara， I'm nice to meet you。

Soello。They write a practice Yeah， nervous though Oh it's okay don't be nervous。

 We're gonna work on that Myster and I have been friends for a while and at first it was like， oh。

 so you teach men how to get women into bed but it's really not about that I mean。

 all of these guys they want to really find someone special and Mysters method helps people do that I don't know what to say like if I by myself or if I have a drink by myself like what am I supposed to do like wander around my first impression was that he is a total sweetheart I mean you can tell he's just the sweetest thing he's just scared to death of women。

🎼是。😊，Yeah。The whole purpose of what we're doing is to get to the next stage a big mistake is guys sound like a' reciting or rehearsing something Oh sound reciting I think the biggest thing is to be yourself and be natural because I were just talking What do you what do you guys think We need a woman's opinion is kissing cheating you guys think kissing his cheating girl kiss the guy that cheating guys was before after you rush I had this f and he got so drunk that his and a fly came out do people actually do that bad open Hey did you see that fight outside Who fights for a guy named George a name like George come on girl grab a pop booby popped out boob pops out and Of course it came I drag to one came out and then she had she got。

A booby， okay？I saw two girls like fighting over a guy。Oh， I thought Ive just heard some screaming。

 but I wasn't sure。It's great you can hear screaming over all this music Not really。

 but I just wanted to talk to you was saying that you can't go with the bullet the first five minutes he was so nervous and so shy and timid around me and then his energy took on a completely different tone and he was more comfortable and I was so happy to see that he's just adorable and lovable and he needs to share himself with other people。

あふ。It's the jealous girlfriend。So。I am totally nervous for tonight and having a hard time learning all the lines。

 well I've got to go quickly but one of my buddies。

 I can do the pieces individually but getting the whole package together is a completely different matter。

 I am terrified。I'll try， I I just。This is just it kind of feels a little unnatural I'm kind of skeptical about whether the canned speeches work yeah。

 I don't like this at all I'm not interested in just going out and getting late I'm interested in finding the right woman。

I got approached anxiety already and it's not even close to entering the club yet。

Tonight's challenge has a lot at stake， the person who does the worst is going to be eliminated。

I'm excited about it tonight， my time with Tara。🎼Was great。

 she gave me ideas how like you're like the cougar。 you want to claw。

 you don't want to you know pack her on the shoulder。

 you want her to know that I'm a world champion pick up artist。

 All I want to do isjaki have some tone come out of my voice some kind of mirror and I'll be happy。

 This is my chance tonight to prove myself to everyone。

 Nothing has came out of my mouth So they don't know what I can do。

 They don't know if I have like a little plastic water gun or a baooka you don't know what I got You don't know what I'm working with。

My name is Cosmo the Can now， not Alro Alro died Cosmo。🎼With a K。It's money。

Tonight is the first time in their lives that these students will be entering a public gathering with any form of training now this is just the first stage and while it's a small step in the world of seduction。

 it's going to be a huge stride for these students。

purposeurpose of this field test is to be able to open。A set。The one who opens the best。

We'll be safe from elimination。Enjoy yourselves you guys right now I'm really confident I'm going for it。

 I got nothing to lose， but I don't succeed， I'm going home and personally I'd like to stay in this mansion as opposed to staying in my parents' basement an offense mom and dad and this is a lot better。

🎼，Yeah。The stakes are high in the field test tonight。I mean。

 the winner is going to get immunity and the worst is going to be removed。

 knowing that mystery and company were going to be watching us the entire time just added an extra level of tension for me。

Okay， here we go， first one。这讲。🎼I got a question。I time。现在。🎼Let problem we。My friend。

If they can't hear you， it's no excuse to p in project。🎼やしてくることで。Don found out about it。🎼ごだ。

He's lost to set at this point。🎼How got to get going。Here's our next boy。Guys。

I have a really important place。New fl before or after you brush。It seems like it is great here。

 so' your name。なか。大河电。And it opened the set。That's the whole purpose of an opener。🎼そ。

His game was smooth。🎼ま？W。Here comes Fred。How are you doing， I was wait。

🎼P of song are you going with da。Okay， he doesn't know the opener。Because I heard the song。

 you spin me around like a record， you know that's fine？No。Somebody look like it， right？

How did you get back to your car？All right， here's Joe， the approach machine。

I'll be with my friends in just Saturday days， if you guys ever go on Monal。Too high energy。

They call them， they call up and they safe， but you don't find out who ask who admires you secretly。

It could be a。Too high energy so。Less， motion， he's too invested in them。

don'tI really wanted to come blasting out of the gate， I wanted to take that。

 I wanted to take some validation that I'm doing better than everyone else。

 I'm trying to not just settle for par， I was trying to actually go the step further and see where it was going to go from there。

I feel like I'm doing something wrong and so it's really frustrating to me and because I wasn't able to master right away。

I'm disappointed at myself。예 예 예 예。This guy looks like a new guy。

 this guy looks like a new guy from day one。I a question for you guys trying to find a v party you do I want strippers and no will you guys do cool with here on your pionza having birthday party？

He's going to be good。The man just opened to five set hey that's a night right night unplayful vibe is good。

The character， hands flapping and laughing。Did you notice as he was walking away？It's captivated。

Beautiful， he's good。 I thought him that。It's much better than the first night here。break downNo。

 it don't do it， do it， I told them this three times。Hey， did you guys do the break evening？

He has that great dancing gam in his head。Which we have to break， there's a time and place for it。

 but this is not the time of place。I did it。And it was amazing。

 it was incredible look at me now now it was like the underdog， boom I'm blowing up。

 you know I was like damn。Do guys see that。That guy who came in here and who was break dancing with my buddy got a glove。

Eurly hair。She hes going into it went into a situational opener and where does it go from there I told him what to do this。

Now he's staying on that situational opener where do you go with it。

 that's the problem that doesn't engage the group。哈哈哈哈。All right， well now you know what happens。

 I just want to do it impromptu because。I'm much better that way。

 and so I don't have everything memorized and I'm comfortable with that。Spoon， spoon。呼。

W looks nervous。🎼。不で。Yeah， don't kill yourself scream， go on man， you mom man， I believe in you。🎼。

I'm like scared。I started thinking about what happened the first time I went into a club。

So I kind of panicked and just walked straight up。Did you just leave？🎼不。Hey， birdnie。Hey bud。

 come on， join us。Com on。Come on in。You don't okay， Ka man？What are you feeling， right there？

For often the first time。Because I don't really go to clubs and stuff anymore。

Like I've never been rejected before because I've never tried。

So I saw that memory like stuck my head and think，Oh thank you。😔，I feel you。This feeling。

 you don't have to apologize for it， we all feel it， but you know what？

I fail more times than I'm win in life， it's my ability to get up and keep going that allows me to eventually attain my goals。

 telling you you're bigger than that and you can make this work if all you say is hi。You win。

You just have to。Master your fear right now dude this is this is your whole life this is going this little decision making process will affect other areas of your life I'll be damned if I'm going to see you fail okay？

You can do it。Smile on the way smile on the way in， okay？大。You can do it， man， just talk to anybody。

I don't think it's going to。can ladies some questions you said I would feel that good and it done stuff。

🎼不せ。 this girlfriend hits another girl。I am proud of the spoon。Could to be cheating， I guess。

 it another girl。I actually did it， you know， and I'm happy I did it。あ。🎼でし？Just。

I'm just not sure if I can do it again。Because like it's a phobia， I'm scared。Once I go into a club。

 I kind of lose control and forget who I am。I want to go home。Hello。

This is a lot harder than I expected。I don't know what to do。Right now。

I'm still deciding if I want to stare or not。🎼So hard。Fantastic work， guys， every single one of you。

🎼Succeeded the field test。 Are you proud of yoursel。I'm proud of all of you。But one of you。

Stood out above the others。So the winner of tonight's field test is。Yeah。Zhou Di。🎼我。あ。

It's amazing how changing your clothes and having a game plan going into a situation can totally alter your perception on what's going on around you。

 so I was definitely pleased and pretty shocked on how all the stuff seemed to work and fall into place Now Joe。

Yeah， because you won tonight's field test。You are safe from elimination。You will not be going home。

 you get to choose。Two of your fellow students。Eser wingingman。Which will also grant them immunity。

And protect them from elimination。One of you。We'll be going home。After Joe was awarded his immunity。

 mystery also announced that he gets to choose two wingmen who also will have immunity You know。

 I still don't know who I know。Who I'm going to say and it's always been switching and I don't think that I'm gonna to know until I actually go out there and say it I want to stay more than anything I came here to learn how to be a master pickup artist each one of you has like just certain qualities that I really really have enjoyed hanging out with and the whole experience would be totally different if anyone else besides all y'all were here。

So。They don't make the right decision。Good evening， gentlemen。Welcome to your first。Elimination。

Each different medallion。Symbolizes。Your level of progression。

The one who passes all the levels and makes it to the end will be awarded the final Red medallion。

 which is reserved for master pickup artists only。🎼Tonight。

We will award the White medallion this is the symbol Burchanon， it represents rebirth， new life。

 Grove。There are seven medallions on this table， and there are eight of you sitting before us。

That means one of you。Will be sent home。🎼Yeah。Jodie。You won the first field test， congratulations。

This medallion。You have earned。Thank。Thank you very much。

Which two of your fellow students would you like to make your wingmen？

And save from elimination this week。I think I'm going to go with。Brady and Cosmo。Brady and Cosmo。

Take your medallions， gentlemen。You've heard them。The three of you are safe from elimination。Brady。

You seemed like a different person in the field。And it worked for you。Cosmo。

Whiping out the break dancing moves。It is not the moment they found break downing intriguing and cool fight they didn't it was try hard you saw it yourself。

Hey cosmo， dancing monkeykey bear， do this， no no no now do this and you felt it， it's pathetic。

 it's needy and quite frankly， I find it rather tacky。Leave that up。Trust your charm。Gentlemen。

 I will see you three tomorrow。🎼嘀一。Okay， it's time to award the rest of the medallions。

One of you will be going home tonight。Okay， it's time to award the rest of the medallions。Joe。

If I didn't know better， it looked like you were on some sort of drug。Now you were。

 you were an adrenaline， I noticed。Pretty。We're on to you。Your behaviors are transparent。

 you have a strong character。You're not intimidated by the world。And yet， you are。

You create a social mask。That everyone can see through。Fred。You didn't learn your openers。

You did open sets， but it was rough， right， Yeah it was rough。Spoon。

You're trapped by your humanity just like the rest of us。We've all been in that exact same spot。

I have the same amount of fear。That you do， you're not a special snowflake。All。Scott。Not only women。

 but people in general will trample all over you。If you don't assert yourself。Okay， as you can see。

There are five of you。And only four medallions。The first of the four goes to a person who。

Opened all of their senses。Joe。You are safe。You have earned this medalion。

The next person showed a lot of courage in the field。

This person needs a lot of work on their delivery， and quite frankly。

 I will need to see a lot of improvement on the next field test。But for now。🎼，Scott。

Please take one of the remaining medallions。Congratulations， you have earned it。Three students left。

And as you can see， there are only two medallions。Remaining。The student who we are keeping around。

I'm going to need to see a much bigger commitment。If they want to stay around in the future。

Pret deep。🎼一。Please take one of the two remaining medallions。Congratulations， think you've earned it。

Gentlemen。There is one medallion left， and there are two of you still remaining。Obviously。

 that means one of you。We'll be leaving。And I want to be that person。🎼Gentlemen。

There is one medallion left。There are two of you still remaining。Obviously， that means one of you。

We'll be leaving。And I want to be that person。Yeah。I want to be that person leaving。

ButLet me get this straight you want to be the person leaving， yes I want to be the person leaving。

This is a very important decision you're about to make。This is a defining moment， in fact。

 is far beyond anything having to do with girls。This is going to affect everything in your life。

You have to make the choice that you're going to be okay going into nightclubs again to practice。

That's where I'm still。Pking about， and。Spoon， you want？To be that person leaving。Spoon。

We can only open doors。We can't drag you through them。Fred。

I respect your desire to commit to this process。Please take your medallion and join the owners。Spoon。

I don't like your choice， but of course we have to respect your choice。But for here and now。

It's game over。🎼听一。That was probably the hardest thing ever in my entire life。

I know I didn't conquer the whole club thing， but I'm not feeling like I'm leaving empty handed。

I learned that I should believe in myself more when I looked into mystery and Jdogs and matter eyes。

 I could tell that they saw potential in me， so that's the only thing I regret is making them be disappointed that I picked a solution that I did。

I'm not going home the same person， I'm more confident I can tell my voice is even louder。

 that's the person I'm going to become just slowly in my way。🎼And。I'm happy with that。🎼No。🎼什么？

Next week on the pickup artist。Mystery challenges his students with a whole new lesson you will have a chance to speak to some women。

And they are absolutely adorable。えきはは。Gentlemen， if you can lead a group of children。

 you can lead a sing then it's back to the club to put their newfound skills to the test Did you come here a lot？

He's just threatened by his presence and he's boring and he ejects thank God'm embarrassed my name is associated with that level of performance and another man's dream of becoming a master comes to an ad。

It's game over。