# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 03（中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously on the pickup artist。🎼Studs began their education。 The idea is to not。Creep them out。

And took their new skills into the field。Before。🎼with music。

 but it soon became clear that the first test was a lot harder than anyone had imagined which LED one man to make a startling decision。

 one of you。We'll be leaving。And I want to be that person。

Catching mystery and his wingman by complete surprise tonight。

 you will have a chance to speak to some women and they are absolutely adorable。

Mystery teaches the key to attracting women be interesting。

Then the woman will become interested in you and the students learn and I'm embarrassed name is associated with that level of performance It's not that easy。

One has gone home， seven remain， whose game will end tonight。🎼It's game of。

🎼I'm the 40 year old never had a girlfriend women become gay， eight men。🎼The zero game。

🎼Have turned to the one man who can change them。 This is about building a life from lovable losers to irresistible ladies man wholl become the next pick up artist。

😊，It made up on the skin of my teeth， but I'm still here So what happened， what happened？Just。

Wanted to go， I think it's just because of。Anxiety and everything。ねえ？

I'm disappointed that spoon is gone， but if that was the decision spoon wanted to make。

 I respect that。We won't go to say goodbye。系呀系呀佢。I would have got a nice proper hug for my kid。

 he was a good kidin， I liked to have him around。One person's gone。 Oh。

 it's totally feeling a lot more like a competition。

 So I think that things are starting to get a little interesting。 and， you know， the game is on。Hey。

 we got a phone call guys， who is it， who is it mystery， hello hello。H gentlemen。

 how are you today I'd like you all to meet me at the Griffin School for today's reward challenge。

All right。Where are we and here to learn。Hey guys，Welcome to the library。

 do you remember when you used to have stories read to you？In class as a kid。

The best stories were the ones。Where they really got into it。They told their stories with。

Passion and excitement and that passion。Is what girls are looking for。

You can speak about absolutely nothing。But as long as you speak with enthusiasm。

Your audience will feel that too。So for today's challenge。

You will have a chance right now to speak to some women。And they are absolutely adorable。Meetings。🎼嗯。

Here come in like little blonde Head girl， like eight of them I'm like， no。Hello， ladies。

These are my friends。And they're all going to tell you stories。Okay。

 each of you will have five minutes to excite， delight， and ultimately entertain these young ladies。

With your very own rendition。Of Goldilocks and the three bears。

The student whose story is the most entertaining， according to our panel of judges。Wins。あそ。

To reward the winner's efforts。I will personally teach you a top secret gambit。

That I have never revealed to anyone。In a special one on one lesson with me。

This one on one time with My would be great and he's going to teach a top secret gambit but you can't put a price on it sound good awesome。

Kids， you ready？It's storytelling time。Get luck guys， thanks。Hi little girls。Uoo。All right， guys。

 you know the story of Goldilocks and the three bears？Raise your hand if you know that story。

All right， well you've never heard it told by me， so prepare yourselves。Once upon a time。

 there was a beautiful little girl with gold hair that was really， really curly。正ぎ？

I was trying to talk over them and I was just like， no no no， it's not how you work with kids。

 I learned that you just turn the volume down and turn the animation up and people are going to want to hear。

down his cheek。That's going to help me in the field。This girl named Goldilock。

 she got punished by her mommy for watching Spongeebob Square pants for too long。

 You guys know what Sponongebob is， right？Okay， cool。

 I've never been so nervous to talk to little kids in my life。But they only kids。

 she flipped on a banana and hit her head on the floor and went into a dream。

And it kind of turned into a nightmare。 My game plan went to hell。 I don't know what happened。 Like。

 I couldn't even follow the story that I was telling。 I'm like， what am I talking about right now？

 The bears， they shaved her head bald。Completely bald。She was out in the forest。

 so she saw a house and it was empty so she went weird I'm really weird， you are I am Youre weird。

My strategy was to survive。Beears ran out just getting out with your soul intact he's good enough I think and a bear said。

 no， you can't go into that part of the forest because there's an elephant。

I'm communicating with people I'm trying to learn it and I'm trying to get it， but it's just。

 you know， it's it's。Difficult。Would you guys like to hear the story of Goldilocks and the three Bears？

Yeah。When I saw the girls， I thought two things， a， they're adorable。I'm reminded of Pirannis。

Small little critters that have sharp teeth that fl the flesh from your body。

 Goldilocks in the three bears。It was just right， wasn't it？Care。はい。All right ready guys。

 every time I put my arms up like this， I want you guys to make these growley， growly noises k。

 ready？All right， good job and every time I go like this， I want you to go。🎼All right。

 this is the story。 I thought the challenge are great。 It wasn't difficult all。 She came upon a big。

 big， big， big house。How about the three bears just like that really the girls in the club aren't any different than the girls。

 you know， in a school， they're all people， they all want to be entertained。

 they all you know want to be engaged。Hey everybody， everybody over here。

Everybody come on what's name what' name I was a little nervous should I just make friends with them first and then try to engage them in this story she saw three chairs。

Sitting by themselves in a dark room and she walked over into the dark room and she sat down because she was so tired。

 I'm a really good listener。 and I think that's my biggest downfall is that。

I never have practiced really telling stories I need to get a lot better and after she had sit there for a while she got really tired。

おお。 I'd like to think that I'm good with children。Okay， you want to shut up？All right。

 who else my is not？🎼哎呦哎哎。まで。あだ。Okay， okay， I came up with the silly idea of having some of them sit on my lap and then I'll help ros。

🎼In terms of my overall performance， I didn't really execute the。

 What mystery intended me to execute。 I opened the said， yes。But I failed to take control of it。

Coming up didn't deserve to win so it's not fair。 There's controversy over who should win the reward challenge I kind of gym。

Let the games begin。Can the guys rebound for the upcoming hidden camera field test a night？

🎼And meg gives her evidence of what you think your value is relative to hers or will the pressure to perform be too much my girlfriend。

 she was on part of the pop star band。 I need more time to process this information too much relax the pickup artist is sponsored by Virgin Mobile Virgin Mobile presents plans without annual contracts with Virgin Mobile you rule。

🎼We've performance at Orlando Mag half time。 We't even sun together yet。

 We're setting ourselves up this I forgot the lyrics mission man and all new episode tonight at10 only on the one。

😊，Okay， gentlemen。Come on in when the challenge was over a mystery called us back into the room and had each girl come in one by one to cast her boat and see who was the best storyteller Here comes our first judge。

Hello， grab yourself a seat on my chair here。Who do you think？Was the best storyteller。🎼Cosmo。

Thank you。A man in the green， and that is my friend Joe。Fred。Fair。Joe。Scott。

Thank you very much for your vote Here's the next voter you want to put it out。That man right there？

Threread。Now who told the best story？Deve cheated。He was like pointing at himself。Pt。

That's your favorite guy。And our next voter。That's two for Purdue。All right， the score。

To vote for Joe。Two for Fred。Two from Purdue。There's one vote left。And our next voter。

 con grab yourself a seat， who do you think told the best story？Who do you think？Reji。

You are the winner。I was just really pied when I found out that Pur deep was the winner I did what was asked of me。

 I felt kind of jpped gentlemen， if you can lead a group of children， you can lead a set。

Pretty congratulations， I will be giving you your one on one lesson tonight。

I had no idea it was going to go over that well， I didn't know those kids were so。

In In me being announced the winner today it was kind of interesting I didn't expect that to happen You kept on going like this too who do you vote for you like？

🎼Hug hug that's totally。 And then like you caught their attention。 Yeah。

 you were soliciting those those votes。 Think I'm getting on everybody's nerves。

 I don't want to alien the other guys。 You're okay with。😊，You know， backstabbing all of us guys。

 and that's cool。I don't necessarily understand where he's coming from or why he does the things he does。

 didn't deserve to win， so it's not fair。P deepep knows what he's doing。

 He's like the diabolical genius that tries everything backwards， you know。

 I'm gonna go that way just because mystery told us to go that way， you know。

 if you opened it up in the cheating， I guess you're the one that made it a little cutter， Yeah。

 let the games begin Per deepep， let the games begin。Pertty， because you won the challenge。

 I'm now going to teach you an attraction gambit， it's called the Sp of Attract。

This will give you the competitive edge beyond the others， Are you ready？

Now bo your hands for a moment。 I'm going to pretend that you play the role of female Okay it really allows me to touch and lower my hands if a girl's interested。

 she will subcomicate her interest by lowering her hands。 It's called compliance。

 It's physical compliance right， that's what I'm testing for。 I'll then say。Do you believe in spells？

Following that， go like this， go like this， and you'll be doing that to the girl。

 Imagine the taller one is me and the shorter one is you。 but now we're together right now。

But as you can see， I'm going to have to rejoin my friends。

 so you only get another minute of us like this。Soon， we're going to be apart。

 I'd like you to separate your fingers by a good inch perfect。

 and I want you to feel something as time passes。I want you to feel the two of us。Getting closer。

🎼And closer。And closer。Oh， that's flattering。That's all I't that sweet this gives me a leg up on the competition I might use it the next time I go out in the field because it's so damn good I tab this ace up my sleeve that separates me from everybody else。

🎼Yeah。🎼What's up。Yeah。Today we met Myster in the pool room for our next lesson。

🎼In the last field test， I watched all of you perform。 Look at all those young little girls。

 They took over。 none of you said， Gr yourselves a seat。

 None of you set up the rules for how you wish to be treated。That was the learning lesson。

From this point on， we want to up our game， all right？

Today we're going to learn about attraction The first phase is opening。

And you all have that under your belt。In the second phase， our job is to be interesting。🎼If you can。

Be interesting。Then the woman will become interested in you。If you need stories。

 you should have lots of stories going。In order to systematically demonstrate that women are already in your life and that you have options。

🎼Cut out all the waffle from your conversation so you just get the emotional points。

 You don't want to tell a long， boring story。What we're trying to do is fake rapport with people you do not yet know。

So from this point forward， all the material that you will convey will have DHV spikes。

 demonstrations of higher value spikes。I'd like to give you some DHV material。

That we have developed over the years。First， we want to demonstrate higher value and we want to simultaneously nag the target。

A eggg is a statement or action one makes to briefly disqualify oneself from being considered a potential suitor。

If I disqualify myself from being considered a potential suitor。

 then she won't feel sexually threatened， I'm not after something。

If you're speaking and you accidentally brush against a person， you look at her funny。

That's all it takes， that was a egg。I can be nice to everybody。Except the target at first。

 she has to earn that first。So if you're building all these ways。

 just show that your intent is not the target。Why is she supposed to think your intent is？

What is your intent？Get to know people， I'm out to enjoy myself， I'm not here to meet new people。

 I have all the friends I need in the world。All right guys， that's the end of our attraction lesson。

 I'd like you to train now with both Jdog and Matador tonight。Is your next field test？

Your objective is to build attraction with a woman by demonstrating higher value using the stories we give you。

The student who does this the best。Wind's immunity from elimination。Sued up， I'll see you then。

🎼Coming up with the from elimination on the line。 the guys put their new storytelling skills to the test。

 they're like little girls out there。😊，Don't get run over this night。make a six for fordue。

 have a seat for。He totally locked anybodybody does that to me， I kick their ass。

And it all leads to another student going home its game over。A eggg is。Stment。

 a demonstration that you do on your part that demonstrates the girl gives her evidence of what you think your value is relative to hers okay After his mysterys lesson we broke them into two groups to practice to get those spikes in our stories and to throw eggs at the target if I want to disarm you then I would neg you like in a playful way so I see you coming in and I go。

Hey introduce me to your friend its it's the polite thing to do sorry my name's Jaug you can dress her up but you can't take her anyway or another great nag is we just。

 you know she's talking like hold on。W something off her face like she had a lipsticks much okay demonstrations of higher value you show that you're worth talking to Mike's girlfriend。

 she was a part of a pop star band you heard of the Pu cat dos Well anyways she no lying No。

 I'm nervous about going on field tonight I need more time to process this information。

Before I can use it， I think it's great， the creativity is great， man， I'm not knocking it however。

More less is more sometimes， okay getting a point across with less words and less time，哦后。

I look so much better in this line I totally stole these than Yeah。

 think of the first number that pops in your head between one and four now Got it。 Okay。

 I'll get back to you guys believe he spells。UYeah。

 saying you always roll off after every one a year after every attraction spike， roll off。

 think of it as like a cat string theory， okay， if you throw a piece of yarn out。

The cat will jump on it。But if it stays stationary， it'll get bored and leave， okay？Hey guys。

 hope us settle something。lls work After the lesson I felt well nervous。

 so I spent the first two hours of my day talking to the plant life and the furniture trying to practice my approach I can tell already you and me we won't get along。

We're too much alike we end end up fighting on cats and dogs I've had practice telling stories that's what playing dungeons and dragons is as you tell stories to people。

So how does say。Jeous girlfriend thing go I never I don't I don't really get it stress levels going up The most difficult is going to be those stories。

 getting those stories， knowing when to tell them when to shut up。

 when to build personal value I got a roll in a say but I got a roll in see the problem I don't remember anything I go blank。

Ca I haven't done it a00 times I just need to stay on top I need to push myself harder than everyone elses I feel entirely that this is my game to lose if I don't step up I'm losing it for myself on no I want to This doesn't work no。

Every single girl I've ever got in my life， I feel like I've just kind of gotten lucky look good。

It doesn't work。It doesn't work I don't buy that anymore now it's like wow。

 there's a system and when you follow the system。There's a connection and when you don't there's no connection Hi I like lemons。

 do you like lemons good， let me go over here and go and82。

 pretend like I'm leaving and I come back and I come back and I say you guys too much relaxed I know。

We're all studying and we're all busting our behind like someone's going home。

 we need to do the damn thing， we need to you know， step up。In tonight's field test。

 the students must identify their targets， open their set。

 and then systematically demonstrate their higher value using one of our several DHV routines we've just taught them the student that shows the most expertise in this area of seduction will be immune from elimination。

You're feeling good about your game right now， boys？Yes， good。

The student that successfully builds attraction。With the woman he's targeting。

And ultimately obtains phone numbers。Will be immune from elimination。

Here's some Virgin mobile phones to put your phone numbers in。Gentlemen， gentlemen。

Women's phone numbers。How in the world are we going to do this let you go？And guys。

 they're like little girls out there。Don't get run over this time。Now get out there。Joer game。

I'm going to try to focus all of my energies on being as talkative。

 friendly and sociable as possible I'm going to win this field test because there's so many neat stories to tell。

🎼。The challenge tonight is to build attraction。And that just happens to be one of my hardest things。

🎼不要不。Okay， good idea。All right。Lovely so far。I all questions。What do you guys think about tattoos？

It's not threatening， it' nice smile。He interacts with everybody。In a pleasant。

 natural manner without creeping anybody up。19。The thing a。Yeah。But if I tell her that not to get it。

 she's going to do it even more because， you know， I'm a brother。So far， my friend。

 you did a great job。a good time all around and it was a lot of fun。

 I feel like the balls studying the role and I'm understanding it a lot more。

 you know I felt like I performed well。All right， Joe。Am sures oversight to get in here。

I see your hand。hit by bus， that sucks really bad。All right， give me a。There a second。

That's how you do it lovely， that is awesome。He's being genuinely interesting。

There are smiles on the faces， the man on his left is disarmed。

 he's not threatened by the presence of another man hanging with his friends。

That's a good egg right there friends you。You will'll be polite。

It was very cool to see how the things that they had taught us were working demonstrations of higher value stories。

 those spikes were cool， it was getting a response， not so afraid to go up to a group of strangers。

 they're not as mean as they seem。Have a nice night。Hey， he， hey。What is that guys？is kissing。

 cheating。I's kissing， cheating。speakingeaking so much better though。All right。

 let's try an experiment。I see your hands？🎼他坐钱。All right， think of the number one through four。🎼你じあれ。

3。All right， that's to empirical crew。That ESP doesn't work。What is doing man？

We need to work on these body language。It looks very stiff， doesn't he？

You got to give it to Scott though， he is plowing。Great still walking around，macking his goneciously。

 right？Walking around that way。He's rupturing his social value， as you can see， look at that。🎼すごい感じ。

Hey， Bob the Adam， this is my friend。What do you guys do？

what material is that I don't know what they're running they're not doing anything we talked about class So you come here a lot？

Brady's just getting by on his looks right now， all right， Brady。This is how you don't do it。

He's just threatened by his presence and he's boring， she looks really on guard。

Yes she's leaning back anyway， let me give you a card just in case we need a photographer。哇。

And yeah Jacks， thank God I feel a little ill， I feel sick to my embarrassed。

 my name is associated with that level of performance。If you're going to wreck a room。Recet。Hey guys。

 ask a good question？What do you think lies more men or women？啊。Pretty equal don't heck。Like up。

Do you know what a you smile is？A you smile is the kind of smile that you have。🎼他们那在放你啊。

Are you bored？Are you bored？Now I hook with him， he still sit there。His first impression has already。

Damed him。To being single for tonight。What I did was a DLV demonstrating lower value。

 I was in in in the girls digging me and then I' would be like， do you think I'm funny？

My hair gotten away and I just kept talking down to myself。🎼Right Fred， come on。

Who walks around with their hand up like this， he is so arrested with fear that his hands up like this。

My friend over there， she just had a question for me。I don't know， do you guys sing。

 you look like you might be a singer or something， this is how you don't pick up。

What the hell is with all the hand movements， there's too much energy， it's too high energy。

 can it sit down？🎼はいしゃ。That room。Dining。Actually he's on his own at this point you want later on。

I could tell you where to go to get good furniture here。How's it going now they know， oh great。

 now we have another low valued male coming in。pretty he works in the furniture business too We're all in the furniture business none of us sets have been truly engaged or I'm they're inventing their own conversational threads so how do you guys know who you know and how do you know no one's interested of course？

Fred's having a tough time。They're both having a tough time。Make a secret predict， have a predict。

はははは。Oh我 god。😊，Toally locked for。Frid's just sitting there taking it。You's been my boss for a while。

I really can't handle that。Okay。Anybody does that to me， I'll kick their ass。

So what do you guys do at？And your best friends， they're all three best friends we watching。

🎼Two men in。Sets。Fail， they're drowning。Thank you so much。🎼I们では。Well， guys。

None of you were able to get a phone number。And quite frankly， guys。

 I'm rather discouraged by some of your performances。One of you got in the way of your wing。Pritique。

Actually。Turned your back， sat next to him when he asked you to come join。

I would never do that to a friend。It lowerres my value too， it lowers my buddy'iess value。

I want you to think about how bad you want this。The winner of tonight's field test was able to isolate his target。

And quite frankly， he followed direction and executed。

Exactly what we taught him and the one who did the best in tonight's field test。Is。Joe W。M。

Well they announced the winner， I was ecstatic， I'm like， yes。

The first slap going through my head was all right， you know，'m at the top now。

 because you won tonight's field test， you get to select two wingmen。And this will protect them。

From elimination。Today is the second elimination just in a couple hours somebody else is going to go home。

I think one of the reasons that I might be sent home。Is that I feel like I。

I completely discredited Fred。Anybody does that to me， I kick their ass。

And I think for that very reason， I should go home。How do you feel。Me， yeah。Okay， with leaving。

I haven't decided on who my wing men are going to be tonight。

 I have an idea some people that I would consider having be my wingman。

 but it's definitely up in the air right now The tension is going to be high。

I feel vulnerable about leaving tonight。I want to stay。

II'm going to save myself the emotional harangue and just ask Joe for help。

I just really need your help， that's all。Clearly， yeah pretty deep。

 I know he's definitely on the cutting board， I'm not exactly sure if he's worthy of a lifesaver。

I want to know that you're going to do better next week。

Maybe if I just get myself in the right frame of mine。And I mean。

 why I keep you around if you can't guarantee you getting in the right frame of mind for next week？

If you can stop。Stop being stupid。All right。Tty， I do want you to stick around， I enjoy your company。

 great guy and so。Good talk。Good evening。During the field test， you did not build attraction。

You went straight from opening to comfort building and that's where you all fell short。But for now。

Take a moment to consider how far you've come。such a short time。With that being said。

I'm still forced to eliminate one of you。Because。As you know。

 only one of you can become a master pickup artist。Let's begin。Level two， the Yellow medallion。

This is the symbol lagse， it represents cleansing action。As you can see。

 there are six medallions on this table。And there are seven of you， unfortunately。

 that means one of you will not be receiving a medallion tonight， and one of you will be sent home。

Joe。You won the field test。Congratulations。Please take a medallion， you've earned it。

Which two of your fellow participants？Would you like to make your wingman？

And save from elimination this week。The two classmates of mine that I'm going to choose as my wingman tonight are。

Cosmo。And pretty deep。Cosmo and Praip。Fair。Cosmo and Purdue。Joe has saved you this time。

But before I let you go， I would like you both to know。

That you're going to need to step up your game， and I feel you both know that too， right？Gentlemen。

 please accept these medallions。You've earned them。The three of you。Are free to go。

The next medallion。Go to someone who has really committed。

 it is clear that you are improving with every set。Zhou。Please accept this medalen。He earned it。

You are free to go。Yeah。The next person I would like to give a medallion to。

Is someone who has truly committed to our teachings。Scott。You are safe from elimination。

Please accept this medallion。I've yearned it， I've earned it。You're free to go。As you can see。

 there's one medallion left。And two of you seated before us。One of you will be going home tonight。

And then there were two。Guys， quite frankly。🎼I feel as if I should。Eliminate both of you right now。

I thought you each took a step back in the field test。You both open sets。

But neither of you applied the attraction gambits that we taught you。

When I don't see you apply our teachings。You're wasting my time。Fred。

 you let for deep just sit in front of you。And push you out of a set that you opened。

And you felt that。And did nothing to respond to your feelings。You accepted your fate。

 and if you keep doing what you've always done， you'll keep getting what you've always gotten。

You have a lot of potential。And I don't see you embracing it。Brety。You went into a set。

And then abandoned our method。And didn't build any attraction。Looks can only get you so far。

See what it boils down to in the end。For both of you。Is a willingness to learn。And for that reason。

 only。I will give one of you。One last chance。Fred。It's game over。Thank you for being a part of us。

Ready。Please accept this final medallion。You're free to go。🎼Thank you。

I feel like I learned a lot from history， especially about the rules of attraction and how they work。

 I am going to talk to everybody， I'm going to talk to every person I meet in public。

I think my biggest accomplishment was having the girl in the bar ask me to sit down。

 I've never had that happen before， nobody wanted me to ever sit down。I'm going to open some sets。

 I'm going to try to build the traction。Teacher is going to be different。

Next time on the pickup artist。Mystery's lesson is all about fishing。Very good， very good， very good。

But in the field， can they close the deal？A you， make out， make out， make out。🎼Ain't。

 no crime and let yourself go。And it all leads to the elimination where another student's journey。

It's game over。Want more of the pickup artist？Check out exclusive interviews。

 extra scenes and other unseen footage of the show only on vspot at vh1。 com。😊，🎼It's make time。

🎼Just imagine that you are kissing a woman。And the men need practice。

You look like you're kissing your grandmother。But will it work in the field？Just make out， make out。

Learn the rules， get the girls， the pickup artist next Monday at nine， only on BH1。

