# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 04（中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously on the pickup artist。🎼the students got a makeover。 This isds gone wild。

You look like that 80s movie break into electricric Boogaoo。

And mystery revealed the key to attracting women be interesting then the woman will become interested in you。

And they learn Do you know what a you smile is a you smile of the kind of smile that you have I'm not that funnyhu it's not that easy I'm rather discouraged by some of your performances。

At elimination， no one was safe pretty you're wasting my time。

 looks can only get you so far and everybody needs to up their game Fred。

 if they want to stay game over。🎼Tonight on the pick artist think they're good kiss。

 you all it's all about kissing。 you want to make a woman feel secure and safe。

 they learn the signals I got this。😊，I can then lean in and smell her and the style this is what I'm good I think you're forgetting that that's not a real woman。

But in the field， will they score？Just make out， make out。Two have gone home。

Six remain whose game will end tonight。🎼I the 40 year old merchant never had a girlfriend women become gay。

8 men with the zero game。🎼Have turned to the one man who can change them。

 This is about building a life from lovable losers to irresistible ladies men wholl become the next pick up artist。

😊，I love Bradty， and I love Fred Man， so I'm just like。🎼Can't mystery pick them both you know bit。

It's not going to happen， man。Yeah。啊。When Brady came around the corner， I was so relieved， you know。

 I want that guy with me on the final three I screwed up。🎼他一个。I didn't call the rule。

 Myster said I failed， no， I didn't do what I was supposed to do and I was definitely reprimanded for that。

When I don't see you apply our teachings， you're wasting my time。去老是不你天丢。😊，Oh my gosh， no。

 but I know I need to really。Push things forward it， it's like looks can only get you so far， Brady。

 Brady man， you're in trouble homeie blonde hair back and like。GQ poses but now Def fan hey homeboy。

 you were the last one to get picked， you almost went home step your game up This is Fred thank you for all the life lessons we love you to life lessons life lessons Well there's six of us left and after that celebration。

 the vibe in the house it was really tense the smaller little you know family in the house gets the more I realize that I'm not safe you know I'm never safe and right now it's anyone's game。

I got up early again today， like I always do and started studying。

 the field has become a great deal more competitive。

 and I have to continue to push my boundaries and push myself to do things that I wouldn't do otherwise。

I feel overall that I could do way better， I don't want people to keep on saving me like I don't want to feel that I want to be like okay。

 I survived by myself and really have to put in the work。

Mystertry called us today and said that he has a surprise for us and knowing mystery that could be anything。

Hey guysy， it's nice to see you again。 everyone doing okay， good。Well， as you know。

 attracting women is an art。 What I teach you are really tools for an artist who thinks they are a good kisser。

You all do absolutely Scott， why didn't your hand go up I just lack of experience。Fair。🎼By。

 good kisser。 Oh yes， Yeah， absolutely。 So you feel confident。 Oh yeah， yeah。 I think that。

🎼By the rates at which you're progressing， you might soon find yourself in a position。

To kiss a beautiful woman， when that moment of truth comes。You're going to want to be prepared。

 have a treat。Come with me。后面。Mytri， he approached in her kitchen and he's like，" well。

What do you guys think about kissing and immediately bells were kind of going up？

Hold on what's over in that other room？Ladies， these are my friends， come on in。

You all remember Tara from the other night，And this is another friend of mine Leah， gentlemen。

Now it's time for your lesson。I suppose I could try to teach you how to be good kissers。

But I have a feeling。Tara and Leah will do a much better job。 We'll take good care of them。 I agree。

🎼Yeah。You will be tested。On what you've been taught， so pay attention， have fun and good luck。嗯。

Thank you so much welcomecome gentlemen， All right， let's take a seat。

Mystery and I have been friends for a while and Mysteries's method helps people make a connection that is beyond sex so I am here to help them learn something or at least feel more comfortable getting really close to a woman How important do you guys think it is to be a good kisser？

It's huge now I think it's very important Yeah， you would be absolutely correct。The first kiss。

 it's just a really special moment if someone isn't a good kiss or it's。

You can't go anywhere from there， that's big， it's really huge if you're going in for a first kiss。

It's about comfort， not arousal it is about。Gaiing her trust， you want to make a woman feel secure。

And safe。 Can everybody make a C with their finger。And with everyone in this works gentleman。

Is do a see across our face。And just slightly brush the hair off her face。

Maybe you can end with touching her lips softly。🎼Anything going closely。🎼当。Are you paying attention。

Good。I've never actually initiated the kiss I'm always really shy and always feel more comfortable having like the girl making the first move and so I don't know。

 I want to make sure that I don't like you know get the slap in the face or stuff when you go in for the first kiss You've just got to feel it out You've got to feel out the right time to kiss a girl and she will give you the signals but when you do it do not hesitate It's all about confidence In spite of the fact that I've learned that it takes confidence I don't have any I'm not used to this sort of thing I need practice at it All right。

 how do you jump in like peaches。Sistically， I love them sensual kissing fruit， it's kind of funny。

 but part of the whole thing is just being comfortable and having fun。🎼How you这。

Just imagine that you are kissing women。And imagine how that would be。🎼对于我了烈。

I thought they were going kind of fumble around， but they were really going for it Ki it like you would kiss a person listen to the what the peach is saying I finger remember the C and remember you don't want to introduce the tongue within the first 30 seconds。

You look like you're kissing your grandmother。I think you're forgetting that that's not a real woman。

Honestly， I was surprised， I was actually really impressed， I think they did a really good job。

 but they really need some。First hand experience。Well， then。

That was just practice Now it's time for your reward challenge you want to know what you're playing for Yes sir you were playing for。

This in your ear， me。Right in your ear， a little voice。

The voice I think you'll appreciate at the right time。In your next field test。

That's the best reward we've gotten so far is to have mystery in your it's like as high tech pickup as it gets This is after all。

A reward challenge。Now you'll be judged on how well you kiss。Tara。不想去年。Coming up。

 the lesson gets a whole lot hotter， this is what I'm good at。

But will the students be able to use their new skills？to close the deal in the field。Got it。This is。

 after all， a reward challenge。Now you'll be judged on how well you kiss。Tara。

You may now leave the room and we'll call you in one by one good luck。だ。喂。可以。

These guys are going to have to kiss a woman and food is great and fun to practice on and we had a great time。

 but they really need some firsthand experience。When I walked in the room and saw Tara there with a blindfold。

 I felt very nervous。I just haven't kissed a her in a long， long time。

My plan was essentially to make a see。Go under the chin， and then up。🎼Very good， very， very。

 It was great kissing Tara。 The first thing I thought is wow。I was very into it。

 I felt exceedingly passionate。Mふ。🎼No。I've been told that I'm not necessarily the worst kisser in the world。

 but there's definitely still little approach anxiety opportunity。Okay。🎼B。

I didn't know how much passion to put into it， I'm really， really， you know like bashful。🎼あだ。🎼哎呀。

Like I think if I do anything well， it's kissing。I'm the kind and kisser who's just extremely gentle and really slow and when I did that like I felt like I want feel like I did excellently okay。

🎼Goodcha。The good kisser someone who's working with you。

 you're not just kissing on to somebody else you are。

Receiving and reacting to what the other person is doing。Look like he enjoyed it。🎼Next。🎼明吧。

I was nervous when I found out that we would be kissing someone and then when it's Tara。

 that certainly didn't make me to feel less nervous。🎼这样。Sometimes the kiss is like， you know。

 one person does one thing and the other person reacts and it's kind of this great beautiful dance and there wasn't a whole lot of that going on。

 I feel my performance was a bit lacklutster。What do you think of that one？

I'm nervous and that's the problem， you know，s supposed to be kissing a woman。

 I don't want to feel nervous about it。🎼Yeah。Okay， that's enough。

You may ask the room and they told us they really want you to take control and that's what I did we'll see what happens。

The grabbing of the head。It was great the only person who like took control。 Oh you like that。Yeah。

 like hey， hey， hiy。Yes， this is what I'm good at。 I love it because， you know， Latinos。

 we're born out of the wound out of like， you know， right when we're like  zero。

 we know how to make out。 It's just in a culture。 Latinos know how to make out。😊，You know。

 when you have such a good kiss， you feel like your're soul， your touched for like one second。

 I just forgot about everything and I was just like。In space making out with a fine blonde girl。

Good job。🎼因为。There was some good kisses and there were definitely some bad kisses。

 but I'm proud of each and every one of them， these guys are going to do great。Well， well， well。Boys。

 ladies， it's time to reveal the Kis Challenge winner。Who came in third place Well actually。

 mystery looks like there was a tie for second place。Oh for deep， Pur deep。And Jo D。

 very good gentlemenman， you both came in second together and the winner is the winner。Is cosmo。🎼W们。

Congratulations， Cosmo。I'll shake your hands I won the best reward so far and because you won Cosmo。

 you get the benefit of having me in your earbud tomorrow night Yes。

 there is no way I am going to lose this challenge I'll be in your head I love you。

I get to have mystery inside my brain when I'm talking to a girl。

 I'm going to have a little earpiece。And it's going to be money。

Coming up who are you going to touch everybody you're just a touchy guy the guys learn the moves this should be taught in every high school in America。

And in the field test。They put their moves into motion make make。

The pressure's on because later i was personally quite disappointed someone will be eliminated game over。

Today， My is going to teach us something new。And I'm really looking forward to it。

I have no idea what we're going to do and I'm anxious and I'm nervous and I'm just like。

 I want to see what he's going to teach us， you know？🎼，Hey guys， hello。嗯。

Today we're going to learn about kiss tactics in order to build enough attraction and comfort so that you can get closer to a woman we call a kote kote means kinesthetic for touch。

 touching your hair， touching your shoulder， These are these light keynot touches。

 how soon into the set should you begin touching。But。15 seconds in。

Who are you going to touch everybody You're just a touchy guy right a part of kno escalation will require you to hold hands if she's uncomfortable holding hands don't expect her to feel comfortable kissing you so we have several kiss tactics。

So here's one of the ones that I use， you ready？🎼If you can get a solid kno base here。

 that's all you get。 you let go and it's tight。 If it's not tight， If I notice it's a little loose。

 I can then say， all right。 You're losing me。Now that I've rolled off。

 she will feel the discomfort it's as if she said or did something wrong to turn me off。

 she now will feel compelled at that moment to come chase me。🎼Yeah。

Remember at this point she's attracted and the kinestic touch feels good。

 she enjoys it and you release before she feels discomfort and then she wants to feel that good feeling again so she's gonna no no。

 tell me what So does this make sense I've got this？And this now she's comfortable。

 I can then lean in and smell her a lot closer than I will， right， and that is a statement of intent。

Now I've rolled off。As she engages you in conversation。

 that's a strong IOI you now know that you can go in for the kiss。

🎼You can say to her after the arm and Ar thing， I'm trying so hard not to kiss you right now。 Okay。

 get off me。 I' not even thinking about that。 Where was I。

 That's a key component for you to use in field。 All right， guys。

 take the information that we've given you， In it into your head。

 because tonight will be your next field test。 Your objective will be to pick a target。

And kiss close her。Continue to work on your game。And I'll see you later。

Game time game time I'm a little nervous about the field test because I've never like initiated a kiss before I'm always a lot more comfortable if they make the first move。

I feel stressed out， I hate the field tests I haven't been able to execute up to mystery standards。

 I still feel like I have to prove myself to them chest up， chest up chest up。

 you cant there go yeah yeah。They' like your hands， they' like your hands， there you go。

 there you go。m。Your money。마你。🎼Tonight's field test will likely be one of the most challenging for our students。

 The objective is to kiss a woman with her permission and to get there。

 they'll literally have to get physical with their targets and begin to kno escalate。 Additionally。

 they'll need to identify indicators of interest from their target in order to recognize when they can move in for a kiss misinterpret the signs and they'll get shut out read the signs correctly and both the student and the young lady are in for a good time。

 As always， the student that shows the most proficiency in this area of pickup will win the field test and be immune from elimination。

Well，Cosmo， because you won the kiss Challen。Here is your earbud。🎼Thanks。

I will be your coach on the other end that should help your game out。Guys， make me proud tonight。

And more importantly。Make yourself proud。🎼Good lucko people sing around。🎼一起飞动。

I was on the chopping block last time。If little nerve w racking to be put under so much pressure。

 I need to really step up my game。Coming up， the students take their new skills into the field and while Cosmo hangs on mysteries every word。

🎼You're driving me crazy。 I'm trying so hard not to kiss you right now。

 Ill be now I'm trying real one student finds out that this is his last field test。It's game over。

🎼每天每个赞。I'm a little nervous about the kiss closed field test。

 hopefully I'm going to break that mental barrier and be able to understand when it's appropriate to move in for the kiss。

Yeah。I'm ready save this。🎼这妹。Iice pay for the mail。Everybody。You know her。What introduceds me to her。

 that's the polite thing to do。Yeah， there you go。She's dancing right for him， going8 it's on。

What do you have going for you other than your looks？🎼看谁。That's all you got。What's your skill。

Here we go， good， lean back， slow down。Lg in。🎼下 right。🎼好玩呀。Make out， make out， make out。🎼他们。

He's got if he doesn a trigger。Thanks for morning take come on America coming。Just hold the trigger。

怎么？Even from now you're at myspace。🎼么。She's rolling off， he blew it， he blew it。

I didn't ever feel that point where it was just like I could really。Tiss a girl。

 I just didn't see it， it was close， it was very close。

She was sending Is she was sending Iiss you exited a perfectly good looking girl。here。🎼No。

我们 actually呀。Nobody's just coming down， hanging out for a couple weeks。Paper we got this。

Right after this stack forward， get ready with it， I'd be preparing it in my head at this moment。

We're going to stay as long as the Cap。たくたい。It's really fun， are you get you guys from here then？猫跳战。

Oh， okay， okay， small color。That first。She's running the set I would even say that she's working him。

So you guys are in the， you guys are like way in the dance it's like you're trying to get them to talk where's your material bro。

 we gave you loads。🎼な你。有这么。🎼かわ。I don't even know your name， see， that's at DLB she just。

Through an IOD at。And he's locked out。first suppression is blocked。

 there's a whole room full of people to interact with， this is a dead set， just move on。

HereWe got pretty deep。Hey， would you guys like to get a larger booth over here？

that what's he trying to do， what's your objective here？We're going to the BIP。BIピ'm aビ。

What can I share？I'm a VIP， I'm a VIP。🎼All right。谢。Is there free alcohol？There's nothing more。

Disgusting。It a forced pull， come on， pull it's kind of needy。

I don't even know I did things up to Myster's lowest standards， the non elimination standards。Okay。

 sulson said。I got a question of a major import， I going to go get to my buddies in a second。

 butm arguing my friends with this over。トと。Before。After。New brush。Yeah， I thought that true。Yeah。

 the thing is no one knows the answer， the job。🎼C。は你。Oh， that was a。Pair touch。

 and that was for that man with a hat， not for Scott。I。们。Yeah， why don' we go somewhere the local？哦。

He was doing great， I'm disappointed in you。God is just walking around like this weird ethereal ghost like robot。

快人。多い。This is a monumental horn。Good3。It doesn't have momentum from phase to phase to phase。

He would rather， hed rather leave than stay there and be uncomfortable He doesn't want to get a girl。

🎼，Right here。YouAll right。可愛です。🎼今は有です。🎼各位人我。These women are looking for high value males。

You know how to demonstrate that you're a high value man。🎼Now do it。この。

I feel like we're too similar we would fight all the time。

Your doubling needs to be in a locking position。I perfect， I like the way he's leaning back。

Take the number。Though W is doing great right now， he's in Lakin。Clients testing。外事。

What have you got going for you？Because I mean， look around the bar。A lot of pretty girls。Thank you。

 perfect。YeahYeah。I think I have a great smile。Well。

 I appreciate that I think you have a wonderful smile as well。

So into him right now that's more than three Is more than three Is for cryno loud what do you want a FedEx envelope？

I had raised the keynote enough that I know the kiss clothes was there， I feel like I failed。

I feel disappointed in how I performed， I had the kiss clothes there。

 but they didn't pull the trigger。I won the reward challenge and the reward was that I got to have mystery in my ear。

Cosmo， can you hear me？Yeah， I yeah， good。🎼坚去。Did you see the fight？

Despite fight to happen I had about half an hour ago。Oh my god， these， these two girls might。

Over like this white guy， like he was this tall with a white tank top。It's like one of the girls。

they're notThank you， perfect， see now he looks money， right？🎼不给他来。你来。Oh yeah， he's getting iOS。

Oh whoa，5，5， Are you testing your？Move the set out of over here。🎼我的。喂。🎼Every。Begin keyno escalation。

Light touch okay， let's play a game， here drop your drink。

Don't get any ideas Don't get any idea for you。🎼All all right。

 you're losing me Okay you're you' losing over。何枚高で。🎼W， wow。🎼I love your company， your fun I。🎼Right？

🎼Thank you。 I think you here， too。You're driving me crazy。

 I'm trying so hard not to kiss you right now real。Why。でなね。完 know。🎼我亮。🎼啦啦啦。🎼Com and let yourself go。

😊，🎼来 go来 go。All right， buddy， you're on your own， well done。Well。

 it looked like you guys had some fun。Quite a difference from the first time I saw you a field in the newbie drill and I'm proud of each and every one of you。

But tonight， there can only be one winner。And the field test winner。Is。

Cosmo because you won tonight's field test。You have the power。To protect two wingmen。And guys。

 unfortunately。One of you will be going home。At elimination。Yeah。I feel scared， I feel worried。

 and I don't think I've proven in any single way compared to how I was before。

It's frustrating to see myself not improving the field I feel vulnerable about leaving tonight。

It was a terrible night for me， I really just ground to a halt on the last field test。

And I failed to meet mission objectives。Despite last night， I'm still working at it。

 I really feel that I could learn so much more， I can still become the master pickup artist。

Good evening。The path to mastery still holds many challenges。

I feel you're seeing the light now of where this can take you。Unfortunately。One of you。

Will not be receiving。I'm medallion tonight。Let's begin。Level three， green， this is the symbol Kanu。

It represents enlightenment， the light at the end of the tunnel。Cosmo， congratulations。

 you kissed a girl by following the method。You've demonstrated type game。

Sure you had me coaching you at times。But you did a lot of good things on your own far cry from your first night out where you didn't even approach right。

 Yeah， oh hell yeah。And because you won the field test。You are immune from elimination。

Please take a medallion。You earned it。🎼ピピ。Cosmo， which two of your fellow students would you like to make your wingmen and save from elimination this week？

Zdi， Jodi。And。🎼joeW， JoeW。Maed or any comments for Joe， Joe I thought you did very well。

And I thought。You were going to kiss the girl。And。I think just the right pieces were thrown。

And it was beautiful to see just's two people vibing and having a good time and you felt it， I mean。

 I felt it I was just watching it。Look beautiful。Jedug， any comments for Joe D。

 I just couldn't understand why you stayed in that first set where they had the power and they just were seeking validation and you kept giving it to them I'd like to see you running the game that I know you can run。

All right， gentlemen。Please take your medallions。You've earned them。The three of you are free to go。

As you can see， there are now three of you。And only two medallions。

One of you will be going home tonight。As you can see， there are now three of you。

And only two medallions。P deep， you were literally pulling girls trying to get them into the VIP section。

 right？Not leading them and you were saying I'm VIP， I'm VIP， come with me， come with me， I know。

Try to bribe him on top of that with alcohol。Yeah。Brady。Your looks are working for you。

But what happens when you're competing？Against another good looking guy。

That's why we need to develop game。Yeah， I'm still not seeing the game plan。

🎼And it was thoroughly demonstrated last night。 You had a beautiful girl open you and do everything that gave you a legal notice of hit on me。

 You failed to pick up on that。 I was personally quite disappointed。Scott， yes， sir。

 you seem to approach too many couples， you need to select the target。

 it's as if your approach anxiety is getting the best of you It's occurring to me still。

That when I see you and。You're trying to sell me something。You know。

 your energy levels aren't there when you speak， there's no authenticity about it。

 it seems prepackaged。More practice。The next medallion goes to someone who has shown me they are committed to this process。

This person approached numerous sets。And that shows us that you're improving。Bray。

Please accept this medallion。Youve earned it， you're free to go， thanks。There's one medallion left。

And two of you remain。Obviously。This means that one of you。We'll be leaving。

There's one medallion left。And two of you remain。This means that one of you。Well be leaving。Scott。

 in all my years of teaching， I've rarely had a student apply himself。As earnestly。As you。

They've come a long way。I worked hard for it。Pre deep。

You have been very resistant to applying the method。And since I personally know that it works。

 I find it very frustrating。Ultimately， I'm looking for someone who can become a master pickup artist。

And so the final medallion goes to the man that I believe in spite of everything else。

Has the most potential。To attain this goal。🎼结去。🎼。🎼Yeah。🎼，For deep。

Please accept this final medalignion。🎼We learned it。🎼，Scott， I'm sorry。

 your new life is still just beginning。But for here and now。It's game over。

It's been a pleasure working with you gentlemen。When I first came here， I was a very timid。

 tightly wound person。And since coming here， I've become a great deal more confident。

 I learned how to interact with people in a new way。Now I see that I can be friends with anybody。

And it's not nearly as hard as it was when I start。

I'm terribly disappointed that I didn't get to go further。

The game will continue and I will get better。There is no need to worry about me。

 I know what I'm doing and I have a roadmap to get where I'm going。

I want the women out there to know that the Scott is coming。🎼什么？Next week on the pickup artist。

 the students face their most revealing challenge yet。Uncom， uncomfortable。

🎼But the pressure to perform takes its toll on for deep and you want to call it you ring to like too late and for the first time。

 the guys are tested on how well they can pick up women during the day as far as I'm concerned that was and in the most emotional elimination yet one more student goes home。

