# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 09（中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

。E weeks ago。Eight romantically challenged men began their journey into manhood。

Their leader was this man。Mystery， the world's foremost pickup artist。

Little did they know their lives would never be the same again。

🎼I am looking to create a master pickup artist。 This is a lot more than just learning how to pick up a woman。

 It's about learning how to build a life through weeks of intense training he armed them with the knowledge that took him a lifetime to learn our job is to be interesting。

 You want to make a woman for。Are you paying attention attention Then he sent them out in the field and in the line of fire。

Some proved they have what it takes Did you know that？93% of girls masturbate in the shower。

 the other 7% sing， do you know what they sing？You must be the ones that masturbate them。🎼ははは。😊。

I know what needs to be done now while others struggle to keep up。They give my hair and a mohawk。

Look at her， just turn off。I've never been rejected before because I've never tried whatever happens in this whole experience。

I'm going to be a winner because I know that no matter who we are and who you look like。

I'm just as good as anyone and that's the biggest thing。One by one， they were sent home。

It's gameover。Until only two remained。Brady。And Cosmo tonight on the season finale of the pickup artist。

Their transformation is almost complete when mystery reveals the final challenge。

 the tables have turned and the students become the teachers。Look at back guy。

 he is your final challenge。you have to teach this kid how to pick up women in mind if I get a female opinion on something No that sucks you know my faces in your hands。

Yeah， just roll off。I don't think he knows what Rooff means Ki at a panic attack。

 hip make it happen right now who will prove they have what it takes， who will become。

The pickup artist。🎼I the40 year old merchant never had a girlfriend women get8 men。🎼The zero game。

🎼Ha turned to the one man who can change them。 This is about building on life from lovable losers to irresistible ladies man who would become the next pick up artist。

😊，I really had no idea who was coming down。Zhou。It's Gameover。Oh gosh， man。🎼I don't tell bro。

I got no more tears for no one。Obviously the hardest elimination。🎼Because。It was just me and JD man。

 crazy， and I knew that by me wanting to stay， Jo D had to go home。Now I'm just like。

 so grateful that I'm here。Before I got here， I was。Nobody。

 I didn't have anything and now I'm starting to feel like now I have a purpose。

 what were we doing before this， bro， I don't even know。は。It's kind of weird。

 it's like they took you out of your life and removed every aspect that you ever had from your life。

I don't know what's going on anymore。But I know who I am more and more every day that I'm here， man。

It's down to me in Cosmo。This is it。🎼100 degrees and inside。Damn bro， but it' is so crazy there。

Today I woke up in the morning I feel good and I'm like amped up， you know。

 I'm like just me and Brady， toe to toe， you know， no more excuses。Final two， bro。

What's going on in your mind right now when I say final two， hell great， I feel good。

Even though I mean， I don't know what's going to happen next。

 I do feel like I'm a heck of a lot more confident after I picked up an exotic dancer。

I feel like Cosmo has to feel that I'm a little competition because I've gotten to the point where I can pick of an exotic dancer。

I'm approaching this last challenge with。A whole lot of confidencence。I'm ready for whatever， man'am。

I'm just like， bring it on。I love you， Brady， but when it comes to money and when it comes to one year traveling the globe with a mystery。

I'm going to get 50 and I'm going to win。🎼Hello。Congratulations， gentlemen。

There is one final challenge that you must accept before I can crown one of you。

 a master pickup artist。But first。I think it's time we celebrate this journey together in the field。

🎼I'll pick you up at 9 PM。All right， cool for show I'm like， oh my God， what's going to go on。

 what is he going to tell us is he going to tell us to run outside right now that there's 400 models that want to have sex with you。

 I don't know what's going to happen。I'm like Brand on， man， you know， expect unexpected。You know。

 it's never like really a good surprise necessarily No， I know。

 but I mean it's a night in a town is's gonna be nightclubs。

 you know we're just gonna have fun tonight Are we Yeah should I white Are we I never had like a night when they were just like okay。

 no challenges Let's just party Are you gonna be the pretty now Are you taking over a pretty spot No I'm just God Wait？

I'm trying to stay relaxed as much as possible because it's going to get more intense。

I feel like it's just a mono I mono。I don't't I don't lose， man， I win， it's what I do， bro。

And the game is over。Coming up， let's enjoy the night。

 like only a pickup artist can The guys have a night out on the town with mystery and the wings Don't be rudeed to just your friends。

Hi cosmo and mystery shocks the students with the reveal of their final challenge。

He is your final challenge， this is not good。So tonight me and Bradier are riding with Myster in a limo and we don't know what we're doing。

 I hope there's not like a secret agenda to what My is doing you know？Guys。

 I'm sure you're wondering what your final challenge will be。And soon enough I will reveal it。

 but for now。Let's enjoy the night。This is really the first time that I get to go out with my boys。

Without the added tension and stress of it being a field test right。

 I'm not going to be judging your game， these are just the tools I've now given you that you get to use in field Its about time we could just like hang out and show it to you know？

Game time， baby。Walking inside the club with mystery， I feel like I am untouchable right now。Now。

 not only do I have power by myself going into a club， but have you put mystery by my side。Come on。

 man。Are you guys best friends？You keep on making the exact same facial expressions。No。

 you just did it right there again， like no we're not。Let's do it。Don't look now。

 but I think there's a girl that's trying to hit on you。it dont look over。

It felt so good to just relax and go out and play and have fun and use the skills that we've learned just hanging out and then I just started gaming and I was just locking in I was using all the gamuts。

 I mean the girls were just enjoying themselves， I was leaning back watching them you know。

 it was just it was fun I just had a great time If you always talked like that You have to put up with that all the time。

Hey guys， I've been arguing about this program。What do you think about girls to tattoo？

It was great hanging with the guys I mean they knew how to come in。

 how to body rock out and was beautiful Now is this they having a good time don't be rude me your。

Hismo。Oh yeah， you got your finally 21 option。I was at the table but I don't know how many girls were there and I'm looking across this Brady and a two set of very cute girls and like over on the VIP sofa this Cosmo and his's kickback and he's got a girl on either side。

 Madador is in the set， mysteries and said， the guys were just hanging out everyone was having fun it was great。

Do you look around this club and see things differently？And you saw before。

You see how the groups form。Two cents。Three sets。4 cents。

Do you see your old selves in some of the guys in here？どね。

The people that stick out so much are the people that are by themselves and that always used to be me。

Knowing how to pick up women。It's only the first part。Being a master pickup artist。

Being able to teach others。That's the second part。Look at that guy。干什么？I see him I y。

He points at a freaking wallflower I mean， this guy was like completely tensed up。

 he was so nervous that it looked like he was about to break。Is your final challenge？

Do you see that guy with the glasses and the interesting？Haircut， heat。It's your final shout。

I have to teach somebody else how to do this， right？Let me take you home in the limo。

And I'll explain it。Remember these two gentlemen。You'll be seeing them again。

You guys have both grown tremendously， but it wasn't too long ago。

When you were an average frustrated shump。Like the two guys I pointed out。

 being a master pickup artist is much more than just being able to attract beautiful women into your life。

 it's also being able to systematically convey that information in your head。Just someone else。

That's your final challenge。The tables have turned。And the students become the teachers。

And I've come this far and I wanted it to be real simple， me and Brady toe to toe。

 and another wall comes right in front of me boom。You have to teach this kid how to pick up women why tomorrow morning。

 you will meet your new students and begin training with some avatar building。

You will then have the rest of the day to prepare them for a night in the exact same club I want to see how well that you can teach these men I was really excited I just want to I want to teach somebody this you know I want to dress them up and make them look cool and then send them out there and watch them pick up women for the first time I mean I could win this beautiful man I'm so excited Yeah but's just gonna take a lot of work they'll hit the floor armed with only the material that you have taught them but unlike other field tests these guys will have you in their ear。

Literally， when mystery told me the challenge what I had to do， I'm like， I don't like this。

 somebody else has。Power。Of my destiny right now I'm getting very scared because that's going to be the final challenge and that sucks。

 Remember what's at stake here。$5if0，000。And the title。A master pickup artist。Coming up。

🎼I the final two students meet face to face with their next challenge everything good。

 everything good rough you't mind you get the out and which student will excel at passing on their gaming skills。

😊，T crazy I know how you feel， hope it doesn't choke because everything is underlying for me。😊，🎼う。

🎼The。I'm on my way to go meet up this kid named Ki and I know nothing about him all I know is that he cannot pick up women man meet I saw you yesterday man how you feeling right now I'm feeling good he looks like a computer nerd but he hasn't got laid in a while he looks like he was were I was at the first week I was here and I'm like I don't want to teach you man I'm like you's too much to learn the first step is we need to change everything。

Your avatar has to be on point tonight That's what's gonna make girls say who the hell is this kid My name's Ki and I'm 32 years old Why do I not have a girlfriend I don't know every time I go to the find a girlfriend' store they're out of my size every time Once we have your avatar out of the way all we ought to do is teach you the game in seven hours have one day to cram in all my information that I learned from all this time I've been here into his brain。

I let him pick like three outfits and it became very clear that I needed to take charge。

I almost throw up by myself， man， I want to give him the tools， you know， I'm kind of like。

 pick out your outfit， your avatar， nice。🎼I。ま。そ分？Let' play better man。

We've got an awful lot to cover。And we only have a little bit of time。

 a really little bit of time we're starting from ground zero with these guys， it's a lot of pressure。

The way you look。The way you present yourself This is called your avatar Okay which is your outside appearance my name is Dylan I'm from Minnesota I live in Chicago right now and I build arcade machine When you put on lots of cool clothes and like jewelry and belt buckles and cool boots that's called peacocking because like a peacock feathers that's how the woman knows that you are a healthy mate Okay basically。

We want girls to turn around and say， who's this kid， what about the eyebrows？

You don't want to look like every other guy when you walk into a club because otherwise she'll think you're every other guy when you approach her absolutely we' got to find something for you that's going to。

Be a little different。No。No， I don't think that works。

I think that shirt's a little sea my Yeah I don't know Dylan's makeover was extremely difficult。

 but at the same time I think I can do this I feel like this is something that I can pull off。

Dylan and I got back to the mansion and there's Cosmos guy。something guys up bro。man。

 what's your name Brady Ki Kiip Brady Ki Dylan Dylan Dylan nice meet you meet you you Dylan all cosmo man nice to meet you after seeing Ki I'm giving Dylan a little bit more of a makeover we go。

My friend。呵呵。😊，I mean， this guy's in my hands， I feel like people are gonna look at him like I'm the guy who dressed him up。

 so I'm going all out。 All right， you know my face in your hand。We did his hair。

 we shaved his beard and we put on broner Yeah look at that you're just tanning right up look at you boys my strategy is to like build up those health indicators you know Panner skin is more of a health indicator than paler skin so I thought he would look a lot better with broner and I feel like he does。

There you go， that's much nicer it might if I get a female opinion on something no。

You're asking for permission， do I mind， you know what I do mind you do your money though I love you。

Yeah， I need to get a female opinion。 Why am I saying that again tiny I wanted to get a。Iian。

Hey guys， I wanted to get a female opinion。Opening part is throwing me crazy。Kep is not ready， man。

He's not ready， you know， he's getting what I'm saying。

 but I feel like it's very overwhelming for him right now open with I got that song stuck in my head you spin me right round who sings that song before they answer then I want to stack forward stack forward cutting a thread going to another subject Cosmo basically filled me in every aspect of being the pickup artist is's bombarded me with all these different steps It's just a lot of information。

I know how you feel。I know how you feel trust。 I know。 right。 That's right， yeah。

🎼He's already overwhelmed with the girls our lifestyle。

 And now he has to go out tonight and open a set talk to women。 And he's never done that before。

 But for now， I'm gonna be passionate。 I'm gonna give him a hug。 I say yo， no matter what happens。

 I'm you kid I'm going try my best。 know， So hope he doesn't choke because everything is online for me。

 I'm gonna go home with $50000 and it that simple， you're gonna be money you might steal my mom for。

 like you're gonna be money。 I'm in your camp， but she is ready to up with。

 It's really gonna meet right now。 that's it。 You're getting Dylan a little socially awkward。

 and I'm hoping to get over that。 You are this freaking awesome guy。's just passing by。

 You don't owe them anything。 You don't want anything from them。 I got this friend name permanent。😊。

Han't been laid two and a half years All right so two weeks ago change his name to Steve gets laid like rock no joke Yeah there that was much better Dylan's really having a good time with all of this and he's catching on really fast he's picking up all the steps very well I'm wondering how he's gonna do in field though because he seems like he has a lot of approach anxiety。

Andight will be interesting。I feel pretty good Yeah Im actually proud of how he's coming along I have confidence in him and he has all my passion and all my love for what I've learned and it's going to show nice bro。

🎼Nice。The Piiesre resistance， I feel like Dylan has a very good chance of doing well out there I。

🎼He could definitely witness。 Hopefully， everything will go fine。 That's very nice， very nice。

 I'll definitely be able to take what I've learned so far and hopefully make Brady proud。

 It's overwhelming and totally anticipating a couple crashs。

 But I need to go out and prove myself to everyone。

 And Cosmo that everything that he's shown me is paid off。 look good。 That good。😊。

This is truly the last stage in any great pickup artist's evolution。In order to teach your skills。

 you must have internalized them to a great degree。Until you can teach the game to another guy。

 you can't truly be considered a master pickup artist。Welcome， gentlemen。Bray。Yeah。Cosmo。

Your path to mastery is almost complete I think the guys have come a long way from the beginning and。

I'm so happy for them J Dog and Mattador。We'll watch the action from the inside this is it guys。

The final field test。We will see just how good you are。

Coming up hear the new students skills are put to the test Would you guys say it like a guy named Herman like do you think that's kind of an？

Whose student will have the best game in the field？どちい。🎼Couch and with everything on the line。

 it is my pleasure to welcome you to our club。 only one will be chosen。 you are the pickup artist。😊。

Nice last field toast。It's really intense， everything's on the line right now I feel like it's out of our hands。

 you know we can coach the guys out there but ultimately it's going to be up to them so hopefully the training that we've given them is enough to handle whatever comes at them in field。

You you can hear me。I think。We're just going to open， do some material， offer your arm and say， hey。

 let's go make some new friends。Good question， would you guys get data guy named Herman honestly？

🎼E think看 now。Yeah。对。Be coaching， go go into cutest little kid， cutest little kid。

I was driving with my buddy the other day。🎼キ this okay。

we're driving by we see this little kittys on like a skateboard。咋死？But he needs to roll off。

Tell them。I'll feed them and like， no。Hey man， you need to roll up， roll up。

Oh not just correct themHey man， yeah， just roll off。

I don't think he knows what Ro off means he's gr see that red couch to your right， that's the couch。

That's where you just bring a girl there， it's really easy。Open the set to your left with Herman。

You guyss dating a guy named Herit。Its got see like a guy named Herman。

Like do you think that's kind of an o？We have many， too much swearing it， so no more' swear。

It's going to count against them。Don't swear anymore。Sorry after for。You don't talk like it。

Everything's going to be fine， pick something that you'd like to approach a set。Hey， you got。

 I need a female perspective on this。I'm sorry about it， okay， it gets good， it gets good。

to body rock， body rock so my little sister。You've been datinging this guy for like three months。

She's 19， like she 19 years old， get she wants to get her name tattoo on her heart。I want。

What are you guysall think there， That's crazy。That's good。 That's good。あいい。Remember I'm watching。

To see。How good of a coach and teacher you are。The problem is obviously like what would you do if I was your bigger brother trying to warn you？

She is cute。Yeah， she's hitting on you， man。So you got to get back to your friends in a second I got to get back to my friends in one second but hey I'm okay。

 that was great man， good。False time constraint。I'm right back， Nice to meet you， I'm back。Hold on。

 just lean back， clean back， don't walk around， don't walk around。So after youll get to Maya wise。

 I want you to just hold out your arm and say， hey， let's go meet some friends。

Should I just add you now， go back and sayy。got to。No， no， no， no， no， just say， hey。

 let's meet some new friends， put out your arm， assume she's going to put her arm around yours。

I need another thing。Hey， do the natural hair color。Natural hair color neck， say natural hair？

No much。Hey you want to go make some friends？Just offer your arm， offer your arm。

Here I got this the VIP calendar。What are you thinking about light right now All right there's a touchstone Now it's not bad very great job man you're doing awesome you're doing really awesome I feel like I was a good teacher I could win this it's very possible It's like we were in it together It's like we were a team and we won。

She is into you man， she is into you。あい个。All right， Dylan did a very good job。And so did you。

 thanks well done。Come on in。SoHey， bud。All right， here come G All right， I wish you luck， thanks。

Okay， so let's open with our 80s music。I got to get back to my friends in a second。

 but get this over the fight outside site。Get to get back。I。🎼拆了。

Cap the girl right in front of you tell her not to be rude， shows over here。

Tap the girl tell her not to be rude， she over here， let's go， buddy。

You guys came to a social gathering， don't be rude， shows over here， let's go。🎼你该啥这 one下。Couch。Okay。

 just lock in somewhere and pick your target。You going to see the fight outside like。Like crazy。

Andws student has opened a set。不是是这个人。By the way， I saw the cutest kid today。On the way over。

We call this really cute。I just walking。今りざ。🎼没有。The wind like， hey， what's going on was。

And I was like， welcomele to Austin。Some my。Color she's so cute and imp pogged， her nose wiggles。

こんにしは？どうぞいます。Tell them that you want it taken back to the VIP table。And go right。H up。to be just。

you guys have a good night。Walk away， bro it's cool， we'll look to another set。I must be honest。

 Brady's student。Brought a setback to that。Lock in position。

Kip had a panic attack and I got the biggest feeling of Dejau man I've been there before。

And then I just was。In the moment I told him I'm like， you have 28，000 days to live。

 make it happen right now。Relax 28，000 days and live and don't worry about it， life is short。

 just dive in there and get your feet wet big dog。You're cool man， this is a warm up。

 you're going to meet your perfect girl， take a deep breath。Your money， baby， your money。Olpen。

 did you see the fight outside？a fight outside like。🎼来消棍。Are you guys best friends？Yeah， yeah， yeah。

 you talk a lot and shows over here。Nnife。Bouncing back， bouncing back to the VIP。

 saying let's have some fun ladies。Side by side， get their arm side by side。

 that's all you get for now， don't get no ideas。Well， done。

Make her make her make her lean back and talk to the other girl a little bit too this is your target right next to you that you're talking to don't pay so much attention to her right now。

Right。That feels better now he gets to keep her engaged as well， engage her better。

 talk to the girl all the way to the side， ignore the girl in the middle for a while now。

Tell the girl in the middle， you know why me you would never get along。Lock in， please lock in。

I got a big pool party tomorrow let me get your phone number and you're more than welcome to come。

Go to leave。And he's got the number， all right， nice， well done。🎼ありた。Jo， buddy， good job。all right。

 he did a very good job。 Thank you and so did you Thank you。Well done gentlemen。

 congratulations guys。Cosmo， how do you feel k？I'm honestly proud that he even opened the set and I just had so much to tell him because I can see everything that he was doing wrong and like now I know what you guys feel like man。

Very good。Brady， how do you think Dylan did？I'm really impressed with how he did。

He exceeded my expectations。Very good。Maor were in field with them。What did you see？Ready。

 your guy opened more sets and isolated more girls。Cosmo， your guy。Isolated the girls。

 and I think there was more of a charge in the interaction between him and the girls。

There's more sexual chemistry。What about you， J Doug？

I was just impressed with both of them for having such a short period of time of training。Dylan。

 he was first。First of all， he looked very predatorial walking around， Dylan opened some sets。

 it was good to see。He did a good job。Kip looked a little off， it took him a while to get warmed up。

He recovered from that pretty well and he ended up with a really quality set。Okay guys， thank you。

 JW manager。It's clear from what I saw tonight in the field。Both of you have the right stuff。

But only one of you will become a master pickup artist。I really want to win this。$5if0。

000 is on the line， the whole everything's on the line。

I want to win it really bad it's not like I want to win it and it's like I have to。

 it's something I must do。I can't describe how much is on the table for me like I want it so bad。

This is really going to change my life。Gentlemen。Now into the business at hand。The crowning。

Of a new master hiccup artistist。Here's what I saw on there。Cosmo， first， the positives。

Now you've had issues in the past about not always going for your target and instead getting trapped with your obstacle。

 correct？I feel as if you've overcome that because。

It seemed as if your student was actually going after targets and not getting trapped with the obstacles。

Kip number closed。And Kim was fearless when it came to going。After set after set， after set。

Did you notice the difference between his first set and his last set？

He had a learning curve and you eased him through it。And now of the negatives。

His rolloffs were horrible。He didn't multiple thread。

Kip also Dlved himself and asked too many questions。Let's move on to you， Brady。First， the positives。

 Dylan。He's stacked well。He went from routine to routine to routine。

 kept the entire group quite entertained， right？He open sets with ease。

And he also did pull back to the couch。Now the negatives。

I didn't get the feeling that Dylan was necessarily attracted to his targets。

It would just go into a set。And the very first girl who engaged him in conversation。He latched on。

And constantly Brady， you were telling him to roll off A man， you need to roll off， I just roll off。

 roll off。I didn't even get the feeling that he knew what a rolloff was。Right？

He uses the same opener every time。And I know he only had one day of training。

But you can blow out a room in 30 minutes by doing that。Now into the business at hand。The crowning。

Of a new master hiup artist。Let's begin。Here is the final medallion。This symbol。Is Perfume。

A Germanic run。And it represents the end of this journey。And the beginning of a new one。

If I could select both of you， I would。I've made my final decision。Cosmo。

 any final words before I make my decision？I love you guys， man。You guys change my life。Forever。

Any final words， Brady？It为 awesome。Had the time of my life。

Both of you have shown me a great deal of talent。But only one of you。We're wear the final medallion。

The winner will also receive。A grand prize of $50，000。I'm excited。And honored to officially。

Welcome this person。To my social circle。Our circle。Cosmo。You。Are the pickup artist？🎼所有一天。🎼Feel bad。

🎼Feel that。Look at all the people you've met。How much love you brought everyone。

It is the proudest moment of my life。Cosmo congratulations， guys。It's time to celebrate。I never died。

In my whole entire life that I would be able to figure out women and to approach women。

The way I talk， the way I'm wearing my clothes， the way I feel inside about myself。

 everything about me， my soul， I know who I am。I want all the women to know out there that I'm not a player。

 I'm not a pimp， I'm not a jerk，m a pickup artist， and there's a huge difference。

My whole life and people always tell me Cosmo， you're not good enough， you can't do it。

 you're too short， you can't talk right， you're Latino， you're poor。

 I just feel like I'm not a loser anymore and I feel like I've accomplished something。

And now I feel like the underdog made it。Cheers。Want more of the pickup artist？

Check out exclusive interviews， extra scenes and other unseen footage of the show only on vspot at vh1。

com。🎼Think you can pick up like the pros。 Well， the finalists need your help。

🎼Text in your best opener and see Brady and cosmo use it live on air theH one in Virgin Mo want you to put your game to the test by texting2。

2，4，4，4 now the pickup up artist hit on us edition。Tonight at 11， only on BH1。

Presented by Virgin Mobile with Virgin Mobile， you rule。🎼え。

