# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 01（中文字幕）_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Eight ordinary men， each has conquered some of the most difficult challenges of manhood。Puberty。

 driving， shaming， but with all their masculine successes。

 there's one thing they haven't been able to figure out。对。I've been afraid of women for a long time。

 I don't know what to do when I'm talking to women。For them， it's a puzzle they can't solve。はい。

I need to be coached just like I have a boxing trainer just like I got taught I how to breakdown I'm the 40 year old Virgin plus five years。

🎼Oh welcome you to my sister and my mom can take turns and they will wash my eyebrow to make it。

 So I have two eyebrows。 Women tend to think I'm gay。 Does size really matter like yeah。

 I am I am a virgin until now。Meet the world's most successful pickup artist。

A man who goes by only one name。Mystery。Born Eric von Markovvic， mystery was the ultimate geek。

 rejected by hundreds of beautiful women。Girls didn't even know I was alive。Driven by frustration。

 he developed a foolproof system for attracting women， rising to the top of the seduction community。

 Mystery has been featured in the bestselling book， The Game and dozens of magazines。

Women have a certain number of attraction switches。And I know what they are。🎼Now。

 mystery has recruited two former students， J dog and Mattad to be his wingman as he faces his biggest challenge yet。

😊，Tonight on the season premiere the students arrive and the education begins this is a lot more than just learning how to pick up a woman it's about learning how to build a life。

But before they can attain their dreams， they must first find the courage to face their darkest nightmares you're going to meet women lots and lots of women using advanced hidden camera surveillance technology mystery will watch and hear the action as it happens raw and un。

And it's gone。And failure comes with a price each week。

 My will choose to send one struggling student home until only one remains。

Who you are today dies here。Can mystery turn these eight social misfits into nightclub Casanovas is there a future master among them so you think this game is tough don't you find out on the pickup artist？

I'm the 40 year old merchant who never had a girlfriend women become gay， eight men with zero game。

🎼Have turned to the one man who can change them。 This is about building a life from lovable losers to irresistible ladies men who will become the next pickup artist。

My name is Joe Doyle， I'm 25 years old and I'm from Baca Washington I've heard that you're like a brother to me and you're my friends so many times when I try to make the switch from friends to more than friends。

 that's when problems start to arise。You know，Com in here and you know。

 being able to have this opportunity to change the way that I interact with women is beyond words for me。

Vオ。🎼My name's pretty deep。 I'm from Boston。 I'm frustrated， I'm very confused。

 I don't know what to do when I'm talking to to women that when I do。

 I just keep talking and talking and talking and I don't know when to stop The entire world doesn't need to know that。

🎼You know， like。My pants and that I'm uncircumcised。 We're locked up。Oh， thanks， man。Okay。

I was a little apprehensive as to how much space I was going to get how high pitched some of the voices of some of the people is going to be because that's definitely going to annoy me。

 wake me up。People call me Sp because my name is Stephen。Everyone calls me spin I'm from Portland。

 Oregon I get really nervous on women and I've tried many times to ask women out but failed I was say I'm pretty lonely I have really high hopes in mystery in teaching me how to。

Have better communications with women， which is my problem， which is trying to talk to women。

What's your name I didn' you get your name Oh Mi How do you say Pra I'm Alvaro My name is Alvaro Orlando and I'm originally from Miami I'm 23 years old and I've never had a girlfriend P E R D IEP No pro profound deep like profound I am a good looking guy and you know。

 and I am a shape I box I run every day but I can't talk to the girls that I want to talk to I can't talk to girls in general。

 I can't even say hi and if I say hi， I turn my face red and I end up doing cartwheels the other way I'll call you pee。

🎼No， okay， What's your name？ So what's the thing you have with women。Of course。

 what do I have with women right I don't have one My name is Fred I'm the 40 year old virgin plus five years so does anybody have this one yet？

You're going take this one I don't see the opportunities it's kind of like like a quarterback who doesn't see the receivers down the field I'm too old to climb up that you know。

 my back and everything you know I did not know who mystery was at all I'm a little skeptical。

I'm Scott， Scott， nice to meet you， Scott， I'm Joe， Joe Greg or Greg Fred， Fred Fred， yeah， Fred。

 and Joe。And Scott Brady， I'm Scott。Scott， Scott， Scott Scott， I'm Scott， I'm 26 years old。

I really want to be able to go up to a woman I'm interested in， look her in the eye， ask her out。

 and not panic。Hey， how's going， I'm Joe，'s up Joe， hey， good name， I'm Joe。

 I'm 24 and I'm from Minnesota。Women tend to think I'm gay on first impression。

I walk pantry two weeks later I'll maybe make a move and be like。

 you want to get together and nothing？You're not gay。Oh， it's wonderful。

If there is an attractive girl， I'm intimidated and I don't really have whatever it takes to go up and introduce myself and know how to do so smoothly and not look like a complete moron and fall in my face。

Read。question my name is Brady I'm from Fort Wayne Indiana I'm a freelance photographer What's holding me back from getting the girl in my dreams would be insecur not feeling like you deserve that kind of a girl the telescope that's adorable I think I know who mystery is I mean he's a really big pickup artist as far as I know it seems like he's trained El awful whole lot of men to do this kind of thing before so I'm hopeful。

Cme Steven Stephen pleasure to meet you I'm Scott Steveny I'm Fred to meet you I noticed how young everybody was It's like being in frat house and I mean I'm 45 years old the guys are nice enough but some of them are a little on the immature side。

Is this real liquor？Holy is real real。go guys they're definitely out there。

 Can anyone here at least go up to girls and get rejected。 Yeah， I actually I like reject。

I think that my biggest problem is fear of rejection absolutely otherwise it wouldn't have anything else to lose close physical proximity isn't something I complain about Oh I'm thrilled to meet this mystery guy I mean he's got to be mysterious since by definition by his name I had a girl approach me only to reject me Oh my God。

We were just playing pole and then we heard the phone ring。

And we all kind of got a little nervous and we all gathered together Hello hi。and gentlemen。

 my name is mystery。And I'd like to welcome you to your new home。Now， even though we haven't yet met。

I know exactly why you're here。With the lessons and techniques I'll be teaching you。

 you'll be able to attract the woman of your dreams。But listen carefully。

🎼The next eight weeks will be the most。weekseks of your life。You'll be pushed beyond your limits。

Forc to face demons， you've been hiding for a very long time。It that's too much for you。

It's not too late to back out。Good。Then let's begin I can learn things from Mr。 Pick fellowellow。

 if I don't learn things from Mr。 pickupick Fellow， I'll at least learn more about myself。

I'm sendingending a bus that will take you downtown too。foundation room。I'll be waiting for you。

Your journey begins tonight。🎼I'll see you soon。 All， All right。

I'm dying to meet Mtrina and I hope that he can help me。

Hey we pans crazy that sounds freaking ra dude， I'm pumped to start this whole adventure and to meet the guy that hopefully is going to change。

 you know my life and my love with women， I'm ready to second all in I'm excited to meet mystery。🎼。

Coming up， the guys get to meet the master himself。They call me mystery。Who here？

Is a virgin and learn just how much their lives could change will' be meeting women lots and lots of women。

And later， as mystery watches， the guys reveal just what kind of players they aren't。したよ。

I help for something。know who you know。See， and it's gone。And later。

 my friends and I are going to head in now and show you how it's done。Wow。

A gentleman by the name of Myster told us that tonight we're going to go to a club。So we're like。

 what what's going to happen and are we going to be thrown into a pool of women？

I want to learn how to get past my own barriers I shoot myself on the foot but I'm a little skeptical I mean is there some genius out there that knows a secret I'm not so sure I came here because I have atrocious history with women so I really need the help this is like my one chance to figure this all out。

Look what we got here。When I first saw a mystery， I looked him directly in the eye and I was pretty intimidated for those of you who do not yet know me。

 my name is Eric。They call me mystery， he was just exuding confidence and charisma。Everyone。

 this is James。AK Mattador and I've been doing this for about three years and a lot of these guys look like they have a very nice guy type life if you know what I mean we need to rip that out and we need to revampoo on my left here this is Justin also known as J dogg I've been a master PUA for three years I was a very nerdy shy and secure guy when was I was younger so I think I've been through every stage that these guys are going to go through we have literally traveled the world teaching scores of men what their dad's never taught about mystery Jdog in Mattador just have a presence about themselves immediately it was just like。

あの。I have。Some personal questions to ask you， I hope you don't mind。

 I hope you're not embarrassed by them。Who here is a virgin？One， two， three， four。

We have a lot to talk about。What about you， I've never had a girlfriend in my life。

I find it hard because when I don't know what to say， I need help。I got it。 What about you。

 I have a hard time like Chinana。I like， look at。Like the woman like straight on without looking away。

 cough without not。Yeah。If you had no chance of failure， you'd be anybody， anything in the world。

 how would you want your life to look I want to be like James Bond？

And you when you're 90 years old looking back in time。

 I'd want to be like my father who was married to the same woman for 51 years you just want to make sure you marry the right woman exactly。

And what's your story？I'm K。I am a bagagabond transient mathematician。

 I suppose I really don't know what I want in a woman。OrW， and certainly since I don't know any that。

 I don't know how to approach that sort of woman， I work on OCD in mice and I talk too much as you can see。

Each one of you has a different story， but you all share one thing in common。You need my help。

This is a lot more than just learning how to pick up a woman。

 It's about learning how to build a life。But all I can do is provide the tools that you need。

It will be up to you to take these tools and make something from them。At the end of this boot camp。

 only one of you will earn the title of Master pickup artists。🎼Yes，🎼Yeah， between the rules， Hooray。

I am here to become master pickup artist that's why I came The winner will get the opportunity to travel the world with us and teach others the art。

That you will have earned the right。To teach that opportunity to travel the world and being able to share what I learn with others is going to be just amazing The winner will also receive。

A check from me to invest in his new life。And this check。Will be for $50，000。It's crazy， $50。

000 is just ridiculous， I want that titlePick up artist。So tomorrow。We're going to meet here。

This very club to find out just what type of game you have。Tomorrow night you're going to meet。Women。

Lots and lots of women。Until then， gentlemen。This may be。Our greatest challenge yet。

I'm here to make life changing choices I'm skeptical about what mystery is going to teach me simply from the fact that at this point it's mysterious to me I have no idea what he's going to say or do to have mystery and J dogg and El Mattaor like right behind me gives me so much confidence like I'm gonna do this I could do this move out the way。

Up next， the students prepare to face their deepest fears and later there we go。

It's time for the guys to show mystery how much help they really need。No girls present。

What are you telling us， Pre？ar。How did your family doing in Katrina？

After meeting mystery I just feel like my life is going change and I'm and I'm so excited I'm like looking forward to it。

 you know， you know I'm not scared to make a fool out of myself let's get it popping So what do you think tonight's going to be I think tonight he's going to assess us My arrange for us to go tonight to a club to see how。

Talented we are at picking up women tonight tonight we get to see each other's game or lack Vera。

The vibe in the House， I think there's a combination of excitement。And fear。

I think I might have more success tonight because I'm talkative and funny and humorous。There we go。

I get hit on by guys all the time。It's nice to know that I'm attractive and something to be desired。

 but I'm not looking for guys。This is incredible。I'm gonna pick up so many chicks from this again it's gonna to be great I'm really fun to be around but my eye dros down a little bit and looks kind of odd I am feeling very selfca I have a fake tooth my front tooth here and it kind of glows odd in black lights just all the combination of everything at least to me makes myself feel that I'm not exactly you know some kind of underwear model before any girls come over we all have to do ten reps。

Just look a little more cut。I'm very nervous about it tonight。

 I have no clue what I'm going to do and it's really frustrating me。I look forward to tonight。

 I'd like to meet somebody of a moderate league。Jewish appearance， nice skin， shapely， bruette。

 We'd have beautiful children。 They look like white people with tans all year round。

🎼Would be a wonderful thing。I'm a little nervous about tonight we're going to be talking to a lot of women which is really going to put me outside my comfort zone。

I just don't want to goqua at Louis here。Yeah。😊，On a scale of 1 to 10。

 my skill level at picking up women's， I would rate myself at。Like a three。Un哥 un。I'm from Japan。

How are you？I visit here What to hang out with me？No no no， I'm very nervous about it tonight。

 I really hope I break out of my shell， I want to see what I can do。

 I want to see my potential so God help me。You're nervous about tonight man Hell yeah。

 I'm nervous Yeah I don't know what the I'm gonna to do You got that little thing at the pit of your stomach like the butterflies nause I'm just gonna be unpredictable spontaneous and in the moment and whatever happens happens I can't wait for tonight man I'm going to be like things could change very drastically like in five hours we have like hots you know as your nipps and tonight's little experiment is going to be an incredible challenge but I'm pretty sure that a lot of us are going to crash and burn pretty horribly。

Every time I begin to teach a new group of students， it's imperative。

That I have a sense for the raw materials that I'm working with。Thus， the newbie drill。

The students will be sent out into the field， armed with nothing but their natural instincts。

I want to see what they've got。The goal is simple， each guy must select an attractive woman。

Then he must approach the woman in order to initiate a conversation。🎼The lucky ones may even。

Keep the woman engaged for a short time。But all of that is unlikely for these untrained young men。

Now what do I expect to see from my students tonight？If history is an indicator。

It'll be a total crash and burn。I have no idea what's coming， I have no idea， I'm excited。

 but it's kind of like， you know， you're going to jump off a cliff。

 they're just going to throw us to the lion， but yes。Gentlemen， nice to see you again。To me。

 trying to approach a woman is like this， I'm walking towards a grenade and once I pull that pin out。

 it's going to explode。We'll be watching your every move on hidden camera from this surveillance truck。

Inside， you'll find that every corner of the club has been wired with hidden remote control cameras that will follow your every move。

Are you ready to meet some beautiful women？Coming up， the men hit the town。And the town hits back。

get。You're now creeping them out， you can leave now。Are you ready to meet some beautiful women？Yeah。

 I only expect one thing from you。Just be yourselves， all right？

When it comes to romantic interactions， I've always been set in junior high considering I am 25。

Either， you know， Booper get off the pot， I guess。We'll be watching your every move on hidden camera from this surveillance truck。

Are you ready？Let's do it well then。Let the game begin。し。There we go。That's gel man。

I like the fact that he's moving with purpose throughout the crowd。Hi， everyone。だよ。Okay。🎼安将。

He's very enthusiastic， that's a good start。He's totally ignoring her friend right he does not do that。

 let's go to the bathroom in a second he doesn't recognize that what he actually approached was known as a two set。

Now look at her face Oh he feels uncomfortable She doesn't seem that the other girl is already turned body language doesn't turn unless he brings her and he's going to lose the set she's now ignoring him now pissed off that he's not leaving Yeah now they're in their own conversation he's shut out look at the face the facial expressions reveal it all there's the girl coding you're now creeping them out you can leave now。

🎼Nice to meet you guys。The fact that the girls were totally turning their backs on me。

 that wasn't so bad， they didn't actually punch me and then walk away。Here's our next boy。

De hasn't smiled like once since I've never seen him smile。How do we know who you know？

You my girlfriend。Why are you talking to a guy with no girls present。

 what are you telling us for deep？外そ。I don't think he's even interested in the girl。

 I think he just wants to chat and finds it easier talking to guys as if there are no women in there。

That place is chalk full of women。A technique I have decided to use is going up to to men and there's a good reason for this I'm really afraid of talking to women There's a two set right there in Oh I mean that is。

Lo it。All right， Braddy。You know what you need to do。What？Your idea。

He needs to be saying something interesting about himself at this point。

How much do you cost throw our guys here？Following the thread for far too long and you've got the fake smile。

🎼ますが。See， and it's gone。That's how that works after I was rejected。

 that kind of took the wind out of my sail I guess， and I didn't really talk to any girls after that。

🎼Comマ Scott。He circled the bar once， what are you looking for， first set on the left。

 initiate the chat， get into a talkative state。大活。两次两钟注一下。He opened with name exchange。

 which does not happen until。A later phase。🎼Well， this Scott's trying。はあげす。

This is how you don't pick up。My objective was to get a phone number。

 that turned out to be over ambitiousbit， I'd never actually asked for a number before。Come on， Joe。

 come on， Joe。I'm not pleased with the way he's dresseded。

You see how the sky right here in the hat it's the same size as Joe， yet there's a more hip。

 more playful aspect he looks cool， the amount of fat or lack of is not the most significant thing here。

 it's what you do with your avatar。I a lay over flyly my flag off hands when I'm trying to find cool bars。

Like where's foot， you guys know any cool places around you？

I do like dance st or anything because I thought this place to be like a dance tu and to like go out and。

Not really。He went into a situational opener and where does it go from there and there's nothing interesting in the conversation it's all trying to get her to speak。

Geting rejected back my confidence even even more as far as approaching women I think a lot of their anxiety comes from the fact that they don't know where to take it once they start speaking to someone I think they don't understand the purpose of life。

He's in there， he's nervous， he's looking。Is bold。I'm from New Orleans'。

How is your family doing Katrina？We really have our work cut out for us。

Did didn't want to oversstateay my welcome， so I just kind of made contact and then。Leave and out。

 get out with my skin。There we go。Here's our boy。He looks nervous。🎼Straight to the bar。And still not。

Approaching。Maybe he has high standards。And the longer he stands there on his own。

 the more uncomfortable he's going to feel this is very typical of a lot of guys waiting in the corner with their beer。

 waiting for something to magically happen。I'm not impressed， at least try， fail， failure is fine。

 but you should try。Approach women。Approach a group。With a woman in it。I completely froze。

 and I always do。I can't describe it with words what I felt， but I felt like。Crying。

 I felt like breaking a bottle over my head。 I felt like you don't understand what' was going in my head。

 I was just like。Sp will need a new nickname。I don't know how many women。

I want to go out with a guy named Spoon。There are girls all around that are。

Available to talk to but he can't see it。He's waiting for the perfect moment。

 there is no perfect moment， you go in and you make it happen。Here we go。最给な。

I want to get my hair in the cohort。What do you thinkから？その这。Just turn off。你好。O。🎼回来。This is way。

A lot harder than I expected would be， I didn't think it would be that hard to talk to a woman。

ButIn the club， it was just like I was like put into a jungle one then like。Slaughtered。Welcome back。

So you think this game is tough， don't you？Yeah， it is， it is a tough game。

My friends and I are going to head in now and show you how it's done so get yourselves comfortable。

🎼It's time for us to play。I'm skeptical about Myster's ability， I want to see it。

 I'm along for the ride， I want to see how he does this。I don't want to put mis out of pistol。

 but I'm so curious， I want to know what it's about。

There he isI'm a type of person that like until I see it， I'm not going to believe you。

 I'm not hating， I'm not doubting， but I want to see his magic。Mr。 had such a fire in his eyes。

 he was zoning in， I mean， he made eye contact with everyone。Now， young lady。What's the magic word？

I hate you， get your ass over here。As soon as they started talking， I was like。He's a pimp。

 if a dress her up can't take her anywhere。🎼啊。🎼非动快。My door was smooth， man， that cow was smooth。Man。

 this guy is a freaking genius， he's a diabolical genius。one and four now don't say it， he has tools。

🎼James like to meet。아よ 너무て 지켜よ。Maador， just a killer。 is a matador。

Are you guys going to buy me drink down？She is signed， a very high maintenance。I am。

 you got to wine and dme me。I just gotten from LA， I spent a week in LA shopping。Are you ready？I an。

 I need to put some black streak in my hair。Are you serious？I love you guys。 Thank you love。Oh god。

 I want to be here。🎼哎。Well watching mystery in his wing that I was odd， I mean。

 it looked like mystery got every hot girl in the entire club。🎼Yeah I think I talk to that I girl。

I' really fucking too。Okay， let's slow this down。W me a drink before you hit on me like that when I saw mystery picking up on the girl that I。

Started picking up on it was like， oh， I guess that's how it's done。

Definitely did a lot better than I did。You can be my mommy See Mr。

 J Doug and Manaddoan actually was an eye opener， they have such a ease with this they're so easy when they talk to people when you do that you should spin。

Mystery has this。Mysterious thing about him that's kind of。Like you're wondering， how does that work？

再乖一个。🎼Only。When't you buy me a drink first？in the FBIs。No， no， I jo for my photographs merely。Theme。

 calm， witty。🎼Clever。They just knew exactly how to tweak that to get the girls to come after them。

 plea it to me。The answer back。Oh snap， that was such a sweet spin。

All I'm promising is your conversation for now。I saw so many times when they walked away from girls and girls like had eyes like。

Oh， did you see how dreamy he was？🎼不是我。She's coming back from war。

I did not think that that was physically possible to be able to do stuff like that。🎼我。

Absolutely amazing talent When I saw them I felt like I wanted to go back in。And try to do it again。

じのめ。I'm going to teach you all that。Bring it up。I'm pumped， teach me I'm an open book。

I'm ready to second only at this point in time I believe I am willing to do what he wants me to do I'm excited to see that maybe some of this will work can't wait to see what have is there。

Coming up， who you are today dies here。And later。We're going to talk about the do's and the don's。

Dramatic highlights of what lies ahead。This season on， the pickup artist。After it was all over。

 ministry ended up coming and talking to us。Tonight was the first step。

I'm proud of each and every one of you。There were a lot of young。

 beautiful women who I happen to know now that I've met them， werere single， were available。

 they were here， you just didn't see it。My mission here is to make you great。

 but only one of you will become a master pickup artist。I'll be eliminating you one by one。

Now I haven't taught you anything yet， so for that reason。I think you'll be rather pleased to hear。

That I will not be judging you based on what I've seen today。There will be no eliminations yet。

So for now you're all safe。But after your first field test， one of you will be leaving。Right now。

 who you are today。Dies here。Toor the education begins。

I would like mystery to take away some of the cynicism that I have some of this skepticism I'm thrilled to be here this's going to be a great experience When I found out we weren't getting eliminateated I was really relieved mystery in his wingman eyes。

Like my last chance， just's get out of here I need to start changing man， you know。

 like I need to make this happen now right now， you know， not in five minutes right now。

This season on the pickup artist。I completely froze。As it stands right now。

 I don't see a master pickup artist among any of you I don't want to be the person I am now I don't want to feel miserable changes are going to need to be made the old person dies here dies right now。

The looks that you have make you fit in， we want you all to stand out。

It's definitely tighter than any Blueians I've ever worn。

 it's the tools of the trade and you don't build a house without proper tools。

This iss going wild Mattor J Dog and I have invited a few of our friends we're going to talk about the dos and the don'ts。

About kissing I've never been happier to go to school in my life。

I didn't want to call it Qui That's exactly your problem with everything though I have this sense that you are failing to recognize the monumental opportunity in training with me。

I'll give you a shout to be quit telling our stories。Furn up if you're going to wreck a room。

Reet I didn't think it would be that hard to talk to a woman I'll be damned if I'm going to see you fail focus on where you're going to be like six months from now You guys just aren't improving as quickly as I feel you should。

Never been rejected before because I've never tried I personally be embarrassed if you guys don't start making out with girls You look like you're trying to tell your friends something tell that we need to do our。

All right， iss he emotionally draining。Oh it suck， I don't want to be here， I need to be here。

 someone is going to go home for the end of this week。

I want that titleP up artist I deserve to go home I'm just as good as anyone to the bottom of my heart I can do this and it's starting to click。

This game over。We can only open doors we can't drag you through them there's no difference between you and me I'm just following the model I expect to see some pickup artists as you know that。

93% of girls masturbate in the shower， the other 7% sing， and do you know what they sing？

You must be the ones that masturbate them。Once I got in there。

 I just started saying everything and it just worked like a charm。🎼Yeah。

🎼opening experiences exploring humanity。I'm like oh， I get it。

 I get it I know what's going on Once that happens。

 I'm like Neil from the matrixtri I am the one I see the potential for a master。

Don't take any rejection personally I want to taste the for bitdding fruit as much as I can I want to get over that wall already this is a lot more than just about picking up girls。

I improve my eye contact， I've improved my confidence I'm growing as an individual I'm starting to identify with myself This is about building a life。

🎼I don't recognize myself from' the first time I stepped in that door。 I do not recognize myself。

 I love everybody here just like some the cool guys I love I'm a totally different person， man。

I feel that I'm becoming a better， more interesting person。

 what it boils down to in the end is a willingness to learn barriers are made to be broken Can I can' anything I feel like I could fly right now You are a master。

You are the pickup artist。Want more of the pickup artist。Check out exclusive interviews。

 extra scenes and other unseen footage of the show only on vspot at Vh1 do com。

No one said becoming a pickup artist was going to be easy。

 I'm terrified but the men learned a few tricks from the master cheating girl that cheating guys was before or after you rush who will succeed。

Right there。🎼Oh do it told three times and who will go down and play。

Its game to pick up artists next Monday at 98 Central。🎼Only on page one。

