# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 07（中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously on the pickup artist。All the trigger she's rolling off as the game got harder students fought to keep up what up。

Your traction phase。It's just not happening。You're going to have to get that part of your game fixed。

And tensions robes as some of the guys lost their cool that's disrespectful man sorry say you're sorry to my face be pissed off if pretty doesn't go Mysteries teachings were coming easier to sell。

But for others， I'll give you a shot quit telling their game just didn't cut it for deep。

It's game over。All right。Tonight on the pickup artist Ex me Matthew your question the pressures on would you ever day someone that kept pictures of their ex in there？

🎼Now as the students struggle with a fast pace challenge feel like failure again and they're given their most daunting task yet picking up an exotic dancer is your next field test what。

One student takes his game all the trigger to a new level。Five have been eliminated。

 only three remain， whose game will end tonight。🎼I the 40 year old merchant never had a girlfriend women become gay。

8 men with zero game。🎼Ha turned to the one man who can change them。

 This is about building a life from lovable losers to irresistible ladies man wholl become the next pick artist。

😊，Me and Cosmo were sitting down in the pillow room waiting to see who would come down next for better。

She'll better be here。🎼Mom butterball。Oh my god， yeah bro。What happened you know， he told me that。

That my attract phase is just lacking and they're worrying that I'm plateauing。

 so I got to step it up and learned a lot as long as I can build as much attraction as I possibly can。

 that's going to lead me to you know， to still be here。Let's give a shot to pretty on three， loud。

 one， two， three， three。Cosmohu what do you think we're going to do today I don't know what's going on for real but no hitting on guys Brad okay。

Cosmo I feel like is really getting very competitive with this。

 it's easier for him I feel like it's much easier he doesn't have the same kind of。

Blocks that I have my biggest stick point is just I have this like emotional barrier where you know。

 I don't want to connect because it's scary to like let yourself go with somebody We function very differently me you。

🎼Like I can't think about it what to say or what is on my list because then I'll choke my brain doesn't work that way。

 This is finals week。 So I feel like Cosmo' is definitely my biggest competition。

 I'm gonna be pimping。You know， doesn't matter where you put me no。

Today is the first day that I can say this now is a competition。Two more people to be。

 two more people to get through and I'm going to win a lot of money let me see your fingers。

A lot it's smaller than yours。Damn， you got girl fingers。Yeah。

We have a reward challenge todayy guys I have no idea what it is。

They just keep getting crazier as tide goes on， the final three。

 are you guys ready to take your game to the next level， oh yeah， let's do it， bring it。All right。

 today we're going to take you out of the clubs。And above and beyond your game。

A woman that is walking down the street。Will be your greatest challenge yet。

It's time to take all that you've learned so far and apply it to the art of approaching moving targets。

A moving target is a woman who is walking。Objects in motion tend to stay in motion。

So either you're going to pace her and walk with her or you're going to stop her。

 so let's head out to the driveway and we can practice with each other on what it's like to work with moving targets。

🎼べ唱。Let me give you an example of a moving set。If I'm behind you。And Im tapping， you know。

 then it looks like I'm following and then I'm in front。Of you。And then over the shoulder。

 I can't turn or I lose value。I have to do it over the shoulder and I can't keep looking at you either if I keep looking at you。

 I lose value， let's say you're a girl， you're walking towards me， here's how Id open。Done。

 I do not open a set that's moving that way。 I'm never going to open that because if you come in。

 excuse me， why would you ever say excuse me that is a vagrant opener boom。

 you have no value and now you have to recover from that and she's going be threatened and freaked out this time I'm going to do the wrong thing and follow you。

As you start walking away。bad does that feel Do you know how many guys I seen do that it's the creepiest thing in I'm trying to get away right now That's exactly it but if you're trying to get away and I'm letting you I'll still talk I'm letting you and I'm missing out and you're missing out on something to sum up here are the three main points to doing moving set game one objects in motion tend to stay in motion two。

 if you approach a girl on the street， you have absolutely no value and third is we don't chase。

Women choose us That's it All right， Are you ready to equi all this information into your game？Good。

 because it's time for your next reward challenge， let's get moving。🎼Yeah。🎼Yeah。All right， guys。

 this is a pedestrian bridge and this now is a part of your moving set reward challenge。

Your challenge is to attract， build comfort， and ultimately get the phone number of at the very least。

 of a beautiful woman。Walking across this bridge。They will be moving。And I'll be watching。

Your reward will be。Tara。As your pivot。In field or a next field test。

Our reward was to have Tara with us as a pivot。St in the field is definitely。

 definitely gold As always， I'll be watching you and judging you for competency。

Your reward challenge starts now。Coming up， can you take those off for a second？

He it's a whole new game when the guys struggle to pick up a woman on the go Hey。

 I need a womans hello he and later will the guy bounce back as they face their toughest challenges picking up an exotic dancer。

Is your next field test？Your reward challenge starts now。I'll see up there。

What the guys don't know is that I'm disguising myself to get a closer look at their game with moving targets。

でか。All right， here comes Cosmo。🎼でさ。🎼We look you go。Can I ask you a quick question。

Projects in motion tend to stay in motion if you want to talk to them， you've got to move with them。

Oh let me say how to your dog。O。Hey， I need a woman's print， hello， hi， hey。

Whats all the bats are at？Excuse me。I said excuse me， I can't believe I just said that。

 I feel like I should have again stuck to the game plan and mystery taught us walk with the target what I was trying to do was stop the target。

I feel like a failure again。Okay， I怎么 good job。One down two to go。Let's see how Brady does。唔好。🎼。🎼No。

AndCan you take those off for a sec？🎼Hey。Bray is about to get an education on what not to do。

It didn't work out quite right。If you know where the bats are？Excuse me， never use excuse me。

 excuse me。If you know where the bats are？Ile him at nightclock。For is not stacking。

 he's just sticking to that one routine and he should be multiple threading from there。

Do you know where the bats are？Yeah。They should。No you have no idea that's it that could be a love match right there prepared。

Oh， now I just came in from Los Angeles。Takeake Car Street。Have you seen them？看。

Yeah it's yeah I mean gosh dang you live here it's like the largest back colony in the world unfortunately Brad could have added in demonstrations of higher value had a willingness to walk away demonstrated which he hasn't done and he's done Oh yeah she was attracted I didn't know what to say after the bats I didn't stackg forward and I feel like the majority of that was just me freaking out。

Here comes Jodie。As you see the fight that was going down down there。

 yeah there was two girls fighting over some guy named George， I heard him going on， I don't know。

 it sounds like a deal breaker anything than me。Yeah。

 unfortunately its not stacking did you see the fight going on down that way？Yeah， yeah。

 there was it。He's just sticking to that one routine and he should be multiple threading Do you guys see the fight going on back there？

There were two girls fighting him with some guy named George and all of a sudden you know。

 the girl kept hitting them， girl pulled down the girl's top， it was crazy。

Absolutely not Not the way the girls are starting to walk away you see that he should be doing the exact same thing telegraphing his intent to walk away。

 but he's not doing that Yeah no kidding。And that's it， he's done。All right， next set。

 would you ever day as someone that kept pictures of their hexinger？No， all right， cool， thanks。And。

 I need a female opinion， would you ever a keep pictures of your ex？All right。

 I used the jealous girlfriend did not work at all， ever。

 never used that ever on a bridge in Austin to get laughed at。🎼Com on球。If you want to talk to them。

 you gotta move with them so I saw the girls walk past and I didn't know what to do。

 they had headphones in and I don't know I blew it pretty hard though I definitely didn't take advantage of a lot of opportunities that came my way and I was really disappointed to myself I was pised off。

TheMoving target reward Chaenge， blew， it sucked。What I saw here was abysmal。

How many of your sets hooked， couple， but you took it nowhere？

Here we have this lemonade stand or tea stand that you could have gone to and brought the women to。

 you've got sit down locations， you have lock in places that you didn't draw the people to join you you guys are the final three you're here for a reason and now you've taken a step back。

As far as I'm concerned， so none of you win this challenge。

 none of you will get Tara in field for the next field test All right， all right guys。

 we've got some soul searching to do。Good day， gentlemen。🎼纷飞。🎼23。

Nobody won the reward I feel like none of us deserved to be here and now I feel like me and Brady and Jo D don't deserve to be here One of us have to be like the master pickup artisan Here we are。

 we can even you know pull this off Yeah， exactly Today's reward challenge was to pick up a moving target I could have done a lot better。

And I screwed up oh my God， I don't want to think about it。

 I'm going cry so much that my eyes are gonna to pop out。 I know， man， I'm like emotional right now。

I don't know why。Because we've gone through so much。Emotionally。🎼Oh。🎼いいのみや。Since we all sucked。

 we all blew， hardcore， we lost horror in the field， I don't want to talk about it。Coming up。

 one of the students takes his game to a whole new level pull the trigger all thats trigger。

And that is how you pick up an exotic dancer。And later， one student is sent packing。Let's game over。

We have another lesson of mystery and the wings today and since we all sucked we all blew in the reward challengeen。

 we just really need to listen to everything that Jdog Mattadory mystery have to say have you guys ever developed a crush on your favorite waitress at a restaurant Oh yeah yeah because these working beauties are what we like to refer to as hired guns？

Women who are hired for their beauty， and that includes the shooter girl， the waitress， the hostess。

The bartender。The gogo dancer。How could I meet the gogo dancer， you know？

It's one thing to attempt to pick up a girl at a club， or even in the day。

 but it's a whole different skill set to pick up a girl while she's working。

I want to teach you how to pick up the most difficult。Of hired guns。Exotic dancers。Why。

 because picking up an exotic dancer。Is your next field test？🎼我。Without paying for it， right？

Can then break down on the pole。I have never even been in an exotic dance club in my life。

So I mean this is a little bit outside my comfort zone， it's likeHoly cow。

 are they really expecting us to pull this off in order to instantly attract an exotic dancer。

 you need to be qualified for one。So if you can convey to her that you have already been with exotic dancers in the past。

 you are preselected。What are you going to convey DHV spikes？

Up the wazoo I don't want to be marked as a customer I want to go in and have some sort of reason to be there I know the DJ you can't trust any keyote that takes place because they're hired to give you kno right so if she wants to get on your lap you'll say whoa whoa slow this down I'm not in that head space speed racer grab yourself a seat Oh by the way and then stack to your material we want to turn her stripper programming off the last thing that you're going to want to do is get onto any conversational thread that she initiates why a great majority of her skill set is being able to talk you into giving her money and not some other woman turn off the sexuality when you go into one of these clubs。

Just don't get into that headspace because then you lose your power Gu。

 if you stick to what I'm teaching you， you can pick up an exotic dancer。

 they do respond just like other women， they respond to their emotions。

And we're going to be interacting with really beautiful women。 now these women are gamerous。

You're gaming gamers， and now is the time for one of you。To show me that you want to be a master。

You can all do this。So go up and get ready。And I'll see you at a fantastic exotic dancer club called Exppose。

It'll be your next field test。Until then。I couldn't even stop a girl with headphones in an ear during the day。

 and now they're saying that I'm going to have to pick up exotic dancers。What？

Nobody won the reward and now coming into the field test is still dragging on。

 it's still like oh man， are we going to do bad again right now I can't afford to make any mistakes。

What if he says like yesterday that none of us are winners and were all going home？

It's just a big job to pull off It's like trying to rob a bank or something I feel like you know。

 they couldn't pick up any girls on the street so let's take him to an exotic dance club we make up pick up exotic dancers's that's easier right？

In this field test， the students must draw on everything that they've learned so far in order to number close a ridiculously unattainable mark。

An exotic dancer， the key is to have an attitude of just hanging out， having a good time。

Keep your money in your pocket and your hands off the talent。

The student who shows full mastery in number closing， an exotic dancer。

Winds immunity from elimination。🎼怂。🎼有洞。😊，🎼So。Did you like writing in the limo I sent for you guys little better than the bus right Oh yeah。

 way better you ready to have some fun in here Yeah I want you guys to treat the women that you meet in here with respect。

The same way you would respect any other human being on this planet。

 the winner of this field test will be immune from elimination。

Which means that the winner will ultimately。Be in the final two and we'll have a chance to finish their training with me。

All in the hopes of becoming a master pickup artist。Remember， stick to the material I've taught you。

It works。Coming up， armed with mysterious teachings。

 will the guys be able to pick up an exotic dancer you enjoy yourself I will I will。

So this is a genuine amazing conversation this set is going perfectly so far One student's game will be taken to a whole new level。

That is how you pick up an exotic dancer。And later， one more student is sent home that's game over。

🎼wake city。Tonight we need to pick up an exotic dancer and what I need to do is stick to the game planner and keep it simple。

🎼Yes。🎼活的大。🎼别 stop我的。🎼还色。🎼我的 big。🎼你的。🎼我 stop。Here are our boys， they're alreadyium。Let's stop。

 I'm doing good。🎼Hsmo。🎼Im from Colombia。🎼Yeah。She's an adorable。Lovely， now shut her down。

I'm kind of bored yeah，🎼啊。🎼I you at least buy drink before you please night you so you when you talk you know that。

It does。 It wiggles， it wiggles。Go ahead， what are you saying？🎼。

You can't trust these iwa either exotic dance or I of course they're supposed to be interested in you you're beautiful。

 I think you're beautiful， you're just not my type a little bit of antagonism goes a long way。

She's engaged。🎼Get the ball。🎼Yeah don let stop。I guess go ahead， go ahead。

So do you find the stop fulfilling， is this everything you ever wanted in your life。

 is this what you want for your life right now？This is a very dangerous thread。

Maybe I'm really curious。打光。I'm just joking， of course I've never been a stripper。I mean， look at me。

 I'm freaking hot。I am， I'm one of those。You enjoy yourself I will I will， All right。🎼Oh。

It's over why in the world would she want to hang with him if she doesn't even get respect from him for doing what she does you see the fight outside？

There's two girls and look Jody gets the girl and who is it， Brady's old said？

Let's see if Joe can do better。Give this I used to the data stripper don't hate。

And that's a sound button and did you see just then she touches her hair。

 they have no clue they're doing it pick a number between134。🎼Yeah， they don't tell me。Three。Yeah呀。

All right， cool。🎼1 through10。Dry it。🎼在的。Zach did it playfully。

 I think that it could have been done in such a way as to convey that he actually had some home name ESP that it wasn't just merely a psychological test。

It's time for a connection if she could grab a seat。Then they really get to know each other。🎼怕了拜。

🎼哈了板样眼。H all right so turn it off for a second， let me talk to you your real self like right now like were if you I had't invited you match and we're having a pool partying cool。

 talk to you yourself ready in character。I think on a legitimate basis。

 Cosmo has a chance with this girl， yes， she is an exotic dancer and has to work and is paid to talk to people。

But I'm pretty sure that his turning off her stripper program talk has actually worked and she is behaving as herself for now What do you have going for you more than I What going for more than your love？

你。一。He's multiple threading， he's throwing legs， his body language is good。

This set is going perfectly so far Are you being real right now or are you just doing your job？Or I。

So you want nothing from me and I want nothing from you， so this is a genuine amazing conversation。

🎼谁呀？It's very possible that he could fall into the let's just be Fri zone unless he。

Conveys to her that he is actually interested in her。What was the first thing you wanted to be ever。

 but don't say princess？🎼O， good， O。It'sact't。Aard is。🎼开。🎼Or like the name。Yeah。

 she genuinely is paying attention to。This is the genuine article for this moment。

🎼Make you uncomfortable No， I'm just not in that head space。🎼是不兄你。My name is Brady。

🎼We all the hoties， I thought this was going to be pretty good on Tuesday night。🎼和平。还觉得这样。

I think that was well done。It was a playful egg thrown her away and the result laughter you eyes are really nice。

 you look really good and everything。Is there more to you than all this？Okay， look at that。

 she's qualifying herself to him。See， this is when he should go for a move。

Let's see how good if you can get， I got to leave in five minutes I want to see Cosmo bounce。

Like now。Do you want to put your number right here？🎼我呢。Oh no， that's fine。No no， that's fine。

 I need nothing from you， you can come with your boyfriend he says she has a boyfriend and that's it。

I'm still proud of myself， even though I didn't get a number clothes， she had a boyfriend。

 but she just had to smile on her face like。I wish I didn't have a boyfriend。I did good。

 I did real good man。Have been。🎼我。🎼都人。Jodi has reached the comfort phase right now。Yeah。

Where is this going， Joe， that's exactly what I was thinking， come on Jo D， bounce to the limo。

around。A roseport。Okay， Jodi has fallen into the let's just be friendsend zone exactly it doesn't feel to me that he's communicated his interest in her。

 even though she's made an adequate effort。next。we're going to you know meet up and then head out this now is rupturing Joe's social value Here he is just sitting and waiting for his friends to never arrived and she knows it。

This is a demonstration of lower value at this point。The window of opportunity opened。

And now it's closed。I think I did great， you know I didn't bounce to the limo， I didn't kiss clothes。

 but I feel like I spent a great game and I had a great performance。Oh look。

 and Al Brady is moving her to a different location。And now actually， let's go out functionalal memo。

 yeah， I'll you themo。Oh you can't go out front， I can't go out in my clothes like this。

How would you fix that？🎼来看这个衬。🎼Do it。 Press me。 you should。You hear that。

 Braddy just told her to switch out into street clothes so that she can join him in the limo。

I want a girl who's really honest and really sweet This is a typical problem Brady has he fails to pull the trigger consistently You know what I appreciate like preserving the girl's comfort levels。

 but if there was a better time and place to keno escalate， it'd be right now。

I think Brady's afraid of success。Yeah， that's funny。Haha。😊。

He's alone with an exotic dance how much better does he get she just licked her lips。

 she's waiting points pull the trigger pull the trigger。嗯。You know what。

 he doesn't want to He's not going to I'm now looking for any subconscious indicator of disinterest from her。

 I don't see any。I don't care。Can I have it like that？All right。

 mad prop and that is how you pick up an exotic dancer。For the first time ever going to a strip club。

 I ever imagined I'd walk out with one of the exotic dancers and kiss her in a limousine。

Welcome back。I saw some really good game out there， guys， you all DHV。You naked。

Your body language was absolutely。Perfect。You had these exotic dancers eating out of the palm of your hands。

And you know it。I am proud of each and every one of you。All of you did well。

But one of you rose above。One of you showed me the signs of a master pickup artist tonight。Bray。

Congratulations。You are the field test winner and you have a spot in the final two。Unfortunately。

For Cosmo and Joe。One of you will be going home。I I'm kind of freaking out， it can go either way。

 me or Jo D can go home and I don't know what to expect and I don't want to go home and I don't want Jo D to go home。

So it's elimination and it's down to me and Cosmo， I think it's going to hit us like a ton of bricks。

 I don't think that we're mentally prepared you know， to really say goodbye to one of us。

We're never going to be able to you know come back。

 I don't want to go home and I don't want Jo D to go home， I need to be here man。I'm getting it。

 I'm really getting it now， you know， memories。Meoryries live forever knowing that I'm in the final two is very comforting I mean I'm going to go into elimination without any you know。

Nervous anxiety like I usually have， but one of my friends are going to have to go to。

That's the saddest part。All three of us。Willll leave this experience like being better for it。

 I can overcome anything。And I want to help other people know that too。

 and let them know that you're a great person。And those barriers are。Water under the bridge now。

 and that would be so cool to be the final one。And to help people understand that。

barrierriers are made to be broken。🎼W love you guys呢。Good evening， gentlemen。

I want to thank all of you for joining me。In this journey。To become master pickup artists。

 it's been a privilege。Teaching and sharing。With you some of the best secrets。

 strategies and tactics。That we as masters know。After tonight， only two of you will remain。

And that means unfortunately， one of you will be going home。To continue his training on his own。

Let's begin。As you can see。There are two medallions。This is the symbol when it represents joy。

I wish I could give all of you a medallion。But I only have two left。Guys。

 you all failed in the moving target challenge。You abandoned what you were taught。

And settled back into bad habits。It was very discouraging for all of us。

But you did show me commitment。And signs of mastery in your field test。

In the exoticotic dance Club is where I saw some real game。Maador anything you saw on the field。

 Jodie， you need to make a statement of interest， I like you， here's why。I mean。

 after a while it seemed like two people having a polite conversation with each other。

 theres no tension， it wasn't charged， there was no electricity there。Be with me， Yeah， okay。JW。

 yeah。Anything you saw on the field that you would like to comment on， Cosmo。

How come you didn't go for a move or a bounce， you went through multiple threading。

 you did a lot of things right， but you never took it anywhere。

I completely forgot about the objective and I was just so caught in the game and I just let go of winning and I felt good just to fly and just to go wherever it took me。

I like being in the moment and enjoying the experience， but still， you know。

 Rosin' sitting there got to take it some and remember that the objective ultimately is to win the game。

To pick up the girl。Bretty。You're starting to see the effects of。

What you're capable of and the life that you could live。Right， you met a girl。

If I told anybody back home that I picked up an exotic dancer， nobody they'd be like，  yeah。

 whatever， now you won the field test。Please accept this medallion， you've earned it。🎼，🎼。

As you can see， there's one medallion left。And two of you seated before us。

One of you will be going home tonight。Gentlemen， for the first time。

I honestly do not know right now who to eliminate。🎼。こ。Gentlemen， for the first time。

I honestly do not know right now who to eliminate。Joe， tell me。Why I should keep you。Like growing up。

I have put so many barriers up for myself。But since I've been here。

 I've been able to pllow right through them and there's just so many of them up and I feel that the longer that I stay here。

The more momentum I'm getting and the easier they are to go through them。

And that's why I want to stay man， like I want to continue to grow and at the same time。

 continue to help other people grow， but first and foremost。Like letting myself blossom。あ。打什么？

Tell me why I should keep you。Mystery I feel like I have what it takes to be a master pickup artist and from the bottom of my heart I can do this and it's starting to click it's just like in a boxing ring where everythings so fast and once you become good。

 you start seeing punches coming at you so slow is what I'm going through right now I get it I get it man for the first time I'm getting and everything Come on man I've come so far and I don't even recognize myself what I'm doing right now and I'm proud of myself but you did lose sight of the goal。

Again， guys， this has been a very difficult decision。🎼，🎼。🎼，🎼，🎼，I've made up my mind。

I've made up my mind。Joe。That's Game over。You are an amazing man。🎼The。

And we have no doubt that in time。We will be a very successful pickup artist。

And we wish you the best of luck。🎼The。🎼一。🎼Oh。Cosmo， congratulations。

You've made it into the final two。Please accept this medallion Oh you've earned it。🎼不是哎。Yeah。

Your final challenge lies ahead。And I assure you that it will be your most difficult challenge yet。

So get some rest。And I'll see you tomorrow all right thank you guys Matt for everything man。🎼よし。

If I was going to go， this is how I want it to go， I've gone as far as I thought I couldn't even farther in some cases。

 I've already broken through so many barriers and risen above so many challenges in my mind that I didn't think I'd ever be able to get over。

The best part was just。Getting my life back on track and being able to have that power that I can control my interactions and I can really have the power to go and talk to anyone that I want to。

Mystery， sent me free， man。Thank you。🎼Oh。I couldn't have done it by myself。You gave me wings。

reallyally did。No。🎼my。🎼Next on the pick artist， it's down to the final two。 This is it。

The last two students will face their most surprising challenge at the tables have turned and the students become the teachers。

🎼Look at that guy。 He is your final challenge。 Here we go。

 You have to teach this kid how to pick up women。 State mind if I get a female opinion on something。

 No， that sucks。 You know， my face in your hands。Yeah， just roll off。

I don't think he knows what rolling off means Ki had a panic attack Ki make it happen right now。

 but only one will be crown you are the pickup artist。て。

