# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第二季：把妹达人第二季 04(中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼Previously on the pick artist feeling run down after elimination6 distressed bachelors got a much needed check out great and a familiar face reminded them why they' here。

😊，But some of the guys weren't able to step up their game you lose the friend。

 you lose your set and ultimately Carl flat line Carl it's game over。Tonight。

 the mansion heats up when some sexy visitors drop by。🎼高子 out。Oh。

And the student's seduction skills are put to the test。But a few guys suffer performance anxiety。

And the most attractive reward yet is on the line I want to win this competition Some guys prove they don't need an advantage perfect while others let their teachers down。

 I was really expecting a lot more from you three have been eliminated now six remain whose game will end tonight you may go。

🎼One man has discovered the secrets of attraction and has become the world's most famous pickup artist。

 His name is mystery known the world over he and his team will teach these secrets to 9 men with zero game transforming lives and turning lovable losers into irresistible ladies men。

😊，🎼ho will become the next pick artist。To think that anyone's going home， it just makes me。

Really sad and I get sick in my stomach。🎼Everybody can。He deserved to be here。

I was glad to see Ryan come back through the door because he。

Work so hard from week to week that that has to be rewarded somehow I have to step up my game。

I was relieved that I didn't have to go， I still have a lot that I need to learn in order to。

To become the man that I know I can be。And this is basically my for me， this is。Basically。

 my warning shot。Every time we have one of these elimination ceremonies。

 it's a little bit heartbreaking like we all are very。

 very sad afterwards and none of us want to see anybody go home。

Oh man Brianmus I been ho that in for a while Did you just far in the bathtub Yeah。

 I don't want you guys to smell it。Got to keep the positive energy going。

 the bad energy goes in the bathroom。🎼，He， you guys。

What with the fear of elimination no longer looming over you for the next few days。

 let's remove all the tension and let's have some fun here again All right now we all have different levels of experience when it comes to touching women。

 I'm curious for each of you。What experiences do you already have， Brian？How far have you gotten？

Not very far， how far' not very far。I grabbed that boob and I ran away away It was Halloween。

 I dressed up as Richard Simmons met some girl， she looked like shamoo。And she just grabbed my hair。

 right， She's like， like， I love your afro and then。For some reason， I just like， I love your boobs。

 I grabbed it and I ran away。 Don't do that anymore。 And what about Utah T。

Have you groped some women？I was always kind of a late bloomer。

 I didn't get my first kiss until I was about 18。 I'm a late bloomer as well。

 I didn't lose my virginity until 21 so yeah I get it。Byan， what about you Well。

 aside from some piggyback rides in the third grade。🎼That was as far as it went that hand holding。

 okay。And so touching a woman is brand new to you， so I want to today introduce you to a professional sexologist。

Everyone， this is Aaron。打开。And her lovely assistant Whitney。

Jo Myster introduces Aaron who's a professional sexologist。

 I didn't even know there was such a job My name is Erin Lindsey and I'm a sexologist which means I study sex for a living and specialize in people with intimacy problems。

Whiney and Aaron， there were something like that little red bandana that she had wrapped around her waistline。

That was just like like Er is now going to share with you her insights。All right guys。

 try not to have too much fun。🎼没一气。Mysteries techniques teach you how to mentally stimulate a woman。

 but I'm here to teach you how to become a better lover。I was thinking， man。

 we need this desperately， this is going to be a major education。Now， before I get started。

 I need to know exactly what I'm working with。I would like you all to stand up。🎼。

Imagine that you're with a beautiful one。Now I'd like you to demonstrate on our mannequin here。Mom。

 don't be shy。Why don't she go first？Of course， I was the first one up to do this。

 so it's awkward like most of the times I've actually been with women。🎼收紧。🎼When you give me。🎼心的。

You can sit down my turn？Any job worth doing is worth doing， right？

I did my best you imagine she was a real woman It's nice Eskimo kiss there。Brian。

 I've actually looked it up on a blog like how to make out I went to Google and I Googleod out like how to make out so trying to on the mannequin but's called at least it was a female。

Thank you。But it was like kissing a dead person。Do you guys happen to know what a neurogenous zone is？

It's an area in a woman's body that is filled with a lot of sensitive sensory nerve endings。

These areas on your body make you feel sexually aroused。

So I'm going to go ahead and demonstrate all the sensitive areas on Whitney here are going to teach you the basics on mastering the art of sensual touch。

A you guys ready to get started？Now one area。I at your look。Erojaina sew number two。

 the Nae of the Ne。Erogen is sew number three， the breast。🎼C it out。Oh it， owe it。

Tickling your tongue in the navel。It's also a very erotic place。Touch her hips。

Pay attention to the back of her knee。What was going on before me？

Reminded me of my brother's Bchelor party， though， definitely a lot more educational。Well。

 that's class。And now for your reward challenge。Each of you will have 90 seconds to work on some touching techniques。

 not with a mannequin。🎼But with Aaron。ComeM on， don't be shy。Coming up。

The guys must feel their way through a rousing challenge and later can the students learn to escalate their game or will they fall short？

🎼He's w up。 He's way better than this。It's game on。🎼Yeah。🎼The。And now for your reward challenge。

Each of you will have 90 seconds to work on some touching techniques， not with a mannequin。

But with Aaron。When mystery came in and said that a reward challenge was actually going to be practice on Aaron and our sexologists。

 I think we're like， are you kidding me， like we're going to be feeling up this hot woman in front of us？

We want to make sure that it's a true test of the senses。

 so we're going to do this 100% in total darkness。Wow。

 we weren't expecting that we'll be going into a completely dark room。

 Aaron will be in there and it's our goal to hit all the orrogenous zones and she'll be rating us This will be a blind test for her as well she's going to pick the winner based only on touch。

Now， what is the reward for this challenge？This is what I would believe to be one of the best pickup artist tools。

This。Is an earpiece。With me on the other side。You'll have me in your ear infield tonight。

A direct line to。Mystery right my ear Def one of the most tempting rewards we've had so far。

 All right， Aaronin， enjoy the polar room All right guys good luck good luck。See it。All right。

 here's the first student， our first student， Simeon Okay。

 here's Sion Sion has a shirt shirt All right， Well that makes sense。

Within two seconds of empty the room， my shirt was off and I was like groping around and dark trying to find this woman I just figure I'm going to start at the head and work my way down therogjaous zones that she had mentioned Siim's kind of like how many kisses can I get in this minute？

复查。I was kind of getting excited and my mouth started filling with a lot of saliva。

So as I was kissing the body， I was just kind of leaving like dog slobber over this port of girl。

🎼All right， Tiger。All right， that's it for Simeon， Er is a good sport。

 she just got absolutely slobbered on。Here comes Todd。My history with women。

 building the physical aspect of relationship has always been the hardest part for me。

 so theres definitely a level of nervousness。Todd is in 100% pitch blackness right now。

 but she doesn't know who it is。Because。They didn't have this way about her。

 she was just like screaming。Sex appeal and it was intimidating was really intimidating Todd's in his own headspace so nervous not knowing what to do。

I don't think she enjoyed herself， Aaron， what did you think？He's a little shy。

 he needs to be a little bit more aggressive。I couldn't find her。

 she's like over here over here I was like just groping like trying to find where the voice was coming from I don't it's kind to do it in the dark isn't it？

All right， next up。This this him， this is Matt。I wanted to make it my goal to utilize all those bargenous zones that she's covered with us。

 while at the same time kind of maintaining a very soft gentle touch。🎼W。You didn't agree。

She's enjoying herself， It looks like it's a little noise。He has definitely listened to her。

He seemed to utilize。The tips that I was giving， the other one just seemed like he wanted to make out with me and the other one wasn't aggressive enough。

 so he was a happy medium。Okay， so maybe I keep her out Sam Bruceing Si did take his shirt off。

You are freak weirdo， do we？gave you a bad idea All right。

 come on like when you're making out with a chick， do you not have your shirt off？Not at first。

Good luck， bro。suck咁 up。🎼All right high hopes for my buddy I had a whole game plan worked out of how I was going to do everything。

 but soon as we got on the ground。Tried there。Not to pass out for one。

Greake seems to be in the moment he's not self conscious at all。

I'm so curious to see who she is going to fix。🎼一起。🎼で好き？🎼谁真。Thank you好。

I think she was enjoying herself with Greg so far， He did a really good job hitting all the points that I went over in the lesser。

I wasn it I， she asked for my number right。At best she did， you know sexy man you。 Here's Brian。

 Here comes Brian。 Brian has a very limited amount of experience touching women。

 I can't wait to see what he's about the pull。Don't walk on herm right here。Okay have。

He's thoroughly heaven fun right now Okay don't mo her she's being muuled by a pirate don't attack her Now it's kind of weird because her fur was all over her face so I was like I had luck。

But it was like。🎼It was like looking like a furry dog she smiled。

 but I don't know if she got turned ons going to be able to pull the trigger。

 Hes got that going where other people didn' not dare to go。The other am no， it's crazy。🎼别个不怎生的。

🎼美しくじ！And here comes Ryan。Cunky entry。He's going for the gold though。

Since I was last in the pillow room。I definitely had a lot of time for the nerves。To build up。

Very clumsy clumsy is how it is in the beginning。That break a few eggs to make an o do。

Are the nipps hard bud she's a very pleasant woman。I definitely had a fun time。Yeah。😊。

You had fun I did。 Do you guys have fun Yeah oh yeah， Yeah， just a little。

Now ultimately it's not up for me to decide who wins this reward challenge， it's up to Aaron。

So of all these people that you had a chance to interact with， in your opinion。

 who is the winner of today's reward Challenge？I'm going to have to go with number three that would be match congras。

I needed the boost I won I was happy to have that one locked up because I think all the guys looked up to me they're like。

 oh wow， he he knew what he was doing in there what is it in particular that set Matt apart from the rest He just seemed to really focus all his attention on me and you just seem like you enjoyed yourself and it made me enjoy myself I enjoyed myself Yeah Thank you All right。

 and that means that you officially when this This is your earbud you're gonna have me in your ear。

Tonightve got mask congrats thank you joy keep that safe will do mystery presented me an earbud and at this point I'm feeling great about going into that the next field test。

Coming up。Our students get advice on a touchy subject We all want to kiss girlsUltimately we all want to kiss girls if we can pull it off tonight and some guys set their sights on a lofty goal I've actually looked up on a blog like how to make out I've also tried on like a stack of ham folded together I' just like kind of like like suck on it who can perform perfect night。

And who will be sent home It game。All right gentlemen， the lesson begins now。

It's time to talk about kno escalation。Kno is short form for kinesthetic which means touch and escalation is reminiscent of the rungs on the ladder I need to get her comfortable with arm and arm before I can get her comfortable with hugging I need to get comfortable hugging before I can get to kissing and so on right So let's now discuss what the different levels are After the reward challenges over with we split up into two groups and we worked on you know escalation you have to go in confident and motivated and with lots of energy and super playful So basically these are all the steps these are the steps to the ladder to get to the point of kissing。

All keynno escalation is a series of compliance tests。If I do arm and arm， good girl。

 that's all you get， hold right there， good， okay， get this。🎼You see。

I ask for compliances and give me your hands and she puts her hands on top of mine。

She has complied with my request， right？And basically you're going to get to that next step when you start to get the eye eyes back from her。

We all want to kiss girls， ultimately we all want to kiss girls if we can pull it off tonight。

We're going to calibrate to a woman's comfort levels if she is not in the mood to be kissed。

 you should have the social savvy to know， to recognize that now this girl。

 if I go for a kiss tactic on her， it's not going to happen and don't do it。

There's three different types of kisses there's the long kiss where it's just like a real safe safeguard kiss。

 almost honest one the cheap kiss except on the mouth。

 there's the actual kiss where you hold it' there's a French kiss okay Ill practice making now。

I've tried on like a stack of ham folded together and just like trying to like like suck on it。

 but that was way too salty， it didn't work too well。Royian Field tonight。

What that means is there's going to be another field test。

Your objective for tonight's field test is to get traction from a woman。Lock in。

Issolate her into a sit down location。And ultimately。Kiss her。

I've never really attempted to kiss a girl in a club。 So there's obviously some nervousness there。

 and。Hopefully you'll be able to do it。You're scared a little aren't yet tonight， Of course， I mean。

You don't have the option to have a bad day here right you have a bad day you're going go home right I mean that's how it is I feel like I really need to step up my game if I'm going to continue on in this competition because even improving at this point isn't enough。

 you need to see results。I think anybody here has potential。

 but it's just about actually performing to that potential that matters to the end going into tonight's field test。

 I'm thinking I'm ready to do this because I have an earbud。

 I have all these things of mystery taught us but at the same time I'm feeling nervous because will I be able to put them into place to eke out of victory tonight。

Escalated touching and kissing lead inevitably to mutual physical seduction。Tonight。

 my students will need to effectively use the building blocks of keynote。

To know when their target is ready for them to initiate that all important kiss。Gentlemen。

 tonight's great challenge lies before you。If you follow the steps effectively to Keno escalate。

 you will be kissing someone tonight。The contestant whoquino escalates to a kiss while preserving comfort in the target。

We'll win the field test。And we'll be safe from the next elimination。You won the reward Chaenge。

 so you'll be wearing an earbud tonight。With that piece of equipment in your ear。

 you'll have my voice guiding you。All the way to your kiss tonight。All right， guys， fear not。

 you can do this and it will be fun。Good luck in there， Thanks， we'll be watching。Coming up。

Some guys get the cold shoulder what do you think？And when others bomb。

 it will cause mystery to explode。Gentlemen， you will be kissing someone tonight。Good luck in there。

We'll be watching。And here is smeon。And ladies， tell me what movie？Is this from？

Nobody puts baby in a corner and he's into a set immediately。

Siimimeon's energy levels are still way too high I don't see any my friends in the place。

🎼And getting I from the girl on the left the in out in out in out in exactly。

Forre being a good girl right there。Perfect even if he doesn't get anywhere with these girls。

 he's now social proofing the whole room。I'm from California。Pnsylvania， Pennsylvania girls。

 I've heard about you Do you guys want to go choke a little bit？

He is now moving the set into lock lock night and such a great time out here in let me tell you like he sat down on one side of the group now I can talk to the furthest girl and both of them were going to hear him my brother just moved out here and me over。

Come out check the place at this point he needs to start keno escalating so he can get on the road to a kiss float。

Listen， I think my cousin。What is that touching that， what is this？But what is that？

That's a sad attempted keynote What is that Hey pal？

I got to get going here actually pretty soon I think my cousins going to be taking another club。

 You might if I get your number next time。🎼Arizona and。

So now I's going to go for phone number exchange which is not what we were after tonight my friend Well I felt that I really did a lot better than the last field test。

 but at the same time like the fact that I wasn't able to meet the objective worries a little bit。

Here's Todd， here's Todd opening a very lovely two set。Sd or Mary Kate or Ashley Ol。Recover soldier。

On top。was， there's girls all around him look at this， turn around open turn around， lock in。

 you're surrounded already。Ericer。🎼Good。I don't know。我谁打过？Get body rock out。Let over here。

🎼That bringing them following。No， check it out。 It's cute， right？It's a near dad。It's a me cat。

I'm your cat。Here's the。🎼There's a definite tone level change in the set。

 He's forgetting all his materials going out the window。

 wheres that conversation going to go nowhere it's like day one。

I'll be in town for like one more week， right？Thats under contact Kent help I go out again。

 we'll meet up。看嘛。It's going to be a great conversation。🎼That's it。Yeah， it it doesn't matter now。

Itll be an experiment。One point where I went for a phone number just when to try to get something and I just I couldn't get it and I probably got shot down four times in 30 seconds This is not a match walk away walk away。

Break a leg， Matt。Even knowing that I'd have mystery in my ear， I was scared。

 but at the same time I felt， here's my opportunity to get back in the game。

 choose the hottest set and work your way backwards。Today is a great day。

Me and my friends just completed a camper and we are celebrating like it's the end of Oceans 11。🎼Cs。

They're in into him and he's engaged them， he's hooked the set coming from Vegas？

Where does a man this daer come from？He's engaged them， he's having fun with them。

 he's throwing it back and forth。There's shame。Oh make the target shows back to me that is up they value him for not taking their credit my friends are going to be in a little bit。

To join me for a little。And the handhold is taking place here， don't drag her too hard。

 you can pretend that you're like this innocent， but you've got that knotaughty side too。

What he's doing a good job is keeping them engaged， but there's no keynote。🎼浩鱼来个谁。🎼好文。

I've gotten to know your friends， please have a seat Yeah， join us。He looks like the man。

 every girl in the room is going to want to meet him now。This。That show's not free。Oh， wow！

She knows all her friends are interested。And she'sing right now she's presenting as well。

Do you always travel like that？This is the guy doing scarf tricks last weekend。

He doesn't know what to do。I of stuck it in the 1980s， right， I forgot my cell phone tonight。

I need to borrow your friend for a second， take her by the hand I trouble you for your phone number man I trouble you for your phone number I got to borrow your friend for a second makeup get it。

Bre over for a second， Thank you。She's no， I have notes for him， I know exactly what he did wearing。

GreatAll right， that's great。Hey guysy， good question。

I've been wanting to ask somebody this ever since I came to Arizona a couple days ago。

 I got to go back to my friends and， but does it ever get colder than 120 degrees？

Bob worries with the weather weather opener。I opened with my usual Phoenix weatherer opener。You know。

 they usually respond really well。You taught him that I did not Did that the not opener I've got like a up here I down。

It's a little too clunky buddy。I want to introduce you to some friends。

 it's all you have to say my bedroom。Like the windows are right next to the backyard area。

In order for him toquino escalate， he needs to isolate the target。

 he needs to befriend all the obstacles and then move the target and。あるよ。

They don't look like they're having fun and a couple nights ago， my first night。

I started hearing this rustling in the middle of the night， I pulled them back in， don't them。

 don't lose them。We're probably going to be having like a double house horn bodies。

 you guys want to come？There goes one。Theyre the done。

Is this the big place on Friday nights This is not a blown set， this is a blown up set。ない。

Here go the rest paraute courts， goodbye。All right， Ryan as a boy。

 he's walking in like he's going in。He's a mover and a shaker， you guys have fun。Cool， oh yeah。

 totally。🎼喂。Of course， I mean。By by。Hes， hees just strolling by， hey。

 how was it going and walking away and they hooked him back。

He's implementing another keynote step on the ladder。

 he's executing the objectives of tonight now let's see if he can get to kiss guys want。Hey。ねとと。

You can only really stand so long。They're loving his attention。So now you're going sew all over。

Let's start doing morequis。🎼看。Let me know if I get too。あでか。🎼哎呀。Oh my god。🎼that sounds pretty good。

I hope you guys don't mind if I borrow first a。Brian is dancing。

He's isolated his target from the group now。Are you impulsive？Go go。

It might not have been on the lips， but it was definitely gratifying to at least kiss such a pretty lady on the cheek。

Even though he messed up the Kingcabit can't help the love that guy。Youys。

Quick question Do you guys think David Bie is hot Brian's just opened a four set of girls David Bie？

rockThey're going to take over unless he snis and stacks。Hold on， back to me。

And he does that handles the interrupt continues she doesn't have like a by wall。And no。No。

 I'm talking。Look at my eyes。Now look at my atoms apple here。He's doing like。

 you know he went in for the compliance test and he'll get back to it I think he's doing great I'm just want to comeman。

は，来。Brian just got shot down by the girls he was knocking with and he's out。I gave it my best shot。

 but I don't think I did good overall。Hey guys， great fun now it's true that none of you actually reached the official objective。

One of you in particular impressed us。You're wondering who that could be。He enjoyed himself。

 the girls enjoyed themselves， and that's what this game's all about。

🎼I'm so proud of this person for stepping up their game and going through such an amazing transformation。

 this guy every week never ceases to amaze me。 I always pega as the underdog。

 and he always comes out on top。 The winner of tonight's field test is。😊，Byan。

It did a great job thank you because you won the field test， you will not be going home this week。

All right guys， get some good sleep， think about what you learned tonight， and I'll see you tomorrow。

I'm disappointed myself because I had mystery in my ear if I had just。

Played the game the way it was supposed to be played， I would not be worried right now。

I'm going to wear something nice before I go out。 That's what was my philosophy last time， yeah。

I'm going to go out， I'm going out looking stylish。I don't want to go home， I'm not ready to go home。

I don' know if it just have a little more time， I know the next field test would be totally different。

 but I just need one more chance to prove that。Every week is a clean slate。

 you can have three great weeks in a row and then if you have a bad week， that's it。

 there's no room for mistakes at this point。Good evening， take a seat。It's time for elimination。

TheMlions on this table each stand for a step in your education。Tonight。

 those of you who have worked hard will be receiving the green medallion on this medallion is the symbol Ken。

 which represents。Enlightenment。Before we even get started handing out the medallions。

 I've got something to tell you， something that's been pressing on my mind。

Although I saw improvement in each of you last night。

I have to admit that I was disappointed that none of you were able to obtain a real kiss。

From your target。At this stage， all of you should be advancing way more quickly than you are。

I'm sort of worried that at the end of all this， I'm not going to find a man who is worthy of being the pickup artist。

Ryan， you won last night's field test congratulations thank you Well you're going to take home the first medallion。

🎼Good luck， guys。Simon， we were worried。When you went in with really high energy yet again。Bre。

Well what happened to you last night， man， those openers， you talked about the weather？

It wasn't really working for you。Brian。It seemed like you hit a wall and you didn't know how to pass it。

Todd， you got lost in your own head。You were just standing there， hovering， hovering。Matt。

There you are sitting with this beautiful woman， she showed you kote and you didn't take advantage of it。

I want to give one of our first medallions to a student who was very fun to watch。Congratulations。

 Brian。Grab your medallion。Matt。Although you were on the verge of elimination last week， last night。

 we saw some major improvements。Go ahead and take him a dying。Three men。Two medallions。

 one of you is going home。The next student who will be staying with us showed some progress this week。

This guy moved tos set but had absolutely no idea where to take it。Simeon。

I'm getting you medal dyingion。🎼Yeah。We're down to the final two students and there's only one medallion left to award。

One of you is going home。We're down to the final two students and there's only one medallion left to award。

One of you is going home。You know I'm a little sad because last week。You two were at the top。

And today you're sitting at the bottom。What are your thoughts？Greg。

 don't rely just on your looks or the initial reaction that you get when you go into set。

 so you need to get your material that we taught you down， learn the structure。Tra I'm To。

 you always have this huge smile in your face， you have a great attitude。

 but that kind of energy and that smile is only going to take you so far。

I was really expecting a lot more from you。The student who is staying with us will need to take it to the next level。

🎼If he's going to continue on this path。🎼坚束。Greg。Please accept this final medallion。You've earned it。

It dodges the bullet。Oh let you down。Todd。It's came over。🎼你没 go。Mr。 Tommy， the best of humanity。

He taught me how to find what is the best that this world has to offer and how to embody that into yourself。

I did things here that I can never imagine myself doing。I got over my fears。

 I got over my insecurities。I charged through all of it。

I want to trade this experience for anything in the world。Up to this point in my life。

 it's the best thing I've ever done。🎼思慕。🎼你。Next time on' the pickup artist。

The guys try to impress some uptown girls and she taught me one great dance and was called the screwdriver。

And raise money for a good cause。Every。But the pressure is too much for some and another student is sent packing game。

