# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第二季：把妹达人第二季 07(中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼Previously on the pickup artist， The students finally took their game outside the club。

 Tru Pick up artists can attract women anywhere where Matt found some veggies he really liked I just started feeling like I was like the weird of walking down the same produce I。

 How many times can you look at the same cucumber and Ryan's The games won him the reward challenge。

 Youre the winner of Thank you then the guys paired up and hit the club to see who could be the best wing man Sion and that helped each other close the deal I both of I can why。

😊，🎼啊。🎼But red wasn't a team player leaving Ryan on his own to struggle。

The love of God he is so scared at elimination Greg barely survived and the man who couldn't kiss was sent home Brian it game。

Tonight， the three remaining men face off in their greatest challenge yet meet your new students。

Teaching friends from home how to pick up women we were once these guys practice makes perfect and with only 24 hours to get ready。

 the pressures on Derek and I need to keep practicing because if he doesn't do well I can say goodbye to the $50。

000 six men have been eliminated now three remain whose game will end tonight。

One man has discovered the secrets of attraction and has become the world's most famous pickup artist。

 his name is mystery， known the world over， he and his team will teach these secrets to nine men with zero game。

 transforming lives and turning lovable losers into irresistible ladies men。

Who will become the next pickup artist？그。Three guys left and one of us was going to be the pickup artist。

I bet you it's just a really hard decision for them to make too this one's so close。

 I mean it's really。You see the merits of both guys， but to be completely honest。

 I'd be rooting for Ryan。🎼Just because。I've gotten pretty close with him。Gregg's a nice guy。

 but he just doesn't open up that much。We never learned how to kiss threeway。

To have Ryan juggle that without the help of wingingman was a Hercule task and I didn't think he would be able to do it and that's why I thought Greg would be going I can't say that I'm really rooting for either one I really want to win this competition and strategically Greg I think poses more of a threat than Ryan does。

So therefore， I would like to actually see Greg go home。Wow， there he comes final three。Wow。

Congratulationsgratulations I think Si and Matt definitely want Ryan to stay。At this point。

 I'm a little bit of a bigger threat。Right here。They just。

🎼Completely rip part really for not senseing what hed。

 It was probably his most successful evening that he's had since he's been here。

 and it still wasn't good enough to keep him around。

 They said that he could have made out with both of them。 and he didn't。😊。

He really emphasized that and anyone came to me and said， you know。

 Ryan your win and you just didn't do anything about I saw him being a pickup artist。

 but not him pick artist and I can at least see that in you。So guys。Good morning， guys。

The final three。A pick artist can't call himself a master until he's able to teach the art to someone else。

Your challenge today is to teach three newbies， the fundamentals of pickup。The better their game。

 the better it reflects on you。I love teaching this is what I live for if you've taught them well and they succeed。

They bring you one step closer to becoming the pickup artist。

This is a true testament of what we've learned and how we can communicate it。If they fail。

 they can drag you down with them。Everything that has been crammed up into your head is now going to go from your head into their head。

 and you've got 24 hours to make that happen。Well， it looks like they're here now。

Meet your new students。啊哈好哈。😊，Wow， I am a shot。It's one of my best friends walking through the door my friend chuck what a surprise this is gonna be awesome Wow mystery always has got one thing up his sleeve or another and was this was the biggest of them mall so far it was a huge shock to see someone that I actually knew walk through that door Hey guys could I ask you kindly to grab yourelves a seat？

Its sit beside your buddy。It's good to meet you all。Matt， I believe your friend's name is Chuck。

It's nice to meet you Nice to meet you as well I believe your friend's name Simeon is Ryan All right。

 we lost one Ryan and we got another pleasure Nice to meet you。Greg， and your friend's name is Derek。

 very good to meet you as well。There's a lot more to being a pickup artist than just picking up girls。

It's also about taking the tools and techniques that you now possess。

And teaching others how to use them。These are all friends of yours from your hometowns When you end your journey here with me。

 you'll be returning to your hometowns。And for your first students。

 who better than the fellows that you'll be rolling with when you get back home。

 effectively train him。And you're going to have a competent wing man for life。Tomorrow night。

 your newbies will be hitting the club with the techniques that you taught them。

 the better their game， the better it reflects on you。

Remember that the first step in this process is creating a good avatar。

 so it looks like it's time for a makeover。You're in charge。🎼Good luck。You're in good hands。I hope。

Coming up。The teachers and their friends hit the stores for a much needed makeover thatd be good I don't know about pastel and later with only 24 hours left to practice one team struggles with its game。

Right now， the way you're presenting yourself is some guy who just came from the beach and probably sat alone me and Ryan go back a long long ways。

 Unfortunately， we really didn't have any women in our life whatsoever My name's Ryan Simeon and I you were in the same fraternity in Seattle。

 One of the things I started doing is changing the whole look the clothes Simeon's wardrobe is definitely a big improvement and definitely a lot more edge year We're definitely going to have to work on getting a whole new clothing going on What that basically is they call it anor My name is Derek。

I'm from Salem Utah， the same town that Greg's from。

 I just remember growing being an all around Chai person so to see the way he is now is pretty interesting。

How much experience do he have with approaching Putin， not a whole lot， a whole lot okay？

Have you ever had a mako？No。🎼First time， yeah， scared。 No， I mean， I shouldn't be。My name is Chuck。

 I'm from Los Angeles， California， I've known that since actually since middle school。

 I don't really put a lot of effort into meeting women back in LA I'm totally open to doing everything except for shaving the beard just trying to keep the douche level down。

P了 mean。Sorry are you seeing my do levels high No， your levels beard is a dangerous thing though could be like manly beard or like douchhy beard You know what I mean Matt and I are like great friends we go out all the time typical night going out with chocolate would involve a local tavern and having adventures nothing club like's it's very low key gallavanting around town it involves beverages alcoholic beverages maybe we like to have a lot of drinks and it's。

Never really about women， I'd say we play up your metal side。Fine， really roll with that。

But like not bad new middle， but but old school like Judas Pris， yes。After catching up with Derek。

 it was time to start his makeover。Ooh look at this， this look good right here。

🎼We're going with a metal motif。 So see that right there。 Oh， that'd be good。

 I knew exactly what kind of look I wanted for Ryan。

 a very flashy rock star look in kind of the transformation that I've made myself。 here。

 hold on to that。 That's what I'm talking about。 Cries are big。

 especially if you're gonna be peacocking。 And we're definitely going try to peacock it up。😊。

Come on out。Brian is kind of a shy guy， so I started experimenting with harder looks， edgiier looks。

 not only is this man getting laid， but he's getting laid by hot chi。

That is the luck we're going for。So I got some new jeans。

 let's try a few more shirts I got new black button up， so it's a big improvement in style。

This is one of the things that I don't really get like trying to match。

An overshirt with underhirt Yeah Derek usually wears just a plain polo shirt and some shorts I don't think he's used to wearing tight jeans or tight clothes at all picking my best two challenges have been with the you kind of tight t-shirt。

We just tried on everything basically。If you like it coach I think that's great what do you think about this I wanted Chuck to be as comfortable as possible with this new look I don't have any issues with it。

🎼Because more comfortable he is with his new look the more comfortable he'll be in the field。

 they may not have my size debut taught here。🎼I got some pantaloons that perhaps will fit。

I thought we were past playing with fake boob， you settle down them， you play with the fake boobs。

 I'll go find some real ones。Here's this thing。I pretend this never happened Yeah I don't know about pastel。

Yeah， it's okay， yeah， I like it。We together， I'm pleasantly surprised， if to clean up some ice？

You are a damn sexual attempt renasseur， Charles。We talked to the hairdresser and she suggested kind of like a controlled chaosla you have a lot of hairman We'll thin it out we'll do some stuff and then we'll put product and itll be crazy Are we going to do anything with your be？

like trim it， but I mean not。No。With some people， big changes are part of their avatar with other people。

 it's about just refining certain images that they already have a little bit kidd I'm totally kidding if I had been Chuck's mentor I would have made him pass out and shaved his beard for him if that's what it took。

Would you be opposed to going redder Probably I don't really like the red you When I first saw De's hairtyle。

 I knew something had to change maybe if we could get somebody to tint your brows and your lashes you don't like the red I was actually thinking in a pretty radical sense I thought maybe we'll dye black that's almost black is this because but he didn't really want to hear about it about it。

Oh it's awesome， so we went ultra platinum blonde with his hair freaking off。

And did a nice spy kind of fauxhawk of something that was really flashy and the kind of look that will actually turn head when Ryan goes into the club All right。

 I think they're all done here I convinced Ryan to really commit to this transformation open wide by getting a lip piercing。

That wasn't so bad， was it？Do you realize there's a possibility you're going to be on national television with your shirt on？

Yall sat as as you can be When I found out that Darrek's tan had to be applied by hand。

 I couldn't help but laugh， rub the most he the so having a woman you know rub him all over with that tan I'm sure it was pretty exciting for him you have any clue you're doing the hairstylist styled it and I thought we can get a little crazier with this so I had him sit back down in the chair I put some gunk in my hands I don't even know what it was put it in and just went crazy with it Ta we did it to the world。

I present。The new Chuck。The man in black。You look very sexy， well， thank you Matt。Coming up。

 the clock is ticking and it's time to hit the books What do you think of tattoos on girls this is called the trust。

But a dry run isn't enough to stop some from getting cold feetast He's already freezing up analysis paralysis。

Let me see Anne real quick。gameも。Yeah。A short period of time of only 24 hours to train Ryan。

 I want to put in as much information as possible if we can get all the way to where I think you can kiss and we're going to try to be that I am ready to absorb。

So I wanted to initially focus just on the opener and the DHP's demonstration of higher value。

 because if you do that， you can get a number close pretty easily once you see them over the shoulder body rock out as you're finishing it up。

Maybe take a step away， just do the roll off。A lot of the things that they tell you to do rock at this point。

 look away at this point， it's not my style， with my experience， I just kind of want to be friends。

🎼You guys quick question。 What do you think of tattoos on girls S more speakss。

 Derek has a natural charm and a natural way of talking to people。 if he just utilizes that。

 then I can see him winning this。😊，Even when you're walking with that confident smile。

 I feel really fake if I smile too much， though it' really weird， it's like ching。 I'll try it。

 but you can tell me if you think it looks weird。He guys quick question。

 what do you think of tattoos on girls？Do it。I know you because you're like me you'll look at like these openers and you'd say no way any of this stuff works It doesn't make sense。

 does it right now but it works I mean sure we're cut from the same cloth Chuck and I in a lot of ways he's skeptical of any new information I was Vegas when you were last there Okay。

 Meet any lady folk。A。Yeah， I mean， standard Vegasness walking into a bar and talking to a girl is。

🎼It's kind of interesting。 It's just weird for me to just cold talk to somebody if I don't have any knowledge of who they are。

 I'll teach you good Vegas game。 We've learned it。 He I already amazing Vegas game。

 This is amazing Vegas game。 you'll be pulling tens。😊，It'll be really redeeming， you know。

 if I'm able to teach you some stuff that'll validate。Yeah what I'm trying to do。

 I came here to support you， this isn't something I'm particularly interested in， right？

🎼But I'm going to give it a shout for the old the old Radma I wanted to teach things I knew he could achieve in the field。

 the best case scenario， let's assume is getting a numberumbed and one of the things that I noticed helped me out a lot was。

🎼Creating your own stories。 You know what's a really funny story。

 the time you had the fire in your house。 And then here's a good DHV spike。 you could throw in there。

 You know， you know， I love my cat so much。 I love her， you know， and there's this fire going on。

 I was like， I'm not leaving this place until I get her。 They're going to be like， oh， he's so sweet。

 didn't happen， but it's an awesome story。 right for me。

 it kind of feel strange still to not be100% honest right up front。

 That's something that I don't necessarily feel totally comfortable with。😊。

Let's brainstorm on some other ones。What else？I lot of lots coming to my mind right now when he's in uncomfortable situations。

He sometimes can shut down and he will not be receptive to things， I won't lie。

 I feel very nervous for this next field test。啊。We'reing to borrow with a lucky lady right here。

A Chinese wiseman once said， " if you shoot for the moon， maybe you'll land back in the earth。

 but if you shoot for the sun， you might just land on the moon， if I set a very high gu room。

 the chances of them excelling are much greater and dont want you to open over the shoulder like I taught you。

 nobody puts baby in a corner。It's not theater， it's pick up like birocking spine。

 don't use your hands， don't do this motion， and this is how we do it startquily。🎼Keno， you know。

 you know。It's a lot of information to take in in a very little amount of time we'll see what I can pull off if you don'tote。

It's pretty much impossible for you to kiss don't repeat my answer again Hey guys quick question what do you think of tattoos on girls？

I don't like them， y'all like them。My level of concern is Derek not knowing what to say next。

 hopefully we'll be able to practice enough so he can get over that I don't know why I forget I can't stop it like it's like time to think Derek and I need to keep practicing and practicing because if he doesn't do well then I can say goodbye to the $50。

000。🎼，We should go get Escargo some time Sure Okay so me and Ryan have been drilling like hour after hour to put in as much this information into him like say I look at your lips person's ready going for the kiss if there's any flaw in his game so far。

 it's probably in the point where he needs to isolate a target if you're doing that Yeah I'll do it to you need a little tension test be like like what do you think about do you want to kiss me or are you impulsive Simeon has given me the whole process of approach to kiss clothes this is called the trust test Okay good。

We're getting pretty close， that's okay， we've known each other for a while， Do you want to kiss me？

We're not that close。Don't actually kiss me， of course an editor。平啊。🎼Yeah。

Lookingtting your boy out with the gamma tonight。No， that's not him。

 You've got to understand your student。And play to their strengths we're just throwing stuff at them。

 it's like throwing money into a fire。Doesn't necessarily help you and your conservative values I don't know what you're talking about tonightight losing really isn't an option and I feel that I'm putting up so much information into Ryan and he's doing so well that I really do feel that Ryan will win the field test tonight I love you Simeon I love you too Matt That's why I feel really bad that I'm gonna to have to destroy you tonight。

For a true pickup artist， the ability to teach the fundamentals of pickup to others is essential。

Tonight I expect to see each newbie effectively open sets using the techniques they were taught by my students。

I'll also be watching to see how well they can handle themselves under the pressure of live infield coaching。

It's time to see who's ready to graduate and who needs to be sent back to pickup school。Good evening。

 good evening。🎼。As you guys were teaching your friends。

 I'm sure that you became even more aware of just how far you actually have come。Just to prepare you。

 you're about to go all of you。Into a room。Filled with beautiful women。Have my students prepared you。

It's frustrating in a way， once he sets foot in that door into that club， it's on him。

 he could become the biggest pickup artist I've ever seen。

 or he could just sit down at a booth by himself and get a drink， I don't know which way he'll go。

Good evening， evening。The newbie who does the best job in the club tonight will win the field test for his friend。

And the winner of this field test will be safe from elimination。

Your friends will be sitting in the surveillance truck with us watching your every move。

 you will get one break halfway through with your teacher where he will give you advice on your performance。

🎼Good luck。🎼You looking can just。🎼你。And there goes Derek。🎼All right。

 what's he doing wrong already walking way too fast not smiling。Makeake a smile。Right there。

 over your shoulder。It was in his head， in his head， do I do it， do I do it， nope， I'm not ready。

He is breathing up months。Point to the guy who's having the least fun right now。

G I guess that would be your buddy Derek， do you think it would benefit Derek if you were to go in right now。

 give them a few pointers， Yes， go for it All right。D。Go man。

You're passing have a lot of sense to you and really？The most important thing。

I don't like these terms like confidence， it doesn't mean anything you can't just tell I go be confident。

Hey guys， quick question， what do you think of tattoos on girls？🎼这这个。

ra I got to get back to my friends a minute he's not body rocking but he just did a false time constraint My sister's 19 and she's been dating a guy for like two months and she wants to get at that two of his name on her arm He seems to be pecking a little bit。

Okay。You think I'm trashing？Well thank you for your opinion and I'll tell her that。

Ouch and he's out what happened there Greg， he didn't do anything I just told him。

I'm going to bite you， Derek。He hasn't touched a woman for two years。

Better buy your buddy a beer man， I like he's enjoying himself。🎼。

guys welcome thank you you were unable to convince him to shave that bushy beard of I could not do it Yeah he's the lovable teddy bear of the serial killer you don't know yet。

He's already freezing up。🎼Alysis paralysis at this point he's trying to find the perfect set。

I think now is the best time for you to go in there， give them some pointers， let's see it。

 let's do it thanks guys。All let's see if that can get a student back on track this is central don't be afraid to open make sure you don't you know。

🎼Pos get around Chuck really doesn't look happy keep that that state looking good tonight you know。

 that's that well that was good advice。 Let's hope it works。You guys， I a real question。

 like quick question for you guys， right？Would you ever do the Howard Stern show？

Would you ever buy in the house？Well， he opened a forcees set and one of them happens to be very beautiful。

 let's see what happens。🎼B he got invited to go on the show was target Howard So we thinking he hasn't identified it yet。

 that's going to be a problem。 There's been no keynote so far。

Many girls have a wonderful time outside。Yes， deject it。uck I mean， nice to meet you man。

Thanks for the warm a welcome not leaving， but you know it's interesting he was about to leave and she asked for his name。

也也没别的合宾。Oh， they're the first one， but he's getting significant amounts of Ii。

Comfort has been established now we need to amp up attraction， get a lock in。Something crazy at。

I'm only going to be here for a few days I don't know really where to go anything that's a DLD he just said I don't really know where to go or anything I'm new here so I'm kind of thinking maybe like。

You。爱情。I have a boyfriend。これは。And goodbye。to all of them just rip away from him forever。

 he didn't pick a target no。🎼紧张。🎼あ。All right， Ryan's going in Ryan seems to be pretty excited about the process he definitely is。

Movie is this sp。He's opening over his shoulder。🎼Nobody puts baby。A dirty dancing。

That's the use all the time he reminds me of you， let me see your an。No。ItRe quick。

Do you see how interested he is in her， he's coming off very needy right now？It's just a hand。ははは。😊。

回。I don't know interestingtering， I'm checking out my hands tonight。

 he's like I'm going to run some kote here it kills me out here。take个。え thereりま。Okay， roll off。

 take it easy， nice to meet you。Why don't you head on in there and give them some pointers all right？

Well， Ryan。Okay。Some words of encouragement， you know you're doing good continue your opener is great look over the shoulder。

 be careful about leaning in be careful about mix sets。

 not engaging the guys you are I mean is spot on giving his pointers right now Good luck in there you're doing good keep an eye All right tied ice towards the front。

What movie is this from？🎼Nobody puts baby in a car。对。Its nice， give me some thinking though。Amen。

 your boyss in another set already all right， well that was quick。Lets here。

interesting do you see this ball guy looking at him like I'm going to kill you Yes I do Well if you approach a girl and a guy that big。

 I respect that。I'm going to go to get back to my friends。毎。あめ？rancisco。Yeah那个。

Notice how the girl in the Bo shirt brought her friend in because she likes him， she's like，"Hey。

 come over here and meet this guy。🎼还有玩。🎼What else can he do to build attraction talk amongst yoursves I'm just watching to make sure that this big guy doesn't beat the crap out of your buddy you guys all know each other。

🎼只要我。They're all there with their friends， so actually these two are not together。

 they're just friends， right？What exactly's isolated， all you have to do is lock in buddy。

Oh this guy's pulling her away Sunday cool party two o'clock is a cool if I contact you there we go。

Okay， this man knows it this man knows what he is talking about， Nice to meet you。S good stuff。

Good work， Matt Simeon and Greg， congrats。Your students did mighty fine job for only 24 hours of training。

While I was watching you in there， I got a sense of how effective you are teaching your friends。

In my humble opinion， one of you stood out and exceeded my expectations。

The winner of tonight's field Test。I was very impressed by Simeon， you were safe from elimination。

Congratulations。Having Ryan succeed makes me feel so great I'm in the final tune now。

 I'm the guy here to beat and to tell you the truth， I don't think Greg and Matt can beat me。

Well done， it was great to see the two of you working together so well。Say goodbye to your friends。

 you'll see them again in your own hometowns Thanks Jack， appreciate。

Jimmy's definitely going to come back with a much fatter wallet。

 hopefully he'll hand some it over to me。All right， as for you， Greg and Matt。

 you're on the chopping block。We'll figure it out tomorrow night at elimination。Elimination today。

Who knows what they all have？I thought well I thought I taught as well as I could， but you know。

 to have come this far and to go home would be a serious disappointment。

Committed to this challenge to this project because I had my eyes on one prize and that was winning they never I don't think they understood just how it can affect your whole life that's。

Ability to pick up girl， right？When mystery makes his decision for elimination。

 I think that he won't just be focused on how our students did， but how we taught them。

 which is actually good for me because I had a really great time teaching Derek。

 he just didn't execute anything that I taught him。Who knows what？

We'll inspire Myster's decision tonight， I don't know。

I feel I did enough this week to move into the finals and but the question I have is I think that。

Bregg did enough too。Good evening， good evening， grab yourselves a seat。Let's get down to business。

There are three of you。And only two medallions。Tonight we are awarding the Black medalonion。

This symbol is win， this is an ancient Germanic Fouchart symbol and it stands for joyy。

All that you've accomplished up until this point should have brought you great joy。To be a teacher。

Is a great honor。And as you've experienced， it's not easy。

Those who teach must first be masters of their own craft。For some of you。

 you were able to convince them wildly to make changes。For others， not so much。

What I was looking for was to see that you were able to witness their performance and then give them some directed pointers like a good coach should。

So I got a little taste of what you guys are like as approach coaches。

 I've got three potential approach coaches here。And I only have two medallions。

One of you will not be sleeping in this house tonight。Simimeon。

It was a pleasure to sit beside you in the surveillance truck last night。

As you watched your friend Ryan in the club， you critiqued his performance。

 that's what I was looking for。You demonstrated true mastery of the concepts。

 you took all your teachings， everything that you've learned， and you took the best parts of them。

And uploaded it into his head so that he could get the best results possible。

Come take your medallion。Thank you， youve earned it。Congratulations， thank you very much。

It's an honor。Looks good， feels good。All right。Chairs， thank you， good luck Ivy。

An important decision。The student who receives this medallion will be in the final two。Greg。

 when we saw your student enter into the bar last night， he looked uncomfortable。

I think he was suffering from an unbelievable amount of approach anxiety。But were his mistakes？

The first one was not having a good current emotional state。

Didn't body rock when you coached him halfway through the night。Did you tell him to correct that？

It's one thing to go in and give them a good pep talk， you know， hey， buddy I believe in you。

 it's a whole other thing to say if you do this， this， this and this， you'll get the girl。

It appeared you were more of a cheerleader。Then you were a coach。Let's move on to Matt。

When your friend， Chuck？Walked into that club， he demonstrated that he was uncomfortable。

 it did not look like he wanted to be there。And despite that， he still approached women。

Mt have been tough to see your friends struggle out there He was always a reluctant student from the beginning sense that and that was a big problem because as soon as he walked in the club if he wasn't happy to be there。

 it's all for naught。Look at the beard， for example。You accommodated him on that。

 were he to have demonstrated that he was well groomed that he could take care of himself。

 there would have been an increased chance， right？Listen， I'm not against beards， man， you know。

 I'm not a beard hater。At the very least it could have been turned into a cool style。

 he had so many options to work with it。And he did nothing。

You fail to inspire him to see that this is， in fact， life changing。

How many times have you been pushed during this competition。

 how many times have you gotten to that point where you're like I can't and we pushed you over the edge and you broke through those boundaries and you got there and so maybe if you would have pushed him a little bit further out of his comfort zones he could have overcame that and moved on and would have thanked you for it。

All right， there are two of you here。And there's only one medallion to award。

One of you will not be staying here tonight。One of you is about to go home。There are two of you。

And there's only one medallion to award。One of you will not be staying here tonight。Matt。

Why do you think you deserved to stay here I deserve to stay here because at some points I felt like I've hit rock bottom but I feel like every time I've taken one step backwards。

 I've moved two steps forward and I really feel like that growth pattern will continue if given the chance Matt。

 you come up to somebody and you give them a toolkit that's going to change their life by their own volition they should be supercharged and inspired and I didn't see any of that now if I put a student in front of you and I get that kind of response from them it's not a good place to be。

W do you think you should stay here， Greg？🎼In this last challenge， I。

Had a great opportunity to realize something in myself that I had completely forgotten。

 and that was my love for teaching， but it's been a long time since I've had enough knowledge about a subject to teach someone about it。

So the last challenge was a great reminder of how much that I love teaching。

🎼And the possibility to travel the country with all of you teaching things that。

Having enrich my life makes me want more to continue in this process Greg。

 we've seen some really great things from you and we've seen some really not so great things from you and you know that。

But at this point， I really expect you to be a little bit further along than you are。

This is a tough one。To quality men。This is very difficult for me。Greg。It's game up。Matt。

Please come take the final medallion。He earned it Thank you。All right， go join Simeon thanks。Graig。

 it has been a pleasure having you here。I see heaps of potential。Heep up the good work though。

 I will。All right， Craig， thank you， you may leave。🎼Thank题。

I feel that I did my best and if they couldn't see me being a pickup artist when I did my best。

 then you know I have to respect that。Mystery taught me how to be a better person。

 had to believe in myself that even when people turned me away。

Keep putting one foot in front of the other， and eventually I'll get to where I want to be。

I came here a person with。Really no confidence in himself， and now I'm leaving。

A person who has confidence in。In really everything that I do。Not only just with girls。

 but a new confidence in my and confidence that I can make something out of myself。

I'm definitely going to turn this whole experience into a positive。

And it has changed my life already， and I'm going to allow to continue to change my life。🎼So我。🎼你。

🎼Give me some that。🎼Next time on the season finale of the pick artists time to step it up a not。

 It all comes down to this son versus Matt in a race to see who can kiss the fastest down you。😊。

Dont let me down。You to get rid of some clothes Si sexualizes the encounter right away the time is ticking。

And at Myster's house party， the finalists compete to get one on one time with a perfect1' all leading up to this night。

🎼This window is clothing both men have come far， but only one will be called the pickup artist。我到。

Want more， watch extra scenes and episode commentary from me， Matador Anara at pickupartist。vh1。com。

🎼，🎼The house is full of perfect ten on the season finale of the pickup artist。

 it's all been leading up to this night good luck。I had worked so hard to get to this moment she's cute straight to his bedroom This is something I'm extremely excited about come on I'll give you a little if only she knew these are not the same guys that we started out with The pickup artist is two season finale。

You。🎼Sunday1 only the one。