# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第二季：把妹达人第二季 06(中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously， on the pickup artist， the guys were put on the auction block will be attending a woman's charity auction and one of you。

 my friends is going to be the Take home prizeze。I don't really see myself as a piece of meat and while some stories fell flat。

 I am even a board member on a theater。True。Others charmed their way into the women's hearts and pocketbook I left a boy。

And I came back of May start the bidding for Gr 25。Then。

 mystery taught his protegege about the hottest game in Pickham， the bikini model。Yeah。

Approaching the smoke and beauties sent most of the guys into a cold sweat。

 I'm literally freezing up。🎼マンション？G。And Brian's over the top neck。

 we have like the orangeest tan I have ever seen。Knockox him out of the competition you clowned up last night it's game over。

Tonight it's down to the final four and the competition is getting fierce we have only three guys left to beat in order to become the pick for how will the guys fare when they have to take their game into the light of day what's number don'。

F have been eliminated four remain whose game will end tonight。Until now。

 the world has been divided into two camps， the haves and the have nots。

A man named Mystery has discovered a way to bring these two worlds together。

 creating a whole new universe of possibilities。With the help of mystery and his friends。

 nine men will learn the secrets of attraction， transforming from social outcasts into desirable ladies men。

 but only one will become the pickup artist。🎼Theres one more guy coming through。 And that'll be it。

 That's it。 That's all she wrote。 Final four dude。 If Ryan does make it through。

 It's a testament I mean。 it is I would think everybody's underestimated him。

 Yeah I to make it to the final four。 wow， just from a strategic standpoint。

 I was hoping that Ryan came back in just because。Ryan is improving a lot and he actually poses more of a threat。

Yeah。You just get again。🎼Fromhow I kind of always knew it was going to come down to one point me or drawing。

 I can see the progress I've made。 The only thing stopping me has been。My hesitance to take risks。

It's coming down to the end and it's all or nothing。I might celebrate， but you know。

 there's another challenge coming up soon and yeah， but it's just like， you know what。

 who cares if I finish？8ightth or I finish second if I don't finish first it didn't matter you know the house without Brian now is definitely gonna be a completely different dynamic I feel like it's gonna be a lot more serious around here now that we're down to the final four it's definitely gonna be competitive at this point you know。

 we have you know， only three guys left to beat in order to come the pickup artists we're the fantastic forum right here Yeah out of several thousand guys who want to be here now the guys we're here we're the last four。

We get a call from mystery and he says that he wants us to meet him at a grocery store。

 so the first thing that actually came in my head was maybe it's a possibility of you know trying out digging。

Good morning gentlemen， morning， welcome to the sunflower Market。Up until this point。

 we've been teaching you how to meet and attract girls at target rich environments like clubs and bars now a true pickup artist can attract women virtually anywhere in more unassuming locales。

Although a lot of what we have already taught you can be applied。

 there are exclusive nuances and techniques that make day game a skill set in and of itself。

 you got to make these approaches as indirect as possible All right you don't want to come off in a threatening manner。

 this is not a nightclub。At nighttime you can get really close to a set you have to or they can't hear you right but in the daytime I don't want to open up a set this close。

 I'm a freaker out， it's quiet， this is a grocery story it's very quiet and be careful if you do decide to nag。

 do not neg harshly because in this environment it's not going to fly generally speaking your game will be what I consider watered down in a nightclub environment it has to be very fast paceaced here it's just more casual。

We have a surveillance room set up with a monitor for the hidden cameras that we have placed inside this grocery store。

🎼Today's reward challenge is to go into this grocery store， meet some beautiful women， approach them。

 attract them， and ultimately get their phone numbers。

 The student who does this most effectively will win the reward challenge。

 So we are just supposed to go on and basically use the same material but using the different style。

Okay， let's go finding out that our challenge was to approach women in the supermarket。

 I was actually more nervous going into this one than I have been for any field test or reward challenge we've had so far。

Coming up。The supermarket turns into a meat market？

Then the guys learn to work together tonight we're going to learn about being a wing man。And later。

 the most dramatic elimination yet this is the most difficult decision I've had to make there can only be one。

🎼Pick up apart。My big thing with game is I have tremendous approach anxiety I need to get off to a hot start and then I can use that momentum to kind of catapult me to victory in this reward challenge Matt Here's Matt smile hi everybody。

Now as a man eating a lunna bar won't hurt me right， okay， that's a loss guys。Oh okay， E。

 then I'll have two。Now this is more up my alley here they now at this very moment she's interested she was waiting for him to reengage。

And I you that was the moment he should have initiated the chat and started DhV。

We're watching a guide do grocery shopping。Okay， if there was height awareness set right here。

 you open it， there's no excuse what was wrong with that nothing I think he's freezing did he not see them。

 I doubt it。He's actually shopping。A line two a department line two。Oh my god。

 there's an eight set of asparagus right behind you you like asparagus come on man。うんふう。😊。

This approach anxiety seems to just。Paralyzed me， and I just started feeling like I was like the weirdo walking down the same produce aisle 400 times。

 How many times can you look at the same cucumber。It just felt like， a。

 this can't be over soon enough。🎼And Brian， I think he's going to be much more comfortable in this environment than in the typical nightclub that we've been pushing him into。

 I agree。🎼The pressure always good。I guess是 can you。You're trying to make me fat as that is。

 being really friendly and conversational？Oh was this moisturizer？Could I get your opinion？

What's the smell all right， he has just opened an adjacent two set。Pss your hands for second。

Are you guys going to play that game where you going that just no， no， no？🎼还是说。I just。

 I don' know somehow some about you reminding me of when I was doing theater as there was always that mirror game。

 so yeah okay wax on， she's accepting his keynote compliance。

Me and my dad play back you guys are fun You know， I'm doing a my buddies and I are having a little barbecue on Sunday Oh yeah if I can get your number I can give you a call。

Okay its and he's number closing he was calm cool and collected， he goes into that two set， works it。

 number exchange takes place， easy brzy。I'll call you guys later okay have a good one I'm a lot more comfortable in my day to day life when I don't feel like I have to be on what I do when I go out to the club so I was able to enjoy myself more。

Ultimately， number close。Come in come in。🎼Yeah。Okay， here's a set here。Iick Nick Jagger is sexy。

Mick Jagger is Nickick Jagger sexy let's see where this goes My brother's little daughter。

 she loves Nick Jagger she has this huge poster on her wall Look how's not looking at her looks like a crazy man talking to vegetables four foot by six foot poster he's taking the disinterest a little too too far。

So in a woman's opinion。Should I tell my brother like， hey， you know。

 this is not good for her or just be like，" hey， let her in。

Y lost the set it was I don't understand what he was attempting to do she wasn't sure he was talking her I think at one point she was like。

 is he talking to me or the vegetable？Aren't you glad you came here today。

 let's see if we can demonstrate higher value and get to know her enjoy every drop。Should I look at。

 she's giving him iOSs。Left and right。I am addicted to the chocolate cover fruit something to talk abouts your material we have filled his brain with material for demonstrating higher value he's just not touching any of it how he' like to come to a pool party Sunday two o'clock and he's going for the clothes before he's before she's deserved it there's going to be a lot of fun don't think。

She's like， well， you don't even know me。So what is it？

Oh now he's just like needy what is he doing with a pen and a post it I give him credit for having moxy It's clunky but it's you know it's hey。

 it's a nice me。The littlettle I working with why do that keyote？

Oh my what I proceeded to do is do the exact opposite of everything I've been told。

 I used a lot of knote， I had a really high energy and I didn't use any of the routines I was supposed to yet somehow I still got the girls number in then。

Sometimes even a sloppy pickup will get the job done。It doesn't make it impressive。Scr Greg。

 let's see how he does。It looks a little unsure。It looks very in its head right now。

Actually there's a girl making a present known， but let that open it open it。

 all natural no chemicalcles， snow fragrance and he's staring at her。Thank you very。

Hit by guys I'm trying to get together with a group of friends and we want to hit a place that's not really a bar。

 you know they're now into some minor chit chat banter about clubs nearby kind of an upper upper scale place with a little bit of the club vibe hated Wheres the material we taught them when we're into like the four peak brew。

I knew you're real。It cool。Goodbye。🎼而明是什么？I got to get out of here in just a second。

 but would you ever date a guy named Her he's using one of the openers finally good you know what I mean。

 really， really weird， really， really weird？🎼Good， re， re engage。 come back here。🎼。

Sa something material right then thing you only have that second before she's going to walk away this is the moment and don't chase her。

No， it seems like he's in his head and there was that moment where he could have reengaged and he didn't。

I first。I just completely bombed， I seemed like I forgot a lot of things that they told me。

So I just struggled through the whole thing。Well that looked fun， it was lighthearted， playful。

 all of you had demonstrated moxie， some of you more than others， Greg and Matt。

 you need to pull the trigger more I think you got arrested with fear again right Simeon。

 you got yourself a number right？A person who was just a little bit smoother。🎼Ban。

You are the winner of today's reward Challenge， thank you。It feels great to have won this week。

I feel a little bit like a fifth。And you will find out what you won later on。

 cool it'll give you an advantage and feel。All right， guys。

 I'll see you back at the house for your next lesson。

I have a tremendous amount to prove this week I had a terrible reward challenge with only four people left。

 it's make or break， and if I don't do it now， I'll be heading home。

I feel like in a lot of ways I'm dumbing myself down who's going to a club to talk about， you know。

 like the socialist policies of France， nobody is， but that's in my wheelhouse， you know hey guys。

 hey going what's going on guys？All right。The next component I'd like to teach you is to work with another person。

Tonight we're going to learn about being a wingman。

See until this point you've been studying to become pickup artists in your own right。

 but master PUAs they rely on their wingmen in the field This is like a really huge thing because most people are going be going out with at least a wing man or a wing woman and to be able to utilize that is completely essential in the pickup artist game The purpose of wing is two players synchronized in the same strategy let's just say there's a girl that he particularly likes that's in a set I'll go into the set and then DHB not only myself but most importantly him and then merge him into the set。

When I enter into the set， I will already have DHVs preloaded into the target's head。

 thanks to my wingman。The first concept is that the wing is the most important person to you。

 you always DHV them， you never talk bad about them。I will when I go off into a set。

 do an accomplishment introduction on behalf of my friend， we also call it an AI。

Accomplishment introduction is basically a gabit， a story of your wing's， real world DHV spikes。

 for example， if you met my friend mystery。Great guy， brilliant guy， wrote a book。

 and then I'm going to say hey mystery， I'd like you to meet so andse。

 It's basically a DHV story that you use for yourself， but for your wing。

🎼I started thinking about what my AI should be。 I was definitely thinking on what traits of myself that I enjoy。

 obviously my。Theatrical interests and of course， my bank account。So the first player goes in。

He locks in， he runs his DHV material， the wing will come by and asks something along lines of have you seen Scarlet。

 and there's two contingency answers to this yes means he wants you to stay， no means to leave。

Handling obstacles is a good thing for a wing man to do as well。

The obstacles are anybody else that could potentially get in a way that you must deal with in this week's field test。

 we're going to see you and your wingman。In action。

You will be asked to demonstrate accomplishment intros to bef obstacles， to isolate your target。

 and once isolated， your objective is toquino escalate and make out。With your target。

And now let's find out who the Wingman partners will be for the field test and that's why I turn to you。

 Ryan。Your reward challenge has won you， your choice in Wingman。

I want you to think hard about that decision because the team that wins will both be safe from elimination。

Mystery put me on the spot， I tried to think about who would be most compatible with my style I'm going to go with Greg。

The fact that Greg and I have similar interests should be very useful in the field Fairair enough。

 that leaves Matt with Simeon That's right， Ro。Paired up。When Ryan selected Greg as his wingman。

 I was actually very happy， I felt Matt and I would probably make the best wingmen and Ryan and Greg would actually be the weakest pair why Ryan chose Greg kind of perplexed me。

 you only have a little while to work together so I want you to practice in your teams， Greg。

 Ryan you're with me， Matt and Simeon， you're with Mattador All right， let's start practicing。🎼自分です。

Ands hey， have you seen scarcarlet， Yeah， you know， last time I saw she was。

 I think over there exactly。I think me and Matt are working very well together though we still have some kinks I think we're gonna to be able to work through them and achieve the objective tonight Let me introduce you my friends。

 they're cool not weird All right let's say you're my wing and you're one of the people within a group I feel pretty confident about my decision in picking Greg to be my wing Our styles definitely flow towards what I think needs to be represented out in the field so when you come in。

DHV your buddy， don't DLV， I really have to step up my game tonight and if I don't then I'll probably go home。

make some bets tonight。Put some money on who's going to win。

Simimeon and I work great together we're like Mel Brooks and Carl Reiner。

 he's the crazy guy and I'm the straight man that delivers the punchline。

 so I really think we'll feed well off of each other and I think it was a perfect match。Together。

 I think we have huge potential， especially to beat the other two， not that they're bad。

 but I don't think they have shot。🎼You good pumps。 Yeah， give me some debt。What movie's this from。

 nobody puts baby in a corner， dirty dancing， right？I like it。

To be a smooth wingman requires intuition and the ability to predict your friend's moves。

 good wingmanship requires you to trust the skills of another。

A bad partner in crime will compromise your success。

A good one will increase your chances dramatically。The question is。

 can these fledgling pickup artists trust their wings？Trust。

That's what tonight's field test is all about trust in us that we've given you the proper tools to succeed in tonight's field test。

 trust in your fellow wing to be by your side。 The goal of tonight's field test is to achieve physical contact with your target。

Use the techniques that we've taught you with your wingman to isolate her。

 and then you shaquino escalate towards kissing。Mystery expects not only a kiss clothes。

 but a makeout I've never met a girl in within a couple minutes。

Have started to kiss her and that makes my palms we a little bit to think about even trying it Each team has been assigned a seating area at the back of the club remember we need to see everyone accomplishing the goal once you've obtained your objective be sure to give your teammate a chance as well。

The winner of this field test and his wingman will receive immunity at the next elimination。

I look forward to seeing what you've learned in action。Good luck with double immunity at stake。

 I definitely think that the pressure is now on。Congratulations to our pick artist。Gentlemen。

Good luck I'll see you when there drawing this tonight's field test， I feel that。

Breg and I could take it all。Ryan and I do have a game plan。

 he will initiate the opener and then I'll come in and hopefully kiss close。

 So Ryan came in first I guess Greg will come in in a few minutes guys have a good night。

How had a good night。What's your name。Christina， nice to meet you Ryan and Ryan has opened a single。

 his body language looks great。Fe free to join us。Oh friend of yours？It'sKelvin nice speech。

Here comes Greg， the wing man to come into the preset。I was looking for my buddies。🎼可以。

I I think she's over there somewhere so he basically just covered him said the set's not ready yet for him to enter' told I'm kind of jo how much traveling he's done throwing an accomplishment。

For a year。3 years。Does she always rag like this？I like that hey。

 you got to meet these girls they're been pretty， not cute weird， Christina， What's your name Greg？

🎼Great。🎼And formal introductions are being made I'd like to see this progress now。

Take my arm thank you they're going to the table boom pros Greg has just isolated his target from the group。

Look at that there Greg is sitting down with a pretty girl。

And the others join Ryan's going to have to keep both of these girls occupied。

 let's see if we can pull it off。Even though there's three girls。

 the two wings can take turns engaging the third girl so notice you have a tongue piercing let me see it。

🎼大王点。Greg really should introduce her to his touch right now。

 especially in this comfort building environment which escalated slowly。P me， let me see something。

It's one of my favorite theater games， the mirror。Good keynno escalation， Ryan。Here game。OhOh。

 a jealousy plotline。Oh now he's in the center， her jealousy spikes just went through the roof。

can can I want to see Ryan pull the trigger he's so loving this moment he does not want to do anything to mess it up he's not taking risks she's touch your face man come on you want to know what he's actually being so unreactive to it it's just driving her crazy your。

This is a tru edge， I just imagine so I to see if I can trust you now look in my eyes。

You' right look at my lips。Looks like she's doing the compliance test， she's complying don me。

On a scale of one to 10， how good of a kisser are you？There's a pool。Well。

 I guess you need to kiss somebody。It's awesome。这。はい。Notice when Greg actually went for the kiss。

 he got the kiss， he then released it and how they're kissing again。

I think I kind of like the idea of the soft and sensuousness of it all。

I can tell you this Greg is not currently helping Ryan get any of his girls wonder which of you as a better kiss he's initiating a kiss gambit。

U that would be last week really。再。It's been too long。When they change that point。

F this went for a little。Little brother kiss， would you like something more than a brother kiss there。

 right？I am you had to like flying in the girls if there was ever a time to indulge in your fantasy of kissing two girls。

 and that would be the time it's right in front of you。🎼还没有。🎼因是。For the love of god。

 he is so scared in his head right now。Oh， hey， how you doing？2。I got to go。

 it's been nice meeting you。Oh my god we've been talking about taking risks。

 why did you get in there I did kiss clothes， maybe not completely and making out。

 but given that I had two girls on my hands to try to juggle， I think I did pretty well。Yeah。

Here comes Matt and simeon they've got a lot to live up to they really have to catch up fiercece competition brothers the game plan right now is he'll be the target man out of the gate I'll be the Hey girls Siimeon opening over the shoulder What movie is this from？

Nobody puts baby in a corner。Slow down smeon， not so high energy。What's up chi in？

Let some girls don't worry they're not weird or anything this is my bestdy I't which ones the cool cant recognize guys they're great they' great you know what nothing can ruin this day me and our friends we just completed aer and we are celebrating like it's the end of Oceans 11 I get this so we just got thisdy back for Iraq right I love how Matt just took over the set he got off the one routine and on to the next。

Can you have the hat？You know what， you're going to have to finish your cigarette first before you wear this low baby。

You guys got to take this somewhere come on ladies， and the move is now being initiated。

And holdinging taking place， leading the woman through the club and that looks great。

I think I can trust you。We'll see if we'll see if we can keep that up now she has Siimmeon's hat and look at them and he leans back Siimmeon going right into Kino hes not wasting any time I'm managing the four seasons of Chicago This was about three years ago。

Mr。 T is staying with us。Yes， get this so Matt is doing so much better than he did in the last field challenge。

 but he's still hesitating he needs to start escalatingquino and needs to start pulling the trigger right now he's stuck in safe corporate guy mode。

But I'm on my shoulder， okay。I love that he's maintaining eye contact because that's going to make her feel even a little bit like wait a minute okay now after he's done with this。

 I'd like him to tell the girl to get off of him gently I think this is the moment for the kiss Are you an impsive person？

I can be I am here。よ。やた。Two key wayss isolate two girls both girls want to see if their friend is having a good time so simeon's success should give mat's girl the green light right now' what we call setting precedents we might move on know where the night takes us right you think so。

Matt， it's time to face shift into some romantic exchange。But the on。So this guy。

 one of my best buddies to know each other。He's honestly the best guy I know like he's the most loyal guy he's so ambitious loyal guy smeon is trying to help his friend for sure Sion is exercising good wingmanship right now he's trying to help his friend he's already experienced success now he's focusing on that was good to go in but it's time to get out assist Matt and now he's out again。

I thought you were the bad girl and you're the good girl。

 I can see now you're actually the bad girl I'm going to play I'll keep the bad girl。じ。

He's kind of freak ridiculous I'll give you a call， okay， all right？

For the first time since I've been here， I didn't have any approaching at Ze。

 knowing that I had somebody with me made all the difference in the world。

Regardless of our would ghost tonight was was fantastic was awesome everything that we've been waiting for it was kind of like a night where everything clicked you felt like wow。

 I was a pickup it really all right it's official weve built four。Really。

 really impressive take rooms。B though。I'm just so so proud of each and every one of you good job we saw you with beautiful women that you chose and they chose you back it was really a pleasure to watch they grew up so quickly don't they grow up so quickly pal hey you guys rocked and field all of you。

Mat and Siimon was really fun to watch you guys work you were very compliment for each other and that was really great to see and you each kissed your girl。

All right， Greg and Ryan， you also did a great job Greg。

 you closed big time you pulled the trigger Ryan， you were sitting with two beautiful girls who were fighting for you if there was any man here who could have had a threeway make it was you。

Greg， you could have helped him that was not good teamwork。So for that reason。

Matt and Siimon are the winners of this field test。Good teamwork Well done， sir。

 good teamwork good teamwork guys。Greg and Ryan。You are now both on the chopping block。

When Ryan and I walked out of the club， we were on cloud9。

 so in mystery we announced that we hadn't won。It just knocked the wind out of my and I was really disappointed。

 I'll see you tomorrow night at the elimination。Good night。 good night。

Even though I didn't win the field test， I know I did well， I did damn well。

 given that the field test was a wingman challenge。

 My said that it was the responsibility of wings to look out for each other and Greg kind of dropped the ball。

Ryan just deserves all the credit for the success that we have。

 one of us is going to go home even though we did so well and I feel like it's my fault。

So this will be a pretty sleepless night for me。Knowing that I might go home。

You scared about going home tonight？No I feel good I mean regardless what happens。

 I think I'll be all right so you think the question mystery is asking as he's trying to make his decision is what's worse the fact that Greg didn't help his wing or the fact that Ryan didn't pull the trigger I pulled the trigger at least it certain't agree I did kiss the girl。

It was a bit of a challenge to juggle the two girls。 I did very well， I think。Greg did as well。

 but I have a feeling that mystery is going to ding him for not coming to my rescue。

I think it's a 50-50 proposition who might be going on this evening because in one way。

 Ryan even though he didn't get the help from Greg， he still could have tried， however， Greg。

 he had already met his objective， there's no reason he shouldn't have come in to try to help and it really is up to mystery what he thinks is the more unforgivable sin。

At this point， I really want to win this competition and strategically Greg。

 I think poses more of a threat than Ryan does， so therefore I would like to actually see Greg go home that。

Good evening。As you can see。There are three medallions， and there are four of you。

We're in the final stretch here， the medallions on this table symbolize levels of achievement。

Tonight we're going to present the Blue Madine this symbol is De Gas and it stands for Transform and clarityity。

Last night。Was fun I had a blast watching you and I'm sure that the girls had a blast hanging out with you。

You went in there and you picked the girls that you wanted to meet that you wanted to get to know and they were your first set and they were your last set。

After having so much fun watching you。It's really unfortunate。

That one of you will not be continuing on this journey with the rest of us。All right。

 Simeon and Matt。Last night we watched you become a team。You two embodied the term wingman。

How'd the night feel for you？It was kind of a light bulb moment that。

It's all about this and if I can have that current emotional state， these results happen。Simon。

 what about you？I could point to last night as a life changing moment for me。

You're both successful in achieving the objective of the field test。And because of that。

 you will both receive a medallion tonight。Go ahead and take him guys， he definitely earned them。

Why don't you to go celebrate your part of the final three thank you all right congratulations congratulations guys good luck。

There's only one medallion left。And there are two of you。One of you will be going home tonight。

Now Ryan， the two set that you were talking to they were giving you major iOs so you were in a prime position to do something about it why didn't you pull the trigger I think I did howso I don't even kiss my family so for me to kiss a complete stranger even if it was a closed mouth kiss on the lips was a big step so by my definition I pulled the trigger。

Graig， you were so into making out with your target you completely forgot about your wingman。

Trapped in a two set。Did you even notice that？I did， but I knew who his initial target was。

 and then I saw himkinino escalating with another girl。

 so I thought that maybe the target had changed。I saw you leave him。Hanging there。Byan。

 as a pickup artist， if you don't kiss the girl when she wants to kiss。

 she starts feeling discomfort， you made two girls feel very uncomfortable。Were you afraid。

 I sense you were afraid， are you scared？I don't know there was fear as so much as confusion I ended up in a situation where I had two00 fighting over me and I couldn't figure out what to do Ryan couldn't have been as simple as he got to a certain point a certain comfort zone and you didn't want to screw things up and you wanted to stay there。

And in my honest opinion， I think you have some backwards rationalizations to justify your actions。

That you don't kiss that's what we do， man， so at the bottom of the night， that's not a valid excuse。

All right， let's get down to business。There are two of you。

And I only have one medallion left to award tonight。

One of you is not destined to continue on with us。All right， let's get down to business。

There are two of you。And I only have one medallion left to award tonight one of you is not destined to continue on with us。

Rightyan。Why do you think you deserve to be here？I think I've come a long way since I first got here。

 I've done things that I have never done before。 I know that there's more here that I can learn。

 I'm doing my best。To try to bust out of the shell that I've had for so long。

And I'll try not to let you down。Craig， why do you deserve to be here？

I came here a completely different person， I feel like I've grown 1，000%。

And I feel like I have the potential to grow another million percent。 Ryan has huge potential。

To be a great pick artist as well， but I think I can reach my potential faster。

Look at it from my perspective， both your statements are very compelling。

Their inspirational statements， I understand where you're coming from because I'm here with you。

This is the most difficult decision I've had to make。There can only be one pickup artist。🎼结去。Break。

Please take the final medallion。🎼看点。No regrets， man。Thank you。🎼Yeah。Brian。It's game of them。

My heart is breaking a moon inside。Knowing that I have to go home now。When I came here。

 I was a naive and inexperienced boy， now as I leave， I feel I'm finally entering manhood。

I know without a doubt that I finally turned the page and started a new chapter in my life。

I'll remember the successes that I've had here。The memory of dancing with three beautiful women and being able to finally kiss。

Legitimately kiss。A woman on the lips。will treasure。🎼着。

The experiences and the lessons and the friends that I've earned， I just wish it was a little longer。

🎼So完。🎼为。Next time on the pickup artist。🎼The guys are put to the test when some friends from home visit a pick artist can' call himself a master until he's able to teach someone else。

 But can the student become the teachers you failed to inspire him to see that this is， in fact。

 life changing and the final two are revealed。😊，It's game over。

