# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 08（中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

On the season finale of the pickup artist。have the right stuff I a heck of a lot more confident after I picked up an exotic dancer I'm ready for whatever man I'm just like bring it on if I could select both of you I would I don't lose man I win That's what I do bro I want to win it really bad It's something I must do。

I've made my final decision。The pickup artist season finale， tomorrow at nine， only off theH1。

8ight average Joe's， each unable to unravel the secrets to landing the perfect lady dude。

 I have never bought a grill and drink at a bar ever。

That is until they met the world's most successful pickup artist。Mystery。

🎼This is a lot more than just learning how to pick up a woman。

 It's about learning how to build a light and now mystery will dive even deeper into the game and all of his never before seen secrets will be revealed。

 but that's an example of what I think is great body language to a woman who deserves that it is fun。

 isn't it。😊，Plus， the master himself will answer your questions in our mystery mail De mystery does penis size matter so sharp your pencil and dust off your track keeper School in session This is the pickup artist tricks of the trade You guys are going love this。

Grab yourselves a seat， Make yourselves comfortable Hol along here is fine。

 I want you to understand that meeting a woman， that's a timeline That timeline is on average seven hours。

It takes approximately three seconds to go from here into that set， the less time you take。

 the less approach anxiety you will get。You're in front of the pool， there's the pool。

 it's freezing cold， jump in， just go in， jump， you won't get locked up。

 You are evolutionarily designed to have approaching society。 You need permission to have it。

 I hereby give you permission the best pickup artists in the world。Have approach anxiety。

 they just know how to handle it。By adhering to the three second rule。

 there's one emotional state that you can get into that will help you dramatically。Be talk。

The talkative state is actually a state， I'm in it right now because I'm in the groupoove。

🎼That is what we need to get ourselves into。 That is our tool where we can allow our emotional circuitry to work to our advantage。

 If you're talkative， you're conveying your personality and the game is being played。

 If you're not talking， you're emotionally getting locked up and you can get paralyzed。

 There's a new thought。 the false time constraint。 when I open If I can add in a time constraint。

 I can say to the girl， I can only stay a second， I've got my friends here。 When you say it。

 say it slowly， there are verbal， false time constraints and nonverbals。 In other words。

 I can entertain somebody。 and communicate to them。 without saying word。

 So we must within the first three seconds， systematically demonstrate our initial emotional state。

 And what is the best emotional state to convey。😊，Non threatening。🎼That's all non threatening。

 Have a smile on your face。 Could I see your smiles， Great smile， Great smile， It's fake。

 isnn't it right now， Feel fake， Kia， But guess what。

 Try to be in a bad mood when you fake a real big ass smile。😊，Now when you go into a set。

🎼That first half second， they'll see that smile。 Now。

 you don't have to keep it there because if you keep it。 Oh， really， come more。

 now they can't trust your emotions。 You're hiding something。

 Now you can get rid of the smile right now。😊，You don't feel any discomfort with how close he is to you do。

I'd like you to walk right up to Joe without touching。

 I'd like you to just remember what your body physiologically responds with。

 would you mind doing that for me now？You can get even closer。

How does that feel I want to go closer and I want to。you feel something， okay， now step back， okay。

What happens is we have a physiological response。Our stomach tenses， blood rushes to the head。

 we get a slight adrenaline release。 It's a real and comfortable feeling to be that close。

 I want to get that close to a girl。 I just don't want her to feel that。

So when you first initiate the chat with someone。Even this close maybe be too close with people if you're shoulder and shoulder like you came in shoulder and shoulder。

 right now the craziest thing is if you walk into his space， right？

He'll feel weirder than you will because you did the moving in， so if I pull a girl in towards me。

 she'll feel less。🎼Weirdness， then if I went into her in the first minute， especially。

 we don't want that feeling to take place。 I'd like you to walk up。Okay， and now step back。

 what did you feel？🎼Tre， threatened。 right， That's the last thing I want a woman to feel。

 That's the last thing I want anyone in the group to feel。

 Now that he's that distance You kind of went away again。 adrenaline sortvic All goes way。

 But here's the where to stay。 Look how close I am。Oh because I'm over the shoulder。

 I don't trigger the hardwired robotic response， but if I go like this。

 it hits That's funny isnsn't that interesting right？Dear mystery。

 what's the best pickup line to use on the ladies， I'm rusty and definitely need some help。

 thanks Marble mouth。There are no best pickup lines， there are good openers。

An opener is a simple story or statement that one can make to initiate the chat without telegraphing interest。

 it's what we call an indirect opener and we don't want to directly indicate our interest on a woman who has not yet deserved it and her beauty is not deserving。

There are no pickup lines。At least not in this game。

Dear mystery is offering a drink to a woman a good way to start a conversation The answer is no there are women out there that collect drinks from guys all night long they want to see how drink can they get for free Oh thank you Now Bov。

🎼Has it ever happened to you， Why in the world would a man of high value who has options among women choose to give away his value。

 whatever it is to someone he doesn't even know She hasn't earned it。

 Perhaps when you first meet a girl， you've already given enough interest just by the approach alone。

Right。That's enough， now it's time to demonstrate higher value。

 getting her a drink is to give her the value without her earning it。

What I like to do is get a girl to buy me the first drink。

 why don't you take care of the first round and I'll take care of the second that's how we do with my friends。

Coming up classes back in session as mystery give the boys a crash course and proper body language That's an example of what I think is great body language to a woman who deserves that Is it as fun And later。

 the master himself answers more of your mystery mail You can sayshh you talk a lot Would you like to kiss me？

If she says no， you respond， I didn't say you could。

 It's all right here on the pickup artist tricks of the train。

I'd like to move forward now to discuss microcalibration the way a man and a woman exchange information is not just。

Based on verbal exchange， there's also a subcommunication happening between the two nonverbally through body language What can I do in order for her to feel she has either done something right and will be rewarded with it without my saying a word or she has done something wrong and she should be briefly penalized Okay。

 that's not to get angry at her or say anything even but that's why a rolloff is absolutely acceptable women do it to men all the time Now your body language is going to be that of a high valued male。

 you're going to be non-reactive the person who moves more。

Is more reactive and therefore has lower value， you can still be playful， you can still have energy。

 right？Equal or a little bit greater and then you're going to when you go sit down。

 you're going to want to forcefully slow down Look at JoeW's body postureur。

Right beside for deep here。He said he did this last night， that was by choice， you feel that？I mean。

 that is an example of。but that's an example of what I think is great body language to a woman who deserves that。

 or perhaps has not yet earned your interest by being all into her instead you can lean back。

And you can talk from here and that's very subtle， you feel a pull away， you know。

 I feel that he's less engaged。And I'm going to want to chase that。And if that happen back。

 then I can reward for good behavior。Right？It it's fun， it's fun， it's a new level it's a new level。

Of game。Dear mystery。How am I supposed to know when it is okay to go in for the kiss。

 careless in Seattle？Well， ultimately， you don't。You don't know， but you can have guesstimates。

One way is to seek indicators of interest from her first。

 don't expect to kiss a girl unless she is already comfortable with holding your hands or linking arms。

 I think that's a real good one。Imagine there you are， arms are linked and you go in。

And you smell her neck and you say， you smell so familiar。Or you smell so good。

 I'm trying so hard not to kiss you。 All right， get off。Instead of just escalating， escalating。

 escalating， now you can go into any other conversation。

And if she feels the desire to touch you again。Or you take your hand， put it back onto your arm。

 linking arms again， and you let go over hand and it stays。Well， what is that really saying？

That's saying that you've stated your intent and she's willing to accept that so then you can go in。

There are a series of kiss gambits。One of my favorites。

IsMystery's Kis Hambit This is something that can be used in such a way that it protects you from ever getting rejected。

While she's speaking， you can say，shh， you talk a lot， would you like to kiss me？If she says no。

 you respond， I didn't say you could。Just looked like you had something on your mind。

Or was I oh yeah， before I was rudely interrupted， and then you move forward and you can try it again a few minutes later。

 but what if she says yes？Let me say here。What if she says， maybe you say， we'll find out。Com here。

What if she says I don't know？"，You'll say， let's find out。The，What if she says？Not here。

 you simply respond。🎼I understand。 Then， of course， you can grab it by the hand a few minutes later。

 Take round the corner。🎼And make out with her in privacy。 Dear mystery。

 Should I wait until the girl is alone before I approach her， It's a good question。

 And the answer is definitely not women of。Beauty are very rarely found alone。If you haven't noticed。

 you've gone out to public gatherings and I'm sure you've recognized that women are usually found in groups of people。

 oftentimes there will be men in those groups。Now I've seen situations where a guy would actually hold back from going into the target set or group。

Thinking， well， maybe when she leaves， I can initiate the chat with her， right？

The problem with that is when she gets up to go to the washroom， for instance。

He's chasing a moving target。There's an opportunity her friends are there What I'd prefer to do is while one guy is chasing the girl as she runs off to the washroom is going into the set。

 into the group of people initiating the chat with them， befriending them。

 ultimately sitting with them so that when she returns。

 you could be introduced to her by her very friends。It'sP peerear approval。

I think that's the best way to go。Dear mystery， is there anywhere you would recommend to meet women besides clubs？

🎼Yeah， the world， women exist everywhere。 You can go to any public gathering。

 but you want to go to a public gathering， right， I'd prefer to go to a party and be introduced to。

A woman through friends， but if that isn't the case， if you can't have that happen， for instance。

 you're new to a new city。🎼Then you're off on your own。

 you're going to have to meet women wherever you can find women personally。

 the reason why I like nightclubs and the reason why I do boot camps and nightclubs is because there are a lot of opportunities to interact with women in a very short amount of time。

 See in the day。These sets are going to be very distant， far and few in between， right？

I'd rather meet a lot of women and have lots of options and then single out the one particular woman I'd like to hang out with more。

🎼Do it that way。 And that way， I have the options。 I want to be the man with options。

 I don't want to just say yes to the first girl that I。Get to speak with in the day De mystery。

My friend always asks me to be his wingman， what is he expecting from it？

While he's expecting to help get him late， that's what he's doing。Purpose of my friends。

 aside from enjoying their company in and of。Itself is to assist me in attracting a woman if we go to a public gathering。

 wouldn it be nice for your wing to open the set for you？And then in all fairness。

 you can do the same for him， what if while he's in that set he were to do an accomplishment introduction。

 he could big you up basically and in fairness you can do the same for him in another set。Coming up。

 the one，2， threes of getting her digits So she writes down her phone number when while you presume so。

 and if she writes something else down， you'll say， well， you're not very creative are you here。

 let's do this one last time hint， dash， dash， dash dash， dash dash。Plus more mystery male。

 which do women prefer big brains or big muscles， do I care？Do I even think in these terms？

🎼This is the pick artist tricks of the trade。Now， when you're with the girl that you've just met at any public gathering。

 it could be。Hard to truly build enough comfort and when this happens you need to make your move let's talk about the actual getting of the phone number because there you are you're in field and now you're thinking to yourself。

 okay， I'm now phase shifting I'm going from my C1 comfort building I'm now moving forward。

Into my timebri， I need to exchange numbers here， but rather than， hey， take my card。

 card's not enough， don't give up card， pick up artists， don't give out cards。

Give her a pad of paper and a pencil and say to her are you creative。

 show me how creative you are now keep in mind I have to leave So she writes down her phone number Well you presume so and if she writes something else down。

 you'll say well， you're not very creative are you here， let's do this one last time hint， dash dash。

 dash， dash， dash dash dash。I'm leaving now， perhaps you could write something creative。The周 morning。

Dear mystery， I've been told that guys who play the online personal can meet tons of women。

 Do you see any drawbacks thanks programming Pete well， Pete。

Online personal that falls into a particular type of game now I personally love the cold approach pickup。

Because you can go into a public gathering， you can see。

Everything that you need to see right away and it won't take you two weeks to figure things out。

🎼Pictures can be fake。You can be disappointed and waste lots of time in interacting with somebody getting to know them only to finally see them and physically be unattracted。

 Sometimes the chemistry just isn't right。 it takes too long to get online and find a girl that way and the truth is once you meet them in person。

 you're starting from scratch anyway I'd stay away from it。

Which do women prefer big brains or big muscles I'm pretty good at keeping up my end of the conversation。

 but I'm not much to write home about in the looks department， I remain， but fuly。I've been trapped。

In this body， I'm six foot5， I'm slender。And what you can't fix your feature。

 so I wear oftentimes skinny stuff， women I've discovered do not respond to a man's looks as much as they respond to a man's social status。

And any indicators that link to his social status， so if he speaks well。

 then that's going to be an indicator of that you do the best you can and accept the reality that has been presented。

 this is who you are。Dress nice， cut your hair， be well groomed， which do women prefer。

 big brains and big muscles， do I care？Do I even think in these terms。

 you got to get out of your head and get into the game？Coming up。

 more chalk talk as mystery schools his pupils on scoring， hired guns。

 then she's turning and they start laughing and then I say， all right， all right， hands off。

 hands up。Did she see it？Perfect and the long and short of mystery Ma。

 De mystery does penis size matter， thanks small penis Gu。

It's all happening here on the pickup artist tricks of the trade。

Have you guys ever developed a crush on your favorite waitress at a restaurant because these working beauties are what we like to refer to as hired guns。

 women who are hired for their beauty so here are some tips and tricks and tactics and cognitive tools。

For picking up a hired gun， if she's working， you should be doing something。

 either you are the observed or the observing and we all want to be the observed and that's where flash game comes into play。

Now the term flash game actually comes from。People who take a photograph of you and then others turn to see what's going on now if you are just there going。

Then you're actually going to lower your social value for the rest of the room because you're flashing negative value。

 but instead， imagine if you had women with you。And you were smiling and laughing and you were taking pictures and you were saying。

 all right， hands off， hands off women， women， please。

 that sort of behavior within that flash moment。will show preapproval and pre selectionction from women to all the other women in room。

 and that bartender needs to know that you are pre-selected， right。

 make sure you have specific routines and you know jokes and have a good sense of humor。

 systematically demonstrated with the material that you have accrued over however many know months you've been in the game and over the shoulder you begin in A3。

So what do you got going for your mother your looks？And that's how you initiate the chat。

With a bartender， a hostess and a waitress， it's game is game。

 but you want to systematically demonstrate。Those DHV spikes。

 as opposed to say them because we have no time to say them。

 but you can get the spike to her or flash her。From a distance。If I'm speaking with girls。

 I'm looking over the shoulders， she's working， okay， I'm telling a couple humorous anecdotes。

 getting response from these girls and as they're about to laugh I'm looking， not yet okay。

 I'll just add a little timing here to it and she's turning and they start laughing and then I say all right。

 all right， hands off， hands off did she see it？Perfect。Dear mystery， does penis size matter， thanks。

 small penis guide。Yeah， it matters。On the season finale of the pickup artist。

 both of you have the right stuff I a heck of a lot more confident after I picked up an exotic dancer I'm ready for whatever man I'm just like bring it on if I could select both of you I would I don't lose man I win it's what I do bro I want to win it really bad it's something I must do。

I've made my final decision。The pickup artist season finale tomorrow at nine， only up the H1。

