# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 06（中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously on the pickup artist， the students were given a revealing lesson on self confidence。

I knew I had to make a splash。🎼Well some guys played because you lucky bastard others cl and stuff。

You took her away。At elimination。It was game over for Joe W。

Tonight I got you guys a special little treat the education moves to the bedroom down boy。Don't move。

Boundaries are broken。I want pretty deep gone。Following the lesson。

 we're going to teach you how to go from the attraction stage to the seduction stage the students return to the clubs with a whole new objective I want to see you take the girl that you've attracted and bounce with her across the street。

4 remain。Whose game will end tonight？🎼I'm the 40 year old merchant who never had a girlfriend women become gay。

8 men。🎼The zero game。🎼Have turned to the one man who can change them。

 This is about building on life from lovable losers to irresistible ladies man wholl become the next pick artist。

😊，嗯。After the elimination ceremony， I was surprised to see Brady because I thought that。Police str。

I was angry that Joe left。And they took Joe W out， Joe， it's game over。Poly。

We all thought that he was going to be the number one Joe W was one of everybody's favorite。

 everybody liked Joe W and nobody wanted to see him go， they told him that he plateaued。

I mean what do you mean they said he didn't have enough progress。I feel so helpless that Joe left。

 I thought it was going to be me and Joe toe to toe at the end。

 I thought it was going to be me and him I just didn't want to see anybody go home you know？

I want to see every one of us walk through there。Bottom line is Joe's gone。

There's nothing I can do to bring him back from now on， we have to do。

All we can to give it 110% because if we don't， and if we only give it 90%。

We're slapping Joe in the face， you know what I mean， like we have to try our hardest。And then some。

I came here as a guy that lived in my parents' basement with no door now that I'm here and I have the tools and the competence to better myself。

 I'm not just going to break through those walls that I made。

 I'm freaking shatter them and I'm going to go forward and there's no one that can stop me。

I'm winning this， I am going to be the master pickup artist。Hey guys， hey。

 I know that yesterday was somewhat tough for all of us， but I got you guys a special little treat。

You knowWe've gotten to a point where we've talked about kissing and attraction。

 the only other logical step is starting to talk about foreplay and seduction。Yeah， you know。

 all the good times to be had with a woman， the road to a successful pickup。

Ultimately leads to the bedroom。You could be masterful in the pickup。

 but if you act like a fish out of water when it's time to get intimate， you may lose your girl。

Today。Our good friends， Tara and Leah。Are going to host a little party for you。A lingerie party。

The girls are going to be giving you some valuable information。I have no experience with Hore。

 I barely know like bras I just， I don't even know what the 34 means in 34 seats I imagine you'll be distracted。

But please pay attention。Ladies？🎼8娃。The two girls come walking out and the first thing I do is like。

Down， boy。Don't move， don't move。Okay。I'm good。These gentlemen are all yours。Heえ。On to the fun stove。

Boys， this is a corset。It ties back here。It really accentuates the waistline。Do you see that。🎼你。

I think it's important for men to know at least a little bit about lingerie。

I think it's also an exercise in you have this beautiful woman in front of you and she is wearing next to nothing and you better hold it together。

You make me a really horny baby。I' ask you one of every man's fantasies。I'm noy。Naughty girl。

I've been bad if you want to span me。They were throwing curveballs， you know。

 she was like bending over and like really doing it。so this is a tddy。

 I do prefer thongs to boy shorts， but if I am going to wear boy shorts。

 I really like these little lac ones because they're really cute delicate I don't think I'd ever want to see a boy end of。

Since you've been enjoying yourselves， thank you， ladies。

I hope you've been paying attention to these ladies because here is your challenge。

 you are each going to buy Tara and Lea lingergerie。Yeah。Brady and Joe。

 you guys will be selecting a gift for Lea， Bri deep in Cosmo， you'll be shopping for Tara。

I hope you weren't just looking。I hope you were also listening。

Because they just told you what they like When I heard that the challenger had to go buy lingerie for the girls。

 I was extremely nervous。I don't feel like I did a very good job in listening I do prefer thongs to boy shorts boys。

A woman likes a man who listens， guys。I felt very comfortable in that situation。

 know being able to look at them and， you know， in their eyes and listen to what they had to say This is my favorite。

 I love this one。Whoever makes the most favorable impression with their gifts？Wins。Ultimately。

 the ladies will choose the winner。The reward Challenge winner will receive Matador as their wing。

And the upcoming field test。O have Matador by your side there' a wing I was so pumped。

 I wanted to win it happy shopping Matador as a wingman in field。

 that's probably the best reward we've ever got。That's going to be a huge advantage。Coming up。

 the students explore the unknown your brother down。🎼The slap heard round the house。

like that I'm going punch your mouth and the most outrageous moment yet I don't know what the that was I just crack on just said I blew it out。

What can you do？🎼Oh。た家。Hey， what's up you doing chilling like a villain？

Today's challenge was to focus on paying attention to a woman and her needs。

 me and Brady have to go shopping for Leah， Cosmo and Pur deep we were shopping for Tara and I wanted to get her like boy pants and something yeah something underneath but she said is she didn't like wearing like a song I do prefer thong to boy shorts？

Something to go underneath the boyhor or just the boy No， no。

 because if there's just a boy short and you can see the private part right， you can see like the。

🎼Thing okay， okay， all right， all right， So just like normal， I don't know。 hi， hi Cosmo， right。

 Elizabeth。😊，Interesting。In terms of what Tara liked。

 I tried to make a small departure from what I saw because maybe she'd like the creativity Do you have anything like caps？

Red caps， thesand ahead。We don't have any Santa hs no。It black。Or， or。No hot pink。

 it may not be for everybody， I personally absolutely adore it。s go I really thought okay。

 focus on what she wanted because I mean that's probably what's going to win you to challenge the easiest I see a lot of see through stuff I don't think that's necessarily appropriate。

These are。34 bees or you could out more like that What is this？喝这个。是不。哦，O。🎼This is a bra。

 It looks like the bikin。 Okay， come on Cosmo focuscus。 All right。

 the overall experience of shopping was embarrassing for me。😊，hYour brows up play down。

It's a 34 34 C okay for the tops and then the bottom。

 I'm really into fashion used to work in retail and so I had an idea of what I kind of wanted because it's a little naughty and a little nice that she。

病。A lot naughtty and I know that layer is feisty， I guess you could say， so I wanted something edgy。

 but at the same time I wanted something smooth and you know， seductive。🎼Oh， cool。

That's exactly what I was kind of looking for， that perfect ya。🎼爱的天官， you拜e。I hope I make Tara happy。

 you know， that was my goal。 I really want to put a smile on her face， you know？Howdy。

Christmas from the fantastic for these two are yours and these two are yours。

So we dropped off our gifts for the ladies and kind of hung out and waited for them to try everything on and talk and see which things they liked which they didn't。

That is hot。 I told him I like the phones。 I just don't know if it's going to fit that well。

 Is this your size。咩事啊。Small。Well。It's kind of like 80s I'm wearing a tdy， you know？

It talk about easy access but it doesn't get any easier than that I love pink and look at the size Let's see 34 C。

Somebody was paying attention， huh？You guys enjoy yourselves Yeah， it's fun Oh yeah。Well。

 as you guys now know， your challenge today was not just about lingergerie。

 it was about really listening to a woman。A master pickup artist should always appreciate beauty。

But never be distracted by it。Do you sense that you were distracted？🎼Indeed need。

I want to remind you guys what's at stake here。The winner will receive Matador as their wing in the upcoming field test。

Certainly a big advantage。There's a woman behind this door。Wearing only one of your gifts。

One of our friends is not too happy with your gift selections。So she won't be wearing any lingerie。

Unfortunately。Ladies？Is one of you ready to join us？Joe， congratulations。

 thanks you are the lingerie challengellge winner。When she came out， I was。Fregging pumped。

 I was so stoked。you listen to Lea。My favorite colors。

You remember that I like las because it's more fitting and it hugs the body。

 make any nice girl feel naughty。H。😊，Good job， Joe， really。I'll see you tomorrow。🎼跟来开始。

I won the reward challenge， I got Mattador， and this is my chance to show him that I can hang with him。

🎼Thiss the no one。I to go this。That's good I like that we were all just hanging out having a good time the guys of you know the final four or hey let me count your shoulders one。

🎼Yeah ready。For deep win。Like he slapped him in the mouth out of nowhere。

 I thought Joe was going to punch him。U。All right。So the fact that he hit me in the mouth。

 really like if I felt like I was extremely disrespected， and so I got pissed and I left。You just。

 you just slapped them pretty hard。I really。 No， yeah， you just slapped him pretty hard。Are you okay。

 too？Don't hit me in the face。All right。I'm not joking， this is me being 100% serious。

 he doesn't take responsibility for his actions， you deliberately hit me in the mouth。Rightright。

I don't appreciate that， man。Indeed。I'm not apologizing because I'm pretty sure I just tapped him on the face。

I'm pretty sure I've done that a number of times before。That's disrespectful man， sorry。

 how am I supposed to take that as seriously， man that you honestly you shouldn't。

 you're walking away Let me even know if this is serious， say you're sorry to my face， dude。あは。

For real。🎼He does these things that just piss people off so quickly。 Look。

 you're being smart as you always find ways to try to make people laugh and to try to hide it behind。

 Okay， look， I'm not gonna say sorry because I was confused。 Okay， so now you're not confused。

 I hurt his feelings。 You slap me like that。 I'm gonna punch in your mouth。 You have me like this。

 you're hit me a him。 Like don't hit me in the face。 I don't like getting hitting in the face。

 I wasn't pay attention。 That's exactly your problem with everything， though。Yeah， I know。See you。

 man， I'm dealing with you boys。I'm praying on the inside， you just can't see it。D面， okay。

I'm done with Pra deep， I said my piece， he knows where I stand， I want Pra deep gone。Coming up。

 emotions run high。 we just went through some stuff。

 So on I just can't hide my emotions and threatened to derail the lesson。

 I actually turned it into anger at joke。And later。

 the guys take their game to the club where one student does the unthinkable I don't know what the that was Ar deep is invading Jo D set。

We have another lesson today by Myster， Matadorra and J Dog。

 and I come down the stairs and I want to be in a good mood and I want to listen to mystery and I can't I'm going to pissed off mood and I'm showing it How's everyone doing？

Cosmo， what about you What's gonna I' good。 I seem like you're in a different headspace。 Yeah。

 yeah because we just went through some stuff I just can't hide my emotions。

 I can't be happier right now so no worries Yeah All right。

 hopefully you can put it aside for a little bit because therere only real tension here when it's all said and done。

Is women。Yeah yeah， right we're going to teach you how to go from the attraction stage to the seduction stage。

Now， when you're with the girl that you've just met at any public gathering。It could be。

Hard to truly build enough comfort and when this happens。You need to make your move。You need。

To jump from one location to the next， you may have a bounce and what is a bounce。

 It's an instant bait。 You're basically taking that woman。And her group if necessary。

 out of the venue where you meet her and bringing her to another venue。

The amazing thing about bouncing to this is multiple venue loop。

🎼Theory is that just after seeing you one or two or three times。

 she's got all these memories of being in different situations with you， feeling comfortable。

 She has a certain level of trust that it might take a month of dating otherwise for her to feel the same emotional away about you。

 You understand the value of all this。Good。Because tonight you're going out。Your objective is simple。

You must do whatever it takes to go on an instant date。

I want to see you guys bounce girls out of the venue。

I've never bounce someone that I just met in the club I'm terribly afraid of that you know。

 like of going from into that seduction thing the last time I kissed a girl sober was my girlfriend in junior year high school。

All of you can do this。Quite frankly， guys。🎼At this point， I expect you to be able to do this。

 My said pretty concretely that he wants as he goes。Bund somebody to a new location。

I feel like I can do that I'll see you boys later。It's getting down to the nitty gritty， you know。

 there's four left if I don't step up my game and really amp it up， I'm going to go home。

I get a bite to eat across the street with my friends。 I don't know if you want to come。 No。

 don't ask her。 It's gonna be hard to bounce the girls from one location to another。

 but I feel like I can do it。 Have you seen that movie on Reservoir dogs。

That's what they filmed in that cafe right there for real， no not really， but you still want to go。

 no， don't ask。I have been on the chopping block twice now， this is a big deal。

 I mean if a guy can pull a girl out of the club and get her across the street that's like master game。

It's just like this amalgam of nerves。Stress。I can't dupe myself into believing that I don't want to stay。

Kind of worried。All right， Joe， I'm sorry that I slapped you on the face I mean， I'm sorry okay。

And you're not kidding me， this is for real。They're mine， man。Pip has shown me。

 he's not a mature person， he's not an adult， he needs to be taken care of and it pissed me off that I even took the time to try and help the guy I'm done with Pur deep talking in a car I guess Nor man。

 you had a chance to talk about it right now in game time。

Right now it's the game time and I don't want to get in a mind space where right。

 I already am so I was dwelling on this silly thing and I actually turned it into anger at joke。

That's the way I tried to look at it。If you log the minutes。

 you'll realize it usually takes between four and10 hours of comfort building before attempting to seduce a woman。

 that's the beauty of the instant date， it's an easy way to develop rapport and trust so in this field test the students will begin their evening in the club and then bounce their target to the restaurant across the street for an instant date。

Hey guys， up up。Well， I just came out of the bar and there are a lot of attractive women in there。

Your field test objective。Is to go on an instant date。

 I want to see you take the girl that you've attracted。And bounce with her across the street。

To the old Pecan Street Cafe， Joe， because you won the lingerie reward Cha。

 you will have the benefit of having Matador。As their wing。We'm going to rip it up。

The winner of tonight's field test will be immune from elimination。Let's do this M。 Romanman。

 having Mattador in the field， I'm going to feel like a rock star， I'm going to win。

 I'm bouncing to the other location。With field test。

 we had to initiate a bounce and go on an instant date across the way of the old Pican Street Cafe。

I had Matador on my side and so I felt pretty confident。Here are the boys。So right now。

 Jo D and Matador are speaking together， they look occupied and that thereby。

Generates value if anyone from a distance will see。🎼Now， go。

You guys need to fight outside down the street Good open over opener over the shoulder。

F over guy named you're fighting over some guy named Jorge， who fights over somebody named Jorge？

Question like Larry King， all right？So far， everything seems fine。Hy guys。

 I need a woman's point of view on something right quick My friends are going to here in the Texas so I'm going to get back to them。

 but my buddiess girlfriend， Soa。box under his bed and inside his shoe box were like a bunch of old pictures of him。

Girlfriends and like all love letters from high school。I love the way he's leaning back。

He's leaning back。And running the set。🎼The box is under the back。

It was very smooth actually with sitting down， that was lovely。Hey guys。

Have you talk to any girls tonight？There's something right behind you here， hold about watch this。

Hey， you guys。He started speaking to the guys first and now he can。

 after leading the man for a little bit to show the girls that he's really not alone。

It can open them Are you guys like best friends？I could tell like you have the same facial expressions and everything Anyway。

 scoo scoo， hold on， I can only stay a minute but。Lovely， great lock in， great lock things。

 has he picked a target？I pick one。会一个。Time is came and went。Got experience。🎼And。

That is a subconscious hair touch。The second I see that I'd like to now lock in。

I was in a set and I felt really good about it， we were really getting along。

 we were laughing and I got a playful hit， I felt like that this was a girl that I was going to be able to bounce with and then all of a sudden I see pretty deep。

JoHey， what's up pretty， It any reason where my friends no？🎼no。Oh， you're a woman。

 you gave me a fish take。🎼ごめにしけ。Wow。So let me see your hands。Okay， need you to turn them over。

Ptfa has now gone into Joe's set and is trying to take over the set。

Why would you do that to your buddy？You know what's wrong？light， that's a。🎼一的下那个给我。She's a drunker。

151。I'm Kitty。I don't know what that was， that was just lame。I always just standing there like。

W were you trying to open my set， I had already opened and I was building Keyote and he just kind of looks at me and turns around and walks off。

And know I just。I had a loss for words。Wait a second what just happened？I'm here for a purpose。

 I'm not here to make friends， I just cracked on Joe said I blew it out。What can you do？Hey， girls。

I need your opinion on something。🎼Do you believe。🎼Yeah。No okay， we'll check this out。

 we want to talk about cheese and gorgeous， its beautiful here。So far， so good， give me a twirl。So。

Ah， there we go， he locked in， lovely。Perfect。Oh geez， that's a lovely girl for deep。

 what are you getting yourself into？He just had a drink pot from， that's fun。

 not bad for a warm upset， good now let's drink and go。TheWomen do that， but drinking go。

 thanks for the drink now buzz off。You guys know what urologists。I couldn't tell。

These girls are not interested at all。What are you doing now？🎼好他妈的。Would you like to get me。

I they want to look it with？They're just trying to get away from him。So you guys get free alcohol。

You're going to get a free shot。🎼O。So give me your free， I'll tell you more stories that way。

Oh go yay for a drink， he's begging for a drink and I'll tell you more stories and they were getting up to get away from you。

Give you a strategy quit telling us。好好。んて theだら。Oh， you guys have to go somewhere wait first。O。Oh。

 I'm waiting for their。If you don't tell us any more stories。I think that cinches it as a failure。

 right？They gave him the signals that he needed a strong verbal hint， it was more than a hint。

The next thing would be a punch in the jaw， get away from us。

I can only stay a minute I got to get back to my friends。And there goes Brady into a set。Luckively。

 I hope he will gain the attention of everyone。You have to get five questions from me。Okay。

 five questions wrong in a row。う。Did you guys see all the fight that was going on outside？

It's crazy as two girls are fighting over a guy named George。That is a great set to open。

 look at there guys as a beautiful girl。🎼。So Mattador is coming in。

And attempting to befriend and thereby occupy one of the obstacles。And that's what a good wing does。

I don't know。They're almost losing me here。Okay。This is a very optimistic parthe。All right。

 so get this the same kind of situation like Bar kind of reminded me like this。

I gott a call from a buddy of mine。I'd like to see Jodi move her into a lock in position Yeah they've been standing here too long now into something so you know I left for the bedroom and I probably shouldn't do it she looks bored actually okay。

 you're going to lose her， you're going to lose her。

I had a huge advantage and I didn't capitalize on it。

 I hit a sticking point and not being able to really， really build that attraction。

The more intimate you get， the more chance of rejection and so a sick this mental block in my head。

Joe。You got to start building some interaction with the girls I'm engaging every one of your girls。

But you need to theI didn't meet the challenge goal， so in that sense I failed。

Once you find yourself we going to go out a back？れま違よまた。Good job， That's good。

 That's the right answer。Loly escalating you know if Brady is not going to do the move。

 he should suggest the bounce to the whole group get everyone out to the coffee shop。

B Brady my friends that you met are going to be at the peant if you guys wanted to go。

 I was going to show you for a little while if you guys wanted to go chill and then maybe we can come back here or whatever but like。

🎼They don't want to bounce to the coffee shop， they want to get their drink on before the bar closes。

🎼O。🎼Nobody are you guys。Hey， guys， yeah I' was going to go so like I can talk without like this music。

my friends were across the street and he looks a little eager， he's too eager。

Are you guys going downstairs？Yeah I's going to go。You don't be that excited， dude。

And Cosmo is going on an instant date， Cosmo is the only man who has bounce。I was proud。

 I was proud that I was walking across the street， grabbed one girl in thisar， one girl in that arm。

 and I was。Cruising to cafe， you know， it's all good。Guys， you to be proud of yourselves。

You all went in there and did a very admirable job and girls were genuinely entertained。

Until the boredom part。One of you accomplished the field test objective。And the winner is Cosmo。

Congratulations。You are now immune from elimination unfortunately you will not be able to select a wingman。

So for the other three of you。One of you will be going home。Guys。I'll see you tomorrow。🎼Now。

 I expect the unexpected all the time。 I'。 Well， I expect the unexpected too， but at the same time。

 I'll be pissed off if pretty deep doesn't go。 just because I don't want any of you guys to go。

 And I know that he did worse than all of us。 Youve won so many more challenges。 Yeah。

 dude I can buy laundry and strat and a speedo。 doesn't mean I can kiss clothes。

 You know what I mean， Well， I feel like I made an improvement。

 I still think that I'm not improving to wear mystery Mattador and J Doug would like to see me。

It is coming down to the line。 anyone's game， dude。Yeah， I hope it's pretty。

 pretty deep's vulnerable。 He didn't bounce or kiss clothes。 I'd like to see Pre go home。

Good evening， gentlemen。Good你。For some of you， it seems like things are starting to click。

Yet for others， it feels like you're stumbling。You know who you are。You guys， overall。

 let me down in the last field test。I saw some good things out there。

But I expected all of you to succeed。And only you Cosmo did。Unfortunately。

There can only be one master pickup artist coming out of this boot camp。🎼Tonight。One more of you。

Will be eliminated。Let's begin。As you can see， there are three medallions。And there are four of you。

Level five， the Blue medallion。This symbol is daig， it represents enlightenment and clarity。

At this phase in the game。You should have clarity。You should know what you're going after and how to get there。

Now Cosmo， you are the field test winner。Please accept this medallion。Youve earned it。

And you're free to go。JdG， what do you think of Brady's game？You know。

 Brady had what I thought was a slow start of picking up the process。

 but he's really incorporated everything that I've been speaking about over the last couple of field tests and I really see immense progress in his game。

Okay。Maadaor， you were out in the field with Joe？What did you see in his game？

I did everything I could to leave you alone。With your target。

And every time your girl kept coming in and talking to me or would pull away my girl。

So even though I cleared the path for you， nothing was happening there。It is your attraction phase。

It's just not happening。You're going to have to get that part of your game fixed。G， agree， okay。🎼。

Now Pra， let me give you one or two course corrections from what I saw yesterday。

You stay in set way too long。When they want you to leave。You were oblivious to it Oh yes， right。

 you must have been。Otherwise you would have done something about it。Hell。

 they were even going to buy you a drink to not tell them stories。

I know perhaps we need to work on our listening skills。🎼Oh， indeed。

Getting hints has been a problem of night。All right。Well， it's time to award the next medallion。

The next medallion goes to someone we challenged to step up their game。And for the most part。

 this person has met that challenge。And it is clear。They're doing their homework。The next medallion。

Those to you， Brady。Congratulations。You earned it。There's one medallion left。

And two of you still remain。🎼一只。One of you。We'll be leaving。There's one medallion left。

And two of you still remain。One of you。We'll be leaving。Now both of you have come a long way。

From day one， and I'm pleased that you have come this far。

How do you think your life would be different， Pur？Should you leave here tonight？

I would have the confidence to go to talk to people， I have the tools。

 you gave me the routine encyclopedia， I'll be able to practice and practice practice and。

It'll get good。Joe。I'm going to have a social life again。

 I can go out and open sets and meet new people to bring into my social circle and just begin to build you know。

 a whole new life that isn't going to revolve around me hanging out in the basement， you know。

 surfing the internet and you know playing video games。All right。

 I am ready to reward tonight's final medallion。I enjoy this person's creativity in the field。

And it seems like people enjoy your company。But we're training you to become a pickup artist。

And you're going to have to show me a lot in the coming days。If you want to stay here。Till the end。

Joe。Please accept this medallion。You've earned it。You're free to join the others。It was a good。

Long haul wasn't it it was you have a lot of potential to thank you。But unfortunately。

 you must continue your education alone。For're here and now Pradue。It's game over。🎼你。

feel a little empty， but I'm excited for my life because。

I now have the chance to implement these things。 This has been about more than picking up women。

 It was about just having that confidence， having that self esteem。That wasn't there before。

I'm proud of the connections I've made。With the guys。And some of the girls they met out in the field。

Now I feel like。I'm。I'm a desirable person， I've gone from pretty deep here to pretty deep up here。

That'll change my life， mystery really made me feel good about myself in a way that。I haven't before。

🎼Next time on the pick artist， your challenge is to get the phone number of a beautiful woman walking across this bridge。

 You know where the bats are。Hey， I need a woman's print hello， hi。

 did you see the fight that was going on down there， theMoving Targ reward challengege sucked。

The guys learn they're heading out to a different kind of club picking up an exotic dancer is your next field test。

き。た？They're out to get money from your pocket and the most unlikely of students pull the trigger all this trigger makes a big leap with only one more episode until the final showdown whose game will end next at's gameover。

Want more of the pickup artist。Check out exclusive interviews。

 extra scenes and other unseen footage of the show only on vspot at vh1。com。

On the next pickup artist， I'm Willby Piimppin。No matter where you put me on more。

 this now is a competition。🎼Re remain。 I feel like I great game and had a great performance。

 I feel like Cosmos definitely my biggest competition。 but only one pull the trigger。

 All that trigger。😊，🎼Will step up his game。Learn the rules， get the girls。

 the pickup artist next Monday at nine， only on VH1。

