# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第一季：把妹达人第一季 05（中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously on the pickup artist mystery continued to teach his students the keys to attracting women Isn't that sweet。

 I could try to teach you how to be good kissers， but I have a feeling Tara and Le will do a much better job。

Then they went into the club to test their new skills。

And one man's dream of becoming a master came to an end its game over。Tonight， on the pickup artist。

 mystery tests the guys with their most revealing challenge yet。Uncom， uncomfortable。

And the pressure of the competition threatens to crack one of the students you want to call it quit you're in the ring finish too late。

For the first time， the guys are forced to approach women in broad daylight as far as I'm concerned。

 that was bo， three have gone home， five remain。This game will end tonight game over。

🎼I the 40 year old merchant never had a girlfriend women become gay，8 men。🎼The zero game。

🎼Have turned to the one man who can change them。 This is about building a life from lovable losers to irresistible ladies man wholl become the next pick up artist。

😊，After I won the medallion。We were waiting in the pillow room to see who would come down next's coming。

It was amazing， it just came after being， started hugging me and jumping on me， thank god。他不な。

OneI've never been more happy to see an Indian in my whole life， that was the best hug I ever got。

That was so wonderful dude。We give you some we love you bro。

 we don't want to see you go There's five of us now and the smaller our little family in the house gets the more I realize that I have a one in five chance and taking home $50。

000 and can travel the world mystery that's better odds than a scratch ticket I have no intention in it。

🎼To take this away from any of you guys。 So I'm thinking about leaving the next for the next eliminate。

Collling you quits。Bowing out， really？Now that everybody's friends in the house。

 I don't want to get in the way of their success pretty deep as being stupid。

 it's not like we're going not try our hardest， you beat。

 you beat us because you're better than us but don't just assume you're going to be better than us。

 that's a real slap in our face。My mystery is coming over for the reward challenge and I have no idea what is the store。

TheMyster is crazy， we had to tell a story to like four year old。

 she slipped on a banana and hit her head on the floor and went into a dream。

And it kind of turned into a nightmare。And had to make out with a Tara。🎼一起飞走。🎼キチ不た。

So I don't know what the hell iss going to happen， man I'm like， oh bring it on， I'm ready。

 man I'm ready for whatever。Today。Your lesson is about how do we express confidence？

With your body language。Words can lie。But our bodies will always tell the truth。

All of you are not yet accustomed to beauty。You see a beautiful woman and your body physiologically responds。

 and then you telegraph that。A master pickup artist must be in command of his nonverbal communications。

You all have a body， you all have different bodies， you may have insecurities about your bodies。

 Of course we all have insecurities， it's not about hiding them。

It's about putting your best foot forward。From this point on， nobody。Has a value。Higher than you。

From this point forward， you are all tenses。Maadeor Jdog and I have invited a few of our friends over for a pool party。

Women。Lots and lots of women。The student that demonstrates the best overall body language。

Wins the reward Chaen。Oh， I forgot。You'll have to do it while wearing one of these。いえ。Yeah。Yes。Yes。

 oh my God！🎼哎。Freaking hate。Setles。I'm allergic tos Beatos。

I hate for deep these are yours we have the exact same ones are very similar for all of you there's no way I'm ever going to be able to wear beles。

The winner of the Po party Re Chaenge will receive。A special something。

That will surely give you a leg up in the next field test。

 so gentlemen put your swimsuits on the ladies are waiting。

what are you freaking doing Youve got the best body of any of us Cosmo didn't make any sense he's obviously the best looking he has a great body he's the one freaking out it's like what？

I don't even know what you're talking about， man， everything's going to be fine。

When mystery pulled out the speeds I was freaking pump because I love just， you know。

 having a good time and playing around this is like asking a Jehovah witness to celebrate Christmas I'm used to wearing long shorts like even when I walk around my house with boxers they're still long like almost to my knees。

🎼I have very issue的。These are so tiny you can see my stretch marks What do you think I' would never do it pretty out of everyone in his whole mansion。

 Joe D is the most comfortable human in his skin I got myself about fl speed。

Even though he's 280 pounds。🎼哒哒哒哒。And that is amazing， man。Wow。

 can I get what you have I'm not doing it Not really。

 I'm not trying to be funny right now go crazy go， I'm not doing it。Coming up。

 one student struggles with inner confidence if I want to win， I need to do this。

🎼while others struggle just to get along。 I don't mean to disrespect。 you disrespect all。

 but more importantly respect yourself later and emotional elimination since one more student home。

By， you like to wear boxing ons bes？那有点。Mystery revealed to us that we were in fact hosting a pool party dude。

 I can see your but lines， a tanline you mean。In speeds。没有没事。

I'm not doing it It's all about stepping out of your comfort zone and I。

It so uncomfortable man freaking doing what are you？If I want to win， if I want to stay here。

 I need to do this。🎼The。The old cosmo would have never done this， never， never， never， never， never。

I was comfortable walking down the stairs， I was comfortable passing the kitchen。

 I was comfortable right when I opened the doors and when the doors opened。Uncom， uncomfortable。

 uncomfortable。That's the first time in my life I've ever worn a speedo I was really kind of feigning confidence so I'm not expecting a girl to come up andre likeooh you're really hot so all that you know approach anxiety kind of was alleviated there's not much to hide when you're wearing a speedo so I let it all out。

I knew I had to make a splash。People pretty much saw everything and that water was really cold。

有 for now。We got some interesting speeds like I got to wear a zebra print one and I think my butt really showed up with the day game today so I was pretty pretty impressed you make me really baby。

That was my first time being in a speedo， it's like jumping into a pool you don't want to jump in。

But after you do it， you don't really quite regret it。I was given the speed of by a young Navajo。要杀的。

Yeah， yeah， I'm not Native American but。I interacted with this km girl。

And it was reasonably successful pretend this is you， pretend this is me。

You try to stop it there's nothing you serious。See I think she dug me。best baby。You know。

 Joe Deese looks surprisingly comfortable。And in my mind if you can't improvisational dance。

 you can't squ out there and cut a rug。Personally don't really want to hang out all eyes were on Joe everyone's amazed like wow。

 this fact kid is comfortable in Sptoes I love the fact that Cosmo is leaning back。However。

 I would have sat。Where Joe Di is right now and then own the entire group。

 I felt like I just was skinny dipping， you know， I didn't even feel like I had anything on like， a。

 I don't like this at all。This challenge was extremely difficult in a way that I still had to be on top of my game I mean it wasn't just being out there and being confident laughing's laughing that's the thing I was still opening up sets and at the same time being able to throw eggss and try and control the sets that we were in。

magicI was kind of upset that Joe was stepping off my toes going after my target I thought I was showing some obvious signs that she was my target I had my arm around her。

I there and I'm just like not hidden tie at all， I'm completely aware of what's going on。

 but I'm like。I was almost there， man， oh yeah， I was had my home around here。It was on her。

 and my hand was on her leg and stuff。You took our away after that point I'd strain the friendship we've built。

 I didn't expect myself to get so stressed out。第三。crying out loud will somebody please open her。

Becauses of you lucky bastard。I hear a blonde that I haven't seen before， I'm like damn， who's that。

 she's hot chill hang。Oh my God， I can hear her from across the pool talking about。My penis。

I got to be。I have always had one hair。My heart is beating like crazy。

 I can't even engage in conversations。I have brown hair。As we got closer。

 I don't know what happened but I'm like I don't care no more Oh this is nothing you know I can get almost naked and still feel comfortable you know。

 I'm comfortable with my body with my skin this is me I love me it's the blond making ADD out because you're like。

Oh， I have8 idea， you do。I'm a hairstyylist， all hairstyylelist my。All right， I've seen。🎼Hey， guys。

Everyone who lives here？Could I all see you inside for a bit？诶y。Did you notice？

That your body had very little to do with the interactions， right。

 women are subconscious being in bathing suits themselves。You all did a great job。

 you're wearing speeds。And you all did a great job。

The reward Challenge winner is the one who had the best body language。And the winner， quite frankly。

Seemed like the life of the party。Who do you think that was？Well。You guys are right。Jo D。

 you won the Po party reward Challenge， congratulations。

I was quite surprised that Joe won I felt angry at first before coming here。

 I totally would have thought that going out in as speedo and trying to pick up women next to a guy like Cosmo I would be a total disadvantage I feel so much more confident now。

Now there is a reward that will certainly help you in the next field test Tara Le。

You get to use Nikkita in field Nikki doesn't ever help me pick up girls so much just absolute instant opener I don't even have to do anything talk about a chick magnet I mean Nikkita are going make a good team root pound here Yeah that's right We're going make a good team。

Yeah， this experience has showed me that I can step out of my comfort zone and make the uncomfortable comfortable。

 and that is awesome。Thanks guys I felt like I came up pretty well I walked around in speeds and nonetheless got a girl to di me and I think mystery should have recognized it that gives me even more of an impulse to leave。

🎼Yeah。Coming up for one student， the pressure becomes too much I do want to call itquiz。And later。

 it's time to teach you something that you've been wanting to learn about ever since you got here。

Pdue's been hinting for the last week or so that he's getting a little bit more frustrated and tired with this whole experience and he kind of wants to go home seems down down sure the sleepiest man in the universe We all convene together to try and convince Pur not to quit what you're thinking。

Oh， no， the same thing same before you。你屌。I do want to call it quit。Yeah。

 because it is too hard think about it if I stay and I actually am successful at saying that means one of you guys have to go And if you stay in successful saying I don't want to earn a few if I can't earn it I'm really not competitive with you guys just make it clear in your head that you're not doing us any favors by leaving stay man stay I want you to stay I want you to live it out if you got eliminated fine but at least you tried as hard as you can This is like a boxer going in a box。

 I don't know if I want to hit I don't I mean you're already in the ring you're already over here man for you to was like too late What else am I supposed to say you know what you're supposed to this supposed say I'm gonna give it the best that I can give Look at me look at me but I went from living in a basement with no door mind you my parents coming in and out of the garage to pick potatoes up and the only friends that I had with the friends online world of War half log。

To coming in here， meeting everyone that I have all the other AFCCs。🎼Having a wonderful time。

 I've learned so much about myself。 I'm told different person， man。

 The five of us guys that are still here are all family right now， and we're all。

 we all care for each other and we want to see each other succeed And the fact that he was just gonna throw in the towel really made us concern for him right and I don't worry about me I am worried about you。

 dude understand I don't mean to disrespect。 Well and I'm not disrespecting any of you。

 you are disrespecting all of us， but more importantly respect yourself。

That's that and see it out all the way through good ending，Hey guys， he guys。

I feel like it's very important the lessons that we get for mystery because he is so passionate man and he's such a motivational person every time there's a lesson I feel like I've never been happier to go to school in my life Good evening Boy。

🎼鼓定。It's time to teach you something that you've been wanting to learn about ever since you got here。

Day game。Now this represents。The beginning of a new type of game for you guys。

Clubs are not the only place to pick up women of beauty。For instance。

 I went to go to a grocery store。And there was a woman in one of the aisles。

And about 25 minutes later， she was in my hotel room across the street， naked。Well， I have stories。

 man。Day game isn't harder。That night PM。 it's just different。

 A lot of people think that it has something to do with the sun which it doesn't it has to do far more with traffic So in the day。

Things will happen much more slowly。At nighttime it's right， in the day it's boom。动om。

Now there are specific techniques and tips and tricks and tactics that we have accrued over the last several years that there may be a value to you and Jdog happens to be。

🎼Qute a master at day game Some key things during the day is be aware of what we call approach invitations you know that's when a girl will give you a cue that she's interested it's like an IOI from someone that you haven't yet initiated a chat with So if a girl keeps eye contact for a while if she smiles at you if she comments on something。

Then going to your regular process I've seen guys go up to girls in a coffee shop and say。🎼Hey。

Could we go out sometime？I've seen that and I've seen the girls say。I'm already out。

Why didn't the guy not do that and instead have an instant date right there and then？In the day。

You're out there anyway。They're bonus rounds I wouldn't say specifically go out to a bookstore just to pick up a girl。

 but if you're getting a book。Maybe you can get a girl too Do you guys feel like you have an understanding about the distinction between the night game that you've been playing？

And Da。All right， good。Here's why。Because for your next field test。

 we're going to take your day skills。And put them to work。

We're going to a virtual female watering hole。A coffee shop。Your objective。

 meet and attract your target using our day game method。

 the student that demonstrates the most mastery wins the field test and immunity from elimination。

Now， Joe， because you've won the body languagengu reward Chage， you get to bring Nakito with you。

The kidto。Can everybody talk about a chick magnet， he knows you。Take good care of them。

And he'll take good care of you。Gentlemen， get some rest tonight。Because tomorrow。

Your game will need to be on。Day game is exactly the same as any other pickup situation。

 only much slower。And you have to be much more aware of your target's comfort levels from the get go。

Obviously， kiss closing is unlikely during day game。

 but the students should be able to build attraction and close numbers。

 at least that's what I expect。The winner of the field test will be immune from elimination。Sip。

Hey guys， hey。Kto looks like he's ready to throw some game down isn't he Oh he was born ready for this。

With Nikkio with me， I'm going into this field test 100% confident insideside that coffee shop lies a world of opportunity。

I expect to see some pickup artists today。It's time to take the training wheels off， gentlemen。

Good luck。The fact that I am in a coffee shop， now I try just to think about more opportunistic openers and relying a lot on Nik Quito to do a lot of the work for me。

Go up to randomand guide and start patting them。How's it going。Good， good。We lost her。

 I was trying to force it too much and I think that's why she reacted like， okay， see you later。

 nice dog and you know， ba。H wait， I got a quick question for you guys in each year。

A very honest answer。Do you flos before or after you brush？No， I'm from Los Angeles。She's interested。

 that guy has a dog over her， Did you see that？It's like adorable。Okay， leanan back， lean back。

 lean back。N， nice。I felt more at peace entering the field today than I have in any other field test I was like。

 all right， this makes me less nervous， don't get me wrong。

 I still wasn't excited I was less nervous。You guys feel like you're maybe in college， okay？

Over the shoulder。Good， so get this my little sister。

 she's 18 and she's going to go to college this next fall。She's had her boyfriend for a year。

 he graduated last year。And she was talking about how they're looking for a single bedroom apartment next year。

GW needs to stackack into an interesting routine。What are you guys studying there。

 the first impression？Is not as。Impactful as it could be。

 now that he's watering it down with small talk。Does this move？All right， interesting。

 weird Austin stuff over the shoulder well done。I'm a bosstonian。Right， actually。Really。

 it's nice to see pretty deep work， it's looking good yeah。Mile Cosmo。

There's your first learning lesson， Cosmo， if you sit down and you do not engage right away。

 find yourself in that weird。Quiet zone，10 minutes went by， and I'm like， oh。

 I'm doing what I did in the first field test。I'm like， I'm freezing。Okay。

 now we have beautiful girls here good lovely who do you think he's going to pick but he's got to get through that rottweiler first？

Hey guys， quick question。Girl makes out with guy， has a boyfriend from the that cheat。

 perfect entry so far。What if that girl makes up with another girl's that cheat？

Yeah itll make up with another girl unless the boyfriend's involved。Choose a target。Neg the target。

 build this tension， you blink a lot， you know that？When个啦。There we go， there we go。

 Do you guys mind if I sit down？Oh did you know。Yeah， that body they say sit down。

 but that body language is like turning away。A false time constraint on the seating would have been absolutely perfect and Cosmo。

 you know that。I'm I'm looking to get into the body art as you notice， I didn't want to。Right， right。

 I didn't want to go all the way with the。球だとき。Your is said， I think that's right。Thanks。

That was absolutely perfect the way Prait left the set， preserved his values， right。

How many knives are from one to one？Now。We need to see it escalate right as you know that。

93% of girls masturbate in the shower， the other 7% sing。And do you know what they sing？You must be。

The ones that masturbate them。Pre me。That's interesting， what he doesn't realize yet， however。

 is that he's no longer in the attraction phase because attraction is really about interest。

 they are interested and now he has to move forward and start qualifying his target you blink a lot。

す。I did。Bray， for crying out loud， go kno， go lighthearted kote。He's lovely。

 smiling and he doesn't know where to go with it。He was able to convey to her that he had a willingness to walk away。

 and then he came back。This is absolutely perfect Pe for doing a great job I come from a pedigree of physicians My mother's a doctor。

 my father's a doctor You know what interesting thing Purip does is that he's interesting he's able to go and ripft and go into interesting stories He had this patient who's 55 years old He was trying to increase his sexual pleasure So we take a marble。

And you sticks it up as urethra。The problem with Pra deep right now is he's staying in comfort too long and we all know what happens when we stay in comfort too long。

 fall into that dreaded zone let's just be friends zone。

Hair is my number one all time favorite musical club I've been in it and it was like。Life changing。

And I'm completely straight if you can believe it， a girl asking you if you're straight is never a good sign Oh。

 piss， I missed some calls。Sorry， I don't know if I'll be back。

 it pleasure to meulate this if I don't。And see ladies， that's a perfectly good two set。

As far as I'm concerned。That was botched， I feel disappointed in how I performed， I took steps back。

 I digressed。New York， everything happens so quick。

 like you wake up and then you're going back to bed， look at the hair there。

 girls will scratch the back of their hand。And their shoulders and touch their hair。

And those are three indicators of interest that are subcommunated I'm going to get my T real quick and now he's rolling off。

So that he can preserve the comfort values。His name's Nik Quito you you guys go to college school around here or I haven't seen Joe got into anything except the general conversation though。

Well， it wass a nice meeting， guys think the dog wants to go mingle。

The is a problem consistent with Joe once he opens great， but he doesn't go anywhere after that。

 Can we talk to about it， yeah。Well， it looks like I have to go It was excellent to meet you right there it is you got it。

 he surprised。Oh no， it's great。🎼It was up。 guys， guys。All right。Once again。

 we saw a lot of good things out there。And a lot of things that need some specific recalibration。

Dude your dog's opening better than you are sure we'll talk about it more in elimination。

But now it's time to pick a winner for the day game field test。

 The winner is a guy who opened his set with ease and in a calm， cool and collective manner。

 his storytelling kept his interest in the target and ultimately he picked her up。P deep。

 congratulations。You are the day game field test winner。And I'm not surprised。Thank you。

 it was definitely unexpected。I was so prepared to go home pretty because you are the winner of the day game field test。

You are immune from elimination。However， this time。You may only choose one。

Fellow student as your wing。And protect him。From elimination。

 now I'm left with the burden of selecting somebody else to be immune。

 something I don't want to have to deal with。 tonight， unfortunately， one of you。Will' be going home。

Shes wise sleep pretty deep。🎼不他个杰民怕。Comes the elimination challenge wins it。

Two hours before we were all sure of where the final Four was going to be and our entire world was turned upside down。

Everyone here madeSo this final five has felt like a brotherhood， you know。

 of just men that are going out just trying to better themselves whatever the outcome is tonight I'm going to celebrate the fact that each and every one of us have come so far and and are so much better。

I'm not ready to go home， I have not learned what I need to learn。

 I came to get the entire experience to get every lesson from the first one to the last one。

Look what I'm doing， I'm just growing as a human being。This is helping everything in my life？

🎼I need to win。It just feels like there's so many things that I need to do in my life and this just would you know give me a huge head start。

I have no idea who's going on， man， I really don't。

 I just it's like who knows pretty's going to save you， You think so， of course bro。For deep one。

 now he gets to pick one wing man and now three people are going to be left to hang。Dambro。

 this is so depressing man， it is， it's like the parties。Good times， Bill。Oh yeah。

 it was awesome times， man， It was awesome。I'm making so many strides in my personal life and in my social life that。

I don't want to stop， I want to keep going， I want to keep improving。

 I want to be the best man I can be。I'm going to miss whoever goes。Great。

 we're going to have to say goodbye to one of our best friends right now in our world， you know。

 we're just so tight'。It's amazing， I mean， these are great guys。🎼Good evening。

I see a different look in your eyes tonight。You guys doing okay。Stressed me and nerve breakinging。

Cosmo are you seeing things differently Before I came into this。

 I thought this was a bunch of bullet and that this would never work and now I feel like I'm so thankful for even being here and this art form works you guys made me a believer and I don't recognize myself from the first time I stepped in that door I do not recognize myself man and I love these kids like they're my family and I love you as too man for just teaching me what I've learned。

Zg。🎼What's been the most surprising experience for you。 I love who I am。

 And I love the way I go about life。 And it's also。 It's like， there's so much more。 And it's like。😊。

As much as I was looking for something more， I didn't really realize that something more was so tangible。

 so attainable。It's now opening experience， isn't it， sure is。🎼Zhoudi。

🎼What has this experience taught you about yourself。

 I was just so disappointed in myself before coming here。🎼And then there was something lacking。

 And I know that that's not the case。 And it's just all in my head。

And whatever happens in this whole experience。I'm going to be a winner because I know that no matter who we are and who you look like。

I'm just as good as anyone and that's the biggest thing。

Everyone cares so deeply for each and every one of us that are sitting here now you know how tough it is for me。

And I think we will all agree。That this is a lot more。🎼Then。Just about picking up girls。

This is about。Building a life。Unfortunately， one of you will have to continue your training on your own。

Let's begin。As you can see， there are four medallions on this table。And five of you。Level  four。

 orange。This is the symbol Jra， the harvest， what you sow， so shall you read。Pre deep。

You won the field test。Congratulations， this is an unenviable position for us。

 but from what I'm seeing here tonight we need to play a role。We need to be the bad guys。Tonight。

 one of you will be eliminated。There will be。No wingmen tonight。No one is immune immune。

Except for you。Thank you。 please take medallion。You earned it。The next medallion goes to someone。

Who has really stepped up their game。I see them approaching。I see them building attraction。

And ultimately， he's been successful in his progression in the game。I see the potential for a master。

In you Cosmo。Please accept this。You've earned it。And you know it。🎼And。As you can see。

 there are two medallions left。And three of you。The next medallion。Goes to someone who is opening。

Who is confident in his body language？Joe D。Congratulations。Please accept this medallion。

You have earned it。Gentlemen。There is one medallion left。And there are two of you still remaining。

Manaor。🎼Why should we。Or should we not？Keep joW。Joe。

 I think you've done a fantastic job this whole time you've been here。

 who you were on day one and who you are now are two different people， however。

Your game still looks like a performance。There needs to be that authentic connection。Hey Doug。

 why should we or shouldn't we keep Brady Brady remember a couple of field tests ago I said I was disappointed。

And you。And I don't think you liked hearing me say that。

And the last field test I was actually very impressed you with the way that you opened。

He's really showing a lot of progress。This is not。Easy。See on the one hand。

I've got a guy who can open sets with ease。But who seems to have。Plalateaued。And on the other hand。

I have a guy who can also open sense with ease。But I see progress being made。At every set。Guys。

 I'm looking for a master pickup artist。Not someone to be the world's best friend。Bray。

Please accept this final Madon。You have earned it。🎼嗯没。Zhou。Your new life is still just beginning。

But for here and now。This game。I was eliminated tonight for。

Not making the kind of progression that other people's game has made in the last couple of outings。

 I mean， it's just unfortunate。🎼The biggest thing I would say that I've learned about myself since being here is that perhaps I was fooling myself and saying that Im just perfectly content with my life。

 I mean。I want a lady in my life， I guess I want women in my life。I am seen the other side。

 I've seen the life。That those people with no fear of rejection have。

 and I'm closer to it than I've ever been。I'm going to be able to get some dates if I'm not taking the lady out。

Three， four times a week。I'd be surprised， mystery， thank you for opening my eyes。

Next week on the pickup artist， the students sit down for a little lesson in lingerie 101 ladies。🎼超我。

🎼Give个证明呢 give个证明呢。With the competition increasing， tensions in the house flare。

🎼disrespectful man sorry， I want pretty deep gone leading to the field test where one student breaks the pickup artist most cardinal rules。

 Why would you do that to your buddy。With only four students remaining in the house。

Who's going home next？It's game order。Want more of the pickup artist？Check out exclusive interviews。

 extra scenes and other unseen footage of the show only on vspot at vh1。com。

🎼On the next pick artist tensions rise you slap like that。

 I'm going punch out and the competition isn't the only thing getting instead。 our good friends。

 Ta and lay are going to host a little party for you a linger party。😊，ああ。🎼どは？Down boy， don't move。

 don't move。the rules get the girls the of artist next Monday at nine， only on VH1。

