# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第二季：把妹达人第二季 08(中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Eight weeks ago， nine lovable losers embarked on a life changing journey with this man。

And mystery the most respected pickup artist in the world you're a friend and I like each other you right with that？

すれ。His mission was to take these frustrated bachelors I am a 28 year old virgin women always me as gay which never good not only does he looks sad。

 but I feel sad for him。And turn them into ladies men， gentlemen， your lives are about to change。

I would not recognize you from what I saw earlier mysteryster in the wing sent me to the dentist to get my teeth fixed。

ははは。🎼He's shared the secrets that helped him find purpose in life I was a scared kid I had no purpose。

 so I decided to do something about it。🎼And prepared them for the real world。

 I always left and right。 who lies more men or women。 We call that an opener。Boom。

 he just entered a two sec like seems like it look at the heart beatat go boom boom。🎼In the field。

 some made their teachers proud。 Let's go get pedicures together。 We'll do。

 We'll do it like a whole party。 guys want to all get pedicures together。 I like the way you。😊。

🎼While others struggle to find their way， this man has already his pants。

 I don't think she can talk him into opening the set。

 I'm literally freezing up nervousness just welled up in me。 I'm literally watching myself。

Deconstruct。So， here's the deal。He's out。One by one， they were sent home。It's game over。

And only the strongest two have survived the final two Matt this competition is about meeting great people I have this internal light that's been turned on and smeon pickup isn't just about finding women in your life it's about being a better person。

Tonight on the season finale of the pickup artist， it's time to step it up a notch。

 their journey to manhood is almost complete。I live up to my potential I will be the pickup artist I want to be the pickup artist otherwise I wouldn't be here Mark my words I will be there who will prove they have what it takes one of you will be taking home the $50。

000 prize。And an invitation to join my team and who will make the ultimate transformation you are the pick pointss。

One man has discovered the secrets of attraction and has become the world's most famous pickup artist。

 his name is mystery， known the world over， he and his team will teach these secrets to nine men with zero game。

 transforming lives and turning lovable losers into irresistible ladies men。

🎼Who will become the next pickup artist。I really expected Matt to walk through the door。

 I felt Matt was going to be the better competition for this last round and that it pushed me farther to progress even more in my game。

Congratulations。Thanks， Ben。Look forward to。Do the glass challenge。He the best fan win。

It was a tremendous amount of relief getting into the top two because I had worked so hard to get to this moment。

 it would have been disappointing if I had got stopped so close in my journey。

 the whole time I thought。It was lights out for me I felt that if it was gonna come down to the final challenge the person worthy of the final challenge was you competinging against Matt is is a really positive thing in that it's an honor to vie for the final title the pickup artist against such a great friend It's gonna to be unfortunate that I do have to beat one of my best friends in the House in order to win that title Let's see what happens you know。

 it's gonna to be a。An interesting ride to say the least， that's for sure。Heyy。

 how's it going doing very well？The final two。Come with me。Grab yoursves a seat。

Congratulations on making it to the very end， guys。Over the last several weeks。

 I've been teaching you guys the things that took me a lifetime to learn。

And I'm happy to say I couldn't be prouder。You've been focused， you've been committed。

 and I can't wait to call one of you。The pickup artist。

What happens over the next few days will reveal to us who that person truly is。

Tonight will be the first of your final two challenges。

They're designed to test your speed and your precision。

When you start off with basic martial arts training， let's say kung fu。

 the moves are really slow and deliberate at first， and as you keep practicing， it speeds up。

 they're more fluid， it's more graceful。 after a certain point。

 you don't even think about it anymore， it all flows naturally。 We call this unconscious compete。

 Everything that has gone into your head so far。 I want it to go into your motor response so that it happens automatically。

 you can't not get the girl。What we want to work on is we're in the field。

 we want to escalate kote as efficiently as we can so that we can get the kiss and it sets the standard for the interaction from that point forward All right。

 let's get to your objective for tonight's challenge。

Use this precision pickup to read nonverbal cues and kiss a girl in the shortest time possible。

The one who gets there first by using the techniques properly。Win's the reward Challen。🎼あ。

🎼It's time to step it up。This is the biggest reward challenge yet。Some seems like it'll be tough。

I know it can be done because it has been done， however。

 speeding up that timeframe is certainly intimidating to me。

I'm feeling a little bit anxious at the rapid rate that's expected for us to succeed。

 and I definitely have to make some tweaks in my game in order to be able to achieve the speed and precision they were talking about in the kiss closing。

Simimeon at the end of my Yang， we have two exactly different styles of game and it'll be interesting to see which one prevails。

Obviously， whatever reward is going to be bestowed upon the winner will be。

 I'm sure a major advantage going into the field test。Yeah。🎼。

Winning this reward challenge may be essential into winning this competition evening welcome to the first of your final two challenges。

The techniques you're about to attempt in there are not for the faint of heart and will help show us just how well you've developed your precision pickup。

You need to present yourself as。Great pickup artists。

Now's the time to deliver everything we're down to YouTube。I've got high hopes for both of you。

Don't let me down。As you know， this challenge is a race against time。

The winner of this challenge will not only get mad props from us。

But also a reward that will give you a sweet advantage in tomorrow's final field test。

I'll tell you about that later。I feel a fair amount of pressure。

 but not because of the speed aspect of having to kiss clothes right away。

 but because I know that I'm still kind of battling where I freeze up and I don't want that to happen Good luck guys thank you get in there and have some fun。

We'll be watching。Coming up。🎼The final two race the clock to a kiss time is ticking hands off the merchandise shows over here you to get rid of some who will cross the finish line first I'm expecting to see miracles and later currently the house is chalk full of perfect ten and they have no idea that you're my students All right。

 gentlemen， it's go time。😊，As you know， this challenge。Is a race against ty。

I've got high hopes for both of you。Don't let me down。🎼，And there's Matt and Siimeon。

The time is ticking。Dummy， what movies this wrong？looks baby in。Edie's body rock。

I don't know what all that means， that's a little much。き。You're a good girl。You too。

 I'm not so sure about。He sexualizes the encounter right away there's no his sexuality is praised statement of intent。

I would love to just introduce you to some of my friends out there if you like。

 and you guys should join us in a couple minutes。You're not going to leave your beautiful。Okay。

 Matt could overtake this race if I missed up， so I still have to make the last bit of progress to cross that finish line。

Today is a great day。Me and my。Just completed a camper and we are partying like it's the end of Ocean 11。

Don't let her get away with that， you should make her。

She dress this one up but you can't take her anywhere， she always like。My name is Matt。Look at that。

 it's about time。😀Ha哈。😊，🎼Tell me。🎼Mo is from nobody puts baby in the corner。Good job here。

 Give me some pinky load Great， me see your hand again。It's interesting， okay， so anyway。All right。

 well。That there， that's your clothes line， and。get rid of some clothes here， give me a little spin。

Let看。He's having fun。啊。Yeah Siim looks like a cool cat right now he does， he looks like a rock star。

 so let's see you peeking pull this off like a rock star。It's a pleasure look at that beautiful。

 dark haired girl。The good one。Never mind。Well， she's the beer drinker。

 so I'm guessing she's the real girl。And I see high maintenance over here。

Pick up on I she's not only smiling but you can see smiling in her eyes Let's get elsewhere come let's get a drink。

Andand， and。A two set he is now moving into a sit down situation， perfect。

It was certainly hard not to notice smeon I saw him already isolate so I knew that the cards at that point were kind of stacked against me I was going to have to work really hard Who are you Who this person that I'm sitting next？

I'm。Okay， Siimmeon luck out in this case， he picked off the target right from the group and peeled her away from everyone right away。

We're in California。Wow cow girl and now he's talking。

 he's having real conversation game for the first five minutes now he's having real conversation with this person and connecting on another level。

Now it's the budlight Girl that you know， that's what I got to learn。

So halfway into the conversation we're back to the VIP area and the rug gets pulled out from underneath Oh and the target just got pulled away Oh I think he's going to switch targets。

Probably。That put me in a tough spot， I've won enough reward challenges in the past that I know the importance of what they can do to your prospects in the field so from that point on it just plowed into the obstacle。

Wellhy I sense that right away。You exuded that， that's why I thought this is a girl I need to talk to。

🎼这个。他们这は。🎼私の日見せるね。It's got the trust that。🎼All right， make sure you look in my eyes don。

We're friends now， right？I need to do the trust test let me see your handss。🎼回게梦员。

You seem like a girly girl， but at the same time， like you have this other side of you， too on。like。

On life can use high on life on a scale of one to  ten。How good of a kisser are you？🎼ラち。け。🎼对的。

I'm just kidd calm。🎼厉。I am so proud of him's proud of hes escalating， he's hanging back。

 he's been cool Yeah well done guys。Well done。Being picked up by a pick artist when's done properly。

 is a privilege。Look at you and your swaggers still。That was pickup。

You guys took over your success this is like our success you guys were amazing in there you went in。

 you did exactly what you were supposed to do， you isolated and you kissed your target so congratulations。

 it was so much fun to watch you guys fun blast just a couple weeks ago you said Matt。

 you're going to go into a bar and within。20 minutes you're going to be making out with a girl without caliber I would have laughed。

 no way， not in a million years， although you both did a great job and you both ultimately kissed a girl。

 Simeon。You did it faster I'm definitely excited but the same time I want to stay humble there's still the final challenge to prove how good of a pickup artist I really am You will get a reward that'll give you an advantage in tomorrow's final field test。

 but it's still anybody's game。I came into this house as a very insecure individual without much confidence in terms of approaching women。

But throughout the process， slowly my insecurities started falling by the wayside and my confidence replaced it。

This whole process has not just changed my life， it's changed who I am。I came into this house。

 scared， apprehensive， confused in a lot of ways， but eager， and now I am confident， cool， collected。

 and most importantly still eager because there's still so much to learn the sky's the limit when it comes to pickup。

You only got like what， 25 pounds on me， if you could live more than me， I would hide under that bed。

🎼Simimeon and I have taken very different paths to get to the final too。

 He has shown a very consistent upward climb his whole time here。

 whereas I think I've been more peaks and valleys。 So for this last portion of this contest。

 I better bring my brilliant game and not my underwhelming game。There you guys are very good。

 another day。Have you guys ever seen a girl so beautiful that you could only describe her as a perfect ten？

Tonight， I am hosting a party at this very house。A party that will be chalk full of perfect tenset。

Your final test will be to isolate one of these girls。By picking her up。And moving her。

Back to your bedroom。Simimeon， because you won last night's reward challengege。

 you get the master bedroom for the field test， which demonstrates higher value。Matt。

 you get the smaller bedroom。I feel like pulling a perfect tent back to my bedroom will be tough。

 I'm going certainly give it my best effort and I S has a huge advantage in tonight's field test so I really have to bring my a game if I'm going to beat him this is going to take everything you've already learned and will require some additional techniques。

My chances of winning the next field test I think are great just because I am on this momentum streak。

 therefore my confidence level， really as at the highest point it's been throughout this competition。

A woman of exceptional beauty is perceived as having high value。

 so how you'd approach a beautiful woman is a little different from the way you'd approach an ordinary girl it's not harder to get a1。

It's just different。You're going to open with nags， you're going to use more eggsgs。

 generally speaking， a ten， she doesn't live in a world of nags only from her boyfriend or brother or dad。

 so when you come in and you disqualify yourself from being considered a potential suitor on the open。

Now we have some tension to work with baseline attitude to have with a tent before she's a tent。

 she's a human being first， the moment you object fire her， put her on a pedestal。

 you lose your power no matter how she looks， she is just a person and if you treat her like just a person。

 you are so much further along the road to actually being able to form a relationship with her。

There are three locations， the attraction location， comfort location， seduction location。

 where's the attraction going to be？🎼Anywhere you can find it when you want to settle in and build some comfort。

 then you will find a comfort building location。 You know what a great comfort building location is。

 your bedroom， bring her in， and then。😊，Take her out of the room that's very important。

 the idea is to give the girl the opportunity to grow accustomed and comfortable with the environment which you are ultimately going to be seding her。

To both be going shopping with Tara and Matador at Ashley Furniture to dress up your new bachelor pets。

The party starts this evening。So you better get shopping。

You want to have something that reflects your personality that's fun I mean is a huge advantage in tonight's field test where he has the master bedroom that's obviously a huge demonstration of higher value he is the main man so to speak in the house that looks very classic and sophisticated perfect so I'll have to use other embedded DHVs in my stories and in my actions to overcome that advantage Check this out this might be perfect for my conversation piece Yeah Check this out Matt I kind of like this whole style competing against Matt I definitely feel like I'm the dark and the final challenge my biggest weaknesses still are a lack of control。

Sometimes I let my energy get the best of me， but every day I get better and I think it means a lot more if as a dark horse I can beat one of the best competitors out there let's get this to go All right。

 let's do it。I am very happy with my baachelord pad。

 I think it's really going to be a comfortable location where a woman's going to come over and say。

You know， this is somewhere you know， I can stay for a while。

And I expect great results because of it。I think that in an environment like what we'll have tonight which is very low key。

 I do feel like I probably have a slight advantage in that people will feel comfortable with my energy levels so even though Simeon has the master bedroom。

 I'm able to compensate with a style that's very suited for this type of challenge。All right， guys。

It's all been leading up to this night， your final field test at stake is the title the pickup artistist。

Which comes with a $50，000 prize。An invitation to join our team。And this， the final red medallion。

Currently， the house is chalk full of perfect tents。

Friends of mine who are here to have a good time and have no idea that you two are my students。

The objective is to isolate a girl。By bringing her back to your bedroom and seduce her using all the skills that you've learned here Now this is not about speed。

 it's about solid， safe game。 Now the game plan， of course， is to bring the girl into your bedroom。

 get her accustomed to the location， then keep that door open so she can leave again。

 and then when she comes in a second time， her comfort levels will be much more established。

You will have two hours at which time will reconvene in the elimination room。

For one of you will become。The pickup artist。All right， gentlemen， it's go time。Good luck。

I definitely think that I want to become the pickup artist more than that。

I think it shows the fact that I've been progressing each week。

 trying hard and learning more and more。Here we go。

And like this is something I'm extremely excited about， and I really， really want this。

I didn't get this far to。Come in second place， if I wanted to go home。

 it would have been a lot easier a couple weeks ago。

 so I'm in this to claim the title to show people that I'm a winner。All right gentlemen。

 it's go time。The boys man。Final two。I feel pretty confident that I'll be able to meet the objective of pulling a perfect ten back into my bedroom because I have this great storytelling ability and I have this great way of embedding DHV spikes into my game。

So far man is just open to tu she's cute。Com from where。Oh okay。

 you don't find these outfits in Alaska too often， you look right， by the way。

 In rapport with people， that's what Matt's power is。But I look good you can't sacrifice you know。

 you can't make those sacrifices he should roll off this girl go mingle with other people and she's going to want to run into him again again all right girls will' catch up with you in a bit thank you right so is this not fun or what。

🎼You know what House parties， you know， usually pretty good around here this this is doesn'ton appear to be in his element。

 Ab he looks so at ease and comfortable。 see ring on my finger actually and introduce and now he's inviting his wing man into the set。

 Ash this is that hes one of the best guys I know how he's winging for him even in this competition。

 that shows good sportsmanship。 that's what that That's great。😊，Today。

 nobody hides me That's how I earnest degree。🎼爱情色。Okay。

 how's this set I'll give you a massage and then you give me a massage， I that fair All right cool。

Everybody loves massages your turn now。🎼The fact that he's getting complaint from this girl is going to make other women interested in him。

 you look like you're from New York。No。I was great。Are you serious？Wow， farmer's daughter。

 I heard farmer's daughters are bad news。So I'm trying to figure it out。

 I think you still the good girl， I think you're the bad girl though I think everybody their own side What's your side Have you guys seen the house Come on。

 I'll give you a little tour。Hes innocently giving them a tour。

 but innocently giving a mature straight to his bedroom。

So it's my room like sons got two girls in his room， what is he going to do？う。

Did he hit one of themOh my God， I had a hard attack。

🎼You have been like that out and dumb and number right now。

 both girls had given the answer of wed like to get naked equally again guys。😊，Am I interrupting？

The man look at these girls are just lovely。Follow me， ladies。

Matt has finally isolated his targets nice matt's on the move。

Trying to think which one of you guys would be a better kisser。

 what do you guys think I don't kiss on the first date really。This is not a date。

 I'm just trying to figure out who's the very kiss her getting here， you can kiss my cheek。You。

this window is closing it is closing right now How about you。完了。

just secret I pulled a two set in the bedroom with the intentions of trying to get a three way make。

 but once I started feeling failure in the set， I ended up having to pull the set out saying。

 you know what， this is just not going to work。Oh she knows she bring it it how you work they're fixing their hair。

 they're giving iis， they both want to be there because if one of their friends wanted him and they didn't both want him。

 then one would leave。They're both there。う。Oh Matt's doing a back hug？

We actually went to high school together。Yeah， now if Matt would just be playful。

Do something take that which is his an LA where I'm from There's a huge career it's called K Town。

 Koreatown man， come on man。This hurts and we go there all the time because I love it。

 You cook your meat in that little table。🎼啊哈哈哈哈。😊，🎼It's killing me， man。 Oh。

 I have to tell you a funny story about Iraq。 have a seat for this story。 please， please。

 So my buddy just gets back from Iraq。 All right， And there's Matt orating to two girls sitting on his bed。

 It looks like Matt is a political candidate and he's trying to convert them over to his side。

I think that while I had the two set， I got trapped in comfort while I was engaged in this what I thought was very stimulating conversation He let's go out to Yeah let's go the window to sexualize it went out the door。

Yeahいや。🎼给不证明呢 give不证明呢。All right， you finish it off。Yeah。

🎼Absolutely here I just being thrown at him must be the hat。 You've some lovely hearings。オナ。

🎼Can see this。If he goes off in the world we never see him again。

 this man is never going to be alone。When you are Sion。Yes。🎼She to you well。

 this girl is bucksomevolupuous and has a very beautiful face Have you seen the house。😊， go with me。

He's now moving the single， let's see what happens， she is beautiful。This is the bedroom。And。

Very nice if only she knew。Do you know about chakras and stuff？Okay， wow， impressive。

 that's fantastic。 Stop touching her Oh what is this stop touching her it really does upset me me show you something later I'm going to go to the kitchen real quick。

 come tag along Finally， Thank you She is being pulled out and she's gonna feel much more comfortable going back into that room。

It's more fun out in the party than it is in his room。🎼面が。🎼Okay。

Matt is now befriending his target's friends。You guys were ditching me， I was getting scared for。

 I thought you were leaving me。🎼对般。This beautiful Asian girl is very much into that。

 I wonder if he can pull the trigger。Heres。🎼Ex。🎼切着。I don't know what。They get along great。

 they're flirting， they're chatting they're having fun， so everything so far is perfect。

You do smell right tonight。Har not to kiss you right now need to get out。Are you vegetarian am？

I was just talking about that yoga class， that's why I started becoming a vegetarian。Okay。

I wantroom champagne。对谢对。Here we go back into the room now and she's just complying to every request he makes paratrooping。

Does it work with it actually does work and you know what， usually it looks better on me。

 but it doesn look about a year。I like it。🎼That's cool from Arizona so you can rock that that is a man who knows what he's doing。

🎼There's little spots in your back that' like your feet like your feet。

Wehab like a spot on your exactly。So you can help release a little bit of tension。

Oh my which she's really cute Okay it the hat turning you on it kind of is。Finally。ま儿。

Good for him man。good for him。🎼来马。🎼For second， I promise we bring your back。 We be right back。 Okay。

 guys come with me。I think he can do this because he's acting confident right now she will follow him。

I don't even know what's going on out there， but I'm having a good time， so I met some great people。

Yeah。I just。I'll be honest with you。 I had to take here could hear the most。Mat。

 I know you can do this。Coming up。Now it's time for our last elimination。Right now， what's at stake。

Is an invitation to join my team with everything on the line who will take home the ultimate prize you are the pickup workers。

I don't even know what's going on out there， but I'm having a good time so I met some great people。

🎼Yeah。I just。I'll be honest with you， I had to take you and you let me。嗯。It's about time pal。

These are not the same guys that we started out with。Now it's time。For our last elimination。

Right now what's at stake is the title of the pickup artist。The $50，000 prize that comes with it。

And an invitation to join my team， travel the world， teaching others。

Many years ago before I became mystery， I was Eric Vaughon Markelvik。I was a scared kid。

Cut myself off from the outside world。I was observing life rather than participating in it。

I had no purpose。So I decided to do something about it。And that's when I discovered my calling。

Have you discovered your purpose？I have before me。A red medallion。

Both of you have already earned six medallions signifying the stages of your development this red medallion。

🎼科喜。Symbolizes mysteries revealed。This is the final medallion on the journey to becoming a master pickup artist。

And tonight， one of you。We'll be taking home this medallion。Simon， you've come a long way。

 haven't you？Definitely knowing what you know right now， you are never going to be。

In danger of being alone like I was like we were。I commend you on everything you've accomplished thus far and it's been。

Privilegge to teach you。 Thank you。Matt， you have surprised us and impressed us repeatedly you came in with this bull haircut and cute golf shorts not that there's anything wrong with that Now let's just say I think a lot of women find you attractive you've come such a long way physically but I don't think that even comes close to how far you've come on the inside and I think you'd agree with me on that I appreciate that It is a privilege to have met both of you。

Here's what I saw tonight， Simeon watching you， I have to be honest man。

 there were some moments where I was cringing， I was like， oh my God， the keyno escalation。

 the way you put your hand there and then not take it away。And it was just so uncomfortable to watch。

But Siimeon， I sign you。APUA mindset。You had a swagger tonight you got to set back to your room。

And since you failed to isolate， you literally got caught between two girls。

 you knew when to e though and move on and it worked to your advantage because later on you had success and a real connection with a lovely woman。

Matt， here's what I saw you also brought a two set back to your room。And you too are stuck there。

 unable to move forward。Mat， you eventually found a way to bring your target back to your room and you eventually got a couple nice kisses there。

You could have done more。Mat。Your ability and propensity to pull the trigger is still not there yet。

You need to go sexual when the time is right， no apologies you like the girl。

 she's worthy it you tell her why you like or pull back your shield and just reveal it。

 no apologies about it put it on the line， you can reveal your vulnerable aspects。

 they won't reject you for them。Here's this charming guy who engaged groups of women。Efficiently。

 quickly， they seem to gravitate you。Simimeon。Now that it's all over。

 why should you be the pickup artist at the beginning， I showed very slow progress just wasn't there。

 but throughout this process I've worked hard day after day after day showing continual improvement No I have not perfected this game yet but the leaps and the bounds I've taken I think is a testament to my ability to succeed at this game now that it's all over。

Why should you be the picker artist Because from the point that I started this journey。I。

It was not somebody who stepped out in my comfort zone， but each time I've set my mind to it。

 I've been able to break through， first it was about just approaching， I broke through that。

 then it was about freezing out， I broke through that。

 then it was just kissing and pulling the trigger。I maybe haven't broken through that fully。

 but I've definitely made huge strides there so every challenge youve put in front of me。

 I've been able to punch my way through。So here I am with a situation where。

I have two of you and one final red medallion。Simimeon and Matt。

 I know that both your lives will be richer from this point of forward。But only one of you。

We'll get something more。This experience has already changed my life completely If mystery does say the wordssia。

 you are the pickup artist， it will be the singular most joyous moment in my life I'm genuinely feeling a wealth of emotions right now I'm feeling。

Pride， and I'm feeling。Happiness， because I know my life has changed for the better。

 but at the same time。I'm feeling nervous， both your lives will be richer from this point forward。

But only one of you。We'll get something more。🎼是。Simimeon。You。Are the pick artist。

I'm get you medallion。🎼い感で。🎼Means。🎼Everything to me。

What this means to me is more than I can even speak about。For once， really， honestly。

 I really am't at a loss for words。🎼这。Kids get this far。

And not when is it certainly it drains you just a little more。

 but at the same time it's very refreshing to know that I lost such a good mangratulations again。

🎼什么板。Just because mystery didn't pick me now doesn't mean that you won't see a pickup artist later on down the road。

 the adventure is just beginning。All right， guys。Let's get back to that party and let's go meet some girls soundss great。

 very good。When I came into this competition， the guy who first saw lacked confidence was insecure and really didn't know how to talk to women。

 but found courage inside me， and I never gave up。It's such an honor to be the pickup artist。

 I've won $50，000 and the chance to teach other men how to attract women。

 how to have women in your life。🎼也去。🎼Excus。Mystery has definitely given me a new lease on life。

Congratulations。🎼life。Want more， watch extra scenes and episode commentary from me。

 Matador and Taara at pickupartist。vh1。com。🎼Yeah。Hello world， I'm Eric Cushhenen， Hope you like me。

I call my music acoustic So， my influences is Stevie Wonder and Paul Simon， Beatles， Michael Jackson。

 I mean I just really love classic pop music。🎼なせ。I think people can expect to feel good after the song is happy music。

 It's positive， I try to have a good message for more on Eric Hutchinson， log on to music VH1 do co。

