# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第二季：把妹达人第二季 02(中文字幕）_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously， I'm the pickup artist。Nine lonely men arrived in the desert desperate to change their lives forever I'm right I am a 28 year old virgin。

After meeting the master I am mystery his wing man Matador and brand new sexy wing woman Tara I guys they were quickly thrown into the line of fire The club behind me is teeing with beautiful women。

Go through that door and meet them。But all of them failed to impress weather also。He has no clue。

After crashing and burning the guys got a new look to rev up their confidence I've got the space of my teeth so mystery and sent me to the dentist to get my teeth fixed。

But one man's shortcomings in the field led to a shocking elimination alex， it's game over。

Tonight the guys get their first lesson to approach and open a set for one will prove he needs more time in the classroom hes doing what happened one has been eliminated now eight remain whose game will end tonight it game。

One man has discovered the secrets of attraction and has become the world's most famous pickup artist。

 his name， his mystery， known the world over he and his team will teach these secrets to nine men with zero games。

🎼Transforming lives and turning lovable losers into irresistible ladies men。🎼Oh。

🎼Become the next pick artist。やろた。I know I can't believe that we weren't expecting。

 my heart stopped that whole time。你在る行。I mean， everything he was describing up to that point could have been me okay actually it's going be hard to sleep tonight we have this shock elimination Alex has gone home and now we understand that it's game on if you don't bring it you're going go home next I mean don't be honest I don't think they're going crap。

I'm 28 years old and I thought I was writing。🎼So I always。🎼Initially。

 I was thinking it was go get me if he was going to。 I think everybody thought it might be them。

 I was definitely concerned that mystery somehow didn't see in me the。Readiness to continue on。

 I need this and I didn't want to lose out without even having learned anything even though him being dismissed is a real bummer be happy that you're still here survive another day Thank God I didn't get my chest wax for another。

So mystery called today and says to meet him at a secret location so we arrive at this this nondescript building that just says Italian club and there's a bouncer with some dark glasses and I'm thinking we are about to go into a strip club and I was getting pumped I'm like we are gonna to see some beautiful ladies inside there Wecome guys。

Some of you are already looking more。Confident， more secure。 Now， that's good。

 But your new look is only the first step in building real， long lasting confidence。

 All of you seem to be extremely nervous when talking to women。😊，That has to change。

So today for your first reward challenge， we're going to spend some quality time with some quality ladies Oh yeah I don't know if we are going meet some strippers just some regular girls at club。

Or some freaks， so I was like like nervous， excited and like happy at the same time。

It' your challenge today to simply approach them and make conversations just stay。Comm。

The one man who makes the best impression on them will be the winner of this week's reward challenge now what's at stake。

 something very special， a secret accessory from my very own collection。

 and I'll give you a private lesson on exactly how to use it fair。Great， all right。Let's get started。

Oh， what it's game on。We're thinking， wow， this is really exciting because here's our first time to prove we have what it takes to be the pickup artist。

I walked in the door and。The first thing that went through my mind was。Bgo。

We must be in the wrong room。Hi， ladies。I was definitely ready to talk to some amazingly gorgeous women。

🎼，Unfortunately， I was slightly misled。Coming up。My names Ryan。

 the guys tried a sweet talk the ladies you look not a day over 35。

And later it's the moment they've been waiting for It was like the secrets to the universe in just a few hours you'll be approaching the real deal young single attractive women in a club。

And then the guys face their first elimination， one of you will be leaving。🎼Yeah。Binggo。

 we have a bingo。Finally we get inside and we see a bingo parlor Are there any other bingos？

There were probably 100 just great old ladies in there， the average age was probably 70， I mean。

 these people when they're not playing bingo are probably talking about what they did during the Eisenhower administration。

Hi ladies。I was going I sit down for a second How are you guys doing today you right away I went up and I was introducing myself。

 I was shaking their hands I was just trying to just be sweet and nice and just genuinely interested in them。

you friendly thank you appreciate can sit I wasn't really what to do I walked all I knew my mind was that all I had to do was just go inside and interact as best you possibly could Michigan。

All right， now what's the game， I it like a blackout or is it an X across what Myster's point was to say it doesn't matter who you open sets with。

 it's just about opening them and starting a conversation and hooking them in。

 Don't tell anyone but we used to do a little gambling on the riverbo so。

My eyes lit up when I saw the crowd because I've had a lot of practice。

 I go to my By's Jewish old age home and I can work the crowd like I'm straight off a Vegas showroom stage and this table's going to win。

Oh my name's Ryan， sorry I like Kelly and yours Carol Caroline I had a great time talking to the ladies you from there on the area Some were obviously fairly playful I。

Hi who are you I'm Jeannie Jeanie and introducing me to your lovely friends hereb my strategy was to schmooze and compliment you look not a day over 35。

thank。I love that I wanted to just take all my youthful energy and I wanted to just put it on them so that they would have all this affection for me in order to win the challenge Bank High School used are teaching all the crowd how use computers and stuff。

And like it's just so cool because like both people have all of the stories。

You guys have a cool story？I think from you know like World War II。You know。

 I guess all their chicks are cool， they have all the great stories， like what more do you want。

 you know？I'm Greg Greg I'm Sand Sandy it was pretty easy talking to grandma aged women because they were very nice Did you guys believe that just yesterday I had hair？

It was past the yes it was good because I felt like I had to initiate a conversation。

 they would respond to me but I thought very well and very pleasantly so it was enjoyable It was very nice to game Good luck thanks。

Hi I'm Brian Hi I'm Brian， Nice to meet you I'm Brian。

 Nice to meet you talking to these older women How are you Brian。

 they were like cougars except they were saber tooth which is like above 40 60 and beyond Hopefully I can play bingo one day like B I NGO like B I NGO B I NGO or like I5 G E1 How about a spin Whats to spin a spin like a doscey dough Oh you need a magnet and glass This is awesome。

🎼二。Yeah， yeah， yeah， I love how you guys think。🎼The。I need you going back to California？Hi， everyone。

🎼ふ。You had a chance to meet some of my students， perhaps you also had a chance to be charmed by some of them。

We have put together a wonderful little。Binggo Car just like this with all eight of our students。

 and it would be lovely if you could kindly select using your bingo marker and just select your favorite student。

Do that now， please。They were very friendly and nice to talk to and I thought I could win the We War Cha because I try to make them feel as young as possible because they were old。

Honestly， I thought I had a good shot at winning when I was talking to ladies because I talked to a lot of them they all seemed to have such a great time that I thought a lot of them would end up voting for me in the end win the challenge All right。

The votes have been calculated。It was a landslide victory。The reward challenge winner is。Mat。ですよ。

Thank you。When mystery announced that I had won in a landslide I just felt on top of the world here was our first chance to prove to mystery how good we can be and I won so I'm thinking what a recovery from the first time and I can't wait to see what I get as a result of this victory Thank you very much for participating。

Gentlemen。I'll see you back at the house for your next lesson。Thank you， guys。My。It was great。

 I felt like I was in my element， so if we ever have a pickup artist show for the over 60 set。

Look no further。Coming up All right， pull out yours the guys get their first lesson I need what we call an indirect opener。

Then they hit the town to show off their new skills I need a female opinion。Oh。

And later the students face their first elimination everybody is nervous that they might be the one going home tonight。

 including me and so it begins。Does the lady seem like they really like you？🎼电花真的。Hey guys。

y good to see you again。Come gather around we have some lessons We're all hanging out in the kitchen mystery Am Mattador and Tara show up to give us our first lesson All right。

 pull out your notepads let's get to business This is what we've been waiting for like all the time we've been here we've been waiting for like some instruction on what to do。

Tonight is going to be your first field test， you're going to be judged on the most fundamental of things。

To approach and open a set， all right， so I need what we call an indirect opener。

A direct opener is where you turn to her and say。Wow， you are very beautiful。AhGe， thanks， Yeah。

 that's a routine compliment。So we need something different。We need something indirect Hey guys。

 did you see the phy sign who lies more men are women Okay。

 get this I have a buddy of mine and you're off to telling a story。

 We start getting into actual like verbal openers， these great stories that like make women think and actually get them to be engaged in what we're saying without putting out that vibe that you you're hitting on them。

It was literally like being just given the secrets to the universe。

I'm not concerned with anything right now beyond opening and hitting a hook point。

 this is the point where they want you to be there。

In order to improve the chances of you reaching that hook point。

You do what we call an FTC or false time constraint if I， for instance。

 were to say I can only stay a second I've got my friends here。That would be an example of an FTC。

 so while you're speaking， as you're telling a story。

 you may actually get up and look like you're about to take off。

You'll be talking kind of over the shoulder， it looks like you're leaving He taught us not only lines to say but how to present ourselves the correct way to put our body he told us the best way to even stand I had no idea that I've been standing wrong for 26 years so you know it was great to learn the right way to stand when trying to pick up on a woman guys。

 take what you've learned today and practice work on your openers。And cement them into your mind。

 because tonight your first real test begins in just a few hours you'll be approaching the real deal。

Young， single， attractive women in a club。Matt， since you've won today's reward challenge。

 you win what is inside this bag。This is my secret accessory， I will teach you how to use that later。

All right， let's split up into some groups so that we can do some opening exercises with each other。

When someone comes up to me I want them to be super fun and exciting I want it to feel like they're having such a good time and because I'm hanging out with them I'm gonna have good time with them Brian and I went off with Tara and we had really individual private training which was kind of cool because I mean there's a girl for us to practice on like practicing on a beautiful woman as opposed to like。

Practicing on Ryan。was a real plus a eggg is a statement or action one makes to briefly disqualify oneself from being considered a potential suitor I need to throw a egg into my conversation you know you can dress her up can't take her anywhere。

And the results should be laughter。And that's the purpose of a egg and you need eggs if you're walking by a group of girls。

 right？You can just turn on。An example of a eggg is Lady。

 I am not going to make out with you Another na is Lady stop me， my eyes are up here。

So I made up this other one pull my finger。But I don。

 I don't think that would like really work until like they're， they've had a couple drinks。

 So I probably won't be using that anytime soon。Hey guys。

Do women find make Jagger attractive Would you guys ever date like a guy named Herman and you can go with something that makes no logical sense such as I like pickle juice and just stop wait for her to respond What do you guys think about girls and tattoos The difference between going out tonight and going out last week is I have so many more tools that I didn't have That's great Well done。

I also had the confidence too。All right， so this is my secret accessory。

 I've been using this to great success and it is now in your capable hands when you reach in there and grab that。

kindAs a result of winning the bingo challengell， I have won a Myster Bos and he gave me a private lesson on some of the great ways to use that Boa in the field so I want to lock the girl in with the prop。

What appropriateSo that's one of the uses this is what we call a lock and problem he showed me a couple tricks and my plan was to put that into use in the field。

Thank you M。 Joy， all right I'll see you in。Hey， would you ever date a guy named Herman， Hey。

 do you think Mick Jagger is hot？Snight's our first field test， and I'm feeling a little anxious。

First of all， I know that somethings be eliminated not to mention too we're going to be interacting with girls got invited to go on the Mon William Show。

 which personally is a fear of mine pull my finger。

Tonight is the first time my students will be in a social setting。

Armed with the proven techniques that we've taught them。

 I'll be looking to see how many sets they can approach and how effectively they can use their new opening material this may be a small step in the grand scheme of things。

 but for my students it'll sure feel like a giant leap。Hi guys， I'm。

The goal of tonight's field test is to open sets and reach the hook point。

 use the tools that you've learned as effectively as you can to do this Now Matt。

 I see you have your accessory on yes sir I hope you've put it to good use in there and it works to your advantage I'm going give him my best shot Now gentlemen the stakes are high because tonight's winner will be safe from elimination。

I'm very nervous because I know that if you have one bad night and you don't get picked for immunity。

 literally like it can be over in one night， good luck。And game on。Coming up。

With their first elimination approaching， the pressure sets in。sure。And later。

 there was nothing about any of your performances that impressed me last night。It's game over。

Good luck。And game on。Fingers crosseded。There is bring it mat Matt is in and he's got his mojo look at that scarf of mojo so I've got the new makeover I've got the new clothes。

 I've got the new smile now I've got mystery scarf。If I mess up tonight。

 I've only got myself to blame。Yeah。🎼Thank you。Use the scarf， she was looking at it。

 she was looking at the scarf， using it back forward。What a waste of an accessory。

Time started creeping up I wasn't going in to open these sets and I said I better do something。

 this is exactly what happened the first time we wanted to cup he has a wonderful pleasant personality he's just not engaging anybody I'm a little disappointed。

🎼You like this。Finally a girl approaches me and I've never had that happen in my life and so I didn't know how to respond I would give it to you。

 but I think it looks better on me I'm sorry right。Don't be a thing。Okay。

 he's using his new accessory now it' going work I'm myjo Let her wear it she wants to hold on to it she likes him I got？

Oh， she's saving her friend， this girl is saving the girls need attention I don't want to believe I mean。

That's how quick a set can end。I was expecting greater things from me too。

And here's Tom there's her boy All right he opened the set say。🎼Theres his smile。 Great smile。

 They love to smile。 You know what you smile。😊，And he just threw his first name。

thing I only got suck it I got go meet some friends false time constraint minimizes discomfort is staying calm。

 cool and collected this right here。🎼自外机。🎼色的白。能。She just said that his hearing was sexy。

 hello IOI Ho IOi this is a free heard about。Did I get a glass now？Are you serious？🎼谢死 that。

She is giving him a drink and toasting him bravo Todd did a fantastic job I think he fulfilled tonight's objective。

Here he comes here he comes here he comes here he is Here's a yeah he looks different good and into a set right away go right in Do you know who Andy Dick is？

I used to take like Martll art up and he's really surrounding， so I just took。

 took through the ground and just shoved it like forearm and his throat until his basement turn purple。

嗯。It's completely true。来没事。Oh snap。🎼Excuse me， I got a question for you guys。 Bo。

 he just entered a two set。 What do you guys think about tattoos。

He' is really calm to get his name tattoo。De needs to start talking to the other girl her friend is getting bored。

 introduce yourself to the other girl this girl is being ignored。Like her friend's turning off。

 you lose the friend， you lose your set to you。He was doing so great some people shoot themselves in their own foot。

And there he is， hey。He's giving love to the room immediately and Ryan looks so much better How we doing He's engaging everybody you guys know Elvis died is there。

🎼Heelvis， he。 he acknowledged the man first， well done。 This is a coret。

 Way to be non threatening He。I know， but what if he didn't？

I you ever thought about that Not just by engaging the man first he's given him permission to talk to the girls I gotta go my friends。

Alight's doing tonight。🎼お夜のけ。My can' say only I got go meet。

 my friends take get you picking on something。Have a good one。Oh， that's just wrong。

I get your opinion on something。I' have a French， she's a pized model。

Its basically mean she's normal waited。🎼I got get going。I think six girls was just too many of room。

All right， there he is， he is Sion's presence is unmistakable， look at this。

 he enters in with a great energy。Ladies， I got a great question for you， I need a female opinion。那。

Oh。The audacity to just turn to somebody who's just friendly like approaching a group of girls's tu up of man that guy needs to have someone tell him All right。

 so here's the deal。What was their problem but what a bitch I'm thinking maybe some more here since what do you guys think his energy is too high Hey。

 quick question you guys believe in spells？He's open to five sets He's doing a really good job talking to the whole group Here's the thing Do you actually think it's a spell or is it just a psychological thing because he's really into her now。

Thisches up in this book she just saidt she was like she just said young bored andt really understand the male I do when you immediately get hit with total whack。

 bad energy entering a club， it's kind of hard to shake that。There he is， Eddie's off。你一该。

Do you guys think that spells work and he goes in with the spells open and I'm asking is my buddy。

 he was talking to this girl and like he totally wasn't into her like she just wasn't his type。

 but now he can't get her out in his head。He's engaging the entire set。

 he's talking a little too fast though， he need to slow down。Do you guys live here in Arizona？

Just completely got blown。That was a weird way of leaving。Carl he's talking to himself。

 he's thinking too much， okay， calm down。Right now he has paralyzed with fear。

Standing there with like no drinks， no friends pacing back and forth， looking around the room。

 I felt like I was just at lower value so at that point I didn't know where to go from there so I was actually pretty disappointed in my performance tonight。

Yeah。Here we go， here he comes， here he comes here he comes All right work that aro Oh work that his hair could open set Whats up ladies I've got a question Do you think the rock star Mc Jagger is hot He's just open a one。

 two， three， four， five set but he's not engaging the guys What's your name？Go I Brian。Nice to meet。

I like pickle juice。Oh my god， of。🎼啊，这个就是样。おだげないか。I love this guy 1% further。

 there's something very endearing and likable about this guy what's up guys I got a great question。

Do guys know the rock star McCagar？🎼Dめ。What's up on Brian。

all he's good engage everyone like he's 70 and my sisters7。

He's putting great vibe out there he's got expressiveness， he's got character， he's and。も滑めるよ。

venueenue now。あは。バイム。by。I get to get back to my friends out。Opening and hooking sets， in my opinion。

 a+。Coms our guy， Kevin， Before I went inside the club， I was sweating， I was nervous。

 I actually threw up in my mouth and swallowed it so I'm like oh agree my mouth's gonna smell now Hey guys。

 quick question ladies here you guys a guy named Herman Kevin's already in。

 You got a friend like he's a really hot guy's really cool but his name sucks You got his name changed about two weeks to Steve they getting a star you name change I was second out cactuse on the way over here he said the word cactuses。

I'm just like what the does that sound right， easy on the cutsing， so I go online and's tact time。

you know he's cursing too much ladies guy Kevin needs to bury his openers。

 he's using the same one again and again。Her yeah it's a name Kevin is only talking to the girls who's not engaging the whole group See this man right here Why didn't he introduce himself to this man and pay respect to the men first seriously would you a guy named Okay he needs to get off the opener ASap guys as a Midwest kind of girl。

Kevin has an air of desperation。Good time good time this girl is talking to him out of basic politeness It's time to get out of there All right。

 P to meet you guys。Gus take care， right？Kevin's a little miscalibrated he doesn't know when to roll off he's not be the group he goes into his opener and he stays on it for way too long I just found myself fumbling kind of jittering and just kind of screwing up not to mention I didn't acknowledge a the guys I had it written down it was in my notes but when you had to combine that with all the other contingencies that I had to fulfill it just got jumbled up。

Hey guys。What a difference you have each successfully opened at least one set。

 some of you multiple sets you've taken what we've taught you and you've implemented it。

 you're proving it to yourselves that you can change。

But there was one of you that looked like he was having the most fun and the most progress， in fact。

 this person's enthusiasm was infectious to us。And also all the women he met。

 so the winner of tonight's field test is。Brian。When I heard I won the first field test。

 my mouth had just roed， was like。🎼在他。I totally did not expect it at all it's obviously you paid attention in class today and I'm very proud you implemented a lot of things Thank you Brian because you won the field test you will not be going home this week you are now officially safe from elimination you also get to choose two of your friends as your wingmen this will give them immunity and protect them from elimination as well so choose wisely we shall reconvene tomorrow night and one of you will be going home。

🎼In that， gentleman。Even though it's only been two weeks now， like like they're my family。

 they're like， they're like a hair on my butt。Like I don't know what to do。

It's going to be a hard decision。elimination ceremony How do guys feel about it nervous I'm nervous I'm really nervous Yeah everybody is nervous that they might be the one going home tonight including me the only person that feels safe right now is Brian。

 but Brian has been kind of upset about having to pick two wing men。As of right now。

 I still don't know who I'm going to pick because I just love these guys。And it's going to be a hard。

Decision。I felt really guilty。🎼I just couldn't。I just couldn't enjoy it。I'm sorry。

 this is just the egg。Did it bathroom rent to that door。🎼You right。Yeah， I'm just nervous。

just go out there， spit it out。That's菜。Right了。I want a way man that would collaborate with me and work with me so we can get on to our next level in this game。

F。Coming up。Who will Brian save I need your answer now。And who will go home？🎼It's game of。

Good evening， evening， welcome to your first elimination。Every week。

 those of you who will be continuing on with us。Will be awarded a medallion。

Each medallion symbolizes your level of advancement。

 the one who collects every medallion and makes it to the end。

 earning the final red medallion will earn the title the pickup artist。

Tonight we will award the white medallion， this is the symbol Burke Cannon， which represents rebirth。

And new life。Here are tonight's seven medallions。🎼嗯。Brian。You won the first field test last night。

 therefore you received the first medallion， go ahead and take it。You earned it。Thank you。

Which two of your fellow students would you like to say from elimination？I need your answer now。Greg。

To。Todd。You stayed calm。You weren't threatening。At the end of the evening。

 you even scored a drink from one of your targets right， good work， thank you， thank you， Greg。

When you were。Engaging a set consisting of two women。You completely ignored the friend of the target。

And you lost the set very quickly。Now you need a lot of work still。Greg。Tod。Here are your medallions。

So three of you can go， I'll see you soon。There are five of you here。

 and I only have four medallions left。Ban。You approached so many sets last night。

 but you left those sets before you could even get rejected。Carl。You entered the club strong？

But after one rejection。You completely。Flippped out， you didn't recover soldier。

And charge forward to the next set。Simimeon， having lots of energy is a good thing。

But you take it way too far。You were scaring the women in that club last night。And Matt。

You were given a special accessory to use in the club。And you really didn't take advantage of it。

 that scarf is magic in my hands。Kevin。You let your cursing get the best of you。

 and that turned women off in your sets。What's worse。

 you were completely unaware of the discomfort that you were creating。And so it begins。

The first of these four medallions goes to a student who ended up， as I recall， opening a six set。

Ryan， you are safe。You may take a medalalion。If it wasn't for a last minute save when a woman noticed your accessory all on her own。

You would have bombed last night。Now I know you have more game than that。Mat。You're safe now。

 you may take him a di。As you can see， there are only two medallions remaining。

 and there are three of you， and believe me， this is a tough decision for me because there was nothing about any of your performances that impressed me last night。

The next student who's staying with us。Has a lot to learn and quite a bit of work to do。🎼Simimeon。

You are safe。But。You need to gain control of that energy last night was completely out of hand。

Please take one of the remaining medallions。🎼问题。🎼一看。There's one medallion left。

And there are two of you remaining。Obviously， that means one of you will be leaving。

And then there were two。Tara， why should or shouldn't we keep Carl？

Your worst enemy in the club last night was yourself doubt I think if you really start believing in yourself。

 you can go a long way Thanks Mattador， what do you think about Kevin？

And you got to be aware of certain things， like when you're set cringngees。It's good to plow。

 but you keep pllowing。And there' is just no more field left。I'm going with my gut on this one。Carl。

 you've hit rock bottom。And I of all people know exactly what that's like。

But you have to get over your demon dude。Kevin。You're friendly to everyone。

 but your cursing and your repetitive openers really let us down。Kevin。It's gameover。Carl。

 please accept this final medallion and go join your friends。没不想玩去。🎼。Thank you， Kevin。🎼You may go。

The person that came in this house， very uncompetent， very unsure what to do with himself。

In the short time I've gained a lot of knowledge， Myy taught us how to be a better person。

 he taught us how to feel better about ourselves， more confident。

 and I can't wait to take that knowledge， bringing it back home。The time I've had here。

It's been priceless。🎼。Next time on the pickup artist。

The guys get a checkup they won't soon forget isn't going to hurt one bit okay and last season's winner pickup artist Cosmo returns to help the guys jumpstart their game。

But will one man's mistake in the field， I'll bring right back， I promise。

Okay five take him out of the game for good I told you to step your game up。

But we didn't see it do that this week。It's game over。Want more。

 watch extra scenes and episode commentary from me， Matador An Taara at pickupartist。vh1。com。

There's a science to attraction your inners will really affect your game The boys must learn to keep their cool she's like WO W。

🎼How are you feeling comfortable。🎼But can they heat up the club， Let skill kick some almon nutss。

 I'm still so afraid of not being able to really shine as much as I should。

 The pick up artist to on only episode next Sunday10 only on the。

