# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第二季：把妹达人第二季 05(中文字幕）【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Previously， on the pickup artist， a sexologist paid the guys a warm visit。

He's being muuled by a pirate in the field， some were unable to engage their targets。

I don't know what' here。不断泡泡。while ry danced his way to victory。And in elimination。

 Todd's journey came to an end Todd。It's game on。I would to trade this experience for anything in the world。

Up to this point in my life， it's the best thing I've ever done。

Tonight the guys learn how to pick up a hired gun Is that what they dress you up in？🎼通了家门。

But when confronted with bikini models in the field。

Old habits return I was at the W last weekend in New York as they walk away he's chasing them The girls are supposed to be chasing you pal so how come you're not sweating？

Am I failing these people， he's not using the material。Four have been eliminated， now five remain。

Whose game will end tonight。One man has discovered the secrets of attraction and has become the world's most famous pickup artist。

 his name is mystery， known the world over， he and his team will teach these secrets to nine men with zero gain。

 transforming lives and turning lovable losers into irresistible ladies men。

Who will become the next pickup artist。I'm going to make a prediction it's Todd walking through that door。

I thought about it， don't know。I can't believe it's totter grid， unbelievable。我我。好吧哦。早さ？🎼よでが。

I am pretty bummed out that Todd laugh， we've built such a great relationship with each other and just sucks was it？

あす。It's tough to be here。And it's tough to make it through each week， you know。

 it's getting down to about the third quarter now gentlemen。

 you have to take the big risks now you have to do it if you're playing it safe you're going to be gone。

🎼We can。We got a phone call from mystery and he said that we needed to meet him at the Scottsdale Plaza Resort。

 I don't think you know really any of us had spent a lot of time at resorts。

 maybe it hit something do with a pool party or something to that effect。Thanks for coming。

Every single one of you currently has a game that specifically lacks DHVs or demonstrations of higher value。

There are two key components to DHVing。 The first are the nonverbals。 Secondly， this week。

 it's verbal DHVs that are important。For today's reward challenge。

 we'll be attending a woman's charity auction。Yeah。And one of you， my friends。

 is going to be the take home prizeze。🎼But it was a little surprising when mystery told us we were going to be auctioned off。

 I immediately started thinking of auctions where the guys are strolling down model style。

 I don't really see myself as a piece of meat。 Today。

 you're going construct stories that you will be delivering to a group of women。

 They're going to choose。Who they want to go on a date with。

 the man who gets the highest bid will win the reward challenge。

The winner of today's reward Chaenge will win Tara。

In Field tomorrow night Think about how cool it is to have a girl on your arm when you enter the club。

 she will give you a great competitive advantage over the others All right you've got 30 minutes to practice let's just see how much your value is worth。

🎼In dollars。Good luck。Mystery said one of the components of the auction would be that we would have to give a story that had DHP spikes so my thought process was that women participating in an auction of this nature would be interested in men of higher caliber so the dean of the school nominated me for this prestigious wine and cheese making study scholarship in Tuscany Italy I actually invited these two girls to come along with me and my Sherparekking guide we actually got caught a Mon soon I'm the kind of person who love to have fun and show love the people if I get a chance to meet a lucky lady tonight I'd like to do the same thing for you。

Okay。は。开始。A the stage my second home。How many of you like beef？

I'm actually board member of a theater troop。I don't know how to start off。Damload on blind dude。

Say you want to tacos。All right。Hey guys so check this out one day was I just had the munches for tacos so what better not of a place to go than Tijuana you know？

Okay， all right。I was a little bit nervous because I didn't know what I was going to say。

 I had like ideas like scattered all over the place。🎼我们玩看。Sax。Yeah。Good afternoon and welcome ladies。

 thank you so much for taking part in our charity Bchelor auction today。

 we have some fabulous gentlemen for your bidding pleasure。

 put your hands together and help me welcome our guide。

Standing a stage in front of a room full of beautiful women。

 I am so intimidated my ideas like scattered all over the place。I don't know。Coming up。

The guys vi for the highest bid I don't want to bra I just want to tell you that I'm a great person and they learn how to approach the ultimate target in pickup the bikini model。

Oh my gosh， you have like the oranges。Can I have everything seen。Then in the elimination room。

 it is no laughing matter he cled up last night。It's game of。

Put your hands together and help me welcome our guys。

We're participating in an auction the contestant who has the highest bid will be the winner of the reward challenge all of the proceeds today go to Los Pos at phoenix benefiting the charity defenders of children the highest bidder will take home a spa package and a romantic dinner at Remington's put your hands together for our first bachelor Bryan。

I'm Brian with the eye for intelligent。🎼I love to travel。

 I've never really spoken to like this many women at once before。

 I was high on excitement and nervousness。 And I didn't know what to expect。

 It was my first time going to Entanada。 So I went to go look for some white people。😊。

One of the girls， I actually dated them for about a year， it didn't work out so well。But。

She taught me one great dance。It was called the screwdriver。

We're gonna start the at 25 for Brian 25 right here， 75，75， number 17。

 It's just so awesome having them drop signs and fighting for me。 I'm just Brian。

 I'm not like King George guys I see5，50 for the dance5， look at that booty shake，5。

75 right 575 going once。75 going twice。S 75 it is。It's probably interesting to go out with the older women because that cougar might be able to pass me on to her daughter。

Which I am。Aiming for。I went over to Tuscany， I studied with their master winemaker。

 I came up with a quick anecdote about me going to Italy when I was in college。

 I took some poetic licenses with my story but the ladies don't need to know that she showed me how to make wine。

 how to pairt with food， how to just enjoy life， but I was able to leave a lasting legacy to future generations at the school as the Italians sayLa Dlcevita。

 the good life， thank you。🎼All right， let's start the bidding on that 25 right here Do I see 5075 by see 100。

 Do I hear 25250 the bidding more started And it was exciting。

 It just kept getting higher and higher and higher and I was thinking really over me。

 That's quite a shock825 we see8，58，50 number 44，850 going once。😊，850 going twice。Right right。

 sold850。When it finally ended and I think the amount was $850 I thought I'm the man to be our next Bchelor is Ryan。

 the stage is my life I love theater I am even a board member on a theater。True。

🎼This older Jewish lady comes up to me and says， I'm doing a play。

 and I think you'd be perfect for the romantic League。 Well， needless to say I'm a little flatter。

 I get a。😊，Hold on to and have these lovely little scenes with all sorts of pretty little things。

They weren't necessarily being as responsive as they probably should have been if I expected to earn。

Big bucks for the charity start the bidding at 25 number 40。

 20757575 we can take you to theater he can write you sonnets and sing them to you at bedtime Look at those legs Oh yeah。

 you want to go sunba with that I started trying to do whatever nonverbal demonstrations of value I could think of look at that but those legs 450 going once。

450 going twice。All right，450 it is。All right our next bachelor today is Simeon Yha I don't want to bra or anything I just want to tell you that I'm a great person I was actually in India and had a chance to go trekking in the Himalayas The first part of the journey we actually got caught into monsoon it started ha down and pouring rain It was a little nerve wracking being all these women who are potentially gonna to be bedding on us if I got a low bit that would leave me feeling like I'm not very valuable for a special lady today I would also like to possibly go on a fun spontaneous adventure with you thanks。

I don't know what he's gonna to say next， but if you want to find out， start bidding 25 right here。

 5000 right here， 175250，375500525 going once 525 going twice and I've never had any woman potentially want to pay to date me it was a pretty big ego boost knowing that like somebody would actually pay to go on a single date with me Our last bachelor is Greg。

🎼At this point， I'm certainly nervous because Greg's a good looking guy。

 He might just went on his looks alone。 He could tell a story about a ham sandwich for I knew and still win。

 my name is Greg Fs。 and I was born and raised in Salt Lake City， Utah。 but don't worry。

 I don't have seven wives。😊，I only have three when I was 19， I made the decision to commit 24 months。

 two years on a service mission。 The first thing that popped into my mind was my story of me doing a twoy service mission I was hoping that it would maybe pull out their heartstrs a little bit and I'd be able to get the highest bid that service mission had told me how to work。

They taught me how to speak to people and to taught me how to serve。I left a boy。

And I came back and man。🎼很近。Start the bidding for Greg at 25。

$100 right here up front 125 up here at75 when the beating started I saw a lot of little paddles go up so I thought a lot of people are beating on me hopefully Ill be able to be mad625。

675 at this point I'm thinking is it going to be or is it going to be me800 for。

Can you beat that smile， all right， 800 going once going twice？800 for 40。

Can you be that smile All right， 800 going once going twice？Anybody， come on， ladies， good cause。

So the 800 for 40。The winner of today's Auction is Matt with the highest bid of 850。

Not only do we have fun at this reward challenge， we were able to raise over $3，000 for this charity。

 defenders of children， and theic on the cake was I want， and I get Tara as a wing in the field。"，🎼。

🎼I made the mistake of trying to be comfortable instead of trying to be fashionable I made the mistake of being charming and handsome。

 I apologize。 Hey guys， join me in the kitchen。That was really fun to watch Now that exercise will have value for you on a different type of woman known as a hired gun First thing that comes to my mind when I hear the term hired gun。

 I think it's someone dangerous from a wild to Wild West or someone like hardcore。

A hired gun is a woman who's hired for her beauty， the bartender， the gogo dancer， the bikini model。

Now we have to come up with some specific routines that are suited for hired guns。At the beginning。

 we need to initiate the chat in a non threateningre way。Uploader DHV spikes very quickly。

 much more quickly than you would in a normal set。🎼RightOnce you've done that。

 then you need to close quickly。 The last thing you want to be considered is another customer trying to hit on。

 And that's where the egg comes in。 All right， let's practice some openers。

 Let's imagine that Tara is a hired gun。 Let's start with you， Matt。

Is that what they dress you up in？I cut。Whenever you neg， it should be a good thing。

 A egg's reaction should actually be laughter。I've seenne unclearlier。'm Greg hi Tara。

 we're having a huge pool party in my house， probably this weekend。把了去干嘛？

He went straight from opening to a number close， who the hell you think you are。Wow。

 you look just like my half brother。It must be the highs。

What is this facial expression Oh where's you whered you go Hey， I'm the swimsuit model liking guy。

Turn it down， man。There's an art form to this， you need to convey your real true personality using some form of material。

Tonight's a very special field test that I've set up for you。

 there's a company called Diane Swimwear and tonight they're hosting a bikini fashion show and reception。

And we're all invited tonight's field test objective is to get as many phone numbers and options as you can the winner of tonight's field test。

Will be safe from elimination。All right， practice， practice， practice。

 I'll see you tonight guys when mystery said we would be going to the Diane Swimwear fashion show。

 I can't say I was looking forward to it because right one I thought I'm starting to get a little more comfortable in the club environment。

 here's a whole different ball game。Oh you want to practice on meat， I put pen diamond in the bikini。

You're the most orangeest tan girl I've ever met。Damn， I'm blank。Sw me。

Everyone was getting ready for the field test and I suffered a little bit of a breakdown。

I'm trying to find something that's going to work What do you got All my stuff doesn't work and this thing That's where we create new stuff I'm I know So what's step one right？

I don't know Nick， right， Yes， Nick's going to be your neck I have no clue。Ass you well no。

 I wear my heart on， I just believe， so it's hard for bring it up to go into a situation where I know I have to get。

I have a certain agenda to a certain degree and try to pretend that I don't when I'm on stage。

 at least when I know what my lines are or whatnot。

 I'm fine you use the nervous energy to proel myself you know it's funny though but rum is I don't feel like know the lines that's the misover you know the lines because there are no lines so you can make up whatever you want those become the lines。

Before this field test， Ryan felt that he would have to misrepresent himself when approaching models and he did not feel comfortable doing that。

 so I really tried to help him work out those emotions and understand that if you're going to fail。

 fail spectacularly I feel like a du It's a blank piece of paper you could sing whatever you want and it's correct。

And at the end of the day， Smon and I will still be giving you a round of applause。All right。

 we're going to go me some pretty late tonight， but that doesn't even matter。

Because we're accustomed。Let's turn off the Boy girl dynamic here。

There's something classy about you I've noticed。Let's exchange numbers。Picking up hired guns。

 it's essential to demonstrate higher value efficiently。

🎼Or these professional beauties will simply walk away。 They're working。

 They don't have a lot of time。 The hired gun field test isn't an easy one。

 The student who delivers tonight will successfully obtain a phone number or an instant date。

 or even kiss a hired gun。Watch out girls。All right， guys， your field test tonight。

Is to pick up a bikini model。Going into tonight's field test。

 we're going to have to approach swimsuit models。 I don't usually talk to models or models in swimsuits。

 hired guns， impossible sets to work。Or are they。I've worked as a hired gun for years and years。

 I've done bartending waitresing I've done at all and the most important thing is that I don't want someone to come up to me and talk to me like a piece of meat and throw a bunch of pickup lines at me I want someone to talk to me like a person like a buddy Matt。

Since you won this week's reward challenge， Tara will be acting as your winwoman。

Having one beautiful woman by your side can help you attract the second woman going into tonight's field test。

 I have Tara as a wing， I am excited that I have this advantage whereas at the same time I don't know how to utilize it。

 it's not going to be easy in there。Good luck。We here the guys。🎼尤气 tell me what you like like。

The girls on stage have been very girls that these boys are going to meet at the reception just the fact that these girls were in bikinis just blew my mind away'm。

Bikkini fashion shows that is so mystery material。After the fashion show is over。

 we were actually expected to interact with these women。

 which was a little bit nerve wracking I think for everybody。I have Tara a wing。

 I'm excited that I have this advantage that my colleagues don't have。

 whereas at the same time I'm stepping into what I feel as a lion's dad。There he is Greg。

He's now looking for his first set。Rdem yourself from last week， man。There you go open。

Oh that's just so now he's hover now you're hover now he's looks like that is hovering。

And the girls know and now they start to move and it's over the end。🎼Do you want to switch。

It was very， very adorable but you pulled it off very well Wow I don't know how big the set is but she's the hottest one in it Are you from an agency here in Phoenix or do they hire Are you he's not using any of the material it's an interview he's going back on the interview。

So how come you're not sweating？It what was your name， by the way， man？And gone ouch， that's painful。

 that was a painful goodbye。Am I failing these people he's not using the material if you use the material and he failed great。

してこと。And here's Brian。What's up quick question， Do you guys think David Bowie is hot？

He's got no he has no fear and I give him big points for that seven， two， three， four。

 five people Are you attractive to older men？Sometimes。I'm Brian。I like bigger juice。

I'm in a cave room but because just all night he's really trying。

 but you know what it's time to inject。Yeah， I was at the W until last weekend in New York with my friend Sarah as they walk away he steps in。

 he's chasing them The girls are supposed to be chasing you pal。🎼说は。Dll coating， help me。

 help me crossed， drill coat help me， help me。そい。They need to listen to the woman and be able to tell when it's done。

Oh my gosh， you have like the orangeest tan I have ever seen。I'm Brian。

okay the was too harsh right now， five girls around you just exploded away。How's it going。

That's really hard to watch this is hard to watch it was like six models that blew me off。

It just gave me the look。And that look just made my heart like。Like drop， I'm like， oh， I screwed up。

I have to sit down with these guys and train them because sincerely。

 this should not be happening at this stage of the game。Okay， here's Ryan， here's Ryan。

What is that that's the 360s He just did a scoping out the room in a 360 and then some you guys having fun？

Oh yeah totally all right， it appears he is now locked in。With a three set。

Check it out the other people。early he called her on it that's good he reengd her she was wandering off and he's like get over here chocolate chip cookie good every now and then。

 but give me an oatmeal raisingisin cookie any day。But you know like？You don't like them。

This girl is legitimately interested in him， he's leaning back and he's conveying all the body language of an alpha male No I actually have a friend she's actually a plus size model。

 but yeah shes a。He needs to say， hey， it's okay if I talk to your friend here for a moment。

Get permission and then isolator。I'll leave you guys to do your stuff。

The window of opportunity opened itself and then slammed on his fingers at the end of all that talk。

I'm disappointed。All right， Tara， Matt's next， so we'll see you in there。 All right， okay。🎼。

There they are he's a much less threatening guy he's got a beautiful woman on his arm， absolutely。

🎼I can't do it。Ma right now has approach anxiety that is arresting him I'm nervous。

 I don't know what to do。When I went to the field with Matt immediately he froze up。

 I did the best I could to talk him up and help him through his mental block right。

There's nowhere to go。I know I don't think she can talk him into opening the set I'm literally freezing up。

I don't know how to break out of it Nness just welled up in me all the successes I've had up to this point。

 just start to Peterer away I'm literally watching myself。Deconstruct， and I'm like。

 I can't let this happen， I can't let this happen。🎼No， I can make it。 Yeah， I can do this。 Yeah。

 absolutely so。Can you for a second。If you think hungry or something， okay，🎼Okayい。Don't choke。

 just listen to Tra and enter the set， it'll be fun。Today is a great day。

Me and my friends just completed a caper。we are parting like it's the end of oceans  you've seen Oceans 11。

 right？He's going to be rewarded when Tara comes in to just blow them all out before they eject。🎼Hey。

 how are you， good to see you again。Are you guys from Southern California or and you probably have like a big old SUV。

 right？Yeah， you haven't written all over yet。🎼Like I don't know， no， she's got rid。

Like I don't care about the environment to hell with everyone。I got ready。Hey Tara， get out of there。

And leave Matt to finish up。All right， I'll see you over there。So you're a hand model mostly， right？

 let's cool you up。They're only slightly manishshed， I mean， they look good。🎼你先在。I'm not insulting。

So。No， you have very beautiful hands。I'm seeing no lock in， I'm seeing no move。

 all I'm seeing is a bunch of banter。🎼What's a pleasure for me to go。Take care Sha， bye bye。

He just can't pull the trigger。I am disappointed with every single student I've seen so far tonight。

Hey， hey， hey， well， that was fun。And a lot of talk about nothing， mat， oh my God， yeah， I know。

And here's Simeon。🎼好子干单。s and he just opened a four set of guys with one haughtie nearby very good let's see what happens Arizona is such a fun let me tell you and you guys seriously party nonstop。

Dear you， I just got them done like two Did you get aic？

I did not get a pedicure you think I should do that next up。

 where is a good place to get a pedicure around now？All right。

 let's see if you can get the phone number from the same girl Matt was talking to earlier。

How in Oregon。That goodh。Wow， I might just have to try that。

 but I like maybe get your phone number and you can take me out like sometime next week。

That would be awesome about pedicure he's trying to get her number right off the for the pedicure let's go next week and these boys are going to call him out on his game。

Like let's go get pedicures together， we'll do， we'll do it like a whole party， you guys down。

 you guys want to all get pedicures together。哈哈哈哈。😊，Siimmeon。All right， cool， what's your number？

His identity is one that these hyper girls like， flamboyant， eccentric rock star， fingernails。

🎼What can I say like pretty girls you call down that promise。She's saying。

 do you promise I don't like getting I got to excuse myself but it was nice meet me ladies it's a pleasure。

He did great， got a number from the same girl that Ryan and Matt couldn't handle the guys and they were in a set with guys already and just shut them out I'm proud of singing。

Hired guns are particularly tough， don't you think？

Only Simeon was able to get a hired guns phone number。

 and that was from the girl that Matt you were unable to get a phone number from。

Even with Tara's help。So for that reason， our winner tonight is。Simimeon。Yeah。

I was actually able to number close one of the models。

 which is something I couldn't have dreamed of a month ago but here I am talking to a beautiful bikini model and she's giving me her phone number and wanting to hang out with me I think that has definitely been my biggest success so far Simeon it's really clear that you've been listening to the lessons and you've been using the material and it really showed out there so congratulations you really really deserve it Simeon。

 you're officially safe from elimination。The others are on the chopping block。

I'll see at elimination tomorrow night。As far as the people possibly going home， I'm one of them。

I really don't know what's holding me back at this point。

So I'm not progressing and I really don't know why。Coming up。At elimination。

 mysteryster shows his frustration with the guy's progress we're getting down to the final stretch and frankly I'm going to need to see more out of you which student will be left out of the final four game。

You still think you better depends on what mystery is going to be looking at I think my actual set once it was open was successful but I had the huge freeze up at the beginning。

 which is bad。Especially considering I had Tara you know。

 there's a lot of different factors going into the elimination which make me worried first I had the major freeze up at the beginning second of all。

 the fact that sent me a number close to the exact same girl I didn't I mean these are cardinnal sins that。

In a lot of ways， I don't know if mystery can forgive。

It's entirely possible that my failure to number close will be the reason I would go home this week。

I know that I've made a lot of progress at this point， though， I'm still a little uncertain as to。

How mystery sees my development。Welcome。Grab yourselves a seat。Hired guns are tough， aren't they？

We're getting down to the final stretch。And frankly， I'm going to need to see more out of you。

As you can see， there are four medallions， and there are five of you。Tonight。

 some of you will be receiving the orangerange medallion Upon this medallion is the symbol Jra。

 which means the promise of success。Although several of you got pretty damn close to completing the objective of the field test。

Only Simeon was able to get a hired guns phone number。Simimeon。

 last night you were able to finally harness your energy。

 therefore you are the recipient of the first of these four medallions。🎼Thank you。

All you have to do is keep doing what you're doing。Right， just clean it up a bit， thank you。Thanks。

Three medallions。And four of you remain。Tonight， one of you will be eliminated。Greg。

You became uncertain。I saw hovering。Just focus on keeping with the material and what you've learned because it really works。

Rightan。During the field test， you were completely surrounded by women。Bikkini models， man。However。

 once you got into that set， you lost it。And in addition， what was your attempt to isolate a girl？

None of those bold forward progressing moves ever took place with you。

 where's the desire to actually make it happen to get the girl？Brian， way too much nagging。

 you clowned it up last night。Cowns don't become great pickup artists。

Instead of using Tara to your advantage， you initially froze up out there。Matt。

 we've seen you fail to pull the trigger many times now you know what you're doing。

 you just need to have faith in yourself and go out there and do it。

The first medallion goes to a student who showed us some considerable improvement this last week。

His game isn't perfect yet， but he needs to trust himself to take greater risks。Mat。

You are now safe from elimination and grab your medallion。🎼你个真。Yeah。Two medallions。And three of you。

The decisions get tougher from here on out。 The next student to get a medallion is someone who I still believe has enormous potential in this game。

 This person could be a great pickup artist。 I'm just not sure that he knows that about。Now， Greg。

 just imagine how far you could have gone。If you would have used what we taught you。

Come get your medallion and join your friends。🎼一个。One medallion remains。And there are two of you。

One of you will be going home。🎼。We down to the last medallion。On the one hand。

 I have a student who's playing the exact same persona， the same oneNot song， every single set。

 even if it's not working for。On the other hand。I've got someone who showed great promise at first。

 but seems to have chosen not to utilize what we've taught him。Brian。

 the biggest thing is to listen to people。Just tighten your awareness。You were speaking。At the girls。

Not just to them。Ryan。I think the positives are you open， you locked in。

 you held the set for quite a bit of time， but you didn't go anywhere with it。

The interaction has to go somewhere。Brian。Its gameモ。Ban。Please take the final medallion。He earned it。

Thank you。🎼Da等。All right， friend。Thank you。🎼mego， thank you。We'll miss you。 All right。

 I'll miss you guys too。 You're br， Take care。 All right， bye。🎼是什么？

I'm feeling pretty bummed out sucks that I'm leaving today。 I'm going to miss these guys。

It's like an empty feeling。Like I'm not going to have my buddies next to me。

 I made life lasting friendships。I've learned so much， not just in the game of pickup， but also。Life。

I'm a new person。I'm ready for a real KISS Infinity SSs。🎼。🎼On my lips。

Instead of a manic in this time。Or a guy。Next time I'm the pickup artist。

The final four contestants go to the grocery store to shop for more than just melons。

But one takes things a little too far。Then mystery teaches the students how to work with a wing man your objective is to make out with your target the pressure is now on and the guys proved there is power in numbers in the hottest field test yet。

But one man is unable to close with a kiss you don't kiss that's a pickup artist that's what we do man this is the most difficult decision i've had to make there can only be one pickup artist。

Want more， watch extra scenes and episode commentary from me Matador An Taara at pickupartist。vh1。

com。🎼Yeah。After lifetimes of defeat， I realized wow what a failure I am not only does he look sad。

 but I feel sad for him these lovable losers with only four people out it's maker brain turned about to change the game which of you is a better kisser。

That'sI could point to last night as a life changing moment for me the artist I feel I'm finally entering manhood on only new episode next Sunday at 1 only on VH1。

