# 15、谜男《把妹达人真人秀》：把妹达人第二季：把妹达人第二季 01(中文字幕）_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Last season， we introduced you to the world's most successful pickup artist who goes by only one name。

Mystery。Forign e von Markovvic mystery was the ultimate geek rejected by hundreds of beautiful women girls didn't even know I was alive。

Driven by frustration， he developed a foolproof system for attracting women。

 rising to the top of the seduction community Mystery has been featured in the best sellingel book The Game and dozens of magazines。

Women have a certain number of attraction switches。And I know what they are。

I'm petrified with trying to go up to a woman Last year。

 eight romantically challenged men put their fate in mysteries hands together they proved to the world mysters groundbreaking pickup techniques really do change lives and Cosmo was crowned the pickup artist now Cosmo travels the world with mystery and Mattador changing the lives of men who are just like him just opening your mouth don't be scared to experiment it is not just about picking up women is about building a light。

And now mystery is back let the game begin this time around the challenge is even bigger I am a 28 year old Virgin I've never really learned how to socialize。

It's pretty horrible when people ask you， had you kissed a girl before I'm like， yeah。

 on the forehead， but I don't really say oh it's my mom because it's pretty embarrassing。

Mystery returns with his wing man， Matador。And a sexy secret weapon。Hi， guys。

Wing woman Tara I had such a good time last season on the pickup artist but this season I'm so excited to be here in a whole new way I'm really going to be able to get down and dirty with the guys and give them the woman's perspective I am a woman so I know What a bit understand the male。

These nine romantically challenged men will take part in the most ruling eight week boot camp of their lives and this time the girls are hotter I'm going to go over on my lovely assistant here。

Ero。The challenges are bigger。Likes seems like it look at the heart go and the club's even scarier Oh my gosh。

 you have like the orangeest I have ever seen。Five girls around you yes exploded away tonight on the season premiere。

 the students meet the man himself。This is going to be the greatest challenge。

Of your lives the newbies hit the town to show mystery just how much they need his help not only does he looks sad but I feel sad for him I just ended up standing there like a creep bird it was really bad and later mystery drops a bomb that leaves everyone stunned。

One of you is just not ready for this。One man has discovered the secrets of attraction and has become the world's most famous pickup artist。

 his name is mystery， known the world over he and his team will teach these secrets to nine men with zero game。

 transforming lives and turning lovable losers into irresistible ladies men。

Who will become the next pickup artist。🎼，I'm taughtd， I'm 26 years old and never have a girlfriend。

The thing that terrifies me is you know I've made almost no tangible progress since high school how would you describe our relationship Just friends。

 we're good friends we oh yeah I'm still that guy that girls just see and they're like he's my emotional outlet。

I'm Ryan， I'm from Portland， Oregon。I am a 28 year old Virgin。

I've never really learned how to socialize in the sense of just going out This is long fellow I currently snuggle with at night it's nice to have something soft too。

🎼S please at nighttime。Yeah。🎼记不清。🎼気切めな気きめない。🎼From your head to your toe。🎼我走了。You make it so good。

 I don't want to leave， but I got it hi。Hi guys。いか？I over here， don't be shy。

 we're not going to bite。So welcome my name is Tara。

 I'm one of Mysteriess wings Here is Ta from this first season of pickup artists and she's standing in front of me now and she' is even more regardless than she was on TV。

So how do you like your new home I think it's pretty awesome it's awesome。

Myster is really excited to meet you guys and he'll be calling soon with some instructions in the meantime。

 grab your luggage， find room， settle down and get ready to go。🎼ほな there。Oh my God， I'm Son。

 I'm 27 years old and I am from Los Angeles， California right here。

at one time I just got off living on a boat， you know， just sleeping in a bunk at night。

 it's a little bit lonely， got a little blackfoot for the occasion just planning to fill it up you know with a。

Digits the thing about loneliness is that it plays tricks on you it makes you feel like you're the only person in the world that is lonely like everybody else is totally satisfied your life Love you are a bitch but still I come cove the so wish you or mine I have nobody to like make me feel that somebody else really cares for me gotta give Donalds test I'm Carl I'm 21 dude I call top I work at radio show。

So I just sell electronic goods， but also I play the guitar。Itsy， I'm Carl， by the way。

 that experience is so important to me because the only girl that I've ever really。Been with。

She was cheating on me。🎼Aved out my。🎼We a sport。Like after I knew for sure that she was cheating on me。

 I still stayed with her for about three months。嗯。And。With Mystery's help。

 I'm going to be able to find the girls that are write for me。Ourr work is awesome， right。

 chick shaving？My names Matt in my head， I think women perceive me as this Austin Powers Lauren Hutton crossover hybrid I've got like that like I shave in like three minutes later like So I've got the space of my teeth and then I've got the Austin Powers rug coming out from down under so I just am very self-conscious of this like if I let it grow I can look like the 20th hijaer in like three days when I go up to a girl if I even go up to a girl which is few and far between What happens is I do get apprehension because I always think that oh she doesn't think anything of me oh she thinks I'm ugly I'm Greg I'm 26 when I approach a girl I initially feel very。

 very nervous and my voice starts the crack even more than an already does and that's when they usually turn around and start talking to their friend。

The steal out the view out of our way。I'm not a virgin。

 but the last time I did to sleep with anybody was about nine years ago and that was the first and last time I ever did。

这个。This is awesome my name is Brian I've never kissed a girl before that's pretty horrible when people ask you had you kissed a girl before I'm like yeah on the forehead。

 but I don't really say oh it's my mom"，🎼It's pretty embarrassing A lot of times when I meet fine looking women。

I usually spell out words， pretty hot in this HEAT to prevent myself from stuttering。TWOL cool。

I'm Carl nice to be my name is Kevin I'm 21 and I'm from Ann Arbor。

 Michigan What's your story right are you from somewhere else I'm Portland Okay okay that's where you got that tan。

I think mystery is my absolute as resort because it's just spent so many times now that I've been shot down over and over again and usually for most people like I have at least one or two successes。

 but for me right now I've had like not literally zero By the way what's your name I'm Alex Brian hey 22 I'm Alex 22 from Oassa。

 Oklahoma I'm a janitor at an interior design store。Women always see me as gay， which never good。🎼それ。

Go chain， yeah。Hey， I wear it when I go out or sometimes just wear it for fun You look like you roed the mystery can I feel I have you Yeah it looks heavy it's really the rate I'm at now 22 year old Virgin living at home like there's nowhere to go but up。

🎼呵呵呵。😊，I you like my glasses？What is that noise maybe Something's ringing。🎼Oh。

 it's this phone right right here。 How do you answer。 Probably just touch。 Oh， welcome， gentlemen。

 I am mystery。 mystery。 It's a pleasure to meet you。

 Are you ready to begin the most incredible journey of your life。😊。

Good well let's not waste time I want you to meet me in my wings downtown fair All right there's a bus waiting for you outside be ready to roll in five minutes later later it's all going change fells。

 it's all going change。I think mystery is going to be very intimidating to me。

 he's the best peab artistist in the world like the movie Willie woncom the Chocolate Factory I've gotten in the Golden Ticket I get a chance maybe to have mystery。

 teach me how to talk to women and have them be attracted to me。He's a pioneer in this。

 I mean if I were to make a list of the people I'd really want to meet in my life， he'd be。

Right up at the top of that list， it's pretty daunting， it's pretty intimidating。

a little nervous guys ready butterflies who's got the butterflly that the butterflies that's for damn sure I'm really excited to meet mystery I was really。

 really nervous just the closer we got to meeting him are people nervous now because now I'm getting nervous we arrived and oh I was I was freaked out。

Yeah。I can't do it coming up。These social misfits meet the master himself a。Eisttry。

Your new life begins right now。Later， while mystery and his wings look ons in the house。

 the guys dive head first into the line of fire。It looks like this is like a sp on table right here。

 you know， we're a fun crowd。He is the annoying creepy guy right now and later。

One of you is just not ready for this。Are people nervous now because now I'm getting nervous？

But I can't do it。あはは。Meeting mystery was almost like love at first sight。

With his cowboy hat and his medalion necklace。I was like， this guy' is smoking balls tonight。

It is a pleasure to meet you。All of you。For those of you who do not yet know who I am。I。And mystery。

How often you get to unequivocally say that here's the moment that my life is going to change and that's the moment。

 the moment I see mystery， everythings going to change。

I'd like to introduce you now to my wings first， my wingman。

 this is Mattador The best thing about this job is actually transforming a person's life。

There's nothing better than somebody to look at you and say you've changed my life and it's a privilege to teach these men。

And you've already met Tara my wing womanman early at the house right Hi guys。

 I really believe in so much that mystery teaches because so many of these guys they need help this is about bringing out the best parts of yourself。

Now this is not going to be easy。This is going to be the greatest challenge。Of your lives。One day。

You will be so good at this that you will teach it to your sons。You feel me？

Now I'm hoping to discover my next。Purtiing。Someone to travel the world with us。

Someone to transform the lives of others。Only one man。The last man standing。

Well walk away with a check from me for $50，000。Only one man will earn the title。a pickup artist。

Picking up women is just the tip of the iceberg。Gentlemen， your lives are about to change。You want谁。

Are you ready？Good， because you're starting， not tomorrow。Right now。

Mystery drops this bombshell on us that we're going to be starting tonight and my job was already down here and it went even further it was like a cartoon I certainly wasn't ready now we need to get an idea of what we're working with。

The club behind me。Is right now teaming with hundreds of people。Many of them are beautiful women。

All I'm asking you to do。I go through that door。And meet them。

The entire club has been equipped with hidden cameras。And we'll be watching your every move。

And hearing your every word。Inside our surveillance truck。Strarap yourselves in， gentlemen。

And let the game。🎼Be眼。Yeah。Hey， there's Kevin。Going in the club by myself。

 I just started sweating profusely， I had swamp ass， like my pits were drenched。

 I was trembling almosts。What are you guys doing down here。

 he went straight in so they know that he's trying to hit on them am I digging too deep？

Could I dig a little deeper？Is it just me， was that line a little bit vulgar。

 I wouldn't even say something like that。They're getting out fast。He's got some balls。There is。

There's our guy。Look at this moment， he knows what he wants to do。Come on， do it， do it what kind of。

Oh， now we in again。🎼什么桌子。あけ。Here comes my big pickup line that I'm ready to unveil。

What drink are you drinking there that was it and I realized wow， what a failure I am is。Out。

And there's our guy， let's see how he rolls。Looks nervous， looks anxious。

That ask you guys a question real quick。Asking if you can ask a question， not so good。

It's pretty cool， like what are some other really good places around here？

There's an element of disingenuousness， I'm trying to start a conversation with you。

 I'm trying to pick you up。Yeah， yeah， yeah。🎼Give it a that。 Give it a that。Here comes Greg。

It's kind of kind of like an intellectual artist thing going。Hi， ask。아저네。Does it ever get cold here？

Arizona。咋这啥？likeking。最まだ。How can we live here？Wna raise。This set is going nowhere fast。

I donHe's putting down the place that she is currently living in why？Well。

 I got to go find the bathroom and that's the。And done。Here's our next contestant。

You guys's been here before。perfectHe has a smile。Arizona。

It's a two set and already the obstacle is turned off。お十ペし。Extra whitening。

 don with really nice deep， they're really white。は哈。That's kind of cute。

 but it's not going to hold her weather's awesome about her。到位他。Turn her back to him。Just walk away。

There's our next boy。You can look sexily dishevellled。Like that。🎼G。If I've got a table。

Bring some girls to me and then I'll let you snack on my girls It looks like this is like a fun table right here。

You're the fun crowd。He is the annoying creepy guy right now。Coming up。

Mystery and Matador prove why they are master pickup artists You're a I like each other you。

And later I've got some important news their students get more than just a makeover for you。

 it's game over。🎼哦哦。🎼we go。I looks like this like。Right here， you know， like you guys are like。

Having all the fun near in the bar， you're the fun crowd。He is the annoying creepy guy right now。

And head over。All right， here is our next cat。a makeover。あだ。This man has already his pants。

 he's walking around like he had his pants， I think he has。Your friends leave you alone。

But it seemed like you got kind of lonely just sitting over here looking at your iPhone。

Looking at the phonen。He has no clue。There he there he is。

 he is just blasting right through there he has just passed so many cents。

I want to try to get a bottle of budweiser， but can you try this card first？

Don't waste too much time getting a drink。There's girls to your right。This man is dying in his head。

 wanting to talk to this two set， and he has nothing to say。We always just busy on Tuesday nights。

I'm going say I should move out here， Mindy。He had her interest for two seconds but he couldn't hold it This is what we call conversational locking。

Bling bing bling bs in the house， I think he thinks that's peacocking。Yeah。

So she puts up in comments on his necklace and he does nothing with it， he says absolutely nothing。

Not only does he look sad， but I feel sad for him。I just ended up standing there like creeper just looking crazy。

 that was bad， it was really bad。First， I respect that you had。

The audacity to approach groups of people without a game plan。But now you need to see how to do this。

If you can't do it in jeans in a T shirt， then you shouldn't do it。Now I'm known as a fashion misfit。

And tonight there will be absolutely。No crutches。I won't need my hat。

Now it's your turn to go into the surveillance truck。🎼Watch the monitor。And see how it's done。

Myory is like a Greek myth， okay， like you've heard stories about them。

 supposedly this man who can just like pick up any woman exhibit， but oh， it can't be true。🎼好啊。Well。

 I'm ready to lock in。You think you hot go music touch you guys。

girls just started to rub him on his chest。just walked in are you talking about？Thank。Ex exciting。

 I see mystery doing his thing， it seems almost impossible that somebody could get girls to be attracted them so fast。

 but he was proving me wrong。🎼はい。I aren't you adorable， I'm going to even be a hug。

 but don't expect much of a break conversation。🎼あ哈は。I'm James， it's nice to meet you。

 who's all your friends？Can I'm James look Mike make friends with all guys to make friends with everybody Hey look what I found this is Kimberly Michelle Are they cool cool off？

Yeah。🎼没 you们。🎼对对对对对对。It's just like。Watching lions in like a shepherd's band just like。

I didn ask him about campus。He met her like like I。Hello I'm here。

 you're a friend and I like each other， are you right with that？No doubt about it what he does work。

And I want him to teach me how to do that。Wow， I want to be a pickup artist。That was the best proof。

You know， they went into the same place that I just came out of a few minutes earlier and I was like a total wreck and they went in there and they were just having so much fun。

Rumber closed， done。Thank you， sir。When I was watching mysteryster of Mattador。

 I was so envious I want to be able to own a room like they do Does it look like we had fun in there Yeah would you like to know why？

Yeah， because we did。Picking up women is fun。And easy。Your new life begins tomorrow。

So you better get some sleep tonight。You're going to need it。Honestly。

 like I just can't wait to learn from mystery or Mattador like like it's like Christmas because I know I'm going to wake up and learn。

The masters。这里带领。Mr。 gives us a call this morning and he said he's going to be taking us out。

 working on our look， our clothes， and I'm really excited。Good morning， morning。

Do you look like the type of men that are？Sexually active。Now ask yourself why or why not guys。

 if mystery walks in the room， you don't know anything about him， but you'll give them this。

Give him that much and it starts from there now how does that translate when we walk into the club boom。

 boom， boom， interest， interest interest who is that guy exactly？

Alex that gold chaint you were wearing last night Yeah what is it made of Its is made of copper or's made of copper as soon as she feels that it's not real it lowers your value just chuck it Okay okay I want each of you to create your own unique avatar now an avatar includes much more than just your clothing it includes well in my case。

 accessories completely superfluous what's this for what's this for？

Think accessories because they're sexual， there's no other reason to wear it。

Today we're starting over this entire clothing store。Is our playground， let's play。やばい。🎼。

🎼That's kind of that。🎼悲上。🎼大け。The shirts are kind of nice， what about one is like a white shirt。

 I think I can do white。🎼It's a culture shirt。Good， good start。Damn Brother when， you' dealing drugs。

 pull them back aside， try something else off。I was thinking something along the lines of those Argentinian tango dancers kind of thing。

No。This is your report， pick something a little bit more unique。🎼Stid。🎼你。🎼我去。Let's go Dont with。🎼No。

🎼Yeah。🎼值得。Oh my God， go like this！Yes， I would definitely notice you in the club and zip up your fly。

In the store， I kind of felt lost in a shuffle。I didn't know who to go to， I didn't know what to do。

 said I don't know fashion anytime where I feel that sense of uncertainty approach。

 it always rattles me。I just feel like I'm a long stints。

you know everybody elseI need to figure out some ways to just out how did like to just turn off my brain don't put yourself down and don't lose confidence and just like believe in yourself and that sounds so cheesy but really true Yeah the rest of us are really like going gunhole。

 let's make this change in ourselves like we want to meet women and Brian seems like to be like well I want a relationship but I don't really want to change everybody is insecurities you know like I do everybody does。

Okay， there's nothing wrong with that these guys have so much to offer the world they just don't know how to do it and I want to help them discover these hidden parts of themselves and make them the best man that they can be having somebody you know。

 actually connect and you know， support me and whatnot definitely help me get through that rough patch。

It's okay， like it's okay， it's like this is going to be hard and it's okay， okay。

 there's nothing things often are。Hey Matt how you doing Dr。

 Boto mean you have mystery called so I've got the space in my teeth I mean I was really selfcons about it so mystery and the wings sent me to the dentist to get my teeth fixed。

After the clothing store， you went straight to the salon， my mom cuts my hair。

 so this is the first time I've ever gotten professional haircut。

I am still a V IR GINm really happy about that No I want to get like late Oh my。

If they want me to put on a big chicken costume and go running through a park just to get over like insecurities I'll do it。

 I'm completely open to try new looks and new behaviors and everything。🎼Where。Okay， go。

Part of my soul is left， I think， wow， no， they cut it， oh my God， oh my god。

It was pretty much unpropped childbirth。Yeah。Good。I'm going to give you a six test？I had a forest。

 sometimes it's popping out of my shirt， it's awful。🎼Okay， here we go。🎼It looks like a hair bagel。W。

Oh， that was the worst one had。Mystery I hope you're happy。Ho stuff right， hot stuff。🎼Coming up。

The guys revealed their new avatars， Teara and Matador。はよ。And later。

One of you is just not ready for this。I've decided that one of you is going home。

The chain's definitely my security blanket。 If mystery tells me to throw it away。

 I'm going to throw it away。By being a joke to tall women。呃。🎼Kevin how doing。Listen。

 we came by to celebrate your new looks。Okay， so grab the boys。

 we're going to have little barbecue and go over them。Let's do it。🎼Yeah。

So good the basic emotions that a person is going to feel when they see you what do you think they're going to feel this guy exudes like some kind of like actual sex vi which I had zero before with the facial hair you look kind of like terrorist life Yeah I was out of someone been long a some have been sexy well done。

Looking good。I think it makes you look a lot more pulled together and older and more mature I think you look really great saw a little bit of pamp when I looked into me。

🎼哈了 back养眼。🎼H了 back。好。We are。I love that that。あして。You look really clean。

 really nice and put together exactly， I think you would super slick， congratulations。🎼GQ yeah。

So what do you guys think？It's a 180 degree turnaround from the gold chain。🎼。

We look like Kung fu master of the universe。This is like so cool， you know？

So now what we need to do is get some lovely ladies in your life。Sounds good， okay。そな。

I think it's kind of a rock star look rock stars have a good time。Congratulate you on your new look。

 Carl， thanks the rocks。🎼し。🎼要 ready。When a person sees you。

 what do you think they're going to feel like mystery said， sexual activity。

 I think they're going to feel it now。I would not recognize you from what I saw earlier today how do you feel now I feel great and irrigate aspect of how I look。

's partyy。え？Hello， Mr。Does someone say barbecuebe welcome， you all look different。

You look really good。I've got some important news from gather around。

All of a sudden he just puts on his game phase and I'm like， oh， you know， something's， you know。

 something's going down right now over the course of the past few days。

 I have gotten to see your interactions with women。With each other。With my wings。And myself。

And I do feel confident that there is a pickup artist amongst you。But honestly。

These same observations have led me。To another conclusion。🎼Yeah。

One of you is just not ready for this。I've decided that one of you is going home。

One of you is just not ready for this。The voyage ends for someone。Right now。

I've decided that one of you is going home。Nobody knew what to expect because we were so new and everybody had such a bad display at the club the first night that everybody felt like they could be on the chopping block unfortunately one of you is not ready to begin this journey with the rest of us I did not impress ministry and Mattador whatsoever I started to get more and more nervous I mean no one wants to be the first ones at home I have trained thousands and thousands of men。

And those men have a spark inside。And I don't see that spark in one of you。The other night。

 some of you went up and were able to open up。A set or two。Several of you could not。Necessarily open。

But at least you try。But for one of you。Even when a girl came up to you。

That person still couldn't respond。Even when success is handed to you。

You're just not ready to accept it。Now it pains me to say that for you。Alex。It's game up。

They'll pack your bagss。I'm feeling like disappointeding in myself。

 I might just have to go home and do it on my own just to prove that I'm not a complete loser by being the first one eliminated。

For the rest of you， this is just the beginning。Now I'm going to play the hammer from time to time。

But there is a method to my madness。Get some rest tonight。Because tomorrow is a very big day。

🎼Good night， good night。This season on the pickup artist。Gentlemen， your lives are about to change。

Welcome to the Medical Institute of Arizonarina， what could a doc provide me that will actually help me increase my ability to attract women？

我 Brian。My name is Nancyantha， how are you feeling。

Comfortable we'll be attending a woman's charity auction and one of you。

 my friends is going to be the take home prize。🎼For that， dance。

I'm here to teach you how to become a better lover We start going through some interesting exercises Todd is in 100% pitch blackness right now。

I couldn't find her head， you know， all social interaction goes through a series of phases when you know what those phases are。

 you can get the girl。So how come your next wedding？🎼Not using any of the material。

 quick question for you。 I need a female opinion。🎼然后。

I'm worried that I'm not going to find a man who is worthy of being the pickup artist。

 I want to see some progression， I want to see something new。When you do these moves。

 you have to own it You can't let your fear of rejection overcome you。Here's a big question。

 is the answer yes or no the answer？🎼Is yes。clarity is starting to creep in。

 it's an exciting feeling。 Hey， I you know what a difference This dude goes from zero to hero in one week I'm so proud of how far the guys have come I love all of you guys。

 you guys are like family。 I want to trade this experience for anything in the world Up to this point in my life。

 it's the best thing I've ever done。🎼ギラブイ。🎼You are the pick box。🎼但是我。

more watch extra scenes and episode commentary from me， Matador An Taara at pickuppartist。beh1。com。

🎼不该不该。🎼All right， pull out your know pads that's get to business My gives his first lesson。

 This is what we've been waiting for and the boys get ready。

🎼To moves to the test of Brian I that introduce yourself to the other girl。Here he is， here he comes。

 here he comes， here he comes。Oh， snap。The pickup artist too there was nothing that impressed me last night on only episode next sunday 1 only mH1。

