# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：11._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I don't know if you know， but anytime you're afraid of dogs。They sense it on you。

Animal sense your fear。The bark can chase you if you're afraid of them。

If you have ever had a friend who's afraid of dogs。You'll see that。Right。Yes。Same thing。With fear。

The same thing。We don't say it's not always just fears。Apprehension。Tild eyes。

She's seeing things on your face that you don't even intend her to see， but it's natural。Okay。

 sometimes your palms get sweaty。You know， you're not really afraid of her。You're nervous。

Your heart rate probably goes up a little bit。 you're apprehensive。She sees it。

I can sit in the room and I can tell you that guy's afraid of that girl。

You go and talk to them all you want。I remember。In high school， we had high school dances。

Every Saturday night， a different school in the area would have a dance。

 and wed go to the other school and next week it be at that school。

 notar and another school over there， they'd alternate。And I would see that the guys。

Go to the dances。The same guys would be in every single dance。And they would be sitting there。

The girls would be sitting there。Nothing could make them walk over。Why did they go to the dance？

I used to talk to friend them when I said， you've been to so many dances。

You never go over to talk to the girls。I don't know。Why do you go。

 I like them to know I go to the dances。But you never talked to any girls。 And it was like。

There's always a big main group。And I go over to the girls， I dance with this one。

 dance with that one。诶どうで大がざ。Yeah。我てて。你嚟。 well， you got to stop thinking about rule number one。You。

 you know what I think you need to do。I would tailor make right for you。I'd say。The next time。

You see a girl that you like。This is a。Personal trick。That worked always very well。

I'd walk over to her。And I tell her like this。Could you stand up for a second if she was sitting down。

And I tell her。Just turn around once I want a second and see something。And she would turn around。

And I would tell her。Put your hand here on my chest。Tell me if you feel my heart。Shaking for you。

As you go， I go， no serious。B hand here。Sper hand there。I say her。I could say one of two things。

But the1 I like the best is。I have to tell you something because you don't know。

My name is David and I come from Planet X。And on Plan X， that's how we have sex。

We've just had sex and you don't even know it。If you get pregnant。

 I've got to give you a number to call and I'll take care of the baby。

This might break the ice for you。And you have to be physical with her。

I like when a woman is sitting down and I'm talking to her。I sometimes stop。

And I do another trick of mine。Which seems to。Always be。Very good。In results。

And it doesn't matter who they are。It's a very simple trick。It's not。Rude。It's nothing。

But it does so much。For the woman。No等。Get up for saying。Pmount。Let me look at you， you're gorgeous。

Now you see what I did。I held him by the arm。My body physically touched her body。Right away。It stops。

The feeling， the tension， because right away， you've touched them in a nice， pleasant way。

 They now know you。They know you because they've had a physical reaction with you。

Do you understand what I'm saying？So you do that because you're now getting closer to them without them realizing you're getting closer to them。

And you don't do it aggressively。 You don't grab them to， you know， it's like， me。

 I want to show you something。 You know， you just take them like that gently。Look at yall。

 You're beautiful。You're as lovely standing as sitting。 Any excuse you want。And you stop。

 you don't go overboard with it。Now when you're talking to them and then you talk to somebody else。

 they feel， they physically know you， you've touched them。By touching them。

 something goes through the mind。 You have senses everywhere。

It's the same way I'm sure you go to a club or a bar and a guy pushes you right away。

 you turn aggressive right away。 You're in defense mode。It's not so much mental as physical。

 your body knows。What you just did。You did something very nice。It's pleasant。Now。

 they feel they know you a little better。 It's harder to be。Rule to you。It's a little thing。

It's a physical feeling。You touch them。They felt your body， they felt your arm。

You said something very nice after you touched them。Oh， I like him。

In those feelings that she's getting。Her body chemically told her because it's your senses。

 you feel it。You feel the fingers， don't touch it aggressively， don't go to grab her。This is。Gentle。

You're doing it caringly。She's going to relate that to touching her body。

You touched your body before that guy。There's a connection。

You have to rely on these connections they work。You're going to think what if she doesn't like it？

I've never yet doing that。 Haer。 a will go， get off。

If I went over to her without talking to her and put my hand on her， she might say that。

But I'm talking all the time I'm doing it。Looking at her， not afraid。 I't turn away。

 and I'll do it like。I'm doing something wrong。Flowing， natural。This is the connection。

You have to make with the person。You have to get their attention。

When I wanted to fool around in school， I wanted everybody's attention。

The attention you go after it's the attention you get。She'll remember you。

Nobody else touched her all night， except for you。now I think it's a powerful thing。

From my experience。It showed me it's a powerful tool。You're putting out all your。Ideas。All your best。

Blocks。So can't think of something that's say to you to block you。She's thinking right away。嗯。

Interesting。Interesting is good。She's not thinking， get away from me。

She's not worried about what her friends are going to say。They're all going to be jealous。要。

Came to me。You like him。 No， I don't like him too aggressive， okay。

Anything a friend of her is going to say bad about you is a plus。

Anything they're going to say good about you is a plus。Well， if you don't like him。

 I wouldn't mind going out with him。Doesn't matter what they say。

You're going to have the reaction and you can't have a bad reaction unless she says。

 get away from me， you creep。Hey， I just gave you a compliment。

I don't see too many women doing that after you made them a nice compliment。I haven't seen it yet。

Please， if it happens to anybody， email me and tell me I'd like to know because I've never seen it。

It doesn't sound like it。I did it to you and to you， he didn't feel I was doing anything wrong。

 did you。No。Ch natural。If a woman put her arm on you and asked you to come with her。Are you kidding。

You love it。Why wouldn't she like it？Oh， I forgot。 She's taken。A whole weekend shopping。

 two weekends in a row。 she spent three hours in the toilet。

And she really doesn't want you to notice her。Does that sound normal。Mar， I just looking with a girl。

あ、わ水中ゅ中国三わ水。And there was a guy who was。Asing our how for a drink。And she says no or that。

あ shes she told him that she makes like。That ask why， why didn't he she go for the drink。 She says。

 I don't know。So that happens to the grass。I rest my case。 I told you you can't figure them out。

Yeah对。I liked the guy asked for a drink， I was thirsty and I didn't go for a drink。Okay。Yes。

That's what I'm saying to you， you won't believe in the million years you won't believe the answers have come out of them。

嗯。To test， she gave the guy。 he'd failed。He didn't come after her again， maybe。て我我好倾て咩。你家。系啊。

死 time time。That's right。 I'd like， I live by three。 So I understand that。 I feel that's。

 that's very good。I think we're creating a monster。

 this guy's going to go and fuck everything in sight。But no， he's got， it's a very good point。

Very good。Very， very good。