# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：3._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I make two rules。Do guys have to live by。Half to live by。Not 10 rules。 I'm not God。

 so I didn't make 10 commandments。Okay， I only made two rules。 I'm a little guy。 You know。

 I made two rules， simple， simple， simple rules。When people hear them right away， yeah， yeah， yeah。

 yeah， yeah， and put it away。We have in North America， we have a commercial。For vegetable juice。

 it's like tomato juice， it's called V 8， I don't know if you have it in this country。

But the commercial is the guy drinks tomato， juice or water and he goes。I could have had a V 8。

So it's a big。 We use it as a joke， you know， like remembering all of a sudden。

It's like when you were in public school。And the teachers teach you multiplication or math。

 and you can't get the problem。And then maybe a week later， all of a sudden， it clicks， was so easy。

 Why didn't I see it。It's the same thing。Rule number one。A simple rule。But it's very important。

Who I put it this way， Who cares what she thinks。Now that doesn't mean you're being derogatory towards women。

It means。I don't want to think for her。I don't care what's in her mind。

 I can't know what's in her mind。 I'm always making a mistake if I'm trying to think for her。

 and I got enough trouble thinking for me。You don't think for the woman。

Don't go over to her and think I'm going to say this because she's going to like that or I'm going to say this because she's not going to like that or I'm going to not do this。

That's what happens。90% of the time if you think what's you doing wrong。It's rule number one。

You're forgetting。About everything else， But you're thinking what she's thinking。

 and you're trying to anticipate。Rule number two is even easier。

And we get back to rule number one all the time。 so that I didn't just forget about it。

Rule number two。You， you， you， you， you， you， you， you。

 you are the most important person in a relationship。

Because you are the one who has to direct the relationship。You want it， you are important。Don't okay。

 Oh yeah。 Oh No， no， what you want。Before I start coaching any student。I tell them。You call me up。

 we'll discuss the coaching。But before you start coaching， you have to decide what you want。Now。

 what you want today could change tomorrow is nothing wrong with that。

My what I want changed 50 times。I wanted different kinds of women。

 I wanted sleep with a lot of women。 I wanted to sleep with two women。 doesn't matter。

 but you have to decide what you want today。 Start， it's only a start。

But you have to stay focused on what you want。You want to just go out and date， it's fine。

But stay focused， don't change it。Nobody could influence you on what you want。It's very important。

 you stay focused。I guarantee if I asked any one of you guys what you do for a living。

 what you do for work， you're probably very good in your job。

And you probably do everything I'm saying in your work。But when it comes to women。You close it。

You stop thinking。You're thinking it's difficult。God calls me up one day and he says。

I saw the most beautiful woman ever saw in my life。I looked at her， and I froze。I couldn't move。

I was afraid。What are you afraid of？I don't know。I know what he's afraid of or what are you afraid of。

I say him， is she stronger than you。He goes， no。Do you think she's smarter than you， He goes。

 I don't know。 I didn't talk to her。You think she's a martial arts karate， you know？

She's a spy for another country。What are you afraid of？If you talk her， she's going to bite you。

 she can take out a knife and stab you， you're dead。What are you afraid of？The fear comes from you。

The woman goes out and spends maybe two， three weeks buying an outfit to go out。Spends 2。

3 hours in the toilet， in the bathroom， whatever they do。Buys tons of expensive makeup。

She goes out to meet a guy like you and you're afraid of her。Something doesn't。Work。

You can't be afraid of something that there's nothing to be afraid of。You know。

 if there was something now， I would tell you， okay， if she was a martial arts expert， take a course。

嗯。If she's a rocket scientist， Look for a different woman。You know， what do you think she is。

 You're afraid of that。I feel that a lot of guys are afraid of women。And they either never go out。

 Statistics say they stay home。 They're afraid to go out。 It's easier not to go out to dream。

 The buy magazines jerk off。You know， it's easy。So if you're afraid， that's what happens to you。But。

If you could tell me what you're afraid of， I'll tell you what to look for。You see。

 that's what I'm saying。 It all comes back to a simple thing。 We're thinking what they're thinking。

You can't work like that。Do you go when you buy a cup of coffee to a guy？And you tell the guy。

Could I have a cup of coffee， Fuck you。 get out of my place。😡，Wow。

 you don't think he's going to say that to you。😮，No。

 you're not thinking about what he's going to say。 You want a cup of coffee。It's the same thing。

 you could do it a thousand times， but it comes to women， everything changes。

I'm not telling you to be me。You can't be me。 You got to be you。

 I'm not giving you a system where you have to write down， oh， David X says this thing。No。

 it's something that's going to be easy。You stop thinking about what she wants you to do or think。

You're a free spirit。You know what direction your life is going。

 you know what direction you want it to go。To just。Changes as soon as you meet a woman。不。

You have to stay focused on what you want。You want a girlfriend， you want to meet a nice woman。

You want to take her home？Don' want to sleep with her。 You want to enjoy her。

 You want her to enjoy you。She's not giving you anything。That you can't get from anybody else。

It's not a gift。Oh so precious。It's just this。ok。That's all it is。

There's millions and billions out there。And。You're giving。As much。

 if not more to the woman than she's giving you。You know。I can tell you right now。

 if you go out with a woman and she says， okay， let's sleep with me， but I'm not moving。 You go。

 okay。You do anything， she says。Because you， you feel like she's giving you something like you want a lottery。

You can't look at it that way。You have to do as much to make her feel good。

For her to make you feel good。I resent to women to think it's a gift。

I was telling another story and remind me to tell him the story about the tire。

You know what the tire is。Car tire， rubber tire。I'll tell you that story first。

Guys driving in the country。Okay。I'll tellll you to。And he sees there。 He's driving with his friend。

 and he sees there a tree。Nice tree near a field with bushes right beside the tree。he says。

See that tree over there。 The first time I had sex was at that tree。The guy says， really。It says。

 yeah， and you see the bushes， her mother was standing on the other side of the bushes。

What did her mother say？Oh。Oh。I figured you'd like to just threw that into loosen you guys up。

Guys driving in the country。Ton's day， hot。All of sudden。Boom gets a flat tirere。Pulls the car over。

 opens a trunk。Takes out despair spare。It's flat。He got a flat a few weeks ago。

 but he didn't fix despair spare。 He just threw it in his trunk。

So he takes his spare and he starts rolling it down the road to the gas station。

 He knows the gas station isn't behind him because he didn't remember passing once。

 He has to figure there's one coming up。So he rolls the tire， rolls the tire。

 and as he's rolling the tire， it's hot they go。Maybe the guy's not open today。

Maybe it doesn't fix flat tires。He's rolling。 He's gone now。Doesn't see his car anymore。 He goes。

 maybe I should have put the other tire。 Maybe this tires not they cant fix。

 Maybe the other tires better。 Should I go back and he's thinking and he's walking and he's thinking and it's hot。

 And he keeps thinking everything like you guys are thinking。

Maybe the guy's going to not want to fix it， maybe he's not going to better it， maybe this。

 maybe that all these different thoughts。He gets to the garage。Guy comes out， Yes， sir。

 Can I help you。Take the fucking tire and shove it up your ass。也非常。Okay。

 but you understand this is the same thing。You don't know what they're going to say to you when you get there。

 You don't know what。 You can't think what they're thinking。You can only think what you're thinking。

With no other way of life， when you go apply for a job。You get yourself as presentable as possible。

 The guy talks you， he interviews you When he starts to talk to you， you start to relax。

You know you start thinking， what does he want you to say。

 what would you think you would say you tell him about yourself？

They he decides if he takes you or not。The same thing。🤧。

The communication with the woman is very important。Communications for yourself。Hi， how are you。

I look at a woman， right away。When I see。Tells me if I like her or not。When I'm looking at her。

And she's really nice。I don't like to look at。People's girlfriends or wives。

Because it's just such a waste of time when there's so many women out there。So if I see a woman。

 she looks， I look， I look a boy。 She must spend a long time getting ready to come out because she looks hot。

Oh， and she dressed and sexy。So depending what turns me on more。I tell them。You're hot， you're sexy。

Out of all the women here。I feel like you're a magnet。For me。

These are the kind of things I tell them， and every time it's different。I don't think of a line。

And if I'm looking at a woman， like I'm looking at you and I'm looking at her chest。

And she sees me looking at her。I smile。II don't stop looking。

