# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：13._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

He gave himself a set of rules three times。I would give myself three times。

 He did it more than three times。As long as you don't use force， very small stuff。

 And she's standing there。 when God is going away， I say， okay， But as long as as you standing there。

This is a game or something like that。 You know， as long as you don't wrap or just turn around。 Yeah。

 I don't know。 there's no border。 for me， I was I was there because like I was。

Starting to rear piece of figures because I always went back talking and the border was when they wanted to call the security。

Yeah， that's a good border。That's a very good border。

But as long as she doesn't say something like that or runs the。啊。

I'll tell you before and the next time that happens， okay。I would say to her like this。

 you don't need security。 If you tell me to get lost， I'm a gentleman。 I'll leave。

That's what you say before you go Oh well， then you then run。No， but yeah， there's parameters。

 you know， and what I was saying is。I like the three times after that， he was written。

 but you know what？I might have been where he was。And done it three times and left。

 and it wouldn't have worked。Where he stuck in there And I worked out very good。

 I didn't want to work。 It was just keep up on this day。 I was work I said， no， I won't stand this。

 I'm talking I'm nice to。She starts around like I'm not。I won't stand it。

 I think this was she felt it， you know the。As I said， no， that's not， not how it's going to happen。

 So normally I told you before。 So girl says one time turns around， I said。で and others。

But in this day， it was just， no I。I will keep my power for myself so I。Keep it from。 you good。

 But now you should think of all the other girls that you give a second chance to。

You might have you might have lot， but look， you can't overant， you know？Him like me。

 we do it three times， and it's enough。But。He also， like me， sees there's so many out there。

Three times is really almost like wasting your time， even the third time。

Because I know it goes through his mind sometimes after the third time。

 he thinks to himself I should have just done it twice。You know， because it didn't work。

But like I said， there's no parameters。 You have to go with what you feel。 sometimes your instinct。

 your gut feeling。Can do more for you。Then your rules。You were going to say something。Yes。

 I just want to just try to find out。 try to to。Construct situations like that try try try anything。

XX。系一即系拣老诶系咩就。有咩？We just talking you。で、あとさ丈て。so话。And you want to come on my side or I come on her side and she says I don't like if you touch me and。

My hand on had leg five minutes or three minutes。And so I don't give a shift what she's saying。

For me， standing that border to get persist to persist。Well， you know what you see， I think。

 but you see， Yeah， but you know what you did something wrong。You went to her。Come here。Come here。

You going to her。Gives her that power， that edge。Now she's directed you already。

You can't change that at the beginning unless you go further。You see， he wouldn't give her to power。

He brought her back every time。He didn't go around her to the other side。 He turned her around。And。

 you know， I believe that after the first time he turned it around， she enjoyed it。

They want reassurance to the attention。Yeah， she definitely needed more， no question about it。嗯。

He turned her around。And after the second time he turned her around。

 she knew he was going to do it a third time， and she enjoyed it。Okay。Yeah， she knew it。

I know we two are do。 after two， He's going to do three。 He's still angry。

But the anger was good because he handled it perfectly。Whereas when the other woman said。

 come over here， you should have said。The space right here with your name on it。

Territory is very important。When she's on your territory， it's your rules。On her territory。

 it's her rules。Even if it's the same room， just that she came to you。You want them to come to you。

 you want them to make the effort。The conscious effort that there。Approaching you。

 They're coming to you。They're being subservient to you。You're leading them。It's very important。

 just by going to her。Might have changed everything that she was thinking about you and that split second that you got up went to her。

Even if you wanted to change seats， you make her come to you。そす。It makesた。Why did it make sense？しは。

Should have said。Come over here。She can invite you all she wants。That's a good thing。

You have to get them to come to you。It's very important， it seems silly。

 what's the difference if I going heard you。To a man， it's no difference， but to a woman。

It's important they want the man to lead。She invited you over to your seat。

Right away as you come to my seat。It's more comfortable here。You look better in this light。

I could see your face better。Whatever reason you need to give her。Any other questions。Also。

 what's your point。Biness when you're making up days and a lot of women have to。

So you just want to know get that deal with you like calling one hour before the date or two hours。

 And you never know some kind of story， my grandmothers。or just don't turn up or an or age。我哋十岁。Yeah。

 you know what？