# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：15._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So。I was asked。If I could make a summary。No。In my summary。

I want to mention to you a couple of things。Number one。Goes back to。

Rule number one and rule number two。Although you might not。Catch it yet。

You might not understand it fully at this time。The more you refer to it。And the more you digest it。

 and understand it。The more you'll realize it's very important。

You can go on from that almost anywhere。You can't。Fear rejection。

Which a lot of guys have that fear of rejection。When it happens you're like sort of like， oh。

Wasn't that bad。It's the unknown we fear。Rejection， hey， you can be rejected a thousand times。

And you can be accepted。Once。The once makes up for a thousand times。

A lot of guys asked me those beautiful women you saw that you approached。I approached hundreds。

Thousands。But， I was successful。With more than I could handle。

I was successful with more women than I really even wanted to。I sometimes got answers from women。

You don't ever call me， you don't have time for me。They were right。My greed。I couldn't control。

I saw another one， but I want to try her。I had to have。An Italian girlfriend。

 I want to try Italian girl。 I wanted to try a Greek。I tried a French。 I tried German girls。

 I tried Polish girls。I like polishlish drills。 They're softer。I'm joking。

I had to go through my list。I made a list of everything I wanted to try。And I was lucky。Montreal。

 is it。City of lot of immigration， lot of immigrants。We have French。

 Canadian women that look at sex differently。You know。I'll tell you a story， which summarizes。French。

 Canadian women， because you might have a。Different impression。Most English guys。That I grew up as。

Don't go to the French end of town because they're not comfortable speaking French as much。

I never had that comfort problem。And I got friendly with。A guy。And he once。

 brings me up to his house。To meet， his new wife was older than me， we work together。🤧う。

It brings me to his house。And I meet his new wife。At his mother's house because it was a Christmas party or something like that。

And she says， why don't you go out with my sister。So I take a look at the sister。 She's beautiful。

It's like， oh， sure。So the sister spoke English， but her father and mother didn't speak any English a little bit。

So I'm going out with the sister。And I'm telling my friends， oh， I love French women。

There's so much fun。She used to bring me in the bedroom， in her house。

Her father was watching TV in the next room。 She used to give me a blow job with her father watching TV。

 And I was like， no， your father shouldn't find out。So， one day。I come up to pick her up。

And she wasn't ready yet。So。Typical French Canadian。On hockey night。

They sit down with a case of beer。The TV set， and they drink beer and watch TV all night。 Fri。

 Canadian people love their beer， and they love their TV。So I come in， her father offers me a beer。

In French， they say o tablet， which means room temperature beer， not cold。I like my beer always cold。

 but I'm a guest in this house。How can I take a beer。I'm drinking the beer。 And a guy looks at me。

 and he says。You like my daughter？Oh， yes， he goes。She fucks good eh。I'm like。啊啊。哦。

And I'm not a guy that is lost for words very often。So， okay。I'm sitting there drinking the beer。

 What's going through my mind， You can't imagine。And you see me goes。The mother shas her teeth。

 she take them out。She give good low job。I'm sitting there。 I don't know if he's baiting me or what。

So。A girlfriend comes in the room。And I'm like， I must be red， white， I don't know what。

 but I'm not normal for sure。And I can't drink the beer， and I'm like I'm like stunned。So she says。

 let's go， is my father bothering you。 I go， no， no， no， no， he's not good。 Okay， he goes。ok。

She tells her。He says to her。Do a blow job before you have to take out your teeth。

And I'm sitting there。 I'm going， like。Can we go now， you know， I'd like to get at it。

Get outside you because your father's incredible。 You know what he ask me， she says， yeah。

 do I fuck good。I go。's your father。 How could I answer that How could I'm like。Choose。

My family's like that。couple of weeks later， it's another party。In her grandmother's house。

So I'll have to go to the party。 We're there。And they're all talking about me how red I got。

When he asked me if she fucks good and my friend is there with his wife， her sister。

And he just had a baby with a little baby with a wife。And then I see him talking to his wife。

She talks to her father and to the mother， and the grandmother。

And they start to laugh and the grandmother's husband died。

 but she has the priest from the area over at the house。So， all of a sudden。

The grandmother tells the free something。And he says to me， he spoke English English perfectly。

He says to me。Go in the bedroom， and please bring in。The Jesus that she has on her addresser。

So I go and I pick up the Jesus， and I'm walking into the room like this。

And they're all hysterically laughing。I'm going， what's so funny my girlfriend it says？

Turn your hand around。 So I go like this。And it was a penis on one side。

A big fucking penis about that big。😡，That she says my grandmother and the priest play with that。

I'm like。No matter when I was there， I'm always more freaked out。

 And that tells you a little bit about French Canadians the way they look at sex。

 They're very open with it。 Are they like Brazil， I don't know。🤧When I told my friends。

Not one of them believed me。Come on。 The father asked if you if the daughter fucks good。 I go， yeah。

She says， what did you do， I throws， I told him the first time in my life I ever was so embarrassed。

 so shy， I don't know what to answer。I told my father， I had a good relationship with my father。

I went to her house。And her father's asking me if she fucks good。 He looks at me and goes。

 French people。That's all he said。What it is is。You're never going to be。Not surprised。

What you think is possible。😡，It's possible。What you dream of？

Will come true because you'll make it come true。🤧The homework I gave you guys tonight。

The first homework session that I give everybody is。They have to sit down。And after right。

What they got out of？The seminar or the first session。

Then I expect them to send me an email and I mark it。 I tell them what was important。

 what they didn't see。Because I have to go further， the second homework assignment。

Is to get the Harlequin novel。But。Go to a bookstore。See how big the section is。Go in there。

Pick up anyone you want。 Don't buy an expensive one。I don't know how much they are here。

 but they're few dollars。Take it home。This is my favorite part， and read it。Okay。

I will never read a Harlequinna。Because I get it， so I don't need to read it。通しだげ。配次。Of course， Oh。

 you' going to see that。Go in there。Either you give her the one you read because when you read a paperback。

 it looks like you read it。So either told her tell her I read it or get her one brand new。

 it doesn't matter which one， like I said， it obviously doesn't matter at all give her a present。

It's a good Christmas present。Rapid。So you don't even want to see the cover。

And you give it to you will all be amazed how fabulous it works。I gave out 144 of them。

When I used to buy a girl at present， either it was a rose。For a dollar， those days was a dollar。Or。

I bought these little keychain teddy bears。And I used to tell them。I have a present for you。

 I'll give it to you， when I see you。It would cost pennies。But I would tell him， like。

When you're lonely and you miss me， you have a little teddy bear to keep your company。Oh。

 you're so romantic。 I never bought expensive presents。 The cheapest little presence meant the most。

Important。Stay。Continuous， if you go out with her。You can't give her a halingqui novel every time you want a fuck her。

It's only once you give to that girl， you can give another one to another girl， you can give。

 you know， you can， it doesn't matter， but to that girl， don't do it twice。

Sometimes things backfire on you， so you try something else。No teddy bear。Something， a whistle。

I used to give whistles before I found the teddy bears。Just whistle when you see me。When you walk me。

 you know， something romantic and stupid。Because romantic and stupid is what we think it is。

 but they think it's romantic。 and you're so sensitive。Okay， so。

You can try those and you can think of other things to give them。men。The other homework I have。

 you may cut a list of questions but before the list。

You have to make write down on a piece of paper every time you see a woman。

 what turns you on about her？What she。Looks like what you'd like to do to her。She was blonde。36，22。

36， when I have left to suckccered。Pussy and have my dick in her ass or whatever you think。

 write it down。Give her a number， the third one since I' doing the homework， The first one。

Make yourself a whole bunch of stuff。Not what she's thinking you she wants you to say what you want to do to her。

And if you don't know what you want to do to her， send me a picture。

 I'll tell you what I would want to do to her。Okay。😊， okay， I live vicariously through you。😊，That's。

Now。The last thing for homework。Make a list of questions。Every question。In there。

 do you believe that 60% of the women never have an orgasm？Do you think。

What do you think the most important thing in a relationship is？

How many brothers and sisters do you have？Do you wear sexy lingerie under your work clothes。

What's your favorite color， I like to mix them up with very mundane questions。诶。

Sexual questions not to be 1，2，3， sex because then they're going to think your pattern is sex。

 That's why I say。Put it like， you know。In there。What's your favorite fruit？M。

What's your favorite vegetable。What's your second favorite fruit， What's a second favorite vegetable。

By doing this， when you ask the questions， you'll learn the same pattern I've learned。

You'll see what they mean。Do you like。Take a bathtub a bath in candlelight。

Do you like champagne and orange juice。Do you like。Vodka。

 do you like me or do anything you want to ask them。You want to get to know them。

 You want them to think you want to get to know them。

You're doing it for information to get to know them and to get to know what you want and how you can manipulate them。

🤧All the questions。Are you spontaneous。Do you have a set of rules in a relationship what you do first。

 second， third， fourth？At what point do you sleep with a guy？How many guys have you had。

Relationship with。When's the last time you had a relationship？Who broke it up， you were him。

Never ask what happened。 It's notimportant。Just who broke it up， you or him？Questions。

 you have to think I have when I'm talking to a woman， the questions come out naturally。

I'm actually going to do some more recordings I'm going to put it on our site and you guys can listen to all these questions I've got I was telling I was telling you。

I have such a funny one。I always， well， I'm speaking to the women。I always want to see。

How intelligent a person I'm talking to。So I was thinking one day。

 what is the stupidest job in the world？Something no normal person could ever believe。The stupidest。

 the real bottom of the heap， where if you say it and you say it to a guy they look at you like you're stupid。

And you would be surprised how many women believe it。you know what， good question。

That's what you have to figure out。It's not an interrogation。I want to get to know you。

I want to communicate， they want to communicate。🤧So you think it's interrogation， but。

If you feel it's an interrogation， this is what I tell， if you feel it's an interrogation。

 how else can somebody get to know you？Without asking questions。You know。In anything。

 when a guy commits a crime， they sit down and ask him questions and interview。

Because through the questions， the truth squaks out。You're interrogating them fine。

 they don't like it， theyre not can answer your questions， go to the next one。You're thinking。

What if you and you're breaking rule number one again。

You see you're thinking what I've never had a woman not want to answer the questions excuse me。

 I have to say， I'm going to retract that。I've had women not want to answer the questions。

 and they were so pitifully bad。I don't answer questions。Thank you。

It's better I found out when I started asking questions and I would have taken her for dinner。

I'll stop for a second。