# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：10._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Talk louder I can't hear。Ah， come here， Come here for something。Commer。What's your name？Same now。

 what did you just say to me？No， no， no， no， you just said something。 Now， just a second。

 What is rule number one。 So what are you telling me again，t about Okay， tell me your fear。

 What is rule number one again。Okay， where rule number one is it doesn't matter was the gold things。

 can now tell me what you're afraid of， Ken。Experience what experience I'm sorry but you're thinking what she's thinking。

 What's rule number one。Okay， it doesn't matter so tell me again what you're afraid of。

 I don't Thank you。 You understand what I'm saying。

 I That's what I tell you It's always back to rule number one。 Yeah。

 you have you're afraid of what she's thinking。Listen。One fear maybe that I stay here， and I get。

It gets hurt， you know， Oh， you know what， you you know what， if your fear of getting hurt。

Then there's a special operation for that。They cut your balls and dick off。

And then you have no more fear anymore。You walk around like this for a long time， you know Richard。

You know， everybody's going to get hurt， you're going to fall in love because you see there's other problems here too。

Men， although we want to be macho。We're emotionally weaker than women。We hate to admit it。

We tried not to admit it。It doesn't matter。I go up to women。

And I took a train here from the Netherlands。And I never asked one man direction。 I only asked women。

And every woman I sat downward， I talked to and I gave her my card after。My David X card。

And I told her what I do。I help men with relationships。Oh， and we discuss it。

 And every time I tell them， they go， you're right， you're right， you're right， you're right。

 you're right。Now， I wasn't afraid she's going to think I'm a pervert， I am。If a woman says to me。

 are you a pervert， I go， yeah。I don't care what she said， you know what？

I'm not afraid of what they're going to say to me。 You see， this is again。

 going back to rule number one I didn't make。10 rules。 I made only two。

 The first question you ask me is。He didn't listen to rule number one。

I don't't I'm not picking on you。 Okay， I'm just saying that this is so important。Because。

You have to think what you want and focus。If you're thinking what she's thinking。You can't。

 how are you going to do it， you can't figure， you know， you can't think for them。To understand why。

 yes， I understand rule number one is so important。 It's not， it's not something that you， you see。

 I told it to you。 I explained it to you。 I took the time。But it's filling over your head。

 It's gonna one day， it's going to be like this。Wow， he was right。 It works。

 It's going be an awakening。😮，All right， okay。No， you' going to do more than try。

 but we'll sit down I'll give you some。You see， that's what I'm saying。

 It all comes back to a simple thing。 We're thinking what they're thinking。 You can't work like that。

