# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：4._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I'm enjoying her。If she didn't want to be looked at， she shouldn't have gone out。

 that's the way I'm thinking。I'm not thinking。She's going to get mad me looking at her。

I've seen hundreds of guys。 They look at a girl。 If the girl looks， they look away。

They give them a line。Stupid line。Sometimes I try to think of the stupidest line in the world to say to her。

And I used to go over， I went over to one woman， I says。

I'm trying to think of the stupidest line I could say to you to approach you。And she says。

 I've heard them all。I believe it。And they know when it's a line。

But they also know when you're interested and when you're telling them the truth。It's very easy。

It's hard。The first time， I'm not saying it's easy。I started very young。

So when it was supposed to be hard for me when I was in my 20s， it was easy。ow。

Women are different than men。 We're going to go back to that。Have you ever been in a bookstore here。

Big bookstore in Germany。Hey。Okay。You'll notice if you go into a bookstore。That。The romance novel。

 Women's books。The section is the biggest in the store。Right。Huge。And you read a romance novel。

It's the same。 doesn't matter which book it is。 Its all follows the same pattern。

It's a long story where the guy。嗯。How how do they say that？Courts， the woman。

 I don't know if if you have that， you know， it's like courting， you know。

 takes a while to go out with her。 He's macho， but he doesn't make his move so fast， you know。

He kisses her one night。 and be easier to romance novels。Now I give when I'm teachinging。

I give homework。And the homework is， and I think， I would recommend。Bless you。Sneezed on the truth。

I would recommend you all， now。When I give homework， I put a note， no shortcuts。

If your friend has a book or your mother， your sister has a romance novel， don't go get it from her。

No shortcuts。You have to go into the bookstore， and you have to notice how big it is。

You have to notice。How many different ones there are。You have to buy one paperback。

 the cheapest one doesn't matter which one。You have to take it home， you have to read it。

And what you'll see from that。Is。Thats you can't even begin。To enjoy it。See。

 I never read a romance novel。And I will never read one。And I make all my students read it。Okay。

 it's like punishment， you know。I don't have to read it because I know it what you understand。

You all have to read after you read it， you have to take it， wrap it as a gift。

And then when you go with a girl on the second date。You take the book and you tell her。

 thismayed me think of you， and you give it her。They're all going to look at that and go，Wow。

 you're so romantic。No guy ever gave me a romance novel before。I don't know A guy who read one。

I only know my students at Raham。And I laugh every time I give the homework I enjoy it。

 It's a good punishment， you know？But it's important。You'll learn so much from eating it。

 not the stories unimportant。But you'll read it， the most intelligent women。Business women。

 heads of big corporations and companies。They loved them。

Hillary Clinton reads him she has him on her night table。That's there， You know， like。

Some in by a motorcycle magazine， a car magazine。The muscle building magazine。A Playboy magazine。

You can buy all that kind of stuff。Ca you enjoy it， The women enjoy。Romance novels。

Look in the bookstore， how big the section is。You have to understand the whole bookstore bases its business。

On women buying romance novels。Must mean something。What are they reading？And when you read it。

You'll have a tough time。It's like there's certain。We in Canada call them chick flicks。

Movies that only women go to。There's certain movies you don't want to go。You know。

It's made for women。You go there， you can't stand them， you know？

It's same thing like a romance novel。I have one really good enjoyment。Cause when I go home。

I'll remember all you guys are having to read romance files。But it's。The beauty is。

You'll get a little better understanding on what you're dealing with。

How can you be afraid of somebody who reads a book like that？How did they read that。

 How did they read 20 of them？