# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：8._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Do you tell the girls that the first date。I tell him in the questions I ask him。

 I tell him like this。Do you have a set of rules？You know。

 you go with a guy and you have to determine it because if you。

Have rules I'd like you to tell me them。Because I'll decide if I want to continue。The girl tells me。

I never sleep with a guy for the first month。So， that's very nice。 We'll see you later。

I'll call you number see。You see， you weren't thinking what she's going to want to hear。

 she's not going to want to hear that that's for sure。We'll call you in a month。You know。

 I had a girl I thought I was telling them a story last night。

 I had a girl she used to she tells me when she meets me。I give every guy 12 tickets a year。

 you can have them the first month， you can have them the first week or once a month。Okay。

Liten there。So after the 12th time I slept with her， I stopped calling her。Four days later。

 she calls him and says， hi， hi， so what are you doing， I'm busy today？

How come I don't see you anymore。 I'm just busy。I'll see you again。Yeah， when。

I'm not really sure I have to check。 What do you have to check on the first time I slept with you。

 What do you mean。Well， next year I'll with， I'll call you again， I've used my 12 tickets already。Oh。

 she yelled at me on the fur。 Okay， bye。She chased after me after that。

 he gave me 12 tickets I'm finished。I liked it very straight。I wasn't upset。

Had another girl tells me one time。Don't call me anymore。

Because you found that I'm seeing two other girls。I said to her， no， I'm not seeing two other girls。

 She says， what do you mean， I've seen four other girls。Don't ever call me again。我 said okay。

I consider myself a gentleman， and I tell him I'm a gentleman。He tell me， don't call me。

 I'm not going to call you。About a week， week and a half goes by。Hello， you bastard。

 you couldn't call me whether you told me not to call you again。

I'm not going to call you if you tell me， don't call me。And then she goes。

Do you sleep with all the other girls you see？And I tell them the same thing I tell every woman。

I'm a gentleman。And I don't discuss with them。You， and I don't discuss you with them。Closed issue。

If they ask me a question。I was hoping one guy would ask me a question。I will show you an example。

 but if they ask me a question I'm not comfortable answering， knowing I'm going to get in trouble。

My answer all the time is the same。I'm not comfortable answering that question。

Maybe when I get to know you a little better。It's very simple。啊，本来来来来。I didn't lie to you。

 and I'm not going to tell you a story。That's where you go back。 And you tell them， honesty。

 trust and respect。 you're not respecting me by not answering me。 Well， look， that's what you feel。

 I can't change if you think something wrong， which isn't。But that's my answer。And you stay firm。

You know。I forgot something at the hotel which I hope Dennis will go back later and get it。

 I make a medallion， we we're just bringing it out now， okay。

 it's a medallion around disk you wear around your neck。It says David X on one side。

 it says David X rule number one， and on the other side it says David X rule number two。Now。

We make it。In three kinds， like the Olympics。Bronze， silver and gold。Everybody can buy a bronze one。

When you graduate。You get the gold one。Or the silver one depends how good you are。But that started。

 because。I have the students， a lot of students。I told them。Again， rule number one， rule number two。

 I didn't give you 12 rules， I didn't give you 10 rules， I gave you two。And I said。

 I feel like putting my hands around your throat。And I said， you know what。

 I'll make something that'll be around your throat。It's a reminder。 It's silly。But it's a reminder。

 and when you go out and a woman sees David X rule number one or David X rule number two。

You have to answer only one way。What is that for， I can only tell you about that after I sleep with you。

Because that's what's important。And how could a woman be mad if you're telling him？

I don't want to think about what you're thinking， I want to think about what I'm thinking。

They're not thinking about what you're thinking， they know very well how to manipulate guys。

They love to， like he said over there， when you're in a club， walk away from you。

They know what they're doing。They're not stupid。They know how to manipulate you。So imagine。The next。

God， it meets that girl。He's going to have the same thing。W， she's going to walk away。

She's going to be walking for a hell a long time。Unless she meets a guy who's gay。

They can go shopping together。You could try that， you know， you could say if you ever see her again。

 go， you know what？I want to be friends。 Let's go shopping。

Who wants to be with a woman if the woman says to you？We can be friends， come shopping with me。

 but you can't sleep with me。How many guys here do you think would go。 I did You did it。

 Did you fuck her No， but next day， when I went to club because I was used to。Getting around。To much。

It was exactly。You learn from it too。From everything bad。

 something good can come out as long as you use it for you as a learning experience。You know what。

Yes， and the beauty is。There's so many women out there。

I'm not saying every woman I slept with that I talked to。

But I didn't leave when I went out on a Saturday night or a Friday night or a Thursday night。

I didn't leave till I left with somebody。It was that easy。

Maybe I talked to six girls and I took one of them home。Maybe I talked to two girls。

I never had trouble with good looking girls。 The only girls I had trouble with was the ugly ones。

I was telling the story last night， I forget to who I was telling it to， I went to a club。

And I was late， I worked。Late that day and I went home and I figured out， you know。

 in Montreal we go out like 10，11 o'clock at night， you know， clubs are open till three。

 four in the morning。So I figured I'm going to lie down for an hour I worked late。

I'm going to lie down for an hour。And I fell asleep， I woke up was ready after 12。So I said。

 I'm going to go out anyway， even though I know it's late。

 I took a shower by the time I got downtown was about three。2，33 o'clock。

I go to my favorite place where I know I'm always lucky。I go in。 There's nobody there。

2 older women at the bar。 And then。One girl sitting by herself there。 She wasn't very good looking。

So I figured， you know。There's another saying that I have， it's not the face you fuck。

 it's the fuck you face。So I figured I don't care。Her body's nice。I sit down and start talk to her。

It was the worst。Woman I talked to。Everything she was saying was like， ask her question。

I'm not answering questions。I tried my best charm， everything is like。

You must sleep with a lot of women， Yes， I do。What are you doing here with me？And after a while。

 I said to myself， you know what。If I took her home， I wouldn't want to fuck her anymore。Okay。Yeah。

 get， I got up， and I told her。I'm so glad you did this to me。ok。And people say， and I tell people。

I have trouble with ugly girls。 The good looking girls never was a prop。

 I never had that kind of reaction。 I would have never believed that I would get that kind of reaction from her。

Negative， negative， negative， no， I don't answer。 I'm not telling you。

Ask you if has any brothers or sisters， I'm not telling you what am I going to go fight。

 check your family and kill your brother。Come on， you can't answer that question， you know alone。

Yeah， because I kind of figured out a thinking， usually when。Over alone class nobody。

Yet this kind of reaction very often。 Yeah， again I don't touch。 I don't like that。

I mean somebody try to think about what they're thinking， Why exactly you see。

 now you're not thinking what she's thinking anymore， you're going， why is she going out。

 get out of my life， Go home， Don't waste the air in the restaurant， you know？That's exactly。

 that's what you should be thinking about。No what you'll talk to her and then she was really then I said。

 okay time。And then I went to another club。 and my brother says oh look， there from other club。

 And when she saw me， she went away， she， she left the second place。 I thought well。Good。すやせ。

That is exactly what I'm trying to say。There's always some that you don't even。

 no matter what you don't want to be with them。You you can't anticipate what they're going to be like。

