# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：7._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

She wants you to say yes， because she's testing。 You see if you're honest。 See， I look。

 it's like a test。I bring in my sense of humor to make her realize how stupid the question is because if you say to her now。

That's a dumb， stupid question。Well， you're not going to sleep with her。If you insult her。

 but you could do it， yeah， it's a stupid question。

It's like when a kid asks you a stupid question and you could say that's stupid and walk away。

 but you're supposed to explain why it's stupid。So you cant tell you can't start teaching a woman。

 you go， you make it so ridiculous。That it becomes part of your sense of humor。Go ahead。

I do this a lot I want to what's your experience in the club I experience when I say that。Yeah， sure。

 Well I'm talking to。They go well。 A lot of them get this。Oh， when they ask you that question。

See with me and say， yeah， yeah， you you look great。We're supposed to do that。And if they walk away。

 heck are they're gone。I usually before they have a chance to walk away。I become more interesting。

That's why I like the questions I ask。The list of questions。Questions。

That most guys don't bother with asking。How many brothers and sisters do you have？

What color you like， What fruit， food you like。That tells me。Twice。What it is， if I go out with her。

 I know she likes Italian food。I take her for Greek food。I know she likes Chinese food。

 I take her for maybe Italian food。Ca she。Expects me to take her where。

She said she's going to like it。 I use that later on， Ha no， I'm taking you or I want。

I know what you like， but I didn't want to go there today。It gives you the power and control。

 if they walk away from you in a club where they say to you all you want is sex。

 what are you doing here if you don't want to get guys to approach you because of sex。Walk away。

The ones that walk away。Are not honest with you。Here's where you go back to honesty。

 trust and respect。What are they there for？Why。When sometimes I tell them if they start to walk away go。

Why' did you put on makeup today？Compressed the other women。You have to be smarter than them。

 And if you're thinking for yourself， you can be because you tell them right away。

You walking away why I said something to offend you because I'm honest。

I guess you can't handle an honest relationship。Because that's what you have to base it on。 honesty。

 trust and respect。As long as you base it on that， yeah。

 there's always going to be some woman going to walk away from you。Exactly， little。

 my experience was。I didn't like them to walk away。 Usually if they start to walk。

 I reel them back in。And then I make them feel a little stupid then I walk away。嗯。

Because the next guy she's going to talk to， she's not going to do the same thing to。

But there's only one of me out there。Don't don't forget。They're testing you。again。I sorry。不问他。Oh。

 that's I love that question， I love that answer。🤧I tell him like this， you know。

 it's a good thing you said that。Cause I take friendship very seriously。 I learnt。

To have a good friend。You have to be a good friend。And my spectrum of friends is so vast。

 and I take so much time and effort。With my friends。I'm not looking。To increase my friends。

I'm looking for。A friend， companion and lover。If you could be that， you could be my friend。

 if you can't be that， you can't be my friend because I don't know if you know what it is to be my friend。

Now， I will tell you， in my lifetime。I've only had two women。Who I didn't sleep with。

 There were my friends。Okay。One was my best friend's girlfriend。And he passed away。

They got sick a few years ago and passed away and we still communicate， but she lives。

700 km from my city。 And she is even the godmther of my boys。And she。Before I met my wife。

Used to fix me up with her friends。So she was my friend。The other one。

Used to fix me up with all her friends。And she used to tell him what I like。 And it was like。

It was like ordering pizza and getting it delivered to the house and it opened it。

If you're friends with him。And you got a girlfriend and she's got a friend you could I call my friend right now。

 he' got to go out。 That's what a friend does。But a woman isn't saying， I want to be your friend。

She s to you。I want to use you。Till I find somebody I like better。So exactly goes back to honesty。

 trust and respect。What are you looking for。You just want me to be your friend。

 What kind of friend are you， You have any girlfriend you're going to fix me up with， no。

Of course not。Because she doesn't want to fix me up because then if I like the other one。

 I'm not going to want her anymore。So。It's not honest。

She's not telling you she wants to be your friend。Here。Yon was supposed to do something for me。

And he started fucking a lot。So I'm talking to one of our other associates and they say， well。

 yawn was I go。Leave Yon alone he's busy now。He's enjoying himself。Well， you know't， no。

 I'm not his father。 I'm not his teacher。 I taught him what to do。 when he's doing it。 Let him do it。

I'm his friend。Ca he's going out with women now， I I jealous。I'm happy。That's what a friend does。

 A friend is happy if you're happy。 when you need him， he's there， when you， you， when he needs you。

 you're there。So for a woman to say to you， I want you for a friend。Friendships a serious thing。

 and I tell her， I take it very seriously。 It's not that my friend， my friend， my friend。

I met Dennis。On the phone first， and I would be honored for that guy to be my friend because I like him。

I would say he's my friend， it would be an honor。I'm not saying that till I meet somebody better than Dennis。

Friends don't do that。They use words。Which is like。A shield。First of all， you're right。

 They walk away from you。I like them to explain to them what a friend is。 Then I walk away。

Because they have no concept of what it is to be a friend。

 If you think about you and your friends and the friends you grew up with。

 the friends you devote yourself to。A friend needs you， calls you at 4 o'clock in the morning。

 I need you。 I need some help。 Come over right away。 You're run。

But they have to give something back in their relationship。It just doesn't happen in 5 seconds。 Oh。

 I want to be friends with you。 Sure， could we have a party at your house， no。

Let's have a party at your house and fight all the single girls， you know。No， well。

 how could you be my friend？I'd have a party at my house。

 which I had many times and invited all the single friends I had。Every one of my friends。

 the first time they got。Laid， it was in my house。I had no problem with that。

I guarantee any one of you guys would love to be my friend。

If I'm out with you and I see a good look in women， I go， hey， come here。You're perfect for him。

That's a nice friend to have， no。OhYou want to be my friend。 You want to be friends。

 What do you want to do， Do I have to pay for your movie， sure。I don't do that with my friends。

What I say is。Use the head you're thinking with， not what she's thinking。 She's thinking wrong。

You go out to a club。And she wants to know if you want to be friends。You know， my little son。

He's eight years old， he says to me。I bug him all the time ago。

You're kissing any girls in your class。 I hate girls。I go。You have any friends， girls， no。

They're all bad。Eight years old。I told them you'll change。My other son， he's 14 years old。

 he keeps saying to me。I'm 14， dad。And I heard because he read about me on the David X。

 I don't discuss it。I heard you were you weren't the virgin at 13。So I said to。

Your mother won't let me take you to a prostitute。对看。What can I say。What I've done。

Is the same thing any one of you guys can do。I don't think I'm smarter than all of you。I think。

I know my rules。I don't break them。You know。I have a rule。

If I don't sleep with the girl on the third date， it's over。I don't waste any more time。

What is a guy going out with？A girl for to sleep with her。If I take you to a bar and I say。

You can have any one of the girls in here， but。All of their pussies were sold up。

And their assholes were sew up。And they don't and they don't can't open their mouth more than this。

You're going to stay there。What do you are with them for？I don't。

