# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：1._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

我的阿。What did ever next say。Please give a big。 save the。Thank you。So。I don't know。G4。

But I'll start what I start with everybody。If you don't understand something。

Raise your hand I reexplain it。I don't get offended for that。

 The whole idea is for you to comprehend， to understand。To go further。A lot of guys。Called me。

I resent it。I'm no different than anybody here in the room。I'm not better than you or you or you。

I'm the same。What I've done in my life is easy。A lot of guys。Think。That。There's a magic。

You say some magic words。Like Abercadabra。 And a girl lies down in you sleeper。Doesn't work。

But it's as easy as that。 if you know what you're doing。It's not difficult。You can't be lazy。

Because anything you want done。You can't be lazy。 You have to pay attention。

There are certain things you have to realize。You can't know women。

 any man that says he understands women。He's for sure。 A liar。The second， he's crazy。Where。

We're men and they're will， but they don't think like us。Yeah。How many people here have sisters。

 raise your hands。Okay。So， you know how long。A woman spends in the bathroom， getting ready。

Guys can't spend two and three hours in the bathroom。If you。

 if you have a sister or a mother or an ex girlfriend， you know how they go shopping。

It spend the whole day going shopping， trying on different clothes。If they come home with nothing。

 they're still happy。A man can't do that。We have to understand they can do that。

Nothing to realizeize it， stem。We have to understand。

 understanding what you're going for is very important。It's like if you go hunting。

I don't know in Germany if you go hunting too much， but in America， people go hunting all the time。

 men go hunting。I don't think there's very many women who go hunting。

But men go hunting when you go hunting。What you're going for。You find out about the animal。

 What its habitat is， you can't think like the animal。To same will you go hunting for a woman。

You have to know where they are。 They get there。And you don't have to kill him。

But it's the same kind of thing if you go to buy a car。You check every part of the car。

You check the motor， you check the suspension， you check the tires， you check the interior。

You check it。You know everything about the car when you buy it。If you're into computers。

You know more about the computer than anybody else， it's yours you take care of it， you know it。Now。

The most important part of your body。That we protect。Our penis。You're going to put that into a woman。

Don't you want to think what you're putting it into？You have to know what you're doing。

If you're just going to stick it in anywhere， you're going to get in trouble， we all。

 we all have the same problem。You're laughing。 ey， you got in trouble already。😀Yeah。

So what you have to do is you have to find out。And you have to。

 which every woman wants is communication。When a man hears it， he gets scared。 What does she mean。

I have to learn Morris code。 I have to be telephone opera no。What you do。Is very simple。

I and my students and Janon is one of my students。He was， I got to tell you something。

 He was a guy who couldn't get a date。 He couldn't talk to women。Now he has Sp girlfriends。

 I call him a graduate。I don't like to work with people if they don't graduate。

Because that's the whole idea。I don't want have students for the rest of my life。 I don't want them。

 You know， I went to Holland。 The guy talks to me like I， I'm a God。I'm very flattered， but I'm not。

I'm not a God。 What I did not because of him。I'll give you a little history， which you'll understand。

When I started。Hearing about guys who couldn't pick up women， who couldn't talk to women。

I thought it was a joke。I couldn't believe it。Then I said to myself。If this is true。

It's really good for me。I was telling somebody last night。There are certain statistics。

That's the same everywhere in the world。 More girl babies are born than boy babies。 We all know that。

In some terrible countries， they kill the girl babies because they want a boy only because I have too many girls。

So what does that mean？Statistics say from the age of about 20 to 30， there's usually。

3 women for every man。I knew that a long time ago。So I'm thinking of myself。

There's three women to every man。And all you guys don't have women。Wow。😮，3，6，9。For me。Thank you。

Thank you very much for the gift you gave me。That's what I first thought。And that's what I did。

 And it worked。I look in I go into a club。I look in the club， slots of women。I see。 lots of guys。

The guys are there。 The women are there。David goes there。Do guys stay there。 David goes there。There。

 there， there， there。I choose what I want。 I went up with the best looking girls because they're sitting there。

 looking at the guys in the other side of the room。Yeah， it was easy。Then a guy tells me。

A friend of mine tells me。How do you do it？I walked in the room。 I went there。は。What do you mean。

 What did you say。I look at the girl。Just a second。Can I borrow your girlfriend for a second。

Come here。What's your name again，lan Melanie。I used to know a girl not Melanie。You know。

You know what happened， I'll tell you a story。 You're going to like my stories。I was in England。

I was working on a farm。Said， I was。About 10 or 11 girls there。And I said to myself， myself。David。

You have to sleep with every one of those girls。Oh，'t go get mad。And what happened was。

 I tried everyone。But there was one girl their melanie。She used to have a hearing problem。

I didn't know， but she didn't like to wear a hearing aid。And when I would talk to her。

 she would talk like， my name is Ma Bni， How are you today？And it bothered me。

 So I left her for last。Then I went out with her， and I slept with her。

And then I used to make fun of her because she didn't hear me。 I used to go， Melanie。

 come here and she didn't， but everybody else heard me。 So one day she puts in her hearing aid。

 and she says to me， are you making fun of me。I go， yeah。She goes。

 how long have you been making fun of me since the first day I met you。She got mad。

But I didn't lie to her。ItTo honesty。They appreciate。Now here you have a beautiful woman here。

You like that one。Yeah。And women are like， flowers。You hold them。 You smell them。If you're lucky。

 you could taste them。It's a lovely thing to be with and to have。But you have to make them feel good。

Because if you make them feel good， they make you feel good。You understand me。Am I wrong。没有。

How did I know that？You're a sweetert， sit down。You see。😊，You have to be on。

