# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：9._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

You't like。I made a rule when I was younger。Oh my friends laughed。I said， if a girl smoke cigarettes。

 she fucks。My friends says how do you got that。 I go， I'll try it out。

 Every girl I went out with was smoking I slept with。I went out with a girl who didn't smoke。

 give me a hard time。Why I don't know why。 I never figured it out。But it was a rule I made。You know。

If I saw him smoking in a club。I'll go with the smoking girl。

I I'd say I chose you because I saw you smoking， which says you smoking， I go， no。Well。

 I have to check sometimes after sex， I smoke。Your experience that you have with every woman。

Gives you。A better edge for the next time。It's like anything when you experience it。

You become better at it。It just takes a few。And after a while， you say to yourself。It's too easy。But。

Then there's the other side， you have to keep them。And you can't get lazy。

You can't fall back to your old routine。You can't fall back to your old way。There's two words。

That I tell every guy you should never say to a woman。You're laughing。 What are the two words？No。

Do anybody want to give it a shot？You got it。I told you already， eh。错。Me too。

Is the two words you never say to a woman？You like Chinese food？Yeah me too。Forget it。

Those two words， you just cut out of your vocabulary， throw them away， you don't need them。Yeah。

 Chinese food's one of my favorites。I like chicken， steak， pizza， whatever， but never me too。

Because you're saying。You're following her。You understand she's leaving。And those leading questions。

Are not good for you to have when you're trying to direct。The relationship。Because remember。

 you're directing it and you're bringing the relationship where you want it to be。

Most women will trust you that it's going the right way。Because women， if you go back。

To the animal instinct or the primeval man。Men would take women， cavemen took their women。Okay。

In most ancient religions， you took a wife。Even in the Bible。No know， I'd never figured that out。

 Adam and Eve had two sons， Ca and Abel。One killed the other one and the other guy took a wife。

 where do you get the wife from， Theres only four people on the planet。But， you know。You like to。

But he took a wife， you know， he didn't get married。Nobody says they got married， he took a wife。

 it's written like that。Any group。Motorcycle。Gang members。They take the women。They control them。

Tell you words that you understand。 he says if you allow， if you want to have months your。诶。

And things you should also allow your girlfriends to have multiple boyfriends to more than you。

That was the question I would love to answer that when he asked you。That's your opinion。

No' right one question question was how you think about it thing you see the reality is very simple。

Most women aren't like men。I can't， I don't know too many women going with two and three boyfriends。

I know there's a phenomena going out now that when you talk to women and they text message you or you're doing internet dating。

It's very difficult。Is very difficult， because。They're not only talking to you。

 they're talking to five other guys， four other guys。And I caught them a few times。

Because they say you said something and I said， no， I didn't。 who do you think said that to you， oh。

 I made a mistake because。When they're doing， they texting。

They're looking for guys and they're looking for guys they couldn't manipulate。So it's。

And I don't like this at all。 It's maybe a double standard。 I don't like text messaging。

Ca I like to hear their voice。 I also like to hear。There。Way they're talking， you know。

 you can you can hearby， you you can get a mood， you can't get a mood on text。You can't get。

 you know， you can't try to do so if you try to ask her。Convincing it looks like begging。If you say。

 I think you should change your plans。On text， it doesn't come out very good at all。

She looks at that。 She shows it to her friend。 What do you think， What do you think。

 You're not dealing on a one on one basis。 I always found it very successful to deal one on one。

 And when a woman's going out with you。When a woman sleeps with you， they're not like men。

 they don't want to sleep with another guy。I don't know if I want to sleep with a woman who's sleeping with two guys or three guys。

I know the precautions and the care I take when I sleep with a woman。So nothing comes back to me。

And I don't know if she's doing the same precautions or。Good example is I'm with a woman。

And I tell her， we get all turned on。 We're making out， and I go。Do you have a condo， She goes， no。

 do you have a condo， I go， no， I have one。And I say to her， well。

 maybe I'll just go inside and I won't come in you and okay。As soon as she says that。

 I don't want to fuck her anymore。Because if she said okay to me。

 I'm sure she said okay to other guys。If she says， no， I don't do it with a condom， I go。I found one。

That's one of my tests for my own self preservation。I have a student。Who went that with a girl？

And he's telling me what's happening。 And I'm telling him what he should try。And it doesn't work。

Well， I'm surprised I've been wrong before。But I feel I said to him。Something。I don't like。

Maybe should。Not sleep with her right away。The way she's acting， the way she's。Back off。

Till you know more about her。No， no， no， no， no， you weren't right。

 so I'm going to go finds out she has AIDs and not age she has herpes。

So he tells me she's got her peace。I said。Listen， I went out with a girl had herpe。And right away。

 I said， I'm going to wait till I speak to。A doctor friend of mine。

And I checked with a lot of people， and they told me all about it。

 and I was very paranoid and cautious。And I checked her like I was a doctor practically with a microscope going down。

 checking her whole genital area。And I was fucking hard， all was staying in my mind was herpes。

 herpes， herpes， herpes， herpes， herpes， herpes， herpes， herpes。I didn't feel good。

 I didn't enjoy it， and I told her I'm not going to see her anymore just because of my herpe。

 I go yeah。I was a guy who gave it to me。I go， it's not me that gave it to you。

 but it was a guy I'm worried about it， and I can't get past it， and I don't want to get past it。

 It's my protection that I built around myself。So the guy decides he was really horny and he fs her with herpes。

Now he runs to the doctor to check himself out。He's waiting because the doctor tells him it could take six months to come out。

Now he's all depressed， he's at home， He doesn't want to go out with other girls。

He's a more decent guy he doesn't want to give it to anybody。But。He says， you were right。

 you knew something， I go， yeah。It didn't fill into the normal parameters that I felt would be safe。

I walked away from a lot of women who I didn't trust。You know， like。

I never believed that she's sleeping with me。The first time ever， she did that。You know。

I don't never believe I'm her first for that， I'm her first for that。You know。

I figured if she does it for somebody else， she's going to do it with me。

 so if I tell her to do something， I get a gauge on how safe she is or not。

Don't forget it goes back to what I said at the beginning。 you're putting your penis。

In something that could give you pleasure。Or heartache for the rest of your life。It's not a joke。

When I was younger， we did。Sacks and orgies without any protection at all。

But it was a different time， it's too bad you guys can't go back to that time and I can't go back to that time。

But that's what progress has given us。Somebody decided to fuck a monkey and fuck up the world。

 what can I tell you？That's the way I look at it， but now we're fucked up。

 now you have to guard against it。Whatever you want to say。You have to be careful in anything you do。

 and that's why you need。interview them， to find out about them， to give them little tests。

You'll find out that it's more important。So， so you want So you're not willing to accept if she has other not at all。

 no， even if she uses protection。 I dont water。 All right， You know what， Yes。

 it's a double standard。I agree with you。I can't stop her from sleeping with a boyfriend the next day or sleeping with another guy tomorrow。

But if I know。I don't want it。If I don't know， I don't know it's like them。

 they don't know everything about me。Id one girl tell me。If you sleep with anybody else。

 please tell me。So， okay。I don't have to。I don't have to justify。Luckiily， I live in a country。

That enjoys men certain freedoms。 I got a freedom of what I do what I want。

 As long as it's not illegal。 I don't have to justify it。It's my own system。Yeah， okay。

 I'll let her sleep with this guy that guy， I don't know who she's sleeping with。I know I take care。

I watch what I'm doing。You don't have to， you can want you want to be one of these。Young。

 modern thinking guys。Okay。Then you end up with less zero。Well， less girls。

And what kind of relationships do you have everybody sleeping around？Listen。If I。Okay。

Look at a girl who sleeps with a thousand guys。 I'm not interested。 I'm worried about her。

But I could do what I want， I don't even think of what I did。I don't even look at it。

But I remember when I took my first herpes test， and I took my first。AidS test。

I went through a week of hell。And I'm thinking of it。One of my best friends is a doctor， he's。

Did my test。I call him every day he says you have to wait， don't he says， you don't have it。

 don't worry， you have to wait。Then when I got the results。

I guess he was we call it he was playing with me like I play with him he says。Come to my office。

 I'll give you the results， I can't tell you over to phone。I stop what I'm doing， boom。

I already had prepared at night。 I prepared a kill list。 Everybody I'm going to kill if I have。

Everybody I didn't like pissing me off， everybody's going to suffer if I have。Aids。

I get to his office， he tells me， you don't have AIDS。I said， why did you do that to me， You know。

 I I was sick coming over here。He goes， too bad。So。Then I'm ready to leave his office by the way。

That means you didn't have AIDS six months ago。I go， what do you mean？

The way it works is we can't tell what's incubating in your body right now。

So the only way to tell is stop having sex。For six months。And then take a test。Fuck。

 if you would have told me that at the beginning， I would have never taken a test， I told them。

So I said， he says， you can do it。 Who can't do it for six months。 I said， okay， I'll try。

And I put my mind， set my mind。And then one of my girlfriends called me up。

And there goes my six months。Okay， I'll start tomorrow。That girl calls me up。I'll start tomorrow。

Well， you know what happened？I ended up10 years later forgetting to start my six months。

All depends what you want to do。Listen。There's a lot of girls out there girls don't think twice about。

Giving a guy a disease。Guys don't think twice about giving it。 They want to punish the other person。

It's a dangerous worlddo you have to protect yourself。Yeah， I live by a double standard。

 and I say to myself every day， thank you。 Here's a double standard because I'm on the side I want to be on。

If I was a woman， I'm thinking like this， if I was a woman。

 I'd stay at the harbor waiting for the boats to come in。I'm not a woman。 I'm a man。

 and I'm luckier than being a woman。In that respect。So yeah， there's a double standard。

You could take it for the way want to be you want to tell your girlfriend， listen。

 I want to sleep with other girls so you can go sleep with other guys。I don't think she will。

 but I know for sure she won't see you anymore。Just in a fact you're telling her she's allowed to sleep with other guy she doesn't want you anymore。

When a woman is finished with a man。She can't sleep with him。

 even when a man is pissed off with a woman and he ends it。Two weeks later。

 he's horning he could fuck her anytime。A woman can't do that。It's different thing completely。

 We think they think like us like that。 It's wrong。They don't want to be with 20 guys。

They get used to one guy。 They want to enjoy that one guy。 Yeah， it's a tough thing。

 A lot of them know that you're sleeping with other women。

But they lie to themselves or tell themselves story or maybe he's just seeing her。

 maybe really doesn't fuck or maybe she only gives them a blow job。Whatever。Thes termine。

Making his excuses。There's， you know。If you're going to go that route， well， you might as well。

Put that in the paper looking for a wife。There's lots of Eastern European women who would jump on the chance。

 Chinese women， Vietnamese women， they're looking to get married。They'll come and be your wife。

And they won't cheat on you， hopefully。That's what you want， but。If you want。

 if you're worried about protecting there。Double standard。

I'd say they have to protect themselves in any way possible。 I respect a woman that says。

 I don't want to sleep with a guy who's sleeping with more than one woman。I respect it。

I don't want to sleep with a guy unless I do a test first。I respect that。

So while I'm doing a test for her， her ears will hurt。That's all。It's the way I look at it。

You can do a lot of stuff without having to do penetration the woman， if you want that woman。

You can wear a condo。Always tell them you can't get pregnant for swallowing it。Yeah。

Men don't have to have。Peneration in a woman， to an orgasm。

There's so many places on a woman to stick it， it's incredible。I sometimes tell him。你。

You didn't hear me， maybe I'll clean out your ears。That's what I tell it。Did you get it？Try anything。

You understand？不是。It's not a perfect world。And if you want to protect。

And you want to be so gallant to not sleep with anybody else and just sleep with that woman。

Find out if she's slept with you。A lot of women。A lot。Have revenge sex。Men don't have it。

Men don't cheat on a woman when they're breaking up。They go after that's one。

 they don't want to break up。But women， when they find out you cheated on them。

They love to find another guy and fuck him to teach you a lesson。

I know I've been on the good side of revenge sex。 I love it。Are you pissed off at him Yeah， okay。

Hello。It happensens a lot。I know she's only fucking Lee because she's mad at him。Okay。Com mind。

It's not bad。But for him。Because they ended up getting back together to split up again later。

 it's a pattern。But I like revenge sex。As long as I'm on the right side of it。But women。

Are different than men。Men don't have revenge sex， you're not going to go if you're with your girlfriend。

 you're not going to go out and sleep with another girl to make her mad。

You're going to go sleep with another girl because you want to。And then if you're smart。

 you'll avoid making her mad。See that the the whole thing with。

Called display you see I think all that is a big mistake。Because people。It teaches them how to lie。

 oh， I didn't get your message。I didn't， you know， the last time I spoke to somebody told me I didn't get your email。

Come on。They do a text message。They're texting more than one person at the same time。

IMy classic is if they dare to send me a text message。I text back。

I just bought you the most fantastic gift。You can't believe what it is， I have to tell you。

And I started a word， and I stop。They hang up。The fucking phone is ringing a minute later。

But if I called her， she didn't answer。后。You like that， eh。Okay。Sometimes I do。

 let's go to Hawaii for the weekend。Tell me if you're available， I have to call somebody else。Boy。

 you get a call back fast。No。You know what。They keep men。On the shelf。See。

 they're not sleeping with everybody， but they're keeping you on the shelf。When were just friends。

They want to see if somebody better comes along if they have a better offer。

How does that make you feel I got a better offer from him than you？You don't care。

 I thought you liked me now he made a better offer。

So what's the difference between you and a prostitute？The same thing。And I've seen it。

Lots and lots of times。I seen it when I go on the phone lines and I'm trying to the girls put an ad in and I put an ad to speak to them。

They want to do messages back and forth before they'll talk。And I see。

 sometimes the message they answered。Is totally different than I sent them because they forget which guy sent them a message。

And they're just they're talking to six guys， they're texting 20 people。You want to talk to me。

 give me on the phone。 I don't answer it。Text。I told my cell phone supplier。

Don't send me any bills on tax， I'm not paying them。Take it off my phone if you want， well， we can't。

 I don' don't care， I'm not paying for them， I don't want it。

I want a telephone to be a telephone I you know， they email me in my computer。

 I turn around that write， call me， I have a lot to tell you。That's what I leave。

This emailing back and forth in text， it's depersonalizing relationships。

 it's hard enough relationships today。He got somebody deciding if she's going to even talk to you because she's talking to two other guys。

It's the same thing like sleeping with three guys， she's not sleeping with them。

 but she's got you on the shelf。When she needs you， she pulls you off the shelf and uses you。

I don't find guys doing that。 I don't find guys texting 12 women at the same time。No。

 it's a double standard。 You can always find something that's a double standard for women， too。

