# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：大卫X见面会3._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Anyway， I'm so glad to see these beautiful ladies here， it's hard to concentrate now。

Kills my whole concentration。嗯。Do all you ladies speak English？Okay， who speaks English the best？

Come up here， but I want to talk to you， come sit down here beside me。

I'm going to make all these guys jealous talking to you， bring the chair a little closer。

I don't want to intimidate you。I just want to ask you questions and tell me your comfort level。

 how you feel comfortable answering your questions。Let's pretend none of these guys are here。

I don't see any at them。 I can focus on what I want and what I like， so I'm very focused kind of guy。

And I try to teach them to focus， too。It's hard to focus on me when you got such a beautiful woman sitting up in front of them。

Which is better for me， takes the focus off me。う。What's you name嗯。Anna。

See that's a good name because you could go to any country in the world you say。

 some of these Polish names， you can't really repeat anywhere else because nobody understands what you're saying。

But Adam is a really good name like that。What do you do for a living？I'm a personalm playing now。

 and imagine。I have a personal trainer。 personal trainer。 What kind of training， mostly MLlP。

NlP I don't fully understand the NLP when I was in Germany last year。

 all those guys are NLP specialists。The ones I worked with on my last seminar。

So I don't fully understand NLP， maybe you'll tell me about it， but' your personal trainer。

So you understand what it is to convey your thoughts to another person。

That's the first part of the battle to get them to understand you as a whole nother ballga。

Am I right？Okay， how long have you been doing this？For money， two years。

What do you mean doing pleasure were doing for pleasure a little different for money and for pleasure because know sometimes you start doing things for pleasure and then you。

😊，Okay， so， and。And before that， were you working before that。

 are you going to school Did you how far did you go in school？And。University and then。

Pa graduating university Okay， so you went really far。はは。😊，I like the。😊，So， you're very smart。

Even though nobody knows it except for me and you right now。And my boyfriend。

 who I promised I won't sit here。Before coming here， I promised him never ever。😊。

I can only say one thing to you。Yeah。ok。I'm only asking these questions because I'm going to show you。

I don't want women to think I have a derogatory outlook on them。Yes。

 I want guys to understand when I say to guys， my rule number one， the most important rule is。

They shouldn't care what you're thinking about or what you're saying。

But you see a lot of times they don't understand it because what you're saying tells me about you。

But I'm not ever thinking about what you're thinking while I'm talking to you because it's not my problem。

 That's your problem。You understand and when you meet some guy。

 you'd rather he was telling you and showing you himself than trying to please you， Am I right？

These guys don't understand that every question I usually get is what if she what stop worrying about her？

She wants to get to know you， worry about yourself because I coach women too。

 and I tell women the same thing。Who gives us shit what they're thinking。

 We know what they're thinking。They're all thinking the same thought。I'm worse than them。

 but they're all thinking the same thought。You don't have to figure it out。

 but you want to hear who they are and what they are。For you to make his decision。

 you like your boyfriend。 It's a nice thing。 You got to know him。 the more you get to know him。

The more comfortable you feel with them， the more you like him。What。I like them looking at you。

I'm giving them a chance to digest you， absorb you。So， you know， I'll tell you something。

I look at women when I look at them， I enjoy so much to look at them because it's a pleasure I get。

That pleasure I get is like looking at flowers。 Some people can go to museums and want to look at the paintings。

I rather look at you than a painting， you look better to me than a painting。

Some old guy would have cut off here， painted a p with，W who cares？This is what I like。

 This is what I am。 it's everybody's different。Understanding the person you're with， communicating。

I ask everybody the same question， every woman I ask the same question。

 I want to ask you this question。And I'm going to give you my answer after。

 and after I give you my answer， if you're not exactly my answer。I'll tell you what they are。

 and I bet you you'll agree with me。That's how sure I am。 My answer is1%， right。What do you think？

The three most important thing in any relationship。Bofriend， girlfriend， husband， wife。Child parent。

2 good friends。Teacher student， what's the three most important thing。

 The foundation of any good relationship。Respect。Understanding wrong wrong， okay， you got one right。

You say respect， right， What do you say after that， understandingstand wrong， but next one。Now。

 I said that you're going to be the judge if mine are right or yours are right， okay？I go。

 and I live by。Honesty。Trust。And respect。That's the foundation of any relationship。

 that's what I say， that's why I say you're wrong， to have the things you want if you don't have honesty。

 trust and respect， you can't have what you want。Am I right。I'm trying。

 That's what I try to teach these guys。These three things in any relationship are the foundation。

 if the foundation is good。It can't fail。But if the foundation isn't good。You got a problem。

Do you agree that I'm right？One for me。I'm just kidNo， no， no， I'm just kidding。

 I'm just joking what I'm saying is this is the way I've lived my life。What's the matter。

Is he pissing you off or kill him？かを。This is what I'm trying to teach these guys is this is the way I've lived my life。

On these three principles。And built from there。Why do they want to know why I have such a good relationship with my family。

 my wife。Because I live by these three principles all my life， I'd't deviate， I don't change。

I don't change for the weather to impress another person。

When I don't care what you think about it's because I'm only trying to communicate with you。

 find out about you。I can talk to you in an afternoon and know more about you than any man you've ever met in your life。

 including your boyfriend。Because what I want to find out about you。

 I can find out by lots of different ways。I have。Plenty of tricks up my sleeve。I can do seduction。

 but I don't want to do seduction， I want the woman to want to be with me。That's what the idea is。

What's your favorite color？Depends。Amer， sometimes white， sometimes black， okay。

So what's your second favorite color？change okay， so white and black。

What's your favorite type of food？Sushi sushi sushi today， Okay。What's your favorite vegetable？

Don't have one。Not potatoes vegetables， potatoes， rice，mato tomatoes， What's your favorite one？

Tomatoes， tomatoes。What's your favorite fruit？蛮个。What's your second favorite food。たかよ。Food， food。

 not food。 food， Italian。Okay， pa pie is your second favorite。嗯哼。What you trying。

 I can tell you a few things about yourself that I know already。

You happen to be a very sensual person and sexy person。 and you feel sexy most of the time。H。

I can hardly say no， because it's a kind of sentence。I don't think any woman would deny。No。

 I don't think so。Some women are more romantic。I don't think you is romantic。

You you're actually a little more。I'd say exotic， they're romantic。It's a different thing。

 different type of character。太错了。I guess from the questions I asked you。

That's a conclusion that I draw。 if I'm wrong。You know，But that's what that's what I think。

There's and certain things that people like and they eat。That sort of comes out of their character。

 which is a normal thing。 It's all rolling around in your head。If you pay attention。

You can figure them out。There's the difference between me and everybody else。I pay attention。

When I want to get to know somebody， I want to know everything about。

I was just enjoying you for a second， sorry。行。So。Am I making you feel uncomfortable talking to you？

 I hope not， because my intention is not to make you feel uncomfortable。

Do you want to ask me anything？You can。What's the best value that the greatests value that you think a woman should have？

This。Kind of time。You know what。 That's a very good question。 I'll tell you something。

The way I think the greatest value for a woman。G have。

Is to be herself and show her emotions to the man she's with and also not try to do stuff that you think he likes。

Just to be yourself。Because I couldn't tell you something right now。

You could probably be more exciting than he can imagine。To get to know you as a person。

A good relationship is that you're in each other's space。

You know what the other person wants without even mentioning it。

You can please the other person just by。Mental communication without even talking。Give me an example。

I'm married。To a very lovely lady。And the thing is， I know her very well。

 you can imagine how I know her。And she comes home one day and she bought a purse。

 and I look at the purse and I go。It's not a good purse for you。She goes，W， you don't like it。

 I go it's not a good purse for you。 I know the way you are in a character， you rip it in the week。

 you'll be losing it。So she said to me， you're wrong。So I said， I'll buy you a purse。

 I'll give it to you after you lose this one。So I go out and I buy her two verses。

Because I couldn't choose the color。Color is really a personal thing。

And a woman might change what she wants in a in a purse， in a heartbeat。 you know。

 So I figured I'll buy two of them。So she lost her person。 She's complaining。

And I give her the two purses， and she takes him on， and she looks at me and he says。

Exactly what I would want。It's exactly what I want。And since that day， which was about。12 years ago。

I'm the only one of Bser purses。Because at every time she tells her sister。Oh， you know。

 David buys my purses and her sister says，  how could you let him do that？And she says to her。

 I was listening one day， she says her， it's exactly what I want， I never find exactly what I want。

 and I don't rip these as much as the other ones。Not that I can do anything fantastic。

But I looked at it and I looked at her and I felt， you know， it's not going to work。

If you know that and feel that。My friend said to me。

 you're going to tell you why you don't like the purse you just bought。Ive got to tell her the truth。

I live by honesty， trust and respect。In everything and everything I do。It's the only way。

To be able to convey what you really feel。I don't have to pretend for anybody。

I don't have to try to say something to make them feel better。

I'll make myself feel good and I'll worry about everything else later。I don't try to hurt people。

 I'm not there， I do this because。It bothers me that guys don't know what it's really about。

They build a facade， they want to impress the girl， and they can't live like that forever。

 and then the girl tells them after。You're not who I married or you're not who I was with。

 you're different。What's wrong with you， change。Because if you don't know who it is at day one。

 you're not going to know five years later or two years later。And they can't keep up。This facade。

Because it's not the truth。And then。Of course， they showed you two different books。This is my manual。

 but this is the real one。Isn't that what the way it goes？Communicating with a person。

Is a lot more than just talking to the person。There's an Auie language。There's a mental language。

 You have to really get。Close to a person to。And when you have that communication。

 your relationship can only grow。Am I right。I think she bought that one。

That's my sense of humor coming out。 I hope you don't mind。 I like my sense of humor。You know。

A lot of people are afraid to like their sense of humor。

 I wake up sometimes in the middle of night remembering a joke I made， and I start laughing。

The good thing nobody else is there。Anyways， is there any questions you guys would like to ask？

If you want to get out to hear you。I guess okay， thank you very， very much。Uloads。For the young lady。

I'll get to you other ladies later， okay？😡，So， I think at this point。

Some of you guys came to lunch with me and you also got a little bit of an education， I believe。

 you know， at lunchtime。🤧。And。I got a question at lunchtime， which I answered。

Was one of my hardest questions ever。So， I want。Oh， I thought you're signaling me or something。

I want to ask you guys if there's questions you would like to ask。

If something bothers you or so you don't know。To what I'm trying to explain to you guys。

Anybody have a question？Scary。Nobody has a question。Any of you ladies have a question？

I love talking that we would better than guys anyway， no' quit。Who speaks English and next best。う。

It's just doesn't matter who stands first。You're always lovelier than the next， it's incredible。

I want to ask you a couple of questions。You heard what I said to her， and I bet you agree with me。

 right？Every single word。Okay， I'm taking her home， guys。 That's it。大夫？Okay。

What's your favorite color？Again， it depends。Especially okay， and I think today it's black， black。

Okay， what's your second favorite color rat？And respect to Anna， it's red。Okay。

 and what's your favorite food。가연 그냥。Okay。What's your favorite fruit？Apple。ok。

What's your favorite vegetable。Cullyflower。What's your second favorite food？Good good good yeah。

Chinese。I almost felt you were going to say that， but anyway， okay， yeah， okay。

What's your next favorite fruit？是。あな？Okay。I'm。You said banana I she started giggling。

How long is it been she didn't have a boyfriend before this guy？I'm just joking。 I'm just joking。ok。

What's your。Okay， what's your second favorite fruit fruit？Second， what's your first one。

 First apples apples bananas and the first apples and bananas， okay。Mom， no a strawberries。

 That's it。 That's it。That。To you。You're very romantic。You're extremely romantic for you。

A big bubble bath with candles and champagne around it would be like perfect dream。Am I right。

For one。It's not a trick。How do you do that You like it。No， it's not a trick。It's。

You have to feel what the woman。liking。It's taste coming out of her。These tastes tell you what it is。

 Are you， Are you listening to the answers or are you analyzing the body language and the way she says it。

 Not so much。 I'm listening to the answers because for me。From my experience as a pattern。

 I couldn do it easily， okay， but。She has a very nice body language。 is no question about it。

To have this lady for your girlfriend， you only could be very lucky。Okay， I'll tell you right now。

And what she likes， Okay， she's very romantic。 You would have to sharpen your romance skills to keep her attention。

Okay。This is， she's unlike this other lady。You could keep her attention longer her。

 if you're not romantic， you'll lose it。 You'll lose this woman in a minute。Yeah。

 and you told us how to be a man。 Yeah， she needs that because because what this is what her essay starts from there。

Do you ever to read a romance novel？あか。Hold on a second。 I forgot to ask you。

 do you ever read a romance novel。You see， right You know what。 what I'm saying to you。Most men。

Can't understand after they read a romance。 And one of my punishment homework is I give them to read a romance novel。

 okay。To understand。That they're not thinking。 they're trying to anticipate what a woman thinks。

 You have to remember Da that we are not the first person from the street and you didn't ask us any questions since you came here you don't know us。

 you don't know who we are so you can say that we don't know what you know You said a lot of things here that put us in。

Great society。We are not。 We are here to learn。 We have a lot of treats to do to make women come with us home。

 and you say you are great people。 You are from this society you don't know what to do with women。

 know but we want to learn something from you。 So Well， you know， I don't know。

 I don't know what your level is。 you see I don't know I don't know what your level is。

I don't know what your level is， I have to take care of guys who may not be in your level you haven't these guys any questions。

😡，I'm asking them if they have any questions to ask me， I don't need to ask them questions。Yeah。

 but what I've got to ask them a question。 What kind of question should I ask him。

How they look at women， how they look at women That's a question I should ask。

 What are they experience。For example， a lot of guys here。

 What's that going to do for me to know what their experience is。

I'm here to help them out with whatever problem they think they have。

 What experience level they have is irrelevant for me。

I'm trying to help these guys out for the rest of their life to go on from here。原把这己。

But what I'm not a big shock。 I don't know more than anybody else。

 And I can't do any more than any other guy in this place can do。 Just to say you know， you have。

 I don't know。 what I' tell you。I understand at's your point of view， but I'm trying to help them。

 Your point of view is irrelevant to me。If I'm not getting to the point that you need help with or you don't need any help with。

😡，Then I'll tell you， honestly， shut up and let the other guys learn。😡，I'm not here to please you。

 I'm here to help every single guy for what I think and what they think they need to hear。😡。

If I talk to the women， it's to show them how easy it is to talk to women。

 And if you're honest with them， they appreciate what you're doing。 if you particularly don't like。

The way I'm handling the seminar。I'll tell you something。Leave， you want me to leave。

 you see here I said， it's not what I want。 You know， it's not what I want。I'm saying to you。

 if you're not pleased， if I disturb you， you're not disturbing me。 I'm answering the question。

 I'm answering you for what you're asking me。 You're not。 if you were disturbing me。

 I would tell you， I'm not answering you， but I'm answering you。

I'm trying to tell you what these guys want。 If they tell me they want what you want， I'll change。

 I teach advanced stuff， too。You know what， I even bet there's a hell of a lot I could teach a guy like you。

😡，But maybe not， because maybe a guy like you knows everything already。 No， I don't Well。

 I don't know why I'm saying to you is， I don't know your level。

And I'm not going to come here and ask you level。😡，I know one thing about you that is all I know。

 You have good taste in women。第有。嗯，咋？I'm telling you what I know about you。

 I'm not concerned with what you know。 You see， there's with you it's like a competition。

 I'm not competing with you。 I don't care what you know。 I'm telling you what I know。

 These guys are here to learn what I know。 not what you know。😡，Otherwise come up and teach。

 I'll take a seat and listen to you for a while for my attention。😡，Well， no kidding。

If there's any question， any one of you guys would like to ask me， it's my pleasure。

If you feel I'm not directing you in the proper way。😡，Tell me。I can be a bastard when I want too。

 you know， don't forget。Okay。You know。ごめてかしめてるか。好。You liked it because I'm not paying attention to you。

 right。あせ。daja。那么因上。I've to turn this on。Youre here。 Thank you， Sir。嗯群比较。不知道。Yeah， good。Okay。

 I just want you to。I'm going to ask the question because I have a feeling he's not getting the understanding of what I say。

 so I'm just going to ask the question and what you're saying is because I say rule number one is who cares what they think。

 you're asking me， when should you care what they think。

At what point you have to have a good relationship if you don't care what the other person thinks。

 how good could the relationship be。What I'm saying。And you'll understand this， too。

 when you meet somebody at the beginning。And you want to get to know that person。

Don't try to say and do things just to please the person。Be yourself。

 Let them do what they want to do to please you。 I listen to everything she says to me。

I don't care what she's thinking。 It's none in my business， a term Mind。

 She's free to think whatever she wants， just like you are。But what I'm saying， guys are saying it。

 it's very hard to describe it because。They're trying to think of what the woman is thinking and they're saying things to please her so she's going to like them。

🤢，What I'm saying is you shouldn't care what she's thinking。Present yourself， get to know you。

When you get to know her， sure you should care about what she's saying。

But you still shouldn't think for her。Don't anticipate because you see what happens is if you think for her。

You end up with disappointment if she doesn't do what you want her to do。If she thinks for herself。

She'll tell you what she wants and what she doesn't want。You don't have to think what she's wanting。

You wouldn't do this with any one of your friends， when it comes to when you meet women。Right away。

 you have to try to figure out what she's thinking and what she wants。It's a person。

 It's just thinking， intelligent。Attractive person， not only the good looks there at night。

 when the lights are off and you're in bed， you don't see the looks anymore。

You still want to be able to communicate。And you have to think what she's thinking。

 you might as well get a blow up doll。Thank you very much。 No， I'm just， you see。

 I'm just trying to say that's what your question is。I know that you're thinking。

 that's why I say I like talking to women because I'm not thinking thisrepectly to women， why。

 who cares what they think or no， it's you shouldn't care what they think when I'm talking to her。

 I'm not trying to anticipate what she's thinking you're doing。

I like getting the answers so I can think about what he said。

And I have a formula for the other thing because， I've done it so many times， and I've worked it out。

That was only a way。For me to make the woman more interested when she's in a club or a barn I'm figuring her out right away。

 she's like， who。That's。Yeah， it's a trick。But all I get to know the kind of person I'm with。

And if I don't like that kind of person， I would have said something very nice and gone to somebody else。

It's easy to find out。The same thing， if I'm not， she's not enjoying her conversation with me。

 Why should she stay and talk to me。I'm keeping her attention。I'm making her feel special。

She likes talking to me。 That's what every woman wants to feel special。

And every woman wants to be paid attention to。Right？I'm not doing anything。Fantastic。

That you got to think you a genius。It's not。A derogatory way that I'm saying to not think what the woman is thinking。

You understandm saying it's not against women。I'm a gentleman， I like to open the door for a woman。

 I like the woman to feel like a woman， I like to feel like a night and shining armor， her protector。

Makes me feel good。It's the fantasy I build up in my mind。It's the same fantasy women have。

 They read romance novels because they need those fantasies。

When I make these guys read a romance novel， I tell them。You know， I've never read a romance dog。

 Would you want to know why。I get it。Yeah there's sta？I get it， I don't need to read a romance novel。

And the romance novel only helps you realize。It's important for you。田脑。Your competition to know your。

 I shouldn't say competition， I should say。Your other half， your better half。

 the person you're going to make feel good。 What does she need you to make feel good。

 There's a manual。 Read the manual。You know。No， but there is certain。Instruction books you can take。

 A romance novel is an instruction book to the way the woman's thinking。Re life。

' I'm not the one to read them， so I don't worry。Happ you。But most women read romance novels。使もなせん。

Yeah， very common。And they're healthy， too。There's nothing wrong with them。

It's like watching it a soap opera or a TV show。Yeah。All you guys got to go get a romance novel，h？

Yeah。See， it's important。What I do with my students。Is after they read a romance novel。

They got to give me like a report on what it was about。And what they understood from it。

Because I'm sure if you read one。You want me？If you read one。

You won't get the same thing out of it as a woman gets out。

That's the fine points of understanding the differences and the。You don't think like a woman。

Don't try to anticipate what she's thinking about。That's the。Beautiful thing about it。

You learn to communicate to find out what you want to find out。You don't anticipate， you communicate。

哎。Has anybody else who's got a question？No。I have a question。

You said that what she's thinking and she does doesn't matter， right。

 but her action doesn't matter because you want to get to know her as a person and do you want to figure out what's going on with her。

Well， you know， let me qualify that if she slaps you。

 that's what I wanted to ask at some point it matters what she does because that makes you can draw a conclusion at what point you are well。

 you know in any， I don't know if it's the same here as it is in North America。

But I learned all my life。If you go to a woman and she says， no。Go to another woman。

Don't go back there again。It's her right。You understand what I'm saying？

That's the way I believe So if you're talking to her and she doesn't want to talk to anymore and she says。

 please leave， get away， you go。That's what I said， you find out right away。

 You don't waste your time。If she。You know， it's important for the woman to feel comfortable with you。

 Well， I was more thinking about like。You have to pay attention。

If she's giving you signals that you can push the interaction forward。

 you know what I mean like she's giving you the you can jump through I don't understand about signals like that if you know if you work on honesty trust and respect you can escalate the touch like you can kiss her。

 she gives you signals for that right and you have like limited amount of times。

 you can do it and then she closes the opportunity。If you're under a time restraint。

It's never good for either one of you。If you're in a rush or you've got to do something in a short time。

You're not paying attention to it。Right。 I agree with you， but often happens that if you don't。啊。

If she allows you， for example， to kiss her， you don't do it。

 then she loses interest and you blow it up。Well， I would say， you know。

 like if I don't like that terminology if she allows you to kiss her。I never looked at it。

 Well just determined Well， it is It is because you are you talking to the person And all of a sudden。

 you want to kiss her and she wants to kiss you or you're asking permission。

If you're asking for a can， I kiss you。I don't know if that's appropriate at that time。

TheThat's right。I would never say， look， I kiss you， please， please， please， please。I wouldn't。

 you know， it's exactly what she says not the magic， there's the romance。You're asking permission。

 You're not even in the ball gameme。そ don know this guy。Yes， sure。

 but I'm not thinking about asking her。 Im。 Well， if you said to me。No。

 you why did you repeat that again what you said I'm not asking but you said should ask her if you can kiss her。

 you should pay attention what she's doing to know if she wants it。That's not what you said before。

I'm I'm pretty sure it's not what he said before。 You sounded like you were asking questions， but。

It's very simple。To escalate talking to a person to go from talking to touching to kissing。

 The conversation has to be going in that direction。Okay， basically。

 And if it's the right time to kiss her， if you're in tune with her， you'll know。

It's not something that I can teach you。Youll know wanted to know， view that。It's very simple。

 it has to escalate， you have to keep the person's attention。

 you they have to be wanting to talk to you。🤢，They're obviously feeling more and more comfortable with you。

If a person doesn't feel comfortable with you， she's not going to want to kiss you。

She doesn't meet you first and say。If I want to kiss him。 No， she wants to talk to you first。

She wants to see if you're a jerk。Guys should not like women。They look at the girl。 Okay， that's it。

 I can sleep with her right now。Don't have to know more than that。A woman doesn't work that way。

 They want to know who they're sleeping with。Where。We're not very smart compared to them。😡。

We think we are。什乜喂。Woman is more discriminating， so you have to be charming， you have to charm her。

You just get。You have to get to know her。What I said before the comfort level。

 her feeling comfortable with you。Is very， very important。She doesn't feel comfortable with you。

I answer answer your question。I just wanted to， because obviously I knew that right。

 okay I wanted to know how you think about that and how you look at it。Depends， there's different。

 there's different scenarios。You go to a bar。You see a girl there。She's talking with her friends。

And she's already。 You look， and you can see she's already had two drinks。

She walk over to her and you offer to buyer a drink and she has another drink with you。

 and then you buy her another drink。Well， if she's had four drinks it's a whole different ball game。

Because that way the culture of different starts because if you buy women drink in Poland。

 we something different in US and Canada really。For example， chicks did not buy drinks to guys。

 usually in Poland。Really。And it's like a woman will never ask you to buy her a j bowl。

 never ever never never never happened to me in my whole life。I'd be a rich man for that。

If I lives in Poland， boy。嗯。It's completely different than the states。The first thing you say is。

 can I buy you a drink？And 99% of the time， they say yes。He was Poland。

Men try to pick up girls like that， but you get into the country as you differently the you know。

 a guy that they can get a drink from and then run away fast as I can。Yeah， answer so。

That's the cultural difference。Thank you， I did not know that。It's interesting。See if I go out here。

 now armed with that information， I would readjust。There's a readjustment all the time。

 a smart person can do that。Different cultural things。

