# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：6._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

St rich guys， the rock stars they go after。hel know。This guy， one of the Beatles there。

 he lived with a girl， his wife died。He lived with another girlfriend。Not a long time。

 couple of years。 And she wants millions。He would have been better off going with a prostitute。

Would have been cheaper。喂。Is important。 Is not it。You're going to go after women like that。

But you have to know what you're dealing with。 If she's that kind of person。

 if she's capable of being like that。You have to see， you have to ask questions。Hi， how are you。

You have kids。At your age group now， you could have a lot of women who had a kid。 the guy ran away。

We're going to tell you something。Iss there a reason why he ran away。

 I wouldn't think about what she's thinking。 I got to think。

 I like to think about what he's thinking。That's more important。What's your favorite food？

 What's your second favorite food， What's your favorite color。I want to bore your girlfriend again。

 for a second。Okay， what's your favorite food。嗯。Spaghetti spaghetti。 So it's Italian， right。Okay。

What's your second favorite food？P싸。Still Italian。 Okay，'re， we're still keeping it back on Italian。

 Okay， you like Chinese food， too， okay。What's your favorite color？嗯。German lia。Lilla， lila。Okay。

What's your second favorite color。What's your favorite fruit？Bananas。Okay。

 what's your second favorite fruit， apples。So I'll tell you right now。You're very。

 you like very fminine things。And you're very romantic。And。You're not as weak as he thinks。Right。

Thank you very much。Now。I don't expect you to be able to do what I do by finding out。 See。

 I everybody went to you heard say bananas We're thinking the other way。Okay。

Bananas didn't tell me what she told you。There's a pattern。

 what kind of food they like to what kind of。Atmosphere they have in their mind， what they like。

It tells me about them。Some are very sexy。 some women are。But。She like， she's a more romantic person。

 She loves romance novels。 I'll tell you right now， She likes those fantasies。

 There's Nothing wrong with that。😊，It's like if one guy tells me I love sports cars。

 the other guy says， I like motorcycles。What， you're wrong because you like sports cars。

 You're wrong because you like motors said no。It's what you like。What flavor ice cream do you like？

You can find out how they think。And this is easy。 You don't have to go out with them。

 You have to ask those questions， and you'll start to。

 you'll start to see which ones you're going to like more， Which ones you're going to be able to。

Get involved with。How many kids you have in your family？Where are you， the oldest， the middle。

 the youngest， you have a lot of children Where are you， It tells you。

The oldest and youngest child are usually the most spoiled。The middle are usually。Better natured。

But there's exceptions every rule。 but that's usually the rule。

The baby and the family is always the baby， you know。If she's the only child， you know。

 only children are different，This helps you determine what you're dealing with。

You'll know a lot more than if you're trying to think of what she's thinking about。

She could be thinking that。Underwear she put on is biting into as。How do you know。You find out。

And's not， there's no question that I can't ask。But。I don't stay on， if I say to her。

Do you like sexy lingerie？She goes， yes， I don't go next into sex again。 I go away from it。

I'm getting information， I don't want her to think that I'm only driving her for sex。If they ask me。

I love。 I love when they ask me。All you want me for is sex。H I tell him always the same answer。

Just a minute， that's a very good question。All I want you for is sex way。I have a back scratcher。

So I don't want you to scratch my back would be nice in a massage， but。HI'm a very good cook。

I keep my apartment very clean。 You're right。What am I doing here。

 Why would I approach a woman if I didn't want sex。Shoose me， I want your car。系咯。来拜。

It's like going into a restaurant， the guy says， well you come here to eat。No。

 I want to get his job as a plumber。No。They ask you these stupid questions， and you。は。

You don't know how to answer them。How do I answer that？If I say she wants me for sex。

 she's going think。Rule number one。other questionsGo ahead。啊， that was是。Likeけど I it was still timing。

おかさ。But it是。You know what， exactly， but you know what？

