# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：5._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is what your training comes in。This is where I'm changing your outlook。

 your outlook from what you're doing wrong to what you have to start doing right。

 I don't want you to change。 Rule number one is so important for you because the first second。

 you ask me a question。It's about rule number one。 I love questions if it's。

 if it's not about rule number one。It usuallyly about rule number two。

You don't let anybody put you down。 if they put you down， if they say， oh， you'rere I go， yeah， yeah。

 yeah， Okay， Yes， you're right。 You're right。 You're right。 I'm not going argue with them。

You're laughing。IOne time a girl says to me。Ive seen you here before。

 I heard a lot of things about you。 I look at her go， yeah， everything you heard is true。

I call her a liar， the person lied to you。It's easier。Oh yeah。

I went out with her and I slept with her。She thought I was a bad boy。She was right。

But it didn't stop me from enjoying myself and her enjoying herself？You don't put a woman down。

Why would you go out with a woman？Who you don't like。And when a woman puts themselves down。Oh。

 I'm not good at this， and I have whoa whoa， listen。I stopped them。

Don't put yourself down in front of me。 You can do it at your home or with your parents。

 but don't do it in front of me。 I like you。 Don't think I'm going to change my impression because I like you already。

See， this is where your strength comes in。You're strong enough to tell her what you want。😡。

I don't want you to put yourself down， I wouldn't want to be with a woman that's no good。

I want to think of you as better。And you lead， once you start to lead。

 they follow and they like what you're doing。I asked the woman in the train station， what's do。

Thing that attracts you to。Every woman answers the same thing。

Every women's magazine when to have the surveys， it's always the same thing。First。Is sensory。

Not books。 Not the size of your penis。Sense of humors。そして。公める？She wants。Love it。

Second thing is strength。When I say strength， it's not how much weight you can lift。

Because then you'd win everybody here， you know？it's not that kind of。

 The strength is knowing where you want， not being afraid of them。The strength is leading。

That's a strength。 Everybody likes the leader。Here， within a woman。If you want her to lead you。

 I'm sure you see lots of guys with the woman leading the guy around， eh？

And you look at that and you go。Oh， she's cute， but I don't know if I could live like that。

And all the time， these guys have problem。The first thing the woman will tell the guy is。

If you'll change， I'll stay with you。 If you change， I won't leave you。 if you change no。

A woman woman told me once she wants me to change， and I told her。I like the person I am。

 I've evolved to the person I really like。 I'm not interested in changing。If you don't like me， go。

That should be everybody's attitude rule number two。If you don't find， I'm worth being with get out。

Don't try to change me。There' are certain guys that say change your character and you'll meet lots of women。

Yeah。😊，That's like going back to those movies where the guy。

They put two hats on the guys and they change brains， you know？We can't do that。

Women don't want what you think they want。The first two things are more important than what a guy looks like or how tall or how short he is or how big his penis is。

I used to go after tall women。 I'm a short guy。 I went after tall women。

Every system you going after the tall women。 You're not afraid。 I go， no。I realized。The tall women。

 if they're going to wait for the tall guys to approach him and the guys are sitting here in a seminar with David X。

 I'm better off。My wife。Hes taller than me。She's better looking at me， too。

A hell of a lot better looking at me。But when I told her。I'm going to Europe on a seminar。

So how long are you going to be。I said， maybe 18 days。So you're coming back for Christmas。 I go， no。

So okay。She wasn't happy， but she didn't give me any argument。Because it's not something。

 I didn't ask her。Can I go， please， please let me go。I told her I'm going。It's a relationship。

Honesty， trust and respect。I have no problem。I did in my lifetime， I wish for every one of you guys。

Do 2%。 and you'll be very， very happy。Okay。I was a bachelor till I was 45 years old。

I had when I met my current wife。I was dating four other women。She was the new one coming in because。

When you're dating or you're seeing a lot of women。

 we call them a harem or a stable or whatever you want to call them。Certain times a year。

 you lose them no matter how good you are。Christmas， New Year's。

 Valentine's Day in North America is very big。You know it's where you have the hearts and the flowers。

 you know， the cupid and all that。So I was preparing to restock。

And I decided at that point that I wanted to have children。

 and I wanted to change to focus in my life。It's enough。And I did。

That's when I started to teach guys like you。Ca I couldn't believe how many guys。

Didn't have a good time。 Don't have fun。Are afraid， afraid of what It's like。

It's the best thing that ever happened to me。I learned so much。 I experienced so much。

I can walk into a room。And I can， almost。Smell the women I want。

There are chemical reactions in men and women。Natural。We give out certain odors。

 every animal species does when they get in heat， they give out certain。Smell。And we have hearing。

We have sight， we have taste， and we have smell。We don't rely on our natural instinct。

Were always thinking。What she's thinking。There's body language。 There's。

 I give courses in body language。 It's easy。 A first you have to be able to start dating women。

 you might not need to go that route。No。😔，Some guys are very happy dating different women and they sleeping with a few women and they。

 it's good。You don't have to change your focus。 You don't have to。 You have to stay focused。

What your focus is is what's important。嗯。Women want men who are experienced。the days of。

2 virgins getting married。I mean， to me， that's a scary thought。I was about。

I'd say about 28 years old。And I。Was working in a company that hired a new accountant。

I was talking to the guy。I say， how long you married。Tells me he's married a long time ago。

 How old were you when you got married， He's 18。She says， wow。I said。

 how many women did you have before that， he goes， that was my first。I go。 and her first。

 You're her first， yeah。He tells me on their wedding night， they didn't even know what to do。I said。

 I would have hung myself。18 years old， one woman， and that's it。

I can't understand why he would do it。And he was never， you know what you could see。

A girl passed in front of him， he was like this all the time。

I believe something will happen later on。Later on， you know what they say men go through。

I forgot what they call it when， when。The guy goes through and。Gets rid of his wife。

 buys a sports car， you know。Was it called Yes， midlife crisis。Hi， guess I never had one。

My midlife crisis started， I guess when I was。A kid till I got married。

I never had to worry about that。So I can't understand， I see guys doing it。

 I don't can't stand to be with her。Palk into one guy one day。He tells me he just got divorced。

So how old are you he， tellss me，45。 I go， you got divorced at 45。But I got married at 45， he goes。

 oh he says I was sitting at the table。About a month earlier， his daughter got married。 A last child。

 He had a son and a daughter a tooth。 I don't remember。 He says。

 And I'm sitting at the table reading a newspaper。 Am I scared giving up shit。

He puts down the newspaper and says， I don't have to stay here anymore。 I don't need this。Goodbye。

 he walked out of the house， gave her the house and they start a new life。Dating。

 he's driving a sports guy。He says you don't miss her。 You don't no， I'm so happy I left。对这可。对。

How many women did you have before he met her？Maybe one or two young girls。No experience。You know。

 it's like。It's a joke。 Another joke， I'll tell you， I like this one。Guy sitting at the table。

The wife is why don't you buy this， why don' you buy that since she says in one basis。

I had a fabulous dream last night。 I dreamt you bought me a beautiful white mink coat。😊。

He looks here he goes， oh， it's very nice。 When you go to sleep tonight， enjoy it。这是我的特。

I was just telling him I had another friend。Used to buy his girlfriend's jewelry。 I said。

 you spend so much money in those women。 you're cheap， he says to me。I said。

 I don't want to buy it if I'm going to spend that kind of money， since' I going into a hooker。

A prostitute， you know。He谁道 know？I bump into him again。Because after he had kids。

Not that we start being friends， but， you have different interests。You know。

 you don't go over there anymore because he's got the kids， you know。So， I see him。

And I see he's in the store buying something he says。Hello20 years ago。

 when I saw you were buying jewelry for your wife。 now you're buying jewelry for your wife。 He goes。

 nice。You see， 20 years ago， he told me， I buy her a beautiful ring and boy。

 do they have great sex after that？So I said， so you're going to have great text and I go goes。

 are you kidding， He's an na a buyer a Mercedes a diamond ring and a mink coat。

 and I lucky if I get a kiss。You can't buy them。Because there's always another guy in front of you with more money。

It's like。The girls who go out with rock stars。I mean。They're rock stars。You can't compete with them。

 don't try。You can't compete with women who go after multimillionaires。

They could have any woman they want。And they changed， they changed like， I date。

 they change with women。They could have anything they want。Wantna have a good time。You know。

When a woman goes out with a very wealthy man and he wants to break up with her。

 she goes to see a lawyer。 She can assume to take some more of his money。Hey。

 you've heard plenty of times you hear that story， eh？It's not something new。

You're lucky that when you don't have a lot， they usually don't go after you。

