# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：2._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

My whole system， if you call it a system。Works on very， very simple and basic things。I ask a woman。

 every woman I asked the same question。What is the most important thing in a relationship？Now。

 a relationship is not only just with a woman。 It's a relationship you have with your family。

 Ya have be with your boss， you have with your friend， friend to friend。Relating to another person。

And I ask a woman， it's for me， it's a trick question。It's a trick because I tricked them。

 I tell them， I'm going give you the answer。 And if your answer is not exactly like mine。

 I will bet you。 and you'll be the judge。That you'll agree with me on my answer。

If they want to bet something， I bet a kiss。And they're the ones who's going to judge。

So I say to them。What's the most important thing well。Very rarely。 they get it right。

And I tell him like this。Honesty。Trust。respects。That's the basis of a relationship。

If you start with that， you cannot have a problem。If the woman doesn't like you because you're honest。

 you don't need her。You don't need to be with her。 You don't have to put your penis in her。

There's lots more out there。Because I'm sure that all the guys in this room。

 there's at least another two groups of guys having the same problems as you。

 actually there's so many more， it's unbelievable。Now， honesty， trust and respect。

It's like I tell it to the women I tell them。You have to be honest。You can't trust me right away。

 but you have to build your trust。And respect。There's two kinds of respect。

There's only two kinds of respect， one is admiration。Do respect me cause you admire me。

The other one is fear。😡，You respect somebody because you're afraid of them。And I always tell them。

 I take which one I could get。