# 17、大卫X规则【一致性】：12._【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

You have to focus。And I definitely， if they ask your age for you， particularly， never tell them。

 you don't look 41。That I'll tell you right now。But perhaps I want to also share a story with this one。

 sure。Hing unbelievable for me。 It was a girl。 She was a。hi有 me like。I said we are not small。

 I'm a Russian girl and I talk to her。 And she just turned away。 And on this day， I was not nice guy。

 I was pissed because I said， I talked to her。 She turns away So I turned around again。

 not with force just。Hey， I'm talking to you。 You can't turn it wrong。 He said， yeah。

 but I'm not talking to you。 I should turn him again。How rude are you I turned around again。

 This whole thing went on four or five times。And after the fifth time， I didn't want。

 as well as not a pickup routine or something。 After the fifth time， the whole attitude。

 this is like， you can't figure them out， change。 It all crled and she said， hey。

 I'm scissor scissors。Aquariious downsing。What'ser I I'm very emotional。 You're hurting my feeling。

 And she said， oh， I'm too， it's unbelievable。 she fell on my。Story short。

 we kissed after a short while。 we dated。 We slept on the first meeting。 This was like。

The moment in my life， I couldn't couldn't believe。 And she was really。This is first time nose。

nothingけ。Basically just you had been persistent。Persisted， persisted， persistent。

 and then I was right， you get to do like comfort。You know guys that like usually you're right。

 usually when I tell him to hold my chest， I can put your hand right here。I usually do the。

 I'm from the Plan X。I give my son。 I need a hug。But this。

 this you have to gauge if youll work or not。 because not everybody wants to hug you the first time。

 But a hug is pretty good， I tell。In my planets when we hug we had sex。And I do the hand on my chest。

Then later， when I'm making out with them and they push my hand away， I say， I stop go。

 wait a minute。Let's not forget who touched who first。Istand so。

I prepare for what you said to be pushed away。I used to tell them all the time。 I got。

 you can't stop me。 It's not my fault。 I got Roman hands and Russian fingers。

Roaming in English is like， going everywhere。Okay， so I would tell them I got， it's not my fault。

 I got Roman hands and rushing fingers。So， it's。You're right。

 persistence is the way and if somebody would have told you。go ahead go back again go back again如건。

No， no， she's going to push me， but you did you， but it's right。You'd be surprised。

 a lot of relationships are when the woman right away turns you around。

 That's why I said she probably it was a test for the guy。He said， I'll buy you a drink。

 Would' you like to go for She goes， no， I would have said， well buy me one。You know。

 you could say anything they want a reaction。They will think best was that his reaction was not only be。

Emotion。honest you know what， So many men are afraid。To show their emotions。

By being if they show emotions they're not macho。And women。Hate macho， guys。So now here's a scale。

I don't want to show my emotions。 I want to be macho。Women hate macho guys。

So no matter how high you go， you're below。If you show a emotion motion like you did。哎。Right away。

They're looking at you differently。I have。A friend of mine， he when he talks to a woman。

 he's so animated。I couldn't do it because it's not my way， but he used to go。 They would tell him。

 oh he go， really， wow， fantastic。 Oh no， my God， you know。And。And I would say to myself。

 he sounds so obnoxious， but they love it。I love it。 I could never figure out。

You can tell him in a group of people， that's him over there， you can hear him talking。

It's always the loudest guy in the room。You know。Do you want a popcorn， you're in a theater。

 everybody's， you want a popcorn two with the chips。You know， shut up。比如。These are the guys。

 They go for guys like that。 You'd figure nobody wants to be with that guys obnoxious。Go figure。

How can I find out the border or isn't there a border。Assistant， but just to。もと人事。You you know。

He gives himself a set of rules。