# 18、RSD泰勒 《基础与高级游戏》：正宗社交力学 DVD 6【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Mnu changing。Venue changing is。Cruciial， it's a big piece。Why is venue changing great， For one thing。

 the more venues that you've been together。The more experiences that she's had with you。

So you've just lowered your flaking problem。Your flakking problem has gone down because you have moved into different venues together。

What do we call that， That's almost like wide rapport。 That's like a wide rapport right there。

 because you have all these little fun experiences together。😊，So venue changing is great。Now。

 the number one rule for venue changing。 and once you understand this。

 you'll find venue changing a lot easier。 N one rule， I put in capital letters here。😡。

Overhype wherever you're going。😡，It's what it's all about。Wherever it is that you're going to go。

 overhype it， exaggerate it， make it sound like the coolest thing you've ever done。

 no matter how ridiculous it is。 So， you know what。We're going to go to my favorite diner。

It's called Mel's Diner。And it has。The coolest。Forks and knives。You've ever seen。

And they've got like these napkins。They're so good。Any mess that you could have。

You just clean up right there。Like that。 It's awesome。

Your mind is going to expand when you go to this place。 It's amazing。 whatever it is that you say。

 okay。Blow it up out of proportion， just exaggerate it， make it sound like。Awesome。

Here's the reason why you do that。If the girl doesn't like you， she's not going anywhere with you。

Okay， so it doesn't matter， right， If that girl is not interested， she's not going anywhere。

 or even if she can't get away from her friend， she's probably not going anywhere but。

Chances are if she's talking to you for that long， she is interested and she does want to talk to you。

But what she needs for you to do is to take that burden。

Of accountability off of her shoulders and give her the reason to go。So by overhyping it， you know。

 she knows the deal。 She knows what's going on。 That's fine。

 But you want to overhype it so that when you move her， she can， you know。

 she can go to her friends and say， he's bring us to the coolest place。

 He's bringing us the coolest place。 And then it has that reason。 So you're giving her that reason。

 You always want to be providing the girl with reasons to do what she wants to do with you。

 giving her those logical excuses to do what she emotionally wants to do。

That is how you will move forward。Absolutely crucial part of this。Question。

What's your suggestion for if like I hadn't been in New York to know like another place and I don't know the place that to you know overhype it。

's what's another okay， key with that Well， I mean， in New York， new in a town。Okay。

 you're new in town。All right， that was a good question。When I go into a new town。

What I want to figure out。Where's the place that I'm staying in relation to the clubs that I'm going out。

In between there， where are the restaurants that are going to be open after hours？

That's the next thing I want to figure out， so。What you want to do is you're at the club。

You can either move her to another club。Another part of the club that you're already in。

Or to a restaurant。You could bring her straight back to your hotel， straight back to your house。 but。

 that makes things a little bit more difficult。Right。I think for guys who like to drink or smoke pot。

 I think their lives are a lot easier than it for me。Because see， I don't。

 I don't drink I don't smoke pot And so I don't have that same excuse。 But for guys who want to。

 you know， who want to go do that。You got an excuse to get a go back to house like that instantaneously。

 right， My friends like to do that。 They have no problem getting go to go back。

 And the reason why is because the girls know that if they go back to the house， you know。

 they're gonna be comfortable because theyre gonna be having fun。

 What the girls really want to know What they want to know is they're gonna be having fun。

 That's what it comes down to。 It's like， am I gonna to be going to this place with this guy and be bored out of my mind。

😊，Or am I gonna go to this place with this guy and be having fun。 So whatever it is。

 she's got to understand that it fun。 If there's dancing there， if there's people there。

 if it's a different party， you know， when you get to know your city。

 you get to know about after parties， you get to know about。😊，You know。

 all sorts of different things that are going on， different restaurants。

 You want to find that out when you get into the city， at least in my opinion， because。You know。

 most guys will get into a new city， and they're not really in the mindset to meet women。

 They're not carrying condoms on them。I bet if I ask you guys this room how many of you are carrying condoms on you。

 it's probably just a couple of you because you're not in that mindset that it could happen， know。

 finding out where the venues are， a lot of guys won't even take their dirty underwear off of their bed。

Back at their house。 So theyt want So then a girl actually does like them。

 They don't want to bring them home because their bed is messy or something like that。

 So the thing is you want to have， you know， you want to have a situation where things are comfortable。

 right that you can move things forward。There's a million different things that you can use to venue change。

 You can say， you know what， I'm going to introduce you to some of my friends。You know what。

 I'm here with some very cool people。Would you like to join us？ That's a great one。 You say。

 you know what， I'm here with some very cool， interesting people。

 Would you like to join me or would you like to join us。😊，She says yes， bangang。 that's a great one。

 too， because。If you're talking to a girl and you've been doing most of the talking。

And this goes back to your question before about where you were doing the majority of the talking。

 if you say I'm here with some very cool people， would you like to join us and she does decide to do that。

 then when you go to sit down， she understands that she's going to be called upon to contribute。

At least you shouldt understand that， or's going to any common sense， right？That's a great one。

 introduce it to your friends， another one。Introducuce it to new people in the club。

 We talked yesterday about conspiracies， you know making it up that you just got married。

 going and talking to different people in the club， that's great。

 Go introduce her to different people in the club。 That's always a good one，' always fun。In fact。

 I've seen situations where I've been out and I will actually start introducing so many different people to each other that I become like the social hub and it just gives you so much social energy flowing in your direction when you can introduce people to each other and create those little connections and fun vibes and especially when you're starting out that's good because if you run out of stuff to say you can just direct someone over to somebody else and you might find that a little bit might sort of take a bit of the conversational pressure off of you when you're first learning how to talk to people。

Another great one， but not so much for me， but I've seen a lot of guys have success with it is take on the dance floor。

I can do that， but usually things that happen aren't good。

But for any of you guys who do know how to dance。Yeah， I see it。 thumbs up back there。 Yeah。

 that can be。That can be a good one。 That can be really good。 You know， you take her to dance。

 It's an excuse to get away from our friends。 It's an excuse to have fun。 You know， to me， dancing。😊。

The way that I've seen guys have success with it， what I don't like about dancing is like trying to know sort of grind up on girls as they're trying to hang out their friends。

 What I like is you open the girl off the dance floor， You talk to her for a bit。

 You bring her on the dance floor and you don't get caught up in like you know。

 the three hour dance marathon。 right What you do is you just sort of。😊，You know。

 you take her off the dance floor， maybe say 15 minutes later， talk to her some more。

 maybe you can go back on， back off。 You can do it like that。 I think that that， to me。

 is moving things forward。 That's that aspect of venue changing that we talked about where you've been in different venues together and。

You know， you're creating that kind of。That kind of we've been in multiple situations together。

 we've had this little adventure together kind of kind of scenario。

Take her to go get a drink at the bar。Water is good you don't have to buy or drink take her to see different parts of the club when you guys are in the club。

 you'll see different cool parts of the club and you can overhype them I know in one club that I like to go to they have really interesting seats in different parts of the club So I'll say here I'll show you the bubble chair come over here and I'll show it to her。

Find out different things in the club that you can take her and go and show her。

Taking her to a different venue， Great。 If there's another venue on the same street。

 move her over there。 that can go well or not so well。

 depending on how well you can get into that venue。 You know。

 sometimes you go to that other venue and just the girls get in and。And then they say。

 see you later and you just sit there。That sucks， you know， so that can happen too。

 so it's probably good if you go to a venue where you can actually get in。嗯。After parties are great。

 I would even encourage you guys。 if you， you know。

 if you want to go this far to sort of get a after party going even at your own house， that can be。

 that can be fantastic。 It can also be bad if you get stuff stolen。

 My friend had his laptop stolen when he did that。 So keep that in mind。

 you you might be inviting over some shady people， but。😊，Yeah， you know。

 having afterpart at your own house， knowing where after parties are， anything like that。

 that's great stuff， guys basically。Don't get too caught up in the venue change in the sense that sometimes a venue change is not the best idea。

 Sometimes you talk to the girl， it's just not going to happen。 She's with her friends。

 It's best just to get a number right there。 But if you can do it， go for it。😡。

The best time to go for the venue change is on what we call a buying temperature spike。😡。

If you say something that's completely hysterical。 and then you say。

 and then while she's cracking up， laughing， you say。Kmer， you've got to see this。

 It's so cool because she's laughing， she's going to go for it。If it's on a dip in the conversation。

 probably she's not going to go for it。 So when you suggest the venue change。

 the best time to do it is at a peak part of the interaction。As a sort of a newbie mission。

 what you can do to sort of figure this out。You could almost as a sort of a newbie mission。

 you could do an exercise where you try to get her laughing as much as possible and see how quickly you can venue change her。

This is what I did。In order to get very， very good at venue changing。When I was first starting out。

I would get the girl laughing as hard as I could as quickly as possible。 Just funny， funny， funny。

 funny， get her laughing， get， get her practically， know， P pants laughing and then。😊，Sa。Come on go。

Like that。 And whatll happen when you're always trying to go for the venue change。

 when you're always going for it at all times， what you're gonna find is that you're gonna realize when the right time is。

 you're gonna start to figure it out。 You're gonna sense it。 You're gonna figure that out。

 That's how I did it。 right now， when I talk to a woman， I know at all times。

 whether or not she'd be willing to venue change or not。 I know it。 I don't even have to ask。

 I know if she's what ready to go。 How did I figure that out。Because I had venue changed。

Several thousand women。So I know that。At this point， she's going to say no。At this point。

 she's gonna say yes， I can see it in her eyes where she's at how much fun she's having。

 and yeah you know you can figure it out to about 99%。

 The way that you do that though is through trial and error。

 So that's what we talked yesterday about some think they're gonna to build the perfect approach and they're gonna figure out how to do this。

 and then there's gonna do one approach and have it all down。

 this whole thing is a lot of trial and error。 That's why you have to view it all as a social experiment。

 Everything that you're doing as a social experiment。 You could be doing amazing with a girl。

 you try to venue change and the whole thing kind of tanks but you learn from that you learn from that mistake and then the next one you'll probably get。

 And if you don't get that one， you'll get the next one。

 But the point is you will figure it out sooner or later。 But if you get that venue changing down。

Like when I teach a boot camp， when I teach the live in field programs where I take the guys out。

 I'm always trying to get them to do venue changes。

 even if I know that he probably can't get the venue change right away。

 I'll still come whisperers here try for the venue change just so he can see where they're not going to get it and I want to get him doing that because any guy who takes a program。

Where he practice venue changing all weekend is a lot more likely to have success after the program because he's built that into him。

 likewise with phone numbers， I always want a guy who takes a lot of program to work on getting phone numbers。

 why， because a guy who's got it on autopilot， a guy who automatically goes for that number is probably going to have a lot more success than a guy who doesn't。

What you guys want to do is do that for yourselves。

 you want to be pushing yourself to go for that number， to go for that venue change。

 to see what happens， and it can be tough。The reason that is tough is because when you've got a great interaction going and you're feeling all validated and you're feeling the warmth of the female energy on you and all that stuff and then you go for it and she says no it kind of bursts your bubble。

 it can dealidate what you've just done and that's why you you're gonna have a certain reservation about doing it because you're not going want to eliminate the progress that you've made but if you think of it this way if you don't want just mental masturbation and you want to actually get some success here。

 you do have to push yourself through that， you have to logically look at it and say you know what。

 I'm doing it anyway， so do it， work on that venue change。We talked about going to eat。

How about going back to your house？You want to have some kind of reason to get back to your house。

 always have a reason。😡，Do you have pictures at your house that you want to show her。

 do you have some really， really funny movie， do you have some kind of reason to go back to your house。

 do you have drinks back at your house for those of you who like to drink， whatever it is。

 have a reason to get back to that house。Likewise， have a reason to go to your room。

What is your reason to go to your room？Same thing。Do you have a digital camera。

 do you want to show some pictures？Here， I'll show you some pictures， walk over。

 sit down in your bed。You know， you're sitting。She's standing there。She's going to sit down too。

If she doesn't want to sit down， tell her you're not allowed to sit down。Right， play with it。 don't。

 don't do it。 you're not。 No， don't。 I'm gonna sit here。 You're gonna stand there。 It's all good。

 It's all cool。 Just chill out to stand there。 Stan up。 comfy， comfy。 Hey， you're coming。

Throw on the bed。 Okay， that's what you want to do。 In fact， you know。

 a great way to get her girl on the bed is just to throw over your shoulder。

And just carry like a caveman into the other room and just dumper on the bed。

A lot of time girls prefer that because you're taking the burden of responsibility off of her shoulders。

 So that's a great one， too。I talk about sort of being commanding。A lot of the time。

 the best way to move things forward is just to give commands， sit down。Just say it。

The girl wants you to lead， she wants you to lead the situation， so I just command it。How about sex？

You'll find that when you're very， very good。😡，At meeting women。

You're going to have more and more situations where a woman's back in your bedroom。

But sometimes it does take a little bit of figuring out to learn how to create the best outcome possible when it comes to sex。

A lot of guys will go for it too quickly， they don't know how to slowly escalate。Remember。

 we talked about women being like a volume knob， men being like a light switch。

You want to escalate slowly。Depending on the girl， obviously， that's not always the case。

 especially that she's really into you。One of the great ways to do it。Is as you're moving forward。

 if she's not into it to pull off。In the same way as when you're in a nightclub and you can say。

 you know go away and then she's going to want to stay。

 or you're to say you and I don't get along and she's going to want to show that you get along。

 you can also roll off and sort of tease her a bit so that she's putting the work in。

 you can do that too。That same elastic band snapback effect of saying， know。

 I hate you and her saying no， I want you to like me is the same thing that you can do in the bedroom if it's not moving forward。

Some girls like a lot of dominance。Some girls want a guy who will take charge that will show a lot of dominoeance。

If you don't understand what that means， figure it out。On the other hand。

Some girls don't like that at all。 It freaks them out and it turns them off。

Some girls want to be the ones who initiate everything。They want to be the one who initiates on you。

So a lot of the time。The best thing to do when you get to the bedroom， you know， prayerer on the bed。

And then actually jump out of bed and start showing her your Thirs or showing you something silly。

 show her the view。Then go sit on the bed and talk for a bit and let her work to make it happen with you。

 And you can sense that you guys， when you start getting good at this。

 you'll see things that'll happen where you'll be talking to a girl。😡，And she'll be chasing you。

 and she'll chase you so hard， you'll be actually in disbelief。

But as soon as you move forward towards her in any way。Los attraction instantly。

 and you're gonna sense that。 You're gonna start to feel and you're gonna to learn from your experiences。

 Some girls， on the other hand， who like a dominant guy， you know。

 you'll move away from her and she'll just sit there。 And if you say Cam， she'll say no。

 And then you have to actually let's go。 And then she likes that。

 she'll start giggling when you do that。So it depends on the girl。

 different girls respond to different things， but when you're in bed， you can figure that out。

The other， this is very old school， we call wash rinse repeat。W wash rinse repeat means this。

If a girl says stop， you stop。That means to stop。 Okay， you're done。 We'll pick it up on another day。

 But if a girl， you know， say that you go to escalate。 and she's like， no， no。

But that really means if she still wants to keep making out and all that， it means not yet。

 It always means not yet if she's still enjoying fooling around。So when we say washhers repeat。

 what we really mean is。If you' move it forward and it's not going forward。Keep going。

 try it again later。Some girls have the weirdest， weirdest things about them when it comes to sex some girls。

We'll have sex with the guy， but will not kiss the guy。I remember once a buddy of mine。He told me。

 yeah， there's this girl。 We've been dating for a while now。 She will not kiss me。I said， well。

 have you tried having sex？He's like， well， she won't kiss me。 I said， look。

 why don't you see she'll have sex to you even if she won't kiss you and he called me back the next day and they'd had sex。

 And apparently at the end of the night he went to go kiss her goodbye。 She's like， no， I can't。

 some girls will only do it doggy style because they think if they're on their stomachs。

 it doesn't count。Some girls willt only do it if you're on top。 Some girls。

 you could be in the bedroom fooling around and they won't do it。 And then you go come。

 you bring them into the bathroom。 You turn the light off in the bathroom。

 and they'll do it in there。You don't know， you don't know what the reason could be。

 There's no way to know。 It could be anything。So。You want to find that out and you get that just by。

 you know， it's like like a combo log， you just play around it until you find whatever she likes。

Don't argue with token resistance。 You guys have to understand the difference between real resistance and token resistance。

😡，If she's still attracted and she's into it and she wants more touching than is token resistance。😡。

If she's pulling away and she's not cool with it， that's real resistance， that's time to stop。

It's really， you know， when in doubt just stop， but the point is is that you the is most of the time girls don't just go。

 okay， let's have sex， take their clothes off， it just happens， usually you fool around， fool around。

 it escalates， sometimes over multiple day twos， or day three， day four， whatever it is。

Go for it when it's right， okay。You know， one of the things that I do a lot too。

Is even in the bedroom， I'll joke around and make it ridiculous。Like I might tickle a girl。

 I might blow on her stomach and make funny noises on her stomach， anything to keep her laughing。

A lot of the time， if you could just make it not too serious， make it just ridiculous。

 because the girl's having fun and she can tell that you don't take it too seriously。

 she'll just go with the flow andll she'll want to do it too。

Other times you know you want to be more passionate。

 more dominant or you want to fractionate the word fractionate sort going back and forth between the two fractionate between being very passionate。

 very dominant and then just being sort of silly， sort of backing off a great way to tell where the girl is at you always want to be sort calibrating where she's at because you never want to go too far is lean away lean off a little bit and see if she is coming towards you。

 I'm always always doing that because if your girl doesn't want to have sex I'm not just I'm not gonna to just go okay and then that's it but what I'm the reason why I can do that is because I'm always leaning back and seeing if she's coming towards me I'm always giving the girl the chance to leave I'm always making sure I think that's one of the biggest things with sex it's a girl who you don't know that well especially she always has to understand that she can get up and leave at any point is totally cool it's not a big deal So if you're always sort of rolling off and she's sort of and she's coming back towards you then you can keep escalating and you can keep going through that resistance。

 always giving her the chance。To just get out of there。

 if the girl understands that she can leave at any point， she's going to feel a lot more comfortable。

It's the same kind of thing as when you're at a nightclub what some guys will do is if a girl's in the corner。

 they'll go right into the corner and start talking to her but that's actually really bad because she has no escape route know whenever you're talking to a girl。

 she always has to have the opportunity to leave， you always have to give her that opportunity to get out of the situation so that she feels comfortable otherwise you're just going against yourself。

Gentlemen， let's talk about phones。😡，How do you work the phone。

 a lot of guys that have a lot of trouble working the phone is crazy。😡。

That's one of those sticking points that you'll come up on， you will get very。

 very good at approaching。😡，But when you go to start using the phone。

It will have a lot of difficulty explain where your problems are with the phone because it's probably very。

 very common。 Tell me exactly how you feel。Its， I just want guys to understand how common it is。

 My main problem is dead air， which is the main problem I have when I'm actually talking face to face with them。

 I run out of something I'm ready to say。 and I just stare at the phone。😊。

And my brain locks and I go think， think， think， think there's something there's thousands of things to talk about。

 think of one thing to say， think of something to say， say it and then nothing Yeah。

 then I'm like all right， see you by Now do you find that when you're out of the club？

When you start to roll， like start when you talk to a few people， you become more relaxed。

 more talkative。😡，A bit Last night was the first and only time， really that I've done that。

 and it was there were a couple moments where it was natural。

 but most of it was forced and uncomfortable。 Okay， you know， when you've got a girl's number。

Your inclination is going to be not to call。Everything is going to tell you that you shouldn't call her。

 even though it doesn't make any sense at all。The reason why is because you've gotten a boost of validation。

😡，From getting your number， you feel good about it。😡。

And if you go and call her and it doesn't work out。Then you're not going to feel good about anymore。

And it's going to make you feel deflated。The important thing to realize。

 you have to realize this at all times。😡，Is that if a girl blows you off on the phone。😡。

It does not dealate the fact that you did a great initial approach。

It doesn't take away the fact that that was a great approach。😡，You don't know why。

That girl might not have responded well， there's no way that you can predict that you guys don't know。

The girl might have liked you in the moment。But had a boyfriend。

Girls with boyfriends will still give their numbers out to guys。But just not answer their calls。

A lot of girls who live in big cities that go out a lot will never pick their phones up。

 they just don't pick their phones up because they've given their number out to so many guys that they just don't take messages and they call back the messages that they want to call back。

The girl could be busy。The girl could have。Anything going on in her life。

As a reason why she's not going to meet up with you。Oftentimes when you meet girls。

 they're drunk and you can't tell。Girls are very good at talking and coming across very intelligent when they're drunk a lot of time when they're hammered it's very obvious。

 but when a girls's had a few drinks， a lot of time they still seem completely normal。

 they seem totally， you know especially coming from my perspective as a nondrinker。

 I just in my reality everyone's sober and so I don't notice these kinds of things。So the thing is。

 is that。You know， there's any multitude of reasons why that girl might not remember you。

 why she you know why it might not work out， why she doesn't want to meet up。

 but what you will find and this is one of the really kind of shocking things when you first start meeting women is that there'll be these girls who are so receptive to you they are so friendly to you。

 they're so nice to you and you go to call them up and it's a totally different vibe it's almost as if you're talking to a different person。

You know， you've got to remember a lot of girls， just like guys can lack maturity and when they go out to the club。

 they get excited， they give out numbers， they do it all the time and because they lack maturity。

 they're not comfortable when a man calls them up to talk to them。

 they just don't know how to handle it because they give out the number to so many different guys。

 they've developed a response where。They just kind of lock up。

Some girls give out their phone numbers to every guy。

And they want guys to call them because they feed off of the attention。

 I've met girls who will do mass text messages and text message every guy on their phone list with。

 you， little flirtatious comments just to see how many guys will give them back attention。

You have no way to know what's going on， and if a girl does that to you， is that your issue or hers？

What do you guys think？It's hers。 That's some kind of validation。

 self esteem issue that she's dealing with。 It has nothing to do with you。So you don't know， okay。

 there could be a million0 one reasons why that girl doesn't call you， you don't know。

 so don't think about it too much， don't let dealate the fact that you did a fantastic approach because it might not have anything to do with it。

Another reason why you might feel apprehensive using the telephone is because you're used to being able to read a girl's body language。

😡，When you talk to a girl face to face， you're seeing her， you're feeling her presence。

 you know you can interact， you feel a lot more comfortable when you're going on the telephone。

 it's like going blind。😡，You're just talking to a voice， that's it。In fact。

Calling your girl on the telephone is kind of a shift because say that you're sitting at home by yourself。

 you're not doing anything， you're very inside your head， and then you go to make a phone call。

 you've been just talking yourself in your mind， you've been talking to other people。

 you're stuck inside your head。😡，And all of a sudden， you're talking to someone。 It's like。

 It's almost like being in a warm pool and a cold pool， just。Boom it's kind of like a shock。

 so that can feel a little bit weird as well。嗯。This goes away with practice。With practice。😡。

You will learn to get over that。Now let me tell you guys how I practiced， here's what I did。

I went through a period of time where I was very， very good at getting phone numbers。

But it bothered me because I couldn't get the girls to come out with consistency that I wanted to。

So what I did。Was the first habit that I implemented was something I mentioned before was that I started getting the phone number of every girl that I could。

Every girl whose number who would offer me her number， I would get it。Eventually。

 and you know this might sound like a lot to you guys， but when you've been doing this for a while。

 you'll see this is not really that much。 I had about 200 phone numbers。

Built up in a little Zloc bag of little pieces of paper。

So what I did was I put those all into a computer。I put them in my laptop。

And rather than going out because I used to like to go out every night。

 I said I'm not gonna go out until I've called every single one of these numbers， that's what I did。

 So I had my laptop， girls name， phone number， hold us like that。

 And what I started doing was just calling through those numbers say around you know7 o'clock at night。

😡，Between seven and a little bit before10。I would just start calling those numbers and what was interesting about it。

Was I got that same effect。That you get when you go out to a club and you start talking to people。

Or the first couple numbers I'd call， I wouldn't be that talkative。I'd be stuck in my head。

But after I would call a couple of those numbers， I'd warm up and I'd become talkative。😡。

Another thing that I did was when I would talk to the girls。

 I actually would sort of jot down the things that we talked about into my laptop。😡。

Okay now now look， you know what， it's dorky， you know what， yeah， it's dorky， okay。

 that's what I did is Dorky。Well， it's my life， right？

You only have one life to live and I wanted to get better at this and I knew it would help and it did help so I did it and if I wouldn't have done it。

 I probably wouldn't have the girlfriend that I had right now。

 so screw it man that's what I did and by writing down you know the little things that we talked about when I went to the next phone call because I had trouble talking on the phone I could sometimes bring up those previous conversation topics as a way to get my mouth moving as a way to get myself talking。

Until I became comfortable with it。So that's definitely a great way to approach it now when you call the girl on the phone。

A lot of the time， your inclination is going to be to call and say what's up， how you doing。

 what are you up to， and that could be fun， know from where I'm coming from now。

I can do that and get a pretty good result with it。But if you guys are first starting out with this。

What I think is probably a little bit of a better approach is as soon as you call。

 launch into a story。Immediately， just launch right into a story。😡。

If you call her up and you launch right into a story， she'll start laughing。

She'll be laughing her head off， she'll be having a good time。

 and then that will warm her up for more conversation。

Sometimes what'll wind up happening if you just call me and say，" hey what's up。

 how you do and how's it going， she'll just go find， find， okay， know。

 I gotta go floss my cat and know you're done。So what offering up a story can do。

If you call and you launch into something very sort of short。

 silly little story is that it can get your mouth moving， it gets her talking。

 gets her laughing and then you've got it just be careful because I think a lot of guys when they get used to launching into stories all the time become almost like robots and they always feel like they need to have to girl laughing all the time in order to have a normal interaction with her know it's okay to go in that direction for a while but eventually you want to peel that back a bit。

Remember that it's sort like that sort of that distinction between offering value versus taking value If you go and you just start talking and joking around。

 you're offering value to her she's having fun on the phone with you， whereas if you say here。

 tell me about your day， tell me about what you're doing she's like well I don't really feel like I don't even know you by click that's it so know but as you become a more naturally cooler guy she has a stronger impression of you from when you met then you can move towards that what are you up to what are you doing and it can work so it just depends on where you're at。

You never know。😡，Never， you never know which girls will call you back。You have no idea。

Which girls will call you back？Like I said， there can be girls who you met and you hit it off with so well you would bet your life that they will call you back。

 There will be girls that you'll meet。😡，Who you have such an amazing connection with。

 you will hit it off so amazingly。That when they don't call you back， you will be in shock。

 it will blow you away。And when that happens。Just imagine the poor guys who are only meeting like one or two girls a month。

And that happens to them， how deflating that must be。

But you guys aren't going to be coming at that angle。 You guys will be meeting lots of women。

 So that's okay。 It's not a big deal。But we will also blow you away almost as much。

Is that some girls who were not into you at all will call you back and they'll want to go out。😡。

It'll blow you away。I can remember。When I first really started doing this， I met a girl。

 she was a model。And。You know I remember， when I went to take her hand， she actually pulled away。

 you know， she was kind of freaked out， I asked her question， she gave me cold answers。

 it was a terrible， terrible approach。And you know I think I started at the end of the night and I was just like。

 give me your number， she was like， what， I was like just give it to me， she gave it to me。And。

And so I called her up and I left a message because I had all my phone numbers。😡。

And about know I was never expecting to hear from that girl again。

 you know I just did it just to do it， and immediately after like three minutes later I see her number on my call to and she's calling me。

And we went out。And。What I realized was at that point， I was like， I'm never。

 going to call my numbers again because you never know who's going to call you back。

 you don't know what her situation is。In that particular girl situation。

And I was living Hollywood at this point。She was in from out of town。And she didn't。

 she had nowhere to go。 She didn't know anybody。 So see， my value to her。At the club。

Was very different。On a Monday night when she doesn't know where to go out。And then she came out。

From a lot of your guys' perspective， you might be thinking， well， you know。

 if she didn't like you with the club， then why go out with her？

This comes back to what I said earlier， women live in the emotion， the moment。

She's living the emotion of the moment。 she might not， at one minute， she doesn't like me。 later on。

 she did like me a lot。So that's how it goes。 The woman is living in the emotional of the moment。

 She could love you at the club， hate you on the phone。

 She could hate you at the club and love you on the phone。 You don't know。

 So just put yourself out there。 The more that you put yourself out there， you know。

 the more doors that you knock on the more that will open。😡，I mean， that's how you're going to do it。

You're going to find if you actually really ask the girls who call you back。

The highest number of girls that call you back will be girls that just moved into town。

 just broke up with their boyfriend， you know they had nothing to do that night。You don't know。

A lot of the time， all leave messages on girls' machines。twice a week for like a month by accident。

Because I just didn't delete them out of my phone list。Of the numbers that I'm calling。

 and I get a call back and we go out。I can remember。You know， me and Jeffie。

We did an experiment where the girls who wouldn't call us back。

 we would sing these really ridiculous romance songs into the phone on the message thing。

And you know they call back， and I think the rationalization behind that is that it makes you stand out because no other guy would do that so because you made yourself stand out from the other guys。

 you get the call back， but you should never look like you take anything personally。

If a girl doesn't show up or flakes me off。You know， there's different schools of thought on this。

 Some guys think that know you should really call her on it and give a shit for it。I don't know。

 You know， I don't do that。 I'm more tempted to just， I just okay， cool。 whatever。

 I don't make a big deal out of it。 In fact， a lot of the time what I do。

 if I have a lot of phone numbers is I will invite out several girls to the same place。

So what I'll do is I might invite out five different girls to the same venue。

If half of them don't show up， that's fine。The other half， you know， they can meet each other， hey。

 we're just hanging out， it's not a date， we're hanging out and let the strongest will survive。

That that's how it just goes。You should never take anything personally。On the phone。

If the girl's busy， whatever is cool。You never know， okay。

 so don't take anything personally on the telephone。 Just keep pushing forward。 I've had girls who。

 you know， I called for a long time until they finally came out， but there's different ways to do it。

嗯。You know， one thing that I will sometimes do on the phone is if is that if a girl said she's going to come out。

 and then later， she says no。I'll just go completely silent on the phone。

 That's another one that I do。So for example， if girl says I can't come out。

 I just want answer she're like hello。Hello。I'll be， hello。And she're like， arere you mad？And。

 you know， you can just play with that one。 just， you know。

 you can just sort of tease around and stuff like that。 But you don't want， you know。

 so you can do that kind of thing。 But for the most part。

 I never want to look affected by it because the truth is。

 cool people always have other people to go out with。Cool people never take anything personally。

 right。It's kind of like， I always think that I have two types of friends。

 There two types of friends that I have， like as， you know， guide to guy friends。

 female friends or whatnot， two different types of friends。 One type of friend。

 if I come into town and I don't call them。They don't care。They're fine with it。

 But then I've got another type of friend where I know if I come into town and they find out that I didn't call them。

 They're going to hate me。 They're going to hold a grudge about it。

 They're going to take it personally。😡，Because they just can't handle it。

Usually that's the kind of people who I can't stay friends with for that long because I'm very busy。

And that's the same thing with Ho girls， Ho girls。They probably don't take it that personally。

 when you flag them。 And and， you know， a hot guy probably doesn't take it that personally when he gets flged because that girl's got a million other guys and a million other friends that are calling them。

 And that guy has a million other friends and a million other girls that are calling him。

 So it's just like that。 you want to look like it's very cool。 It's all good。

 You've got stuff going on。 In fact。😊，A lot of the time。This brings me to my next point。I will。

 actually。Call。Yeah， that point's not on there。 I will actually go ahead。And bring my friends out。

With me。For the day too。Which is very counterintuitive。If I have a girl meet up with me。

 I might bring one of my guy friends with me。And then when she shows up， we'll just all chat。

 we'll talk for a bit， and then he'll leave maybe half an hour later。

I might bring out another couple with me， you know。

 maybe you know one of my buddies and his girlfriend。

I might bring her out with a group of my friends and introduce her to all my friends and bring her into that。

 Likewise， a lot of the time girls will bring out their friends because maybe they don't know you that well。

 whatever it is。😡，I'm O with that， too。I'm totally fine with that as well。

 A lot of guys say they don't like that。 You shouldn't let her do that。

 I don't think you should let her do it indefinitely。But for the most part。

 I don't really take on the whole dating frame。 I， you know， I'm not， this is not a date。

 If it was a date that I'd say no， because I'm taking you for dinner。

 So I'm not taking both of you for dinner。 But for， you know that if if I haven't you know。

 if I don't have a relationship with this girl and we're hanging out。 We're having fun。

 then generally speaking， She can bring whoever she wants。 and I can bring whoever I want。

 We're just gonna go and have a fun night， what generally tends to happen when you bring out。

A group of your friends。Is that。You'll tend to find it。If you hit it off well。

You'll sort of just pair off towards the end of the night it'll just be sort of like a naturallyly progressing thing you know she'll see that you know you'll see that she's interested and you'll just kind of pair off towards the end the night。

 but it's okay if she talks to other people and you talk to other people。

 the two of you don't have to be talking the whole time you know in fact。

 if you go out to a club and some other guy is talking to her。

I don't really see that as being a big deal。 I don't really care， Actually。

 I might be talking to other people， too， because I'm coming from a place where it's not a big deal to me。

 I'm coming from a place of abundance。 On the other hand， you。

 if I see it getting a little bit too out of hand with that guy， I might go up and just lean over。

 grab her like this over my shoulder。 Just sea letter you know， go like that。 I might do that too。

 but I'm never coming from， I'm not coming from a place where things are formalized or like。

 you know， like a table to table interview， anything like that。 You know。

 I'm just want to have a good time。All right， now the way that I。We'll call my numbers。

Is I'll usually do it about twice a week。 this is how I like to do it。

 Let me tell you guys the system that I sort of did it。

 There's different schools of thought on this as well。

One school of thought is that when you go out for the night。

 you should not be trying to get a lot of numbers The reason why is because you should be trying to have a quality interaction last several hours and make that very solid so the girl will call you back。

 you know youve conveyed a lot of personality， you go out and I've had a lot of really good results with that。

😡，But what I also found was something that I did when I was teaching workshops。

 when I teach workshops。I can't be sitting there for two hours with one girl because I don't think a guy who took my workshop wants to watch me sit there for two hours with the same girl sitting in a corner。

 So， of course， you know， I don't want to spend very long on a workshop with girls。

 But what I realized after a while was I was like， you know what。

 Maybe I should be taking these girl' numbers。 I mean， screwed。

 even if I'm following talk for five minutes， maybe I should do that。 So it started happening。

I I started getting about 10 phone numbers a night。😡。

Sometimes even 15 phone numbers a night while I was teaching workshops。

So I might come home after a weekend of three days with 45 phone numbers。

 that's a lot of phone numbers， I mean， that's ridiculous。That's about 180 phone numbers a month。

So what I started doing as a system was I would， you know on Monday morning because I knew they actually wouldn't pick up their phones and I didn't mind that。

 I would call every single one of those phone numbers。

 it would take about an hour or two hours and I would leave the exact same message on each answering machine。

 I'd say。Hey it's Tyler， we met at this club。It's good talking to you。嗯。You know。

 I'm hanging out by the pool right now， just relaxing。

Give me a call back when you get a chance see it。 just something like that。 It was just very。

 very basic message。 You know， I don't try to ramble。

 I don't try to make it like all long or all cool or convey a lot of personality。

 I'm just trying to leave a message my phone number。 That's it。

So I leave a message of the phone number and I would do that about 40 times about two hours。

 just message， message， message， message and over the next three days，Say out of those 40 numbers。

 know， if these are really short approaches， like three to 500 approaches something that I might get back。

 30% of those numbers might call me back。And of those 30%。You know， maybe half of them will go out。

 But what wound up happening was I had a different girl to go out with every single day of the week because of that。

 And interestingly enough， that was the exact same number that I had。

Back when I was doing the really long approach getting like an 80% callback rate。

 it was the exact same basically the exact same thing of having a different girl to go out with every day was the exact same result that I had doing a lot of numbers versus doing the longer approaches I think you need to know how to do both I think both can work at this point I probably tend towards the longer approaches just because it's just fun to really get to know a girl a bit better but doing mass approaches。

 getting a lot of numbers and just going through your phone that can work too because you'd be and you never know which ones will call you back。

 it comes back to that same thing。You knowYou call all those numbers and you never know which ones are gonna call you back and you never know which ones will flickake you off。

 you don't know， but I mean I guess the reason why I'm sort of bring that up because I'm trying to reinforce to you guys the whole don't take it personally mindset。

 I'm not taking any of this personally some of those girls whose numbers I got and who didn't call me back I see them at clubs later and they come up and they say hi to me they're excited to see me and then we wind up going out because we got to know each other a bit better at the club but regardless of what it is I am never taking it personally and I'm always calling my numbers。

 always calling all my numbers。😡，Now let's talk about day twos。Oh。

 the notes for that will hand out to you guys， by the way。 Yeah， I see like the days， okay。😊。

On a day two。Again， there's different schools of thought on this。 I'll tell you what I like to do。

Believe it or not， because I teach workshops every weekend。

 a lot of the time I just take my day twos out on workshop。That's the simplest way for me to do it。

But why do I bring that up？😡，Is it that a workshop is a great day too？No。

 workshopshop has a very weird day too。It's not cool。But why do I bring that up？

Because the reason why I'm doing that is because I'm bringing the girl into my world。That is the key。

 that's the strongest element here。You want to bring the girl into your world。

 What a lot of guys do is they react。 they're reacting to what they think the woman wants。

 so they're trying to come up with their perfect plan like the average guy you know he'll try to take her out for dinner。

 take her out for some shopping， you know whatever it is that he thinks would make her happy。To me。

 that's not being real。 that's being inauthentic because you're not really showing her what you like to do。

 You're just trying to impress her。What I like to do is show us something that I like to do。😡。

The reason that I'm showing her that is not necessarily because I think she enjoys it。

 but because I have the belief that she enjoys finding out who I am and finding out what I'm about。

So when I bring a girl， know when I draw a girl into my world。😡，What I'm trying to do。

So I'm trying to show her about me， trying to show her what I'm about and bring her into it。

 and I make it cool。 Whatever it is that you do make it cool。

 I knew a guy who was a magazine writer who used to who would call girls to his house and he say。

 I have to write， you sit out here and read and I'm going to write。And she would do that， you know？

Why did it work？Because he's pulling her into his world and he was congrued with it。

 I'm not saying that that's necessarily the best way to do it。

 but the fact that it worked should tell you something。 Bring her into your world。 Draw her in。

Like I said， you take her out with your friends， make it a casual thing， you can do it with friends。

 you can do it with her friends， whatever it is， you're just getting to know each other。

 maybe you just go out shopping， take her out shopping to a funny clothing district。

 trying funny clothes together。Take her out somewhere preferably where you don't have to spend any money。

 If you can avoid spending money， then the whole， is this a date or is this not a date never has to come up。

You know， I've had success paying for girls to dinner before。

But I've also paid for girls dinner and gotten no success it sucks。

And it sucks taking and grow up for dinner。And having a go nowhere。

 I'm sure you guys have all had that experience， so I tend to avoid that。On the other hand。

 I know guys who take girls up for dinner have tremendous success with it， why。

 because they just like eating out in nice restaurants and the girl never feels like she's being put on a pedestal。

 She just feels like he's doing it because he wants to do it， and that's just who he is。Thing is。

 what it comes down to is basically you're doing something that sort of representative of who you are。

 you're bringing her along for the ride。Jeffy。He'll take girls out for karaoke。

 he loves us in karaoke， He'll bring her out， send karaoke with them。

 He'll take them to a bar where everybody knows them。 So he has a lot of social proof in that bar。

 meets the people there， drinks with them， dances with them。HeHe's got a Nf hoops thing in his house。

 so he tells them that he has a basketball court back at his house， and they should go back。

 they go back to the house he calls a club Jeffy， he says come back to club Jeffy， brings him back。

 they play the Nf hoops， go from there， maybe he's got some songs on his computer。

 he can show music that he likes， he can show pictures， again。

 it comes down to drawing her into your world。Don't worry about the standard date。

 the old school date。That that's kind of a the thing of the past。 know。

 that's like a thing from the '50s or something like that。' it'd be cool if that was the end thing。

 but I don't know I just feel like it's very dated。We have a question back here。

 Can you go more into who pays and suggesting the girl pay or will that turn her off and you won't get sex with her？

Well， I like to avoid。The issue by just going somewhere more fun where money doesn't come up。

You know。呃。Let me tell you guys a story。There's this one girl that I。Did I went out with？

She was an exotic dancer。And I remember she， I called her up and know。

 we'd had a great time at the club。 and she said， know， she was like。

 are you going to pay for my dinner。I couldn't believe that。

 I couldn't believe a girl had actually asked me outright if I'm going to take her out for dinner on the telephone。

And I probably answered a little bit too logical I shouldn't have。

Because I said something the effect， look， I'm not going to pay to hang out with you。And she's like。

 well， sometimes you just have to pay。I was like， shit， I couldn't believe it， I was pissed。

 so I just， I think I hung up or she hung up or something。Anyway。

 she was just on my phone list still， so of course as usual。she says on my phone list。

 I probably left a couple messages， never heard back from her。

 I later realized that she was selling my phone list so I took it off the phone list。

I think a couple months later， I don't remember what it was。

 I somehow stumbled onto that number again， I called her back and she's sitting there watching soap operas。

So she was bored， notice how my value changes relative to her situation， she's sitting there。

 she's kind of bored， so I got her back on the phone。Started talking to her。

 I think I talked to her for about two hours。 I remember she said she's going to come over was a long drive。

 she said she's going to come over。And she asked me again， she's like。

" arere you going to buy me dinner？And I remember this one I was like， wow， she asked me that again。

 and I was like， yeah， sure I'll buy you dinner。Now inside I was burning up right， I was like。

 I can't believe I'm about to get tooled like this， but I thought， okay， whatever I'll tell you that。

Yes， so anyway， she says she's going to come home。 she kept calling me too。 She kept calling me。

 She's like， I'm not coming。 And I was like。All right， cool。She's like， no。

 no I change my mind I'm coming， I'm like， okay。Call me up like in now relationship like。

 I'm not coming。 I'm like， all right， cool。 She's like， no， no， no， I'm coming。 I'm like， okay。

 So eventually she showed up， right。So I think we went we were in the backyard here。

 we went in the hot tub together for like know 20 minutes and then she's like are' taking me for dinner。

 I was like all right shirt， rideer downstairs， cheapest place I could find is about $10 each was all right。

 those all right played was about 10 bucks。And then， you know。

 we went back upstairs and things went from there， So that wound up as it being a success。

Even though I bought her dinner。Right so it turned out fine， maybe some girls just need that。

 you know some girls just need that's maybe part of her qualification。

 she needs a guy to buy her dinner。Maybe she's just， you know。

 that's some kind of issue for I have no idea and then never really got to normal enough to find out。

 but the point is is that，嗯。Generally， I try to avoid it。

 you I would try to just bring her somewhere fun， Some are representative of who I am rather than getting into the dinner。

 who's paying for dinner frame， all that stuff。 But if I am gonna pay for dinner。

 I'm coming from place where hey， I want to eat I might say hey you drove to see me because usually girls will drive to see me I usually don't drive to get them usually drive see me so say hey you came come see me I'll grab you a bite to eat my current girlfriend right now I bought her a dinner too so yeah doesn' not it's not that it can't work but I tend to avoid it。

 I tend to avoid that whole thing most。Almost every time that I've ever gone out with a girl。

 there's no money， no money exchange。 And if we went into a club and I had to pay to get her in。

 a lot of time I'll even pay without her seeing it。

So believe it or not I actually don't want her to see that I'm paying I'd actually prefer that she doesn't see me paying okay that's generally that's how I work Also we had another question back here So how do you balance the time。

Of you going out to make girls to these day toos。Well， usually you want to go out Thursday， Friday。

 Saturday。And then you want to go out and then usually day two， Sunday， Monday， Tuesday， Wednesday。

 that's how I like to do it。 I might do daytime or。

Something kind of funny that I do is I might actually bring girls out to the club for the day two。

 I've been known to do that also so I mean you can also take the night off of going out to do the day two。

Right especially if it's a girl that you really like， know if that's a girl who you really like。

 you might wind up in a relationship with that girl。

 then what's the point of continuing to go out like so it kind of just depends but yeah yeah you can balance it out。

 you'll figure that out。So we talked about having a repeatable plan that works for you。

Have a repeatable plan for that day too， that works。Have something。

That you know that you can do at any point and that it works。Let's talk personality。

I think a lot of guys， when they find this stuff。Come in as a nice guy。

But they wind up leaving as a macho guy。😡，They go too much in the other direction。

What do you guys think is the biggest similarity between a nice guy and a macho guy yelled out if you know him？

😡，Reactive， yeah， they're both overcompensating。😡，The nice guy。You know。

 he's the guy who goes in the elevator and， you know he doesn't want to take up any space。

 The macho guy in the elevator， the guy who's like taking up too much space。

 and everyone' just annoyed at him。It's almost like。Say that you've got to grow who you're dating。😡。

And she says， I'm going out of town， I don't know what to do with my huge German shepherd dog。

The nice guy will say， I'll take your dog。You can leave your dog in my apartment and put up with a dog for a week。

The macho guy will be like， yeah， I don't want to hear your problems。 And she's just like。

 whatever this guy's obnoxious。 You know， the good guy might say， well， you know， you here。

 I'll help you find a kennel， You know， open up the phone book， you know。

 maybe help her out a little bit。 Maybe she do that kind of thing for him。

 Is that in between the nice guy。Macho， guy。I think to me， you know。

 the most attractive personality is something in between that。

 And you could call that like the good guy。 just， you're a good guy。

You don't let people walk all over you。You're not a doormat。😡，But at the same time。You have。

 you're willing to be friendly to people。Friliness goes a long way。

Being a friendly guy when you go out is huge。When you go out if you're on the elevator in the hotel here。

 anywhere that you go， being friendly to people， talking to people all over the place。

 being a friendly guy is fantastic if it's coming from a place where you're not giving your power away。

If it's coming from a place where you're giving your power away。

 that friendliness goes into nice sky territory， it goes into overcompensating。

 and you lose your power， you lose your attractiveness。So that's that sort of in between place。

Think of the nice guy。If you want to think about body language。The nice guy is the guy who。You know。

 he doesn't want to take up any space。The macho guy。一疗。He's real cool， right？

ho do you guys see that sit like this a lot？16 year old boy just sort of coming into his zone， right。

 kind of trying to learn how to be an alpha male doesn't quite know how yet， So he's real cool。 know。

 like gets hood on， maybe。😊，Right。A good guy， the good guy is always the weird one because like what's like。

 what's the perfect good guy， right， But you know， the good guy just， you know， he's not like this。

 He's not like that。 He's just， you know， he's just relaxing that what it comes down to。

I think what this stuff really comes down to is's not about arrogance。It's not about being too nice。

 it's more about doing what you want to do。😡，It's like taking the amount of space up that you want to take。

😡，Without looking like you're overcompensating as a way to get a reaction from people。

A lot of this entire thing is just learning how know how they say be yourself。

 it's learning how to just do what you want to do， be who you want to be。😡。

Without coming from a position where you're trying to be too aggressive。But also。

 when you're not trying to be like a doormat。To me， that's sort of the perfect combination。

