# 18、RSD泰勒 《基础与高级游戏》：正宗社交力学 DVD 7【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

One of， one of the interesting things for me from， you know， from teaching this for a long time。

Is that I'm always thinking about student retention rate。

 I'm always thinking about what can you guys realistically remember when you go out。

And so we're looking at this right now we've talked about a very straightforward structure that I think the average guy can remember。

 from my own test， the average guy can remember it， What at this point， if anything。

 do you guys feel you don't understand about meeting women yet that you're not clear on That's what I want to check out before we move forward any further。

😡，Any questions on that？Yeah， I guess like getting getting the hook， like， you know， opening。

 you know， pretty straightforward， but getting like that that transition to like they want you to stay from Yeah you're just that guy well see。

Most of that is going to come from who you are。And they're going to get a sense of。

 by the way that you carry yourself。Whether or not they want you to stay。

A lot of that's going to come from inflections in your voice， your eye contact， body language。😡。

Especially your humor is going to have a huge amount to do with it。How commanding you are see。

 I think a lot of guys live life in reaction， so the way that they're always thinking is they're moving away from pain。

 they're not going towards what they want， they're always just moving away from bad emotions a lot of guys when they approach。

Are not thinking about what they want。 They're just hoping for that approval。

 just hoping that that girl will be nice。 And when the girls can feel that。In any way， shape or form。

They're going to move away。Not towards you。So when you talk to the woman。

You've got to be in that kind of。Have you ever seen like a sports team？

How sometimes the momentum in the game will shift。Where you see a team that's really good and they start getting dominated。

And they're scrambling。And the other team is just clicking and the ball or the puck or whatever it is。

 they're just clicking， clicking， clicking， whereas the other team is kind of scrambling and they just don't know what to do because they're getting dominated。

I think most guys when they're learning to be good with women， they feel like they're scrambling。

 they're scrambling for something to say， they're scrambling to just keep the conversation going。

 know their heads all over the place， they're not in that they don't have that sort of clarity of thought where they can talk to the girl and whatever they say just comes across in the right way and even if it's not that funny。

 the girls is laughing at it anyway because laughter is not so much about content as it is about a demonstration of status。

I think that's really what it comes down to。 You know， I use the word repetition a lot。

And I suppose I say that because。Until you have experience under your belt。

 it's hard to come across like that。 you know， being a girl man。

 being an adult comes from experience， and it comes from the lessons that you learn and the boundaries that you create in your own mind through that experience。

 So I think in a lot of ways。You know when you fully come to a point。

Where women's approval does not matter to you when you know that you've talked to lots of women。

 you've had lots of great reactions in the past。This one isn't going to affect you one way or the other。

That's going to make a huge difference for you。Because。When you first learn this stuff， you know。

 I taught you guys a lot of like little funny little pieces that you can sort of throw in there。

 and that will help you to get the hook。But when I'm teaching this to you guys。

 I'm not expecting you to use it forever。 You know， you can， if you want to。

 but I'm not expecting you to， you're going to come to a point。Where it's not required of you。

 your game will become very， very passive。😡，Like when I meet women， it's a very passive thing。

 A lot of the time I break every rule in the book。 How's it going， What are you up to。

 What are you doing， That's my pickup because。I don't know。

 I guess I'm used to talking to an audience。You know， I can talk to a big group of people。

 and I'm okay with that。 So for me to talk to one woman。It's a totally different kind of thing。

 it's very relaxed and laid back。I think there's almost like a vacuum。That you project。

 you know when you have a level of confidence where the woman can feel that you're not leaning towards her emotionally in any way。

 and it makes it draws her towards you。 And I think you're going start to find that。 Let me ask you。

 when you went out last night， how many approaches did you do。

1212 did they improve throughout the night or did they stay relatively the same？It was it was mixed。

 I mean， a few towards the end were pretty good， but then you know， like my 10th approach， you know。

 I got one of those girls who had no reaction at all And so the ones that were good towards the end。

 what do you think were the common elements？It was kind of a quiet， more intimate。Place where like。

 you know， we're kind of sitting down or and how did you。

 and how did you feel while you were talking to her comfortable。 Yeah， how about the other ones。

NotNot as comfortable just like I was just going up to them and like yeah out of the blue yeah。

 because how you feel is a self- fulfillfilling prophecy。

 it's a self- fulfillfilling prophecy if you're expecting her to react well and you're completely just in your own reality。

 not in her reality or feeling the way that allowing her to dictate who you are to you。

 you're gonna to feel a lot better than you know what I mean right。

 you're gonna to get that much stronger reaction。I think for a lot of guys。

 you can create an amazing epiphany， guys who like to use a lot of hook material。

 you know they're always joking， joking， joking， when you can actually say slow down。

 it's okay just to chill out and the really it creates this huge epiphany。

When they see how that affects the interaction， how they can do just as well。嗯。

I think that'll help you with your hooking tremendously as you get more experience under your belt。

 I mean， how old do you know？27， you're 27。 so do you have a lot of experience with women？I mean。

Some relationships。 when you were with your girlfriend in a relationship。

 do you think that you acted more confidently around her than you did around the women that you just meet。

Yeah， yeah， of course， yeah， do you think you could maybe move more towards the way that you acted with your girlfriends around you just meet around women you just met？

Sure， yeah okay because I think that could help a lot too you know Yes。

 I hope that answers your question what were the other questions that we had guys What are some beliefs you should have like before going out in the night。

 What should you think about yourself about the girl approaching What are some of the beliefs you should have。

Well。I mean， beliefs is a very complicated structure。

 and there's a lot of different beliefs that you have about yourself that you have on a day to day basis。

 I mean， for me， when I go out。My view is socializing。I don't have a strong outcome in mind。

I'm not looking for a reaction from anybody。 I'm having a good time。I'm enjoying myself。

 and I'm going to meet women naturally。That's where I'm coming from。On the other hand。

 if you would have found me a few years ago， I probably didn't feel that way。

 I felt pretty differently from that。 So that being the case， my goal was， no matter how I feel。

 I'm going to talk to a certain amount of women per night。Because see， I mean， at this point now。

 if I were to start saying to myself， I'm going to talk to a certain amount of women per night。

 probably that would mess me up。 But when I was first starting out。If I didn't do that。

I would probably talk to a grand total of。I0 win per night。 You know。

 I might sit on the wall so that didn't work out。 You know， me and my buddies。

We did all sorts of silly things。 know， we go up like near the woman's bathroom door and we'd say。

 stop bathroom security。Or we would。You know， we would approach with silly questions， high fives。

 we'd do stuff like going high five in the entire room。You know， anything like that。

 just to get out of our heads to force ourselves to get comfortable in that environment。

What starts to happen to when you start to get good also is some people go in reverse because what starts to happen is when you get really good with women。

You actually start to take on I'm good with women now as a part of your identity and you start to get afraid to do approaches because you don't want to lose that identity we call that a frame snapback where you know say that out of 10。

 your sense of validation was like a four And then you work that up to like a9。

 You don't want to you're actually afraid to blow with women now because you have something you have more to lose so you wind up just sitting at home。

 I see a lot of guys doing that。 I see its very， very common that once the guy gets good with girls。

 he actually stops because he has that sort of snapback and his sense of who he is。

But for the most part， I mean， do you have friends that you'd like to go out with？Yeah。

 do you find that when you go out and just socialize it。

 you feel better than when you just go out and do a lot of approaches or how do you find it？

I think I think when I go out with my friends， I'm having fun。

 and I just don't care about the outcome。 Yeah， Yeah。 any of you met some women like that。Yeah， yeah。

 yeah， definitely。 you meet me So I think， you know even if you're by yourself。

 you can create that kind of headspace。So I think that's， you know。

 but as far as the beliefslis about yourself，That's a very。

 very deep topic about what you believe about yourself and who you believe you are and what you believe you deserve。

 and if you believe that you deserve women。And changing that takes a long time because you can tell yourself oh。

 I deserve women， but that's just like a surface level think you've got all those beliefs underneath that have been built up for years and years that are going in different direction so yeah it's something that definitely takes a lot of time a lot of time to rebuild what was your question？

嗯。I guess I'm kind of a very logical person， so the emotional part。

It's not hard for me to because I have two distinct personalities。

 but I also find that the emotional part came out when I'm in long term relationships with people and as far as just kidding around。

 having a good time。When， when you begin。To make more approaches。

 you have to let that emotional part go out， but I wasn't really quite sure about cold readings and actually how to facilitate that into hooking。

And I'm not really sure that I mean it's kind of fun because I'm so logical that all my life I've been doing that。

 In fact I used to have telling the guys earlier that I met this guy about 15 years ago we were doing a job in Folom California and it was a guy out there Jeff who was kind kind of adult kind of a guy that I said how the hell does he do it how is he getting all this woman and he absolutely went to the emotional part and it was no logical thing behind it at all and it was totally emotionally。

 it was 19，20 years old and he was picking up every hot wound and I said what does he do it I said look I'm a relatively successful guy and I can't pick up half the women。

 I had no idea about this stuff until I came in here tonight so it's pretty cool but if you could just review a cold reading for me how to make that part of it？

Sure， the hooks response does anyone else here， is anyone here a good cold reader？

Before I before I show how I do it。Now， okay， basically the way that you do it。

One of the most counterintuitive things。About learning to be good with women is that you can just spit stuff out and it doesn't have to be。

 it does not have to fit into the conversation。It's a total shift in your headspace when you realize this that you can literally say random things at random times and women will get sucked into that。

The way that you could think about it is almost as if you were with Bill Clinton or some really high。

 powerful high status person， and they just changed up the topic of conversation on you。

Usually you'll just get sucked right into that because there there's that certain respect thing there。

 and a lot of the time when a man changes the topic on a woman， they just go with it。

 and a lot of ways too that's how women talk themselves。

 Have you ever heard a girl talk on the phone before。Yeah。

 they're just all over the place so talking about them specifically or you're talking about you know you're doing a core on that I'm just talking about how they think so so what I'm leading to is that a lot of guys will have to wait。

 they think they need to wait to a certain point in the conversation before they can shoot in some funny little piece when in fact you can be talking to a girl。

 she's acting completely normal and you say you are so feisty。And she'll last just say， why and say。

 you know why？See so it doesn't matter。 you can just launch into that instantly。

 there's no need to hold back， there's you know there's no need to look for a perfect point in the conversation to do it。

 same thing with launching into a story If you launch into a story。

 it can be totally off topic and you can launch right into it No problem you have no problem with that you make them part of it you're like you're feisty you're really a bad girl Yeah I know that I know that my heart evil now you're evil right。

Yeah， and you just throw that in there and they'll start giggling。

Do you do that to also if you're doing， you know， you know。

 if you got three or four people there three or four women there， Yeah， you say yeah。

 you could say you guys are evil or you could look at the friends and say she is evil to the friends。

 And then they'll point in the laugh。 One thing I find so funny is that anytime you call a girl evil。

 they laugh。 And I think that's a laughter of recognition。😊。

I think that's like a laughter of like you know they know all like the crazy things they've done。

 So it's like you know kind of brings that side out of them And the funny thing is you know when you call a girl bad when you're saying that she's feisty。

 you're giving her permission to act that way too。 Well， there's no question it works。 I mean。

 I did it last night a couple times and they absolutely think it's a hysterical they laugh they sit there and they laugh and know her friends are there。

 she is evil know you play the good know the good girl and the bad girl you're actually the good girl she's really the bad girl I just have a great time with it。

 Yeah another great one is you say which one of you too is a more dominant friend。😊，Which one of you。

 which one's the boss。 And then， of course， you know， usually the one。

 the one who's the boss will sit there and the other friend will point at her， right。

 or you can confuse them。 You can say， you can say she told me that you're the boss。

 even if the other girl didn't say that。 So you can mess them like that。 Yeah。

 there's so many different ways that you can do it。 Colder reading is something that。

ItActually works so well， it's almost addictive because when you do it， they laugh so much。

Because sometimes you might do it too much。But I mean， I guess you。

 you were talking about the hooking before and it's like， you know when you go there。

 you open the conversation and you just start making observations。 you can throw stories out there。

 you throw coldreads out there。 you show them stuff physically， you move them around。

 you take control。 we talked about the sports team thing where one sports team is scrambling。

 the other one is dominating。 you want to just go in there， not in reaction。

 not worrying about how they're going respond， but just going in there and conveying your personality and just showing what you think is fun。

 The difference between the guy who's good with girls and the guy who's among many differences。

 a major difference is that the guy who's good with women knows how to convey his personality and put himself out there。

 He knows how to convey like qualities like confidence dominance humor。

 you could have these qualities。 But if you don't know how to convey them it's not gonna go anywhere。

 But if you do know how to convey them。 You we showed it yesterday。

 the handshake routine moving it around teasing her。 So you're conveying your personality quickly。

 in a lot of ways the art of meeting women is the art of learning how to convey your personality。

Very， very quickly so she can see different qualities about you in as quick a time as possible。

You want to think of it like that， Did we have another question， by the way？

So you guys at this point， you feel like you understand it。😡。

You have a logical understanding of how to do it。You understand it logically as the point of doing it。

You know， don't think that the only way to meet women is through cold approaching either。

 Do you guys know what the easiest way to meet women is。What's that。Hi， yeah， that's a good opener。

 the universal opener high。 the easiest way to meet women is through your social circle。

That is the easiest way to meet women。 I think a lot of guys get so focused on approach， approach。

 approach when in fact， the easiest way to meet women through your social circle。

 the reason why we learn approaching is because you'll build the social skills that when you're back in your social skills will make you dominate What you'll find is when you go out a lot and you're putting yourself out there a lot when you go back to your social circle。

 you become a natural leader， even if you weren't previously And you know you'll go through a lot of transitions with that because sometimes your friends won't like it。

 a lot of the time if there's a pre-established role， like a dynamic in a social group。

 if somebody starts to become more dominant， then the previously dominant guy that can make them uncomfortable。

 sometimes if you start to get ahead in your life， your friends will worry that you're not gonna be friends with them anymore and they can do little passive things to hold you back。

 So' all sorts of different transitions that go on whenever whenever you transform yourself。

 all sorts of things can happen。You can start to lose confidence in who you're becoming and want to go back and show behaviors。

 all sorts of things like that that go on。But in the end of the day。

The guys that get girls are the ones that sort of understand what women are about。

 you know they that they understand that women are emotional， they understand that women like sex。

 they understand that women are going out to have fun。

 they understand that women are going respond to you qualifying yourself or trying to impress them。

 they get that stuff， they get the frame control， they get the sort of guys dominating each other kind of thing。

 they understand that women need discretion if they're gonna to have sex and nonjument know they need you to be non-judgmental。

I think guys that are good with women go with the flow。 They're not mechanical。 They're not robotic。

 They're not hollow。 You know， they have a lot of realness to them。 They're having a lot of fun。😊。

They're bringing that kind of energy to the table， that is what they're bringing out there。

 that not what most guys bring， which is wanting approval。

 hoping that the girl will respond in the right way。

 hoping the girl will give them the right reaction， struggling to create conversation。😡。

You guys will have to build your conversational muscles。Conversation skills is like a mental muscle。

 And you guys have to build that muscle。 And it takes time。 But when you build it。

You have so much potential。A lot of you guys talked about how when you're on your own or with friends。

 you can talk to your friends comfortably。 You can talk to your friends with no problem at all。😡。

On the other hand， around a woman， you feel these barriers like you're not able to talk。😡。

If you guys have ever been around a guy who you thought was cooler than you。

Try to communicate with that guy。 It's not going to feel anywhere near as comfortable as talking to people who you're not concerned of what they think of you。

 That's the irony here。 If you guys can see the irony behind this， the people。😡。

Who matter the most are probably the people who you shut down around。😡，If you can get past that。

The whole new world opens up to you in terms of the jobs that you can get。

 the women that you can meet， the friends you can meet， the people who you can go out around。

 is' a fundamental difference in the way that your mind works。

Looking at things as like an opportunity and being afraid that you're going to blow it versus saying。

 screw a man， opportunities are going to come to me and just being how you want to be。

that's really what this is about， it's like going out， chatting， having a good time。

 seeing those indicators of interest， seeing when she's touching you， seeing when she's leaning in。

 know when you go away， she' looking for you， that kind of thing， you sense that。

You see the buying temperatures there。And then you escalate a little bit。You convey your personality。

You see that she's into it， you escalate a bit， you convey more personality。

 you see that she's into it， you escalate a bit more。Move around， draw her into your world。

 make it fun。Of course， you approach a ton of women， you knock on a lot of doors， how do you do that？

Go out。That's what it comes down to is going out。So let's talk a bit about implementing a habit。

I think one of the most important things that I had that a lot of guys don't have is that when I was learning from people who were good。

I never thought that I was cut from a different cloth than them。

That is one of the major differences between me and most guys。

I learned from a lot of great people I had a lot of great teachers， and I appreciate all of them。

Some of them probably don't appreciate it， I learned from them， but I appreciate。All of them， right？

So。It somewhere a little bitter， but I mean。I think that one。

 some of the qualities that I had was that。I had a lot of respect for them。And I admired them。

But at the same time， I never viewed them as being cut from a different cloth than me。

I think most people。You know， who I work with， why they have some totally。

Bizarre impression of who I am， that I have some kind of ability that they don't。

Or they'll do the opposite where they're so affected by the fact that I can do things that they can't do。

 that they'll try and sort cut it down， sort of find reasons in their mind why。he's got。

 he's younger than me or something like that， you， something ridiculous that has nothing to do with reality。

Most people will do that， they will either cut the person down and become a hater。

Or they'll admire them and they'll become a fan or groupy。😡，See， I was never a hater。

 and I was never a group either。 I was the kind of guy where it's like， I had a lot of。

A lot of appreciation for what people have taught me。 I was the kind of guy who。

 if someone came out and taught me， even if they didn't do the best job， I really appreciated it。

 One thing that you'll notice about me is that I say good things about just about anyone who I ever learned from even if I didn't learn that much from them。

 I will say really good things about them because I opened my mind up to whatever value they could offer me and just sort of took it and appreciated it and took it for what it was。

 a lot of guys have like these expectations like they want people to fix them。

 they want people to know they want people to show them the way of the path of a light or whatever it is。

 and that's not realistic。 Someone that helps you is just a resource for you to use yourself So Ra was coming from I was never cut from a different cloth I always believed that what one man can do。

 another man could do。So when I saw someone doing amazing。I never thought he was different than me。

I just thought， what are the actions that he took that I could take。

 that I could follow myself to get to that path。I never， it would never， ever have occurred to me。

That I couldn't do what somebody else could do。 That never would have occurred to me。

 That's just that would never have crossed my mind。 And I always just showed， you know。

 that much appreciation。 And I think that because I had that appreciation。

And I looked at the positive， it opened my mind up to see things that I think a lot of people couldn't see。

Because I remember some of the guys who I learned off of before I went and learned off them。

 people would have a million01 excuses， oh he's tall， you know he's good looking， whatever it was。

 I'd have a million01 excuses why they couldn't do it。

 but I never had those excuses I never came up with that I was like oh yeah I could do it cool awesome I'll figure out a way most people don't do that though either they're haters or groupies。

 don't fall into either one of those give the respect。

 give the admiration but don't be a groupy know don't be like superf just go cool man， great stuff。

 I'll try and learn it， that's it sort of a bounce perspective。嗯。Also， I didn't wait。You know。

 I didn't wait to do this in reaction。 Like a lot of guys wait for a girl to dump them。

And then when the girl dumps them， then they go out and start trying to fix the situation by learning this。

I think a lot of guys who come into this think that they're going to just go out for like two weeks。

 figure out how to become good with women and go fix it with their old relationship。

 it probably isn't going to work like that。You want to be proactive。

 that means having a series of habits that come together synergistically to get you the outcome that you want。

 you don't want to just be reacting you know in short sight and reaction to every single situation as it comes up。

 you want to have you know that series of habits in your life。They can help you。

So you come in with a plan。Say that you decide that you're going to go out。Three nights a week。

Say two， three hours a night。Great， if you work， say in a place like New York。

 there's happy hours that you could go out to。What a lot of guys do， you know。

 any of you guys use the gym？Might have the experience where you're like， oh， you know。

 I didn't have my pre workout meal， oh I'm tired， I'm not going to be able to lift as hard as I want to。

And they'll use that as an excuse not to show up。 I don't think that's good for me， just show up。

Show up， go there。Even if you're not dressed properly， even if you haven't brush your teeth。

 your hair is messy， it doesn't matter， don't give yourself an excuse。 If you're tired， just show up。

 accept it that it's a part of your life。 I think that that's probably why I've gotten to where I'm at today。

😡，Whether it's work， school， this area， any area that I've been successful in。

 I make the choice beforehand of what I'm going to put into it。

 and I accept that as a part of my life。 There's no question there is no possibility。

Of me avoiding that task， it's going to happen。So when I decided， I mean。

 there was a point where I decided I was going to go out seven nights a week because I was living in Hollywood paying expensive rent to live near the clubs。

 so I said if I'm going to live in Hollywood near the clubs and pay big rent。

 I'm going to go out seven nights a week。And probably I'm not going to have a girlfriend during this time。

 I'm just going to really work on this area for this year。And I stuck to it。

 I went out seven nights a week because I preplanned it。 You know， on the other hand。

 different points of my life。 I might go out once a week， twice a week。

 but I will stick to that in the same way that I stick to the work that I have to do。

 You just accept it。 It's a part of your life。 There's no possibility of you getting out of it。

 That's how you'll do it。 The number one way that guys fail learn to become good with women is they stop。

 They don't have the habits together to be successful at anything。

They don't know how to learn anything， and then they try and learn this。😡。

But they can't because they don't have those habits of success。So point being， just show up。😡。

Progress will be like a J curve for you， it will be directionless at first， you have blind faith。

 you move forward， you'll get it。So here's the basic steps， get an idea of what you want。😡。

Formulate the plan of how often you need to show up to get it， say that you want to be。You know。

 solve with women。 You have an idea of what you want。 In my case， I shot high。 I shot very high。

 Is that necessary， It's not necessary， but have some kind of idea of what you're looking to get and think to yourself。

 what do I have to do to get there。😡，Do you have to do a boot camp。

 Do you have to go out a certain number of nights per week， Do you have to change your clothes。

 Do you have to read up on confidence and learn about your own psychology so that you can build that confidence。

 Whatever it is， get that concept of what you'll have to do to get there。

And decide that you will stick to it， except that new activity as being a part of your life that you can't get rid of。

 you're going to show up no matter what。😡，What I say here？😡，It sounds funny。

 Don't worry if you're getting results。 I know that that sounds funny。

 but there was a lot of periods where I did not have the best results， but I didn't worry about it。

 You want why I didn't worry about it because I had no other option。

That's why I didn't worry about it。What how else am I going to get good with girls。

 Am I gonna to go sit at home and get good with girls。No， that's not going to do anything。

 So I'll just have blind faith and just keep working at it。 And sometimes it felt rough。

 But that experience that I got by having blind faith。Made it work and lastly。

You have to make it into a hobby。 This has to be a hobby for you。

 It has to be fun because if you're going to do it anyway。You might as well decide that it's final。

 And that's a decision that you make in your own mind of what you decide to focus on。

Because if you're going to decide that this isn't fun， you're going to be miserable。

So you've got to tell yourself， this is fun， this is my hobby， I'm going out and I'm meeting people。

 and something that you will build up over a period of time。You guys have had a lot of information。

 You want to review the information sporadically， but you don't want to be thinking about this information when you go out。

 separate。The going out time from the reading or watching Cds or seminar time。

 they're two separate things。 When you guys went out last night。

What I would hope is that you're not talking about all the stuff that you need to be doing。

 not always feeling like you need to be doing something。

 you should just be going out there and enjoying yourself。

A crucial mistake that guys make all the time is that they will correct each other when they go out。

they'll go out into a club， they'll talk about the ways that they're going to pick up girls。

 they talk about how they're going to pick up the girls。

 and then when they goof it up they talk about the ways that they went wrong。What's that doing？

It's getting you into a very analytical state。It's not the place that you want to be in when you're out。

 when you're out， you want to be having fun， that's what it comes down to。

 creating a good vibe within your own group so that you have a good vibe to share in the other people's groups。

So remember that。So right now， what I'm going to have you guys do。😡。

I and you guys can do this in groups of two or four。

 I want you guys to write down and decide what your plan of action is going be and I want you guys to commit to it。

 you guys are gonna to do it， you're gonna commit to each other if you guys want to share emails and see if each other has sort of commit and hold each other accountable that's great。

 but you guys are gonna commit to whatever path that you're gonna take for this and you know what if you don't have a lot of time be realistic about it。

 pick something that realistically you could do and commit to so why don't you guys take five minutes talk to each other groups two groups of for whatever you want and make this commitment right now to how you're gonna build this in life。

嗯。All right guys， so you come up with the commitment of what you're going to do。😡。

I've given you guys a pretty good pretty broad strokes here。You know it's funny because I you。

 like I said， I've been testing these things， I've been testing the retention rates on these seminars for years and you know sometimes I feel like I'm about to say something I'm like I know that I can remember that and just drives me nuts。

 So what I've given you guys right now is what I think you're gonna retain and what I think you need to retain if you guys can take what you learned here。

And apply it， you will be fine， it will be everything you need。😡。

So what I want to talk to you guys about is where you get your state from。😡。

I'm sure you guys must have noticed by now that when you're in state。

You feel better about yourself and women respond better to you immediately。

 wheneverever you get into that zone， one of the really big head trips about getting good in this area is that you're constantly coming in and out of state。

And what will drive you nuts。Because you know that when you're in state。😡。

That you're like the person that you want to be。You're acting in the way that you want to act。

 you're being the person who you want to be。😡，In a lot of ways， being the person that you want to be。

😡，I's about resisting all those external forces that are telling you to be somebody else。

You've got pressure from the outside world that's telling you you've got to have a certain lifestyle。

 you've got to act a certain way， you've got to replicate what you see on television。

 the social conditioning， the social conditioning is very， very powerful。😡。

And this is always going through your mind。When you first learn to get good with women。

 you will find ways。To put yourself in state， you will find them。

 One of the ways that you learn very quickly is called the warm ups。What warm ups is。

Is you'll say the first three don't count。 I'm going to go out， do my first three approaches。

 they don't count。 And as you get talkative， you go into state。 That's one of them。

 Another way that you'll find。 and some of you guys who' have gone out a lot might have tried this is。

😡，New clothes。Whenever you're wearing a brand new shirt or you just got your haircut。

 you feel good about yourself。 you kind of go into state。

 Another one is like having your wingman with you。😊，That might help you stay state。😡。

Some of you guys might have noticed that when you have a girlfriend。

 women are attracted to you more often。And it's so ironic because you're thinking to yourself， why。

 why when I have a girlfriend， is this happening to me？One of the things that I did。

I really thought about this。😡，One of the most important concepts in all this is the concept of identity。

Identity as a concept。Let me reach you how I would define identity for。

 identity can have a lot of different definitions， but for our intents and purposes。

 Identity is a concept in your mind that relates you to and sets you apart from your social environment。

We'll say that again， identity is a concept in your mind that relates you too and separates you from your social environment。

😡，Alone， we have an understanding of ourselves that are not contextualized。

 but in the process of interacting with others and recognizing the differences between them and ourselves。

 we form a self concept that is more complete。So you guys see how you have a sense of who you are。

 and when you interact with other people， you get a sense of where you stand。😡。

Of who you are in the grand scheme of things。😡，Your identity is a presentation to yourself and to the world about what makes you different or unique。

And what you've learned will make people accept you。

 It is a sum of your beliefs about what kind of person you are， what kind of person you're not。

 what you're capable of， what you'。Not capable of， which is probably what a lot of you guys are thinking of。

Where you stand in the social hierarchy。And the ways that you're entitled to act as a result of all that。

So let me process that mouthful for you guys。You've got this concept of who you are。

 You've got a concept of what you deserve out of life。 This concept is affecting you at all times。

I don't know if you guys know this， but I went back to college this year， I graduated。

 when I built this company， I had to leave school for a little。

 I had to leave school in my final year， and I never finished my degree so I went back to school。

And I lived in a group in a house with a bunch of guys。Out of all of those guys who， by the way。

 saw other RSD instructors come to the house and bring women home every night。

Saw the girlfriend that I had and saw everything that was going on。Not a single one of them。

Ever came and asked for advice。I found that very interesting I tried not to push it I try to give a little tidbit here and there to help them out。

 but seeing a lot of those guys that I live with did not have any success with women。

And I couldn't believe that they were not intrigued by this in any way。 But the funny thing is。

Most people will never be wealthy。 Most people will never have hot women。

 Most people will never get too far ahead in life。Why is that？

You have a sense of what you're entitled to。When you think about the word acceptance。😡。

Acceptance does not mean being liked。Acceptance does not mean being liked。

 acceptance just means acceptance， it just means no one will bother you。If you're quiet and shy。

You probably won't get picked on that badly。😡，If you try and elevate yourself。

 you watch what'll happen。😡，This happened to me。You will get all sorts of things that will come up。

 especially when you're kind of not congruent with it yet， you're trying to be this cool guy。

 you're kind of not congruent with it yet， people can sense it and they don't want to accept that in their reality You're going to reject that out of the reality it's tough you look at a wolf pack。

The alpha male wolf has sex with all the females first。He eats the food first。

 he's got everything he wants。But why then？Would the less alpha will stay in that tribe。

They stay in that little， you know they stay in that wolfpack because it's better than leaving。

It's better for you guys to live in society， even with no chicks， no money。

 whatever than it is for you guys to。Go live in the forest。Like the unabomber。There's nothing。

To begin gained by doing that。 So you'll stay here。

 even if you're not getting what you want out of life， you'll stay。

 And that concept of what you deserve。Will always affect that。

Now talk about something called entitlement criteria。😡，Before I go into entitlement criteria。

I want to talk a bit more about state and what it is。😡，Your state is an emotion。😡。

It's an emotion like any other emotion， sadness， happiness。

It's an emotion that is within you and exists within you at all times。😡，The thing is in our society。

 we're not really taught to recognize it， we're not taught to recognize that emotion because it's just not really discussed。

😡，The thing is， it's that state that you go into。😡，That women can sense。

They can sense when you drop state， a woman consent sense when she gives you congruence test and it throws you off and it messes with your flow and you react。

 She can see， by the way， that your eyes dilate。 She can see it by your voice。

 She can see it by your body language。 She can see it by the types of responses。

That you give to that test， even the things that you say。That's where your state is coming from。

You guys who go out a lot know about this state because you know that when you're in state。

 you can drop every technique， you can drop every single little thing that you're doing when you're so on。

 you can be out in a club， look at your girl from across room and say， Kamerra， she comes over。

 what's your name， She'll tell you her name。😡，You just chat， you could be making out with her。

 You could have me throwing over your shoulder within seconds。 That is what it's like to be and say。

 it is awesome。But when you learn this stuff。It's this total headship because。

Sometimes you've got it。And sometimes you don't got it。

Sometimes you're out of state and you can't start a conversation to save your life。

When you run workshops， you learn how to get over that quickly because you have to because I don't think a guy who paid money is going to be too happy here I'm out of state。

Not really going to care， just can want see results， so you learn to get over that。Now。

 let me talk about the way different ways that people get state。 There's different ways that people。

Find their state， but ultimately what state is。Is whatever you think you're allowed to have？

You have to think that you're allowed to be in state。And that sounds funny， allowed to be in state。

 what does that mean， but it's true。If you're out with friends。You're allowed to be in state。

 you're allowed to dominate because no one will come in and stop you。

 no one will come in and prevent you from doing it because you feel secure to do it。

Here's the difference。Criites that I think of。 And depending on how your mind is wired。

Is going to affect your result of whether or not you go in state。

 The first one is superficial social standards。Superficial social science being money， having looks。

Having a nice car outside。When you see society's superficial standards。😡。

And you know that you've got that。😡，You feel great。You know that you've got it。

So as a result of that， you have more confidence， you get more women。😡，And of course。

 guys like us see this growing up and we think。Wow man。

 just don't have that and it further reinforces that reality。

 thinking that you need to have those things to get women， that's like superficial social standards。

The next one is alliances。😡，When you have guaranteed acceptance。

Because of who you have around you or who you have in your life。

If you're out with a big group of friends like last night。

 you might feel more confident than if you're on your own。

A lot of guys have a hard time doing approaches。Unless their friends are there。

 they're always looking for their wingman， that wingman dependency。That's like alliances。

 a lot of guys will find when they have a girlfriend， women are more attracted to them。😡。

Because they know that they've got something。 So， you know。

 I watched one guy who lived in my house get a girlfriend this year and go from being a shy little guy to being outgoing and cool just because he got a girlfriend and makes me wonder what will happen if they break up。

What will happen to is confidence if they break up， i don't imagine it's going to stay， but maybe。

The next one， and this is a very interesting one， I think you guys will find this interesting。

 is competencies。Have you guys ever seen a guy with a guitar go into an iclub before？

If you've ever seen that， you'll see the reaction， the girls will swarm around him。

How about if you have access to exclusive parties？How about if you have access to anything that people want？

😡，Whenever you have something that you can do for people。

You'll feel more in state because you know that they want something from you。

 So you have that anticipated acceptance。So your state goes up。Next one。Roole plays。

 this is another interesting one。If you guys were to take out one of your friends after this program and teach them how to do this。

You probably would feel a lot more confident than if you're by yourself。

Another thing that you'll find is if you're with your wingman。And he has better skills than you do。😡。

It will shut your game down。You'll become a fan of what he's doing。😡。

You might have great skills with women， but if you're with someone who you think is better than you。

You're going to find yourself reacting to him， you're going to find yourself trying to copy what he's doing。

 You're going to find yourself becoming a fan， looking at what he's doing， all that kind of stuff。😡。

It doesn't work。That's a role play if you're teaching someone on the other hand。😡。

Then you've taken charge。So you feel like you've got that rule。

 it's the same thing as being in a teacher role。So that's another way that a lot of people rely on for going in state。

 but let's go back to competencies。Because this is an important one。As a guy。

 if you identify yourself as not being successful with women。You say。

 I'm not a guy who's successful with women。Then your inclination is going to be to seek out lines。

 routines， or techniques。😡，That can allow you to take on a different identity。

So that you can feel permitted to have success with women。

You're going to do that naturally because you're going to think you're not enough and that you need to take on something else。

😡，If I give you guys an opener or a story to tell。😡，Probably。

 you're going to go on with a lot of confidence because you're going to think。

 I've got that story that's known to work。It's the same thing as going in with a guitar。😡。

You've got something that you know people want from you in this case some cool story。

 So your mind says to itself， hey， dude， you've got this cool story。

 If you approach people that story， they're going to hear it， they're going to like you。😡。

They're going to accept you。 so therefore， you can feel good about yourself and you're going to go into state。

That's how it works。When in fact。If you were just insane anyway？

You've gotten the exact same result without that story， you'd had the identical， exact same result。

So that leads me to the final。😡，Entitlement criteria。Which is the one that you have to strive for。

That is identity。Went on an identity level。You know that you deserve it。

 you know that you're entitled to it because it's just who you are。Identity level confidence。

That is the core confidence。😡，The core confidence。That doesn't depend on。How you look。

Having met anybody else's standards other than your own？

It doesn't depend on who's in the venue with you。😡。

It doesnn't depend on if you have these cool stories。

 It doesn't depend on if you've got somebody else with you that looks up to you。

It's simply a part of who you are。😡，That is identity level confidence， core confidence。😡。

A guy who has core confidence。Can learn how to pick up women very， very quickly。

Because all that he really needs to learn how to do。Is。You know， stuff like the plowing， like just。

 you know， when you go up， just keep talking。Try and hook some attention。

 vibe with there or get a number。A guy with core confidence can be taught to be good with women very quickly。

 I will have guys come on the boot camp who I can who I can tell。

 They have a strong sense of core confidence。 And within three hours。

 they can do everything that I can do。 They are awesome。 They're just machines。

 And they have an instant lifestyle change。 The truth was。

 all that they really need to learn was just that they're allowed to approach people。 And it's cool。

 And once they learn that bang。😊，Instant lifestyle change。On the other hand。

A guy who has a situational confidence， not a core confidence。

 but a situational confidence such as he needs to look a certain way， he needs to have friends there。

 he needs to have a certain routine， stuff like that。

It's going to take him a lot longer to learn to be good with women。And the stronger effort。

 that's where I was coming from， by the way。That's very much where I was coming from。

 and it's going to take him longer。Because not only does he have to learn the stuff that the God the core comp has to learn。

He has to do a complete overhaul for his entire worldview。😡，The way that he views himself。

One of the interesting things， though， when I was writing the blueprint。😡，Really got me thinking。

Was why should you have core confidence？It's an interesting question。I mean， yeah。

 believe in yourself， man， you deserve it because it's who you are。's your identity。 Why， why。

 why do you deserve。To have women， why should you have that。

 Why should you have that core confidence。 I think that's something that we all struggle with。

 We know that if we have core confidence that we'll be successful。

 but we don't see a legitimate reason of why we should have core confidence。

 There is nothing that you can come up with。 It's like， w this guy。

There's this other guy next to me who has everything that I have。

 so you're seeing how you relate to that guy， you're seeing where you stand in relation to him。

 so you see no logical reason why you should feel on his level or better。

There's no logical reason for it， and I really had to dig deep to think about。

You know where that comes from？On one hand。You have internal validation， and on the other hand。

 you have external validation。People who were externally validated。

Are always at the mercy of how other people respond to them。If you guys route last night。

 every woman responded well。You probably would feel great。But what if they don't？

Are you at the mercy of how they respond to you， do they dictate how you feel about yourself？

Think of your mind as like a loop。Your sense of reality。The tapestry。Of your reality。

 what makes up your reality？You know， the ceiling， the floor。

You know your mind is processing that reality around you at all times。

Some people process the reality。Only based on what other people think of them。

They look to others to determine their reality。😡，So if somebody else doesn't respond well to them。

 they say。Their mind processes， processes it as。I suck。And their state follows that。

The state follows the reality。Because someone else says。You know。

 from an identity to an identity perspective， I'm this guy， this is my identity。

 this is your identity， so stay down there in your little fucking toolbox place。

 whatever you're down there， I'm up here， that's that。😡，On the other hand。

 you've got people whose entire reality is determined internally。

They don't really care what other people think of them。

Can anyone here think of any possible downsides to that？Sure。What would be a possible downside？Yeah。

 that could be， absolutely。No reference for growth。 Absolutely。 you're going to say the same thing。

 Yep， no reference for growth。 You guys might know people or be like this yourself where。

Once the guy realizes。That it's just all about only caring what he thinks。

 He feels like he's solved the game。He's figured it out。 know， he's gotten behind the game。

 He's figured it all out。 and he gets a sort of a feeling of superiority from that。 But as a result。

He isn't motivated to do anything。He isn't motivated to get off his ass。And eventually。

 the incongruencies start to seep in。I'm sure you guys have met people who you know they have a strong sense of what they deserve out of life。

 you know maybe they've done like a lot of self-help work， whatever it is。

 but they' maybe they've got it naturally， but they've got that strong sense of what they deserve and who they are。

 but they don't have a life that aligns with that， maybe they don't have the girl that aligns with that。

There's nothing actually more nasty than a pickup artist who knows how to pick up girls。

 he knows everything about it， but he really hasn't gotten those girls， that's an angry guy。😡。

Very angry guy you'll see guys like that， they're bitter right and they'll have a million reasons why going out is stupid and why it's all stupid all that stuff。

 but in truth， they're dealing with their own issues。So。There's a balance。

See a way to think of it as like reference points， as a reference point。If you're in an elevator。

 if you're in a glass elevator。😡，You can see where you are， you can just look outside。

What if you're inside of an elevator and the lights are burnt out and it's like a regular elevator。

 you don't know where you are。 So by having other people。

 we create the context through which we decide where we stand。And through that context。

 we decide our state follows suit， your state， whether you're in state or out of state。

When you go to a nightclub。And there's all these cool people there。

 and you feel like they're above you， your state goes down。On the other hand。

 if you go to a club full of 18 year olds and they're kind of doy。

 you might feel completely comfortable as a result of that。A guy with core confidence。

Does not predicate his sense of reality？On something external。

 he does not predicate his sense of reality is not predicated。Based on the other people around him。

It's just a part of who is。 So let's go back to what I said， why？😡。

Why should you have core confidence？Well， something kind of scary that I realize is that。

Is it very possible that you shouldn't？Because if you're not living your life the way that you want to live your life。

If you're living your life in reaction。And you're living your life in a shit way。

Probably you shouldn't have core confidence。So I really thought about this。

When you think about looks。Certain women that are good looking。

 Have you guys seen how the standard of beauty has changed for women in the past 30，40 years。

Do you guys know what I'm talking about， you know， the standard of beauty 30。

40 years ago was women who were more curvy。I have a theory。

 I don't know if this is complete nonsense， but I have a theory that the reason why the skinny。

 skinny women are so popular these days is because of fake breasts because。Back in the day。

 if a woman was really skinny， she probably would have very small breasts， so men wouldn't like that。

 but since fake breasts came out， most women like in Playboy are like these skinny little girls that were probably flat as little boy slaps with fake tips on like awesome so that's the thing is that you're seeing that the standard of beauty is changing。

How about the standard of looks， how about for guys？

The standard of looks is moving more towards this Eastern European male model look。

That was not the standard of beauty。30 or 40 years ago for man。It's different。

 the standard is always changing。😡，The standard of beauty is not necessarily what's genetically superior。

 is it？Because it's genetically superior in terms of maybe strength or symmetry。

Might not be what social conditioning has dictated is popular at that time。

Genetic superiority is not necessarily dictated by the quality of the gene so much as the likelihood that that gene will reproduce。

A tan， for example， is not necessarily healthy， getting a tan can sometimes be unhealthy。

 but it's considered sexy。So therefore， that's a certain social center that's there。

 300 years ago if you had a tan， that meant that you worked out in the fields。

So the standard changed， these are all standards that we have。

The thing is you can dictate your own standard。It comes down to whether or not your frame is strong enough。

People are always doing something called social pinging。😡。

Social ping is an unconscious process that's going on at all times。

 where we're constantly looking out into the world and seeing what is normal， what is the norm。

If you guys have ever heard a culture shock， that is when you go somewhere where the norm is so upside down that you literally。

 your sense of reality is just flipped out， it's just flipped out because。😡。

Your whole social ping system is being thrown out of whack。

When you have what's called a strong frame。Which is a strong interpretation of reality。

 Do You guys all get what a frame is。It's like the window through which you look at reality。

When you have a strong frame。😡，People， when they socially ping you。Con senseense your belief。

And who you are， what you're doing， the way you're acting， et cetera， et cetera。

This is why if a girl tests you and you show no reaction to it。😡，She thinks you're cool。

Remember that in any social interaction。There is always one person。Racting more to the other person。

Then that person is reacting to them。Let's say that again。Because it's important。

In any social interaction， theres always one person reacting more to the other person than that person's reacting to them。

If you're talking to a woman。She might be reacting to you more than you're reacting to her。

Or you might be reacting to her more。Whoever is reacting to the other person more？

Probably has the lower social value and is probably less attractive to the other person。

 This is why when you're in state， if you've ever been out in state。

 you are so indifferent to what to how the woman reacts。 She can feel that off of you。

 She can feel that vibe off of you。 She can feel in your pupil。 She can feel in your voice。

 She can sense that you're not reacting。And when you can sense that that person is not reacting to you in any way。

 it draws you into their frame， it draws you。😡，To take on their belief systems。Because remember that。

 people are always paying for what certainty？People are always looking to see who is more certain of their reality and whoever has the most certain sense of reality is the person who probably has the most influence on the group's opinion。

😡，Think about rock groups that dress in the most ridiculous clothing or wrappers。😡，Look how rappers。

Just by stylizing their image of growing up in the ghetto。Have got entire countries of white kids。

 like where I come from in Canada， dressing like little ghetto kids。They want to be like that。

This is what people who change culture do。People who are trendsettters have a style or have an identity that is unique。

 and that a lot of people would think is ridiculous。 But because they have such a strong frame about。

 they're so certain about it。😡，And they stylize it with humor， cool stuff， fun things。

 maybe good music。 They stylize it with that。And it becomes cool。

So this is what I was thinking about in terms of the word authenticity。The word authenticity。

See when you approach a woman。Your mind is looping。Your mind is saying， where do you stand？

If your standards。Of what is good and what is not good is dictated by television。😡。

Chances are most of us in this room。Are not going to live up to that standard。

Because we're deciding to buy into the standard of television。😡，But what is TV all about。

 we live in a capitalist society， we're in Manhattan right here， we're in a capitalist society。

What is advertising's goal， Adver's goal is to make you paranoid that you don't have enough to buy their products。

And I don't blame them， they need to call to action。

 they need to get you off your ass if you don't have some kind of emotional reason to buy their product。

 you're not going to buy it。😡，So。What advertising does is they say you're not good enough。

 you need these products and you need to look like these people， these models in our products。

 and of course you don't， but you can try to look like them， but you never will probably。

 you can come close， but you probably never will。😡，To me。

 the guys that get girls are the guys that have their own style， their own way of interacting。

 and they don't try to live up to other people's standards。They draw other people into it。

Let's say that I'm going to go do an interview on the media。Say that before I go in there。

 I start thinking to myself， what are they going to ask me？😡，And I think。

 can I get their approval and I start thinking that beforehand？😡，If I do that。

 and I try to come up with all these perfect little answers for them that I think will meet their standard。

Will I ever win？😡，What do you think？No， because they have a prejudge opinion of me already going in。

 and it doesn't matter what I think about I'm not going to win that one， it's not going to fly。😡。

What if I go in there irrelevant to what they think？And when I get on there。

 I talk about what I'm passionate about and what I'm focused on。

 and if they try to throw these weird questions at me，😡，Anyway， go back on what I'm passionate about。

 what I'm focused on。😡，In that case， they will be drawn in。It's amazing how。You know， I remember。

I remember doing this speech once。About inner game。And it was a very basic speech。

And the guy who had just gone right before me had just spoken about a lot of fantastic techniques。

 and these were amazing techniques。But because I spoke powerfully that day。

He started to feel as if his techniques were ridiculous and started saying to me， you know。

 started qualifying himself to me， and I remember thinking I really thought his speech was better。

I thought that his speech was more interesting than mine。

 but because of the fact that I had more conviction of what I was saying on that particular day。

That's how he felt。It's that same thing as when you go out with someone who you feel like they're better at picking up girls than you are。

And you lose your confidence in the way that you pick up girls， you start trying to play their game。

That's what always happens。 When I go out with somebody， just because。I run RSD。

 I think people have like a certain preconception of me。

And what I'll always say to them is play your own game， don't try to play my game。

 even don't watch what I'm doing， play your own game。

 don't get caught up with what I'm doing a lot of the time I'll even try to lay back and let them sort of build up some steam so I can get the best out of them because if they start trying to play my game。

 it's not going to work they're not going to catch up to that。😡，See。

 so that's what it comes down to is playing your own game。 The word that I use here is authenticity。

When you're approaching that woman， what most guys are thinking is how have the women reacted to me tonight。

 how am I dressed， am I good enough， they're thinking that。😡。

Your brain has to be rewired to focus on identity。😡，I am entitled to this because of my identity。

 because of who I am， because I am real。😡，You have to have your own set of standards for what you want out of life and live that standard。

 That is what it's about。 You have your own passions， your own things that you love。

 your own things that you respect and admire。😡，And you have to do them。

That's what we call self actualization。You know who you are。

 you know that you've done the things that are good。

You know that people have only had good experiences with you。So why should you ever think about？

What they think。You have no reason to think that。When I think about。What it means to be cool。

And then the word congruence， it's an interesting distinction to me。

You guys all heard the word congruence？You guys have heard it？

You guys have heard it sorry I need a little bit of feedback here right。You guys have heard that。

You guys have heard of the wordCool。Of course。But how do you define a word like cool？

What does it mean to be cool， Any thoughts， any？Any thoughts on that guys？

What does it mean to be cool， use that word all the time？Suggestions。Self compete within yourself。

 sure。Absolutely。Confience to stand out， definitely。Yeah。Whatsability。On when？Unflappability， yeah。

You're not flapappable。Okay， that's cool。So it means unreactive， I guess， yeah。You know， too。

Strength， sure， okay， yeah， definitely， you know， to me there's two different things。

 there's congruence。And then there's being cool。 And I think they're different concepts。

 I think that they're。Distinct concepts。Congruence to me。

Is when you have sort of found an alignment in your role in society。

And you yourself are mentally in alignment with it。Have you guys ever known someone who， you know。

 he wasn't that compelling， maybe he's kind of boring？😡，But he was comfortable with that。

You guys know anyone like that？Because， there's different kinds of things going on here。

 You can take a guy who's not that good with women。But he's very unreactive。

He never qualifies himself。YouHe's not trying to impresspress anybody。

 but he's just not that good with women。Why is he not that good with women because he doesn't really stand out？

There's nothing that stands out about him。 He's a generic， and he's a conformist。

He doesn't have that high sense of who he is。Then you've got other guys。

 I'd say this was probably more what I was for a long time。Who stand out a lot？

And have that sense of who they are。But they're not in alignment with it yet。

They haven't really come to believe it。 I think a lot of guys that learn this game。

 that's what they are too。 It's like， you know you learn how to be funny。

 you learn how to know bus balls， how to stand out， how to dress interesting。

 but you don't believe it yet， don't you're not congruent to it yet。You know。

 if I were to look back it。AtMy path to becoming good with women。

I think about all the things that I tried to do at first， you know， I tried to get know nice house。

 car， education， money， clothes， all that kind of stuff。And I had this stuff。

 but I wasn't in alignment with it， I wasn't congruent to it。If I talked to a girl。

 it wasn't enough that I had this stuff， I would try to talk about it， I would try to bring it up。😡。

The thing is。It came across that I was not in alignment with that。

 a guy who has that up does not need to bring that up。Because he's in alignment with it。

 and it shows by his confidence。And by his attitude。So those are distinct concepts。

 coolness being that you can play with and bend social norms。

 you don't conform or submit to social norms， but you can bend them， edge outside and play with them。

 you have a repertoire， humor， personal style。There's things about you that stand out。

 things about you that are interesting， compelling。

You have a sense of where you stand that's high up， and the congruence is being in alignment to that。

You could be congruent to a low value identity， you could be congruent to a higher value identity。

But congruence is becoming into alignment with that。

For a lot of guys I think you know you know what they say is like just realizing how money you are。

 I't that one for swingers， it's like you've just got to realize how money you are。

 it's like if you just realized it， like you can have all this stuff about you。

 you can have all these amazing things going for you， but if it would just click in your mind。

If it would just have that little click in your mind。And you realized it。

That's what would really give you like the real strong frame that draws people and sucks people in。

There's different。Social strategies behind that。One of the distinctions that I make。Is value givers？

And value takers。People who give value。And people who take value。know， in the same way。

 I talked about。You know， what does it mean to be？Authentic。

Why should you have a high value identity？And the realization I had was because you know that you're real。

 you know that you're not bending。To pressure from other people。

You know that people have only had good experiences with you。 So you know at this point。You know。

 when you've reached that point， you can go talk to any woman and you know， look。

 I'm just a real dude。People have good experiences with me。 And if they don't。

 it's their issue and not mind because I've sorted this area of my life out。

 It's their issue and not mind。 when you really know that， when you really have that understanding。

 that if someone is not cooled you， it's their issue and not yours because you truly understand that you've sorted out who you are and what you're about。

That's when you don't have this kind of state fluctuation anymore。

 That's when your state fluctuation goes away。And you can chill out。

And you could be at a club all by yourself， dressed like shit。

And you still have no problem going and talking to people and bringing that best side of your personality out of you。

Because you got that into alignment with yourself。So I sort of had a definition of。

You know what it means to be a value giver and a value taker。By the way。

 any questions on this so far？No questions because it a little bit denser than what we were talking about before。

嗯O。SureYeah。switched overnight or was it over？an immediate switch or did you kind of like grow into that。

 I grew into it。 Yeah， you know， I think for me。One of the things that really， really helped me。

Was when I took a lot of criticism in the media。Pretty hard stuff。And I just stopped caring。医疗。

I just stopped really giving a shit。Yeah， I got this。Whatever life goes on。 You know what I mean。

 right， It's like， I think that in a lot of ways， if you can just let go of caring what people think about you。

 like if you could just truly let it go。And almost like。When you're talking to people。Observe。

When you're trying to impress。Or when you're trying to get the approval and really look at it。

And really look at the root behind your communication and see。Where you're trying to impress。

 where you're caring and any time that you catch yourself caring what people think about you。

 just cutting it off。😡，You know， that could do amazing things。 I mean。

 that that's what really helped me， you know， was just letting go。Like for a long time， you know。

 I cared what people thought。 But you've got to ask yourself。

 why do you care about what people think， Why you've got to like get to the root of that。

 What is the reason that you care what people think。😡，It can only come from a position of insecurity。

That's the only reason you can care is from a position of scarcity and insecurity。Otherwise。

 you wouldn't care。😡，You could say that you've got reasons for caring。

I'm sure you can come up with some， but really。We're biological machines， we're built。

Mostly to be bothered by stuff。 that's a threat and to like stuff that helps us。

 Chances are if it's not a threat， you're not that bothered by。 Look， case in point。

 there's an entire country across the sea called Africa with people starving and dying。

 And you know what， I'm pretty upset by and all that， but。I don't know， man， you know。

 I'm not even there。 I've never even seen it。 I don't even know what's going on over there。

 and I don't have that powerful of an emotional reaction to it。

 I'm actually very interested in going to see。 That's why I've been thinking about that lately。

So whenever you care about what people are thinking。

 yous probably coming from a position of insecurity or viewing it as a threat。But ironically。

 by trying to micromanage that， you shoot yourself in the foot。😡，It does not help you。

 you can't win weird that humans are wired like that， very interesting。So。A value giver。

Isn't that interesting， the idea of giving value。Because that's a little bit counterintuitive。

The idea of giving value。Well， isn't that like buying drinks？Or buying dinners。Or giving money。

That's giving value or maybe like being almost like a clown。You know， giving value。

 but that's not what giving value is about。Those things that I just mentioned are taking value。

Because when you do those things。You're doing it to get。People to be indebted to you。

Or you're doing it to get a reaction。To pump your own state。

As soon as a woman can tell that you're doing something to get a reaction from her to pump your own state。

Cases to work， useless， she loses attraction。So to me， being a person who is a value giver。

Means someone who offers value， not with favors。Not with。You know， entertainment。

But someone who offers value by their presence。And their individuality。

So let me tie that back in with what I was saying。I talked about authenticity， being real。

 what that means， what that means to really be like transparently real。

And to have developed your own individuality on a very deep level。If you guys look， you。

 look at guys' like you know， Axle Rose or somebody like that。Who are just so， you know。

 they're so creative。That， you know， got like Tupac Shaur or biggie Smalls。 you know， they have that。

They have their own style。And they're not following any commercial formula。

 They're not following what， you know， they're not following a tried and tested business model。

 They're setting trends。They're changing culture。Because they're taking what they do。

And they're going to a place so deep inside of themselves to find what's so real to them。

And they're bringing it out of themselves with so much emotion and power and realness behind it。

 So raw。The people just feel that energy， and they want a piece of it for themselves。

And that's what sell like millions of records， and changes culture。

Because they're doing that in a lot of ways， that's what being a pickup artist is about。It's like。

 you've got these pressures on you。To impress。To meet other people's standards and they're pulling at you。

 and they're pulling at your mind。And when you can just get down to a place like so find out like you know who you are on such a deep level。

 you know who you are， you know what's real to you。You understand that nothing is a threat to you。

And because you understand that nothing's a threat to you， you can bring that side out to yourself。

 from a very deep place。That is what gets you girls。

 That is when you can just walk up to a girl and you can talk to her。 Bang， she's sucked in。

 she's drawn into it immediately。 She's qualifying herself to you。 She wants to know more about you。

😡，That's what that's about。You know， being an artist。that's a tough job。

Anyone who's done anything creative。It's a hard job。 It's like torture in a lot of ways。

 it's like a love， hate relationship with yourself and with your art。Because when you're an artist。

It's almost like being a pickup artist where you're always trying to go into state。 But as an artist。

YouYou're trying to get into that zone。 You're trying to get into that creative spot in your mind。

But it's so hard to get at because you've got all these pressures to be something you're not。

 you know， to copy what other people are doing， these pressures that are pushing at you。

You have to push through that and get to that place so down， like so far down inside yourself。

 the realestt place inside of you。To be able to bring that out。And to almost like capture it。

 whether it's in a song or a drawing， whatever it is acting。That's what being an artists about。

 and that's what being a pickup artist is。It's like you've been in state， you know。

 you've had that glimpse of who you want to be。That's what you know Brad Pitt Tyler joined the movie F Club。

 right， He says self improvement is masturbation。He's like。

 but we're after self destruction and that is getting somewhere。And it's like。

 you guys have this identity， this concept of who you are。You've got your rationalizations。

 your blind spots， you've got blind spots to all these different things， your reasons。

 your story for why you are， who you are， you've got this story。😡，Of why you are the person you are。

And for me。I had this story。 I had these blind spots， these rationalizations， and I had to。

I had to look past them。 I had to say， screw it， screw my current identity。

 forget my current identity， Just scrap it， my style， the way that I act。 you know。

 my opinions on things， I just let them go。 I shoved them aside。 And I said， I'm like a blank slate。

 That's what we talk about selfdestruction。You know， in the movie F club。

 he's so attached to like his Ikea furniture。 You know， it's like。

 what could define him if he got the perfect close of perfect furniture， he could be defined by that。

And he just scrapped it because he understood that in a commercial society。

That that is just buying it to somebody else's frame。 It's not real， and you'll die unsatisfied。

I think most people in today's society die， very unsatisfied。

Our society has a tremendous fear of death， tremendous fear of death in our society。

Because people don't feel as if they have lived， people don't feel like they have lived their lives。

They feel like they have bought into the lives of other people。That other people have。

Have dictated do them。It's become of emotional do for me。You know。

And I guess just getting out of that。Like having the balls， you know， to see。So I'm kind of on。

 this is a very important topic for me。Having that concept of who you are。

And having the boss to run with it。You know who you want to be。And having the balls to run with it。

It's just such a powerful thing。Because that's the thing when you guys go out， I see you guys。

 I work with you guys every weekend， okay。These guys that come in every weekend。And。

 they're so like pressured， know， they're reacting。They react to what the girls think about them。

 and they're reacting to。She's all these different pressures in the lives。

And you you want to pull them out of it。 You just want to shake them out of it。 You know。

 if you can shake them out of that。And just get them。

Get that out of their heads and get them in touch with who they are。

 Get them to find that sense of individuality。You know， you can change your lives actually。

You can change it permanently and set them on a different path。Okay。

