# 18、RSD泰勒 《基础与高级游戏》：正宗社交力学 DVD 3【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

嗯。You know， some girls are messed up。Some girls have learned that fighting is a precursor to love。

Some girls will try to make guys fall in love with them。You know， string guys along。

 you guys should recognize girls like that。You know。

 if don't get involved in relationships with girls that are like that because it will just be a huge headache for you。

 recognize what's going on there all right， you a question。Nancy Friday， yeah。

 I was just going to get to that actually。there was a book that came out that a lot of guys read it。

 I think you can get the just just by skimming it book by Nancy Friday called My Secret Garden。

 And it was talking about all women's different sexual fantasies， that kind of thing。

 I think that that sort of shed some light。😊，On the way that women being repressed in our society can kind of manifest itself。

 the basic gist of the book is all the different fantasies that women have from rape fantasies to incest fantasies。

 things like that， and these are the manifestations that can happen because women are being bombarded with these feelings of guilt about their sexuality。

 or it's just a fantasy they have I mean whatever it is。

 you can sort of get some insight as to what's going on there。嗯。Let's move to another topic。

Congruence tests。Sometimes people will try to force you into a role that is not who you are。😡。

They will try to put you into a role to create a dynamic between you and them where you're either trying to impress them。

You know， where you're trying to qualify yourself to them， where you're being submissive to them。

 things like that。This happens a lot in environments where guys get drunk where girls are acting a bit cocky。

 things like that， that can happen okay you've got to be prepared for that。

 you've got to expect that to happen， it's almost like a game， it's just kind of funny。Some examples。

Some guy comes up to you he says， hey， dude， dude， dude， now you're cool guy， man， show me。

 show me something， show me something。😡，See， what's he's trying to do to you there。

 he's trying to get you to try to impress him to put you into that role。 A girl might say。

 are you going to buy me a drink， if you're going to talk to me， or are you going to buy me a drink。

Someone who wouldn't reciprocate it might say，"Hey， go to the store and get me something。

 and you know that they wouldn't do that for you。😡，Trying to put you in that role。呃。

Say that a girl who you just met says， is that a pickup line？Are you trying to pick me up？

Trying to put you in that frame as if you want something from her。

 She's trying to put you in that role。 Maybe she calls you a jerk。When that happens。

 what a lot of guys will do is try to answer logically。😡，But you have to have a line。😡。

Of what kind of behavior you'll respond to logically and what kind of behavior you will basically blow off What kind of behavior youll。

Not even acknowledge it in any logical way。So I came up with sort of a list of different ways that you could respond。

 One of the kind of wacky things about when I come up with these big lists。Because you know。

 I'll sit down and think of the various different ways I have responded in the past is that a guy will memorize that list and try to unload every last one of them based on one situation。

That's weird。Don't do that。The more passive， the better。

 so the first one that I said and this is the most passive one is just to answer straightforwardly。

 but not be visibly emotionally affected in any way to what they're trying to do。😡，So say guys like。

Say that a guy said， say that you're showing someone pictures， for example。 Okay。

 have you guys ever seen a situation like this， you're showing your friends some pictures or maybe you're showing some girls some pictures and some cocky guy comes he like。

 oh。Pictures。Those are cool man， here， show me your pictures， bro， show them to me， come here。

 show me your pictures。And you're like， okay， here it is， they're like， oh， these are awesome buddy。

So what's happening there is he's trying to put you in a role where you're trying to qualify yourself to and that's what role he's trying to put you into。

So。A passive way of responding that is literally just not showing any emotional reaction to it。

 like actually just doing what he wants to go。也是。Here。Com in。

just no emotional reaction because it will happen， he's expecting you to go submissive in your eye contact。

 your body language， your voice， and so when you just show complete indifference to it。

He just looks like an idiot， he actually just looks kind of hyper。

So that's basically that's a simpler way to do it， right if a girl accuses you， know you're a jerk。😡。

Yeah。嗯。That's it， right， no emotional reaction to it。That's important。Another one。

 this is interesting。Don't answer at all。Just don't answer it。

A lot of guys don't realize that you are not required to answer every question that's asked of you on a day to day basis。

 If someone asks you something and they're trying it's not a legitimate question。

 It's a question where they're trying to put you into a role。Just don't answer。

If you want to get a bit scientific here， what that's conveying is that you have a certain sense of reality and you're so accustomed to being treated a certain way that when someone says something to that's outside of that。

 you can't even process it。😡，It's like it makes such little sense to you that you just don't answer it。

That's basically what is conveyed。You give example。So， anyway。The third one。

Is to cut off their thread by not responding and asserting a new topic of conversation。该对该是。😊，So。

What that is is basically。You know okay， when you're meeting a girl。

 she's going to throw these conversational threads at you。

 she's going to throw stuff at you that it's like a curveball and it's useless。

 it's not helping the pickup， it's not helping you in any way。

 it' just it's moving you away from your goal。If she's throwing something at you。

 this' moving you away from what you're trying to do。

Just ignore it and just talk about something else。 They teach this to you in PR， in media training。

 where they'll say answer the question that you wish you would have been asked。

So if you're some kind of media mogul， you you're in the media a lot and they ask you some like like for example。

 here's the kind of thing I would probably get。 say where to go on television， know。

 they'll say they'll say are you teaching creepy men to manipulate you know， vulnerable women。

 which is it's just， it's so far。Outside of what I'm doing， it's so outside of my reality。

 I don't even know how I would answer that， to be honest， because it's just， it's so。Weird。

Of a question ask。There's no way that I can respond to that。 I have no answer for that。 So。

 of course。How do you answer， just answer the question you wish that you would have been asked？

He said， you know， yeah， I have a strong passion for helping guys transform themselves。

That's what I do。 Just answer the question you wish you would have been asked。

 So if a girl says to you， you know， are you trying to pick me up。

 One answer to that is you're just like。Anyway， I saw this kid today， It was really cool right。 And。

 he did this funny thing。 You bump a new garbage can， whatever tell a funny story。 just boom。

 just cut it off。 You don't have to answer everything。 You don't get that in your head。

 You do not have to give a logical response to everything you're asked。 Just cut it off。

 force a new thread of conversation。Here's another one。

Answer in the way that they want but make them wait for it。So say that someone says。

 can you go get this for me and you know， maybe you'd actually be willing to do it， yeah。

 I'll do it a bit。And you could still do it， but you could do it later， say that a girl says。

 buy me a drink， maybe you could buy a drink， but make her wait。😡。

What we're getting at here is that you're showing that you're in your own reality and you're not responding to everything that's being thrown at you。

😡，That's the issue here。呃。Next one。To answer almost in the way they want。

 but to do something that's slightly different and funny。So for example， I mean， you know。

 very basic， you know， if someone says here， come over here right or here， could you walk towards me。

 you're just like， yeah， sure。Like that， you know， it's just any silliness that shows that you're not like because if they're trying to clown on you。

 they're trying to tool you just to show that you're not being affected by that。

 you're not being pulled into it。😡，Next one， to jokingly call them out for trying to step up。

Like if a girl says something， calls you jury。Whoa。You trying to step up。 What's up， right。

Plow it like that， you know， tease them for it if they try to put you into that kind of frame。 Hey。

 hey， hey， whoa， oh， stepping up。That's all you got to do， just joke about it， just make jokes of it。

Another great one。Joke with them that whatever they said is playing up to an earlier observation that you made about them。

😡，That's a great one。Say that earlier you said that they're troublemakers。

 say you called her the girl troubleublemakers a joke。

 and then she says something kind of weird to you that throws you a curveball， you know what， wow。

 you are a troublemaker。What that's conveying is that they're basically playing into the reality that you set。

 It's almost conveying that they have a in a way because you called them something and they're just playing into it。

 So they're just living up to exactly your expectations。 gives you the position of power。

Another good one， joke that they're just too powerful for you to handle that they win。

That's a great one。 Like， you know， if someone throws something just's totally weird at you。

Some kind of， some kind of test。 Its go， whoa。Wow， you got me。You win。You're too powerful。

Just too powerful for me to deal with right now。Anything like that， Okay。

 anything just not taking too seriously。Answer was something equally random and as absurd as the role that they're trying to put you in。

What does that mean if they， you know， if they ask you some completely weird question。

 just come up with some equally absurd answer。 you don't have to give that the time of day in any in any way。

 shape or form。 Another one， answer cryptically。 A lot of guys in Hollywood， you'll see doing that。

They get it you know， you know， the artsy type right， So I' ask them questions。 like， oh， yeah。

 being realo bros。 you got got to be like yeah， be chill bro。 then you're like， what right？

 And that's because And what they're doing is they're actually pulling you into their frame because they're answering crypically and you're trying to figure out what they're saying。

 So they're pulling you into their reality。Last couple。To do whatever they want。

 but make them do something first。Say that a girl says to you。 I don't smoke myself says she says。

 do you have a cigarette， You say， sure， make make your best animal noise。

Make them make the animal noise， go， you know， that was awesome here。You earned it。Like that。

 jokingly imitating them。That's great。 Whatever they said， just say a back。 She says， you're a jerk。

 You're a jerk。Okay， my mile bunny 26， he would take two cigarette cartons out like this and make them like talking heads。

 And he would imitate their conversation。 Like， I just want to talk to you， You're me。 You're a jerk。

 Go back and forth like that。 Anything imitating them。 It's great。😊，Give them a weird look。

 That's a good one。 If a girl just says something totally weird to you， just。Like that don't respond。

 to give a weird look。 ignorere them entirely。 That's when guys are are kind of being dis。

 Just a lot of time guys trying to put you in a roll。 Just ignore it。 literally。

 just keep talking to your friend as if you can't even hear what they're saying。 That's great。

 Last one。😊，I gave a lot of examples of it is misinterpretation。Misinterpretation is great。

Misinterpret。That they said something entirely different to you。Misinterpreted。

 they complimented you。Say thank you。 I'm glad you like it。Misinterpreted。

 they tried to impress you go， hey， hey， whoa， whoa。I I'm already impressed。

You don't have to impress me。You're doing great。Iitate that they tried to come on。

 misinterpret that they tried to come onto to you。Go， hey， you know what， Whoa。

 I'm having a great conversation right now， having a lot of fun。 But I think we need like more。😊。

Trust， comfort and connection。Before before we could do something like that。

act as if they were kidding and trying to entertain you。You know， she calls you jerks。Awesome， yeah。

 It's like she's trying to entertain you。Another one。You know。

 misinterpretted that they said something funny and weird that they didn't mean to say。

If the girl keeps saying there's six of them， there's six of them and say， whoa。

 I can't have sexy to you。 I'm sorry。 Okay， there's anything， anything weird。

 Another great one misinterpreted that they mumbled and that you couldn't hear them So they have to keep repeating it over and over。

That's a good one， too， what？So I didn't get that。Pardon me。Well， I'm sorry I I'm not hearing you。

 Okay these are frames。 now look。Notice what I wrote underneath here。Because it's important。

This kind of thing can be one of the most severely misunderstood aspects of social dynamics。

 It's something to be used sparingly， Otherwise it comes across immediately as of noxious overcompens。

So again， what I've given you guys here is a pretty good list of a variety of different things that probably people have done to you。

And think you know， ways that you can respond when women throw a curveball at you when you're talking to them。

 A lot of the time when when women first talk to you。

 they throw these congruence tests at you to see what you're made of。 They'll do it quickly。

 The other day I want a bus。 I'm playing a video game machine that my friend lent to me and the grill immediately is like。

 oh， we've got a video game player here。😊，What do you guys think that is。

 immediately that's a congruent that she's throwing at me right away。If I'm like， no， my。

 say that I actually told a truth， I don't normally play video games。 My friend just lent it to me。

 and I thought I would try it out。 You guys think that's a good answer。 It's a terrible answer。

 even if it's true。So I， so I can't remember。 I probably said something。 I remember first。

 I I just looked at her， I was like。Just kept playing video games。Right， so then， of course。

 that interest her。 So she's like， she's like， she's like， so， you know， why。

 why are you all into these video games。😊，I love video games。I love video games。はい。

I have not left my house in five years。Because these video， I have the strongest thumbs powerful。

 Okay， whatever， you know， you know， I'm just saying stuff here。

 The point is that's gonna to hook that that interest quickly。 when girls first like you。

 oftentimes they'll throw these little pieces at you。And it's the way that you respond to。 Now。

 the thing is some of those responses I get that were actually probably a little bit more higher energy than I might even normally go。

 Usually pretty much if I don't like it， I'll just blow it off。

 And it's usually the most powerful way。 It's just the least reactive way is possible。

 because a lot of time， when guys use the more fancier techniques， they。

 they come across as very reactive。 They come across this very。😊，Kind of， you know。

 so it's actually really horrible。 I deal with this on workshop all the time。 And， you know。

 I have to unwire it。 So the point is， is that。Have an idea of what you'll respond to what you want' when women throw that stuff at you。

 That's cool。 That's a good sign。 That's her way of playing with you。 Play with her back。

 That's a great sign。😊，Because the truth is， a woman's not going to say that to some dorky guy。

 This girls not like some evil creature that walks to the dorky guys。

 just tooling them for playing video games at random。 He I don't think she is。So the point is。

 is that she's doing that to you because she's kind of curious about you。

 She's interested to see what you're about。 It it's a psychological thing Women will do it when you have a girlfriend。

Even when you have a girlfriend， she sees some guy that's hotter than you。

 A lot of the time your girlfriend will come back to you acting bitchy and grumpy to see what you'll do。

They'll do that a lot。 And if you don't know how to handle that， then they lose attraction for you。

 But if you don't show any response to it。 And you just think it's funny and you play it off like it's very cute。

 very cute。 And you have that kind of attitude towards it。 Then you come off as strong。

 and she keeps her attraction for you， in fact。You know， most girls I've dated are like that。

 They're very testy。 And a lot of the time they say as a man， you know。

 a lot of people say this is that you always have to have your own purpose in life outside of your woman because then when women come and give you these tests。

 they kind of just bounce off of you because it really doesn't affect what you're about anyway。

 you always know you can be someone new。 So it's fine。 But just remember that guy。 Okay， guys， Yeah。

 let's do a microphone。 What if you're on a date with the girl。😊，The restaurant。She says。

" don't got to wait your she is cute， how do you act that？

She says your shirt is cute your waiter sure is cute Well how do you recommend that？

You just say yeah，'d fuck。あな。你呢？Or， or you could just， you just go cool。 just cool whatever。

 just don't don't， don't respond to it。Yeah， because especially when you have a girlfriend。

 like you can do the whole like yeah， I fuck thing。 But when you have a girlfriend。

 there's only so many times you can do that。 So， so， you know。

 before she might want you to So so so you want to be like， I'm very passive。

 Like with my girlfriend。 man， I I'm just very， very passive。 I mean。

 she will she'll throw this stuff at me。 And I'm like， I I got a business to run here。 I'm just like。

 I don't even feel it。😊，I I will tell if my girlfriend starts to go crazy。 I'll say， look。

 and this is true， by the way。 I'm not I'm not trying to mess there anyway。 I'll say， look。

 whatever argument you want to have。 just imagine I'm like answering it all answering all your questions。

 go have it and come hang out but I don't say in the mean way because because especially in a relationship。

 There's also a of showing if it is legitimate because sometimes the girls coming to you with a legitimate issue。

 And that's where you see a lot of confusion because a lot of will learn this material。

 but they'll go too far with it， they'll take too far。

 if their girlfriend has a legitimate issue with them。 they think it's all a test。

 They think everything's a test and they start walking through life。

 thinking everyone's out to test them。 That's where you get situations like a seminar like this。

 walk in the room and I'll say can borrow chair And the like how much will you pay me And I'm like please give me the chair I got to do a seminar。

 They think I'm testing them I had one guy who to come up as an example。

 and wouldn't do what I was saying because I was testing。

 So that's like that paranoia that everything is a test chances。😊，It's probably not a test。

 It's just that if they're trying to put you into a role and you can see it's like an there's some intentionality behind it。

 then in that case， that's fine。 General， though you want to be passive with this， you want to be。

 you know as passive as possible。 Really， you know， the best answer to that， Yeah。

 the matrix is hot cool。You know， are awesome。 That's it。 Just no reaction to it whatsoever。

 Don't let it enter into your reality。Don't let it， don't let it in there。Because in a lot of way。

 too， if youre like if you do the whole like ya fuck angle， if you say it。

 but she can hear that fluctuation in your voice， like she hears it in your in your vocal cordords。

 you kind of shook a bit because you were affected by it。

 That's that's actually where you get into trouble。

 So it should never have that whole kind of kind of thing behind it。

 It should just be like who you are。 It's It's just your regular answer。 Do we have another question。

 by the way，Okay， because that's how you grab the mic back。So those are kgruous tests guys。

The kind of picture。The sort of picture。Why don't we do we'll do another quick question Yeah。

 Be tested and failed， Is there something that you can do to recover from that because I know when I've been tested and it's coming on and sometimes I've passed it I mean。

 sometimes I've failed it and I'm like， damn what are some ways that you failed it？I don't know。

 You just get that their energy turns。 I mean， I'm not thinking a specific You just react。

 You can feel yourself react。 Yeah， you know， you know you've blown it。 It's like damn。

' a recovery from that or do you just say you know walk away once girls got in her head that you're a。

 It's pretty hard It's pretty hard to work out of that。

 I mean she could see with other girls maybe But see if I tell you to go do that。

 you'll do it from a place of reaction and you'll be like。

 this is gonna work my super plan and then she'll feel that too。 I mean。

 I mean you've been sitting there working a set with a girl and something like that。

 she gives you a test， she throws it at you and you're like。

 oh damn do you want know you why don't fail test that often I mean pretty much pretty rarely because I really don't care do you see I'm saying why would I unattached It doesn't make any sense got it Yeah。

 most of the ways I passed tests。I just ignore it。 I just think it's， I think it's funny。

 I just ignore it， I'm like， oh， cool， that's it。 You know， who does that， Donald Trump。

 you see him doing that on TV a lot。You see that。 I remember he did。

 He was on like Larry Kinger one of those shows。 And the girl came on。 she was like， she was like。

 Donald Trump， why do you feel the need to brag about your money？ Why do you feel the need。Right。

 so you see， she's putting him into a box because whatever he says。He's qualifying himself to her。

 He's justifying himself。 And you know， Trump， this guy， because he really doesn't care。

 This interview could go horrible， will not affect his life。 It does not care。 So he's just like。

 he's like， oh。Well， you know， sometimes。You know， when a business has success， you know， like Oprah。

嗯。You know， some businesses like that， you know， it gets talked about。But overall。

 I don't really feel the need to talk about it。That's it， right， ignore。 Yeah Yeah。

 and I'm sure the girls like。You know， because， you know， it's just， no， just doesn't care。

 And he really doesn't care。 I。 I saw Trump on on Conan O'brien and。

 and Conan kept trying kept trying to tease him right。 And he was like， Trump， trump， trump， Trump's。

Like that does not care。's completely unreactive to it。 does not unaffected。 So。

 I think he's kind of like a kind of a funny guy。 You know。

 It's kind got like a cool kind of thing going。 Sure， he's got some other advantagees， too。

 but you know。Point being， yeah， just don't， don't respond to it。

 don't show't show any You can't fail a test that you don't take。 exactly。 It's like， all right。

 whatever。 you know， But I mean， yeah， if you fail a test， get can you get it back sure。 I mean。

 if you go in strong， like we said， women live in the emotion the moment， women， you know。

 their mind can change very quickly。 So who knows right？ But I mean， as a guy。

 you don't want to be coming from an angle of like。Because what can happen to you？

You learn this stuff。And you get caught up in going back to that old girl who like blew you off or that you wants so bad or your girlfriend。

 And you think you think you're like Luke Skywalker。 And that's Darth Vader。

 And that for you to become a master Je I， you have to like defeat the final demon in in your head。

 you'll think like that。 Or I remember like， you know， my first girlfriend。

 If I could just make her like me again。That would make it real。 But that's bullshit。

 because there's no there's no one person who dictates whether or not is real。 is false。

 There's no one person who has that power over you。 That's the power that you're giving to them。

 The truth is， you're never gonna have the perfect， you know。

 the perfect sniper thing where you could just point that girl and always get her。

 Some guys will tell you they can。 I've heard a lot of guys tell you they can。

 I've been out with them。 I've never seen it。 Being good with women isn't about that。

 That's not what being good with women's about。 Being good with women is just about being a cool guy who doesn't worry if every woman likes you。

 who's not sweating that And who just naturally picks up women as he goes along。

 That's what it's about。 It's about having that drag net。

 It's not about like the one little fishing line' trying to get that one fish。

 It's about that dragnet of having that natural personality that just comes across to women really well And women just happened to be attracts you。

 It' just who you are。 You know， And if you've got that one girl who you failed to test with。

Who cares， man。Who cares If it goes， it goes if it doesn't it doesn't， you know。

 but you can't you cannot get stuck on that。 Yeah， and that's your best chance。

 and that's your best chance of making it work。 by the way， is really what I just said。

I'm not a big fan of。Complex structures。For newbies， I used to be more into them。

 I found them useful， but what I find is that people can't remember them。

I find people get stuck in their head and there's a lack of retention。 So what I did。

Over the last couple years。Was really refined down the structure that I teach。

To being as straightforward as possible。And as potent as possible。What I've listed here。Is a very。

 very potent formula for repeated success。It's just， it's one of those things that if you do this。

 it just works。 bang， bang， bang， bang。 Like if you have it down， you could go out to a nightclub。

And you could approach five women that night。 You have five phenomenal interactions and five very solid phone numbers。

 And probably you could take your pick from among them to you know。

 head out somewhere after the club afterwards。 This is the formula that I'm gonna to teach you guys。

 Very， very straightforward。It goes like this。These are elements of a solid pickup。

 You don't have to memorize them， but I do want you to at least understand them， at least for today。

Basically goes open， hook， touch， vibe， qualify， number of venue change sex。Open being。

 you get the conversation going， hook being， you quickly differentiate yourself from the other guys。

 You've got to stand out from them in some way。 There's got to be something about your personality that stands out。

Touching， we talked about your issue and about how you were doing the touching。

 you didn't have the touching going so that the dynamic isn't there。

 Why do we want to have some kind of physical contact going early。

 Because you want to establish that that kind of interaction style with that girl so that when you escalate it's more comfortable。

Viing， that's just sharing stories， shooting the shit， having a great time。😊，Qualifying her。

That is giving her some kind of reason as to why you'd want to see her again。 Believe it or not。

 when you start to get better at this， the hardest part is not making the girl attracted to you。

 The hard part is showing her why。She should feel good about going with you。

 What is it about her that you like。That would make her would show her that this is something she'd want to be a part of。

 phone number， venue change， sex。 You guys know those。 So let's get us started。

Some of you will want to go with what's called a wingman。Wingman， it's old top gun terminology。

Wing man is when you go out of the buddy。Going out with the buddy is great。

 If you guys can get a buddy to go out with。 It can be a lot like a training partner for a gym。

 It's fantastic。 If you cannot get a buddy。😊，Don't let that hold you back。 Abolutely not。

Going out alone is fantastic。It's great， Bill's character。

 but it's also a little bit more difficult when you're starting out。 if you can get a wing man great。

 if not， don't worry about it。If you do decide to go with a wing man。ACouple things to keep in mind。

Most guys went speaking to a girl。We'll be talking to her。And when their wingman comes in。

What do they do？Oh， hey what somebody， boom， back on the girl。It's terrible。

Communicates all the wrong things。If you're talking to a girl。And your wingman comes in。

Do what the girls would do。If you're talking to a girl and her friends come。

 you know that you're going to be probably sitting there with your dick in your hands。

While she goes to hug her friend and squeal and cheer and whatever。

 when you're just gonna be sitting there， you know that we're gonna talk about how to deal with that also。

So。When your friend comes， if you're talking to the girl。

 immediately turn your body language to the friend。What's up， man。Give him some respect， You know。

 say， hi， be happy to see him。 He's your friend。 If you're not happy to be there with your friend。

 then your friend suck。 What's that say about you。 So you gotta give him that。

 You gotta give him that。 So， hey， what's up。Now， you want to quickly catch them up to speed with the conversation。

 say， you know， we're just talking about whatever， whatever we're just talking about。 say quickly。

 the short version。 otherwise， you shall not off。 then give them a big introduction。

 We call that accomplishment intro。 Ac intro is like old school pickup stuff。 Okay。

 this goes way back。 Very， very important。😊，Whatever it is that you say about them， make it big。

It's okay to brag about。 You can't brag about yourself， but you can brag about your friend。

 So that's kind of cool。 If he's got something cool going on his life， say he， he did this。

 whatever that cool thing is， great， you know he。😊，You know， he just parachuted recently。

 He's a race car driver， whatever it is that he is。 If it's not that cool。That's okay， too。It's fine。

 no big deal。You say， oh， this is my good friend， you say， you know what？

If your mom knew that you were talking to this man。She would be pissed。

Your mom would not want you talk。 This is a bad man。 No， don't， don't， don't say hi， Don't do it。

That kind of thing。It's good， playful， anything like that。 But whatever it is。You know。

 big up your friend。 Big them up， right， Just give them， give them some kind of props。

Another great thing。是 awesome。So awesome。 Most guys don't do it。Joke around with your friend。

Using inside jokes。In front of the girls。It's great。Your friend comes in you know。

 if your' budd's with this guy， you should have some kind of inside joke。

 kind of a style of interaction that you guys have。 Do that。If you immediately turn。

 just joke around with your friend。 She's going to see that。

 And it's so funny that she wants to be a part of it。She wants a little piece of that。

So she's going to try and get in on that。Now， if you have some kind of inside jokes going on with your friend and she's reacting to try to take part in that。

 what is she doing now？Shes doing。 She's leaning it towards you。 She is investing into you。

 She is reacting to you。 So you always want to have that sort of like those little pieces where you joke around with your buddy。

 so you guys look like cool guys。Most of the time， and I'll talk about this later。

 if I'm with one of the RSD boys and we've got girls back at the house。

 I'm probably talking equally as much to my friends。As I am with the girls。

What's I called is called be normal。Being a normal guy。

The girls want to go with regular cool guys that are having fun。

 They don The girls don't want to be the party。 They want to get let into the party。

 So you've got to be the party。😊，If you and your wing are having a great time and you're the life of the party。

 the people in the club can see that， and they want in。😊，So many guys are going around the club。

 wandering around the club like stalkers， looking around for that next real， give me value。

 I call that value scanning。 They're value scanning。 They want someone else to entertain them。

 They' like， where's some girl I could talk to you。

 What can you do' scanning around If you can't create a vibe inside your own group。

How are you going to create a vibe in somebody else's group？

You should already be joking around with your friend， having a good time shooting the shit。

 you could almost call that gaming each other in a non gay way。And。

Sor of just shooting the shit with each other， having fun When you see the girls。

 Think of the transition here， guys， It's so simple。

 You're already shooting the shit with your friends。 You walk by a girl， T her on the shoulder。 boom。

 she's writing that conversation。 You don't even need an opener。 It's a natural thing。

 It's totally natural。 You don't need。 You know， to have that to have that piece that you go in with。

 If you've already got a friend who you're joking around。

 you'll merge them into the conversation so quickly。 It's great。

 So always be joking around with your friends， Always give them the body language。

 Always give them that accomplishment introduction， Give him his respect when he comes in。😊，Now。

 there's different dynamics。 when there's two guys。And two girls。

There is a different dynamic going on than one is just one guy。With two guys and two girls。

 the way that it will generally go is the conversation will start as a fourway conversation。

 Its you and your friend are joking around。 They're joking around。re， it's all going back and forth。

 You're all joking around。 You're all having fun。 What what will eventually happen is when the girls's buying temperature goes up。

😊，The conversation will split， splits into two separate conversations。

 Hopefully you and the girl and him and the girl。So。You'll see it split。 Okay。

 you'll know when you're in a club。You'll know the guys that are， you know。

 you'll see the people that are quote， unquote， picking each other up because you'll see。

The two separate the two very lively conversations。

 because you know that if that's the girl's boyfriend， she's probably not having that much fun。

 So you know that you know that it's that it's like probably two people who the girls just met。

 the conversation has split。 That's how it's going Now。 What's gonna to happen。 Remember。

 we talked about girl I coding。 right， How the girls will I code。😊，What's always happening is this。

If one of the friends is not having fun and the other one is。More often than not。

Even if the friend likes you and your wingman is screwing up。Your girl will leave。

That's how it almost always is。That's how it almost always goes down。

It's just like when you go back to the house of two girls。

 if one girl wants sex and the other one doesn't。It it's quite common that they just both won't have sex。

 It's not， you know， there' different situations， but it's something that can commonly happen。So。

 when you go in。It's a two- on two approach。 Usually the way you usually the way that you'll do。

 there's a variety of ways that you can do it One way is to have your one friend go in on his own。

 warm it up。 And then your friend will come in and merge in。 That's a very common way。 That's good。

 Why shows a lot of confidence。 The guy went up by himself。 That's good。

 Another way is just to go in with your friend。 If you're already joking around。

 You have a great vibe between the two of you。 You're already being kind of loud。

 You're party and're having fun。 merge them in easily， bang， very easy， very smooth。

 That's a great one， too。😊，You and friend you and your friends should be ball busting each other。

 I was out with Todd from RD last night。 and when he was getting the girl's phone number I was telling the girl not to give the phone number。

Saying， don't do it。 don't do it。 He's bad。 Don't do it。 Don't do it。

 It just makes her want to give him more。 Okay I I could really see some of you guys misusing that one and messing up and making your friends hit you or get angry or something。

 But you know， we do， we do do a lot of ball busting on each other。 That kind of thing。 It's good。

 It creates that good vibe。 I mean， the basic power of that is that you're showing that you're not a try hard。

 You're showing that you're not some try hard guy who's so desperate to get in with that girl that you're having fun。

 She understands that that you could walk away at any point。😊，And you'd still be having fun。

 The girl， whenever you speak to a woman， she always has to understand that you're having fun on your own time。

😊，And that， yes， you might be enjoying her company。 And yes， you're drawn to female energy。

 And that's just the type of guy you are。 But at the same time， if they were gone。

 you could just be having just as much fun on your own or just as much fun with some other girls and that you're okay with that。

 You're comfortable with that。😊，Most important thing。

 So the more that you're joking around with your friend。That's great。

Now with that two on two dynamic。You know， there's， there some interesting parts of it。

When you go to extract both girls， like when you go to take the girls， say from the club。

To the restaurant。Usually， both girls have to be into it。That's how it usually goes。

It's always that thing。 Sometimes even when you're talking to two girls， you see。

 you'll see them holding hands back to back like this like that。And like that。

 And you'll actually see if， if you're perceptive， the one girl will pump the other girl's hand and the other girl will like double pump the girl's hand back。

 And I've noticed this a lot。 And they just it's like they're both going into state。

 both of their buying temperatures are going up and they want to know that the other girl is having the same fun because they don't want their friend to judge them。

 And also because girls put put their friends first， usually， usually， usually girls will。😊，You know。

 when girls go out to a club， it's， it's not necessarily， I mean， not to be like paranoid。

 but's not necessarily the safest environment for them。 It's a relatively safe environment。 But。

 you know， they want to look out for each other。 They want to make sure that， you know。

 nothing crazy happens。 They've got to make sure that their friends don't get drunk and go home with some random guys。

The girls know that their friends' buying temperatures are going up from alcohol， dancing。

 all that kind of stuff。 And they know that if they don't quote， unquote， cockb。

Some guy who's not worthy that their friend might wind up going home with some guy。

They don't necessarily want to go home with。Girls are girls are the kind of you know。

 kind of creatures that will say things like they're in a cabin and they go， okay。

 we'll go to these guys' house， but we have to promise we're not going have sex with them。

 They're know， they're having to mate to sort of keep themselves from doing what they want to do。

So that dynamic there， where they're both having fun。And they're both having a good time。 It's very。

 very important。 I'm going to talk later about different things that you can do if one of them is not having them because there's different ways that you can handle all sorts of different ways you can handle that。

The two， I'll tell you this， though。 The two set， like the two guys and two girls has got to be the most consistent。

 consistent way。Of having a lot of success with women。 like， it is so consistent because for。

 from a girl's perspective， two cool guys。😊，Like two cool guys。

 That is awesome for girls because they can go out with them with total safety。 You know。

 like it's a situation where it's completely it's a lot more comfortable and safe for them。

 They're both having fun。 No one's judging So the two cool guys think it's a good situation。

 It's actually it's actually so easy that it can become addictive。

 You actually want to go out with your wing all the time and do it。

 that's actually terrible because you should never， you should never need a wing。

 You should never be out by yourself。 a goal when my wing is not here。 That's horrible。

 So you don't want to get addict on him。 But it's a good thing。

 it's a good thing to understand it's a lot of fun。

 I love going out which is one other guy and having great time。 You know。

 it's funny because a lot of people will say that the best way to go out is with a group of girls。

 You got to see how that could be powerful。 out with a group of girls。 And and I agree。 you。

 I do it all the time。 But in a lot of ways， I actually enjoy just going out just going out with one other wing because it's so。

😊，Blindingly efficient is just so good。 Like two cool guys。 Two cool guys is awesome。

 If you view your buddy as being cool。 If you view your buddy as being cool， he'll be cool。

 If you're kind of like， oh， I wish all girls are around。 Well of course， girls will feel that。

 But if you're proud of your friends。 that's what it's all about。 Like， if I'm teaching a workshop。

 And the guys that are on that workshop， you know， they're new。

 maybe they're a little bit socially awkward。😊，When I'm talking to the girls。

 I will be so proud of those guys。 I'll show so much enthusiasm towards them that the girls will think that there must be something amazing about them。

 They're not seeing and they'll want to find out。 That， to me， is what it's all about。 It's like。

 you've always got to be proud。 Even of your house。 this even goes， we're going to Ts here。

 But even of your house， if you live in a terrible house。😊，It doesn't matter。

You've got to be proud of it。 If you've got a job that sucks。You've got to be proud of it。

 You've got to talk about it in a way that brings passion to it。 And if it's that down low。

 then you've got to talk about some other passion that you have that you consider as your true occupation。

 But whatever it is， whatever it is in your life， be enthusiastic about it。 Your wing man。

 your friends， your life， your social circle， you should always be talking good stuff。

 if you ever talk anything negative or victim self to grow you just met。

 pretty much blow yourself out。 So always have that kind of positivity。😊，Let's do a microphone。

 I think we added another question after that， too。Now。

 I was just gonna ask you with that's scenario with when you're with your wing。

 you're with your friend and and you know， one guys talking。 look lets say。

 I'm talking to the girls and so forth。 And the other guy is not doing well or or that girl doesn't like that guy。

 Then what's the next， you know， What do you do next， What's like the next step。Well。

 I was going to go into that on the extraction。Part of the program， but I mean。

 the preview is basically you can either swap。Or you can you can kind of address it there's different ways that you can address it。

 So we'll get into that but it's that an issue that you get sometimes Yeah， yeah no sucks yeah， yeah。

 it suck。 I mean， you've got， I mean， you know， another obvious answer is just take the phone number。

You know， it's not ideal， but you could just take the phone number and call later。

 That's a lot of that's what you' got to do， but。Yeah， you know。

 the attitude that you have towards your friend will help you like I just went on a huge ranabout and basically。

You know， you can also swap up， You can also talk to the girls stuff like that case。

 We'll get more into that later。 All right， did we have another question， by the way。

 The girl code within a set when they're not having a good time versus like when like you go up to try to dance with a group or something。

 And then they're all like well， we just want to dance with our friends。

 Yeah like what's a psychology behind like by the way。

 I'm not a big fan of the whole like like dance kind kind of thing right probably a better dance I'd be more into it。

 I see some guys z though it looks kind of cool。 So I should maybe get into it。 but。

 it's not not my style for sure。 it seems to me it hit or miss。But anyway。

The the bad girl code is kind of like， I don't know if you guys could get a closer of this。

 It's kind of like they kind of just， okay， they do one or two things。

 They other give like a weird look like。Like that。 Or they go on like freeze frame。

 which is very Like when they lock up and they just sit to like。It's like freeze frame。

 And then you know， the girl will see her friend is locked up。 She's like。

 oh we're going to the bathroom two later it's either the two ones that give we have to go dance or we have to go to the bathroom。

 and it's funny because as I just said that， I actually don't I haven't heard that I have to go to the bathroom where we have to go dance in a long time。

 So you will move past that。 But I remember， I heard that a lot， man， I heard that for a long time。

 you know， I definitely encouraged a lot of girls to dance and go to the bathroom my day。 So， yeah。

 you know， yeah， it takes。😊，so so when they freeze you out right away when they're all in a group。

 I mean， do they really just want to dance with their friends or what's a psychology be on that well they do like okay。

 say a girl says to you， you know another one I got sometimes was like I haven't seen my friend a long time。

 we're having conversation you know please go away and it may be true， I mean， course。

 course it might be true， but bear in mind。If you'd come in cooler。It would have ceased to be true。

So， you know， I mean， you know， they may well want to dance， but I'm sure that you know。

 if Matthew McConughhey wanted to dance with them， they might make。

 a little space for him to kind of get in， you know right So that's the thing。

 So you can't take it personally。 It's all it's shooting basketball is man， shooting basketball。

 It's the only way that whole like old school success mentality。

 which goes all the way back to like Napoleon Hill guys like that。

 which are like the old school like success gurus， basically everything is feedback。

 all rejection is learning， you know you're just modifying。

 you're never a victim don't worry about it。 every rejection is one step closer to a success。

 all that suck。 got to be in that mindset。 So it's fine。

 the number one person who's taking more blowout and rejections in this room。Thank you very much。

Okay， that's the thing， I've taken more than anybody， probably more than all of you combined。So。

Whatever it is what it is， right， I don't really care。 And I got to tell you， I really don't care。

 Like when I say that I don't care about rejection， I cannot emphasize you enough。

 It's ridiculous to care about rejection。 It's irrational， It's dumb。And if you。

 if you realize that logically， you may not feel emotionally， right。

 you can understand that logically。 but how it feels is a very different thing。

 But by going out for a period of time， that comes into alignment。 It's the same。

 remember like if you're a kid。 when I was a little kid， four years old。

 I was probably afraid to like go down to laundry room in the dark laundry room downstairs。

 At some point。 it maybe  four and a half。 I said， you know what。

 I know that there's no cookie monsters gonna jump out of laundry machine。 So I'm gonna go down here。

 And I'm just gonna go。 and I'm gonna do it。And eventually， by doing it。My sense of reality。

Caught up to that。So the idea that rejection doesn't matter。

While it may not be something that you emotionally feel for now， if you keep at it， I mean。

 unless you're dealing with some serious head issues here， if you keep at it as a man， your guys。

 you know， your men， you'll figure out。 Okay， Most of your relatives， I can assure you。

 whether you're British or Greek or Asian。 have fought in bloody， brutal wars。

 they have been shot and stabbed and had all sorts of terrible things happen。

 We're in this little sheltered little bubble here。 you're out， you know， talking to some chicks。

 maybe that aren't friendly。 that's about as bad as is gonna get。

 Okay So you come equipped to handle this。 you come equipped。 You're born with that。All right。

 so let's go into opening。Let's get into opening eyes。The open。

clarify some misconceptions about the open。Warm versus cold approaches。A lot of guys。

Believe that they need a warm approach。So when they see a girl that they want。

 they will try to establish eye contact。Prior to approaching。By the way。

 some of the guys who do that do have a lot of success。 Like I know。

 I've seen andmed guys that try to get eye contact first and have success。That's great， awesome。

 But I just got to speak from my own experience here。 It's absolutely unnecessary。

 There's no reason to wait for eye contact。😊，You know， it's just one more good thing， Sure。

 but when you're good。You're good。 It really doesn't matter because you're going go in there。

 You're gonna to go in， tap， tap on the shoulder。 You're in。

 You're gonna have a traction within 10 seconds， regardless。 You're gonna have a traction very， very。

 very quickly。So don't worry about scoping it out， waiting， you know， that kind of thing。

 because that's going to put you inside your head。 That's going to get you waiting for that reaction。

 Now， if you have eye contact。Awesome rate。 It's just that much more of a bonus。 But get my。

 my strongest recommendation， speaking from my own experience。

 speaking as a guy who probably could approach 100 women tonight and probably 99 of them would be fantastic interactions。

 regardless of where it went。😊，Just。Boom， you're there， that's it。

 You appeared like an ninja out of nowhere。One of the most common things I hear with girls that start dating is you just appeared out of nowhere。

 How does this even happen， You just appeared。 And that's right。 That's how it should be。

 You should just appear。 Boom， you're there。 Hello， I'm here。 What up， Okay。

 That's how it should go so。Don't worry about that now。

There's different kind of takes on how to work a club。 There's different ways of looking at it。

 One way of looking at it is like。You approach the girl that you want。 You stick on that girl。

For most of the night， and then hopefully you go to restaurant after and then ideal eat your house after。

 but you know， whatever。Another way of looking at that also very cool is actually to work the whole venue。

So that would be like， just talk to different people and then be on your way。 Boun around。

 Bouncing round is very cool。 I think a lot of guys who are used to sort of like just going in and doing the chatting。

 just chat， chat， chat， chat chat。 When you actually go to like the bo around paradigm。

 It's actually a lot of fun because when you bounce around all over the place。

 The girl gets that feeling that you really don't want anything from them and say that you talked like 2030 girls that night because you just bouncing。

 bouncing， bouncing， bouncing really fast。 at least five of them guaranteed willll approach you towards the end of night and strike up a conversation with you offer their numbers it's really fun。

 my buddy Craig was the first guy that turned me onto that and it's really cool。😊。

The the other side of it， though， is just， you know， go to the grill you want and stick on it。

 St right there， which is probably what I do a bit more commonly。 And that works well， too。

 You just stick on her grade。Now。This is one that a lot of guys are not comfortable with。

 so I kind I always exaggerate this just to really sink the point in。Okay。

This is my genius way of opening any girl。 Okay， it's brilliant。Okay， it just goes like this。

 If we can just get a thing going here。It's phenomenal， it's 100% consistent。You just go this。Watch。

Ready。Z go。Okay， all right， that's just not a very friendly girl right。Not a very attractive girl。

 Yeah， now walk。 I don't know。 Maybe okay， it's called。たら。That's it。 Watch again。 Okay。

 and I emphasize this point ridiculously because guys forget it。 You go。Like that， that's it。

 just boom。Okay， even this， if it's through a crowd， those who want to talk to your regret。

 I'll even lean through。Like that， okay， even if they're passing by， girls passing by。Like that。

 anywhere you go， okay？改哦。I unspable。 I unspable。 Okay， just go。 Okay， that's how you get it。

Simple as that just go in， boom like that just tap tap， not hard， by the way， not don't， okay。

 not scared。 Okay， just normal， normal， normal， Think operative word for learning pick， I guess。

 normal， okay。Tpped out like that。 immediately， when you do that。You get attention。

 you get attention quickly， very， very consistent。Tapppper。And you gotta say something。そ。嗯。

So you tap on the shoulder， never be afraid of that。You want to be when you're out in the club。

 you want to be in a sort of a state where you are just talking to whoever you want to talk to。

 You want to be in that talkative state。 So anyone you want to talk to， you just tap on the shoulder。

 You're good to go。Now， notice the next thing that I listed after this is establish dominis with eye contact and your voice。

 And I probably should have written body language there too。 But I mean。

 eye contacted voice is really the crucial thing。 when you tap the girl on the shoulder and you open。

 you open your mouth。 She's gonna be listening to your voice for like submissive， nervous。

 fearful tensions。 And she's also gonna be looking at your eye contact to see if your pupils are dilating in any kind of way showing that you're nervous。

 if you're not able to hold her eye contact。 If you're looking down。

 I remember when I was actually out of the club out of the club scene for a while。

 And I was with Tim， one of the RSD instructors。 and I had a really rough night。😊。

And I couldn't figure out why because I thought I was doing well。

 And Tim pointed out to me it was really interesting。 He said to me， dude。

 youre you're looking down in between your in between your sentences。 like I was sort of going。

 I was sort of going like I talk And then in between sense， I kind of looked down like that。

 And I was like， I was like， are you kidding。 He's like， no， I think you're doing it。 And I， I。

 and I modified it And I don't know if it's just， you know， luck or whatever。 but boom。

 problem solved。 And I was doing great。So， so probably that was it。So you want to have that。Now。

 of course， you know， the newbie mistake is to have like that burning almost like creepy guy on it。

 eye contact。Fri like that。 and of course。You know。

 a lot of this goes back to that that thing that I said earlier about ego defenseense mechanisms and also feeling as though you're not enough。

 And as if you have to somehow change your behavior very。

 very drastically in order to be the kind of guy that gets women。

 Learn how to get women is not about for most guys。 For most of you guys in here。

 learning to get women is not about changing your behavior drastically。

 it's just about those little tweaks that makes a difference。Cool being cool is。

's like a subtle kind of thing。 It's not， it's not like this huge difference。 Its。

's like these very subtle differences， but to get those subtle differences is harder than it seems。

If you guys can follow what I'm saying from that， to be a cool guy like the difference between a guy who gets girls and doesn't。

 a lot of the time， you could probably find two guys that look very similar。 They act pretty similar。

 The one guy who acts cool， he's got subtle little things。

 maybe he just got like a little sort of style about himself in the way that he dresses or jokes around。

 Maybe he he just can feel vibes well。 He just communicates in a very real way。

 isn't really worried about what people think about him。

 So he communicates very freely And that's cool。 first of the guy who doesn't have that。 you know。

 he's just a little bit worried about how people feel about him But just that little bit of worry is kind of holding him back。

 And to get past that。 It's just that little tweak that makes all the difference in the results that he's gonna。

 It's amazing how quickly these little tweets can make a huge difference。😊，So right when you open。

 you've got that good， that good eye contact， good voice。And know， when I say good voice。

One of the things that that people said about me is see， I wasn't born with a deep voice。 My voice。

 believe it or not is even deeper than it was a couple years ago right now。

 which is not very impressive， but。You know， I wasn't born with a deep voice。

And that's a shame at all。 But it doesn't affect me。 It's fine。 It doesn't matter。

 What the women are looking for in your voice is the way that it sort of resonates in your chest and sort of comes up in sort of。

 you know， in an expressive way， in a way that expresses certainty， confidence， fun， positivity。

 positivity is like huge。 That's really what they're looking for。 If you look at a group。

You look at a group of guys or a group of girls， whatever from across the room。

 you can often see that the alpha male of the group。

Has a voice that you can hear all the way from across the room。

But you can't hear anyone else's voices because they're moderating and lowering their voices in relation to him。

 It's a very interesting thing。 If you guys learn about voice。

 like if you really focus on it and when you go out， you look at the voices of guys that are cool。😊。

It would just be a tremendous education， so focus on that。Now， when you talk。Very important。

You do what's called the no way out rule。something wanted to be Mike J。

Who took a boot camp with Mike Jay in here， One of you guys in Australia。 You did。

 This is what This is what Mike Jay taught me。 It' something good that he really good mentality that he does。

 He calls it the no way out mentality。😊，And what that is。when he goes in there。

 there is just no way out of that conversation。There's no possibility。

We call that a word that I use for that is called plowing。

And what plowing means is that when you start talking。You just keep talking。Until something hits。

You just keep going until something works。 now let me tell you why。

What most guys will do is they're coming from a reactive friend。

 they're coming from a very reactive state of mind。 And when they。

 when they approach the girl and they open the conversation。

 they very much want for that conversation to go well。 and that's understandable。 That's。

 completely understandable。 But the thing is， this is a stranger。 You don't know this girl。

 and she doesn't know you。It's your job to convey your personality。Think of it like a goldfish bowl。

If you just keep talking。You're not even really expecting her to be responsive， you just talk。

It's like giving her the opportunity to look in at the goldfish and see what this goldfish is。

Without being required to do anything。So when you think about plowing， you might think， well。

 that's obnoxious because it kind of is。 But at the same time。It's such a power， when done properly。

 anything done wrong is always going to be obnoxious， even even things that are nice。

 But when done properly， what plowing is supposed to be is say that I start talking。

 and the girls are indifferent。And then maybe I move the conversation in some other direction。

And it's something that she's into。 You'll see it。 It's this amazing thing where you cross this kind of。

😊，It's kind of like' like a hook point。You know， this， my buddy。Neil， as an expression。

 calls it a hook point。And what happens is。It's like that point where when you cross it。

The girls want you to stay。More than they want you to leave。If you guys can kind of compute that。

 it's like that point where you know you're in。 It doesn't mean that you're in for sex。

 It doesn't mean that the girl you know， is gonna is gonna drag in the bathroom。

 It just means that that girl， youve， you've made her night more fun。 and she wants you to stay。

 And the way that you accomplish that is just by continuing to talk， say， you know。

 you've the conversation to music， puppy dogs you know， whatever it is。😊。

And and something hits that she likes。 And all of a sudden she wants you to stay。 And so that's。

 the mindset that you're in is you're in your own reality。

 You're talking about the stuff that you want to talk about。 You're enjoying your conversation。

 and you're not worried too， too much about her reaction。😊，And if you just plow through that。

 you'll be amazed。 get you'll get that reaction。 You'll get it eventually。 And when you do great。

 but you don't depend on it。You want to structure opportunities to help them talk。Whenever you can。

Just the point of being polite。One of the old ones that I used to have is I I say， hey guys。

Do girls think the rock star David Bowie is hot？I used to ask that。 say。

 because my younger sister has a poster of David Bowie up on her wall。You know， she's kind of young。

 right， That kind of doesn't make sense to me。 You know， does that make sense and。You know。

 I think some people who， who read about that， they interpreted that as， you know， well。

 you're having to come up with an excuse to talk to the girl。

You're having to come with some kind of excuse to start a conversation， but see。That's。

 that's just so far outside of my reality because I certainly don't need an excuse to talk to a woman。

The reason why I might say something like that is to give her the excuse to talk to me。

It's the same reason as when I say， you know， let's go up to my house。

 I might say I've got cool home videos there。 I'm giving her that reason that she needs to go up to the house。

 It's the same thing。 I'm sort of greasing the joints there or greasing the wheels。

 I'm trying to give her an opportunity to throw in any kind of opinion or anything to say。

 So whenever you can talk to a girl when you open。 if you can give her an opportunity to say something interesting。

 She's gonna love you for it because you gave you structured an opportunity for her to convey her personality to you。

 So you structure an opportunity for her to let her shine and she's gonna to appreciate you for that。

😊，Now， sometimes。When you do that。What girls will do。Is they'll take over。

They'll go conversationtyrant on your ass。 They will just take over。

 You've got to be careful about that， because。What sometimes will happen。

Is they'll basically start controlling the conversation on you。So they'll be like， yeah。

 I'll give you my opinion on that。 and they just start laying down the law on you。 And， of course。

 when you're new。You kind of like that because it means you have to talk。

You don't have to think of anything to say for another to 10 seconds。 So you're happy。

 It's like getting up on the wave for extra 10 seconds。 But what that really is。

 it's almost like surfing and getting up on the wave。

 But you know that you're tipping forward too much。

 But you're tipping yourself forward as a way to stay on。

 But you know this's gonna result in you falling off。 It's the same kind of thing。

 It's like when you approach girls。😊，Sometimes what will happen is you'll want to go in super high energy like。

 hey， guys， okay， like that。 and it works。 Work fantastic。 you go in like that。😊，Bang， it'll open。

But can't you sustain that。Can you sustain that energy level。It's like going in like a clown。

If you go in like a clown， you will get a great reaction。But you can't sustain that。 It will go away。

 So you're always wanting to moderate。the energy level of the interaction to something that's realistically sustainable。

 even on the telephone， even on the second time that you see her。 Because if you've got this crazy。

 intense vibe going in the club。😊，It will not be sustainable。

I remember when when I first came into this， when I first started learning some of the guys who I learned from would just do this intense stuff and blew me away。

 I was like， wow。And then I started to hang out with them more。

 And I realized they're getting flakked。 They are getting flakged left and right。

 They cannot get women to call them back because what happened was they generated this huge amount of attraction in the venue。

But when they go to go to call on the phone and they sound normal， the girl is like。

 it's like there's something out of alignment there。 And the girl just instinctively pulls away。

 So you want to go in at a slightly higher energy level than the girls or even at a lower energy level。

 but being so congruent with it that they will slow down for you。 But at the same time。

 like you want to have the good energy。 But at the same time。

 it has to be something that's sustainable throughout the course of the interaction。😊。

