# 18、RSD泰勒 《基础与高级游戏》：正宗社交力学 DVD 4【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

What do you guys do， Girl receipt seated。What do you think？

What do you think it says about you if the girls are completely comfortable and you're in a position where you're not comfortable。

 What do you think that says about you？Yeaht want too much。Let me give， let me talk kind of some。

Cookie， crazy stuff here。Girls have these interesting psychological kind of mechanisms in them。

They can tell that you you， you're extending yourself a little bit too far。

 that kind of lose attraction。 One thing youll notice when you start to get good。

 say that you're talking to a girl around sunset time。And the sun's behind your head。

 If the girl really likes you， she'll sit there like this to try to talk to you。

 She'll sit there like that。Because she's worried that if she tries to move somewhere more comfortable。

 you might walk off， so she'll go ahead and do that。You know， on the other hand， as a guy， you know。

 you probably don't want to do that so much。 One of the things that I noticed say that you go to meg on the beach。

 for example。And the girls lying down。 If you walk up and you kneel down like this。

How many seconds is that comfortable for what you say？two I'd say， you know。

 I would say it's comfortable for me for about 30 to 45 seconds， that was a rough estimate。Usually。

 if you kneel down， the girl will be into you， but it's usually after like that 45 second range。

Where you can actually sometimes see， know， not in all cases， but oftentimes。

 you can see that attraction。Going down。Because her subconscious mind is registering。

 you're putting yourself out， make yourself very uncomfortable in order to talk to her。

 And this isn't just about you having fun。 This is because you want to take some kind of value from her。

 you're leaning towards her too much and that will kind of wreck that sexual tension。

When you've got girls sitting down， ideally， you want to be sitting down with them so you can shoot the shit with those girls comfortably。

In order to do a seat a group。To talk to them。What you want to do is immediately look and see。

What the seating situation is before you go over， you want to look at that for a little bit just for about one second。

 basically， So you see， is there a chair there。If there is a chair there， that's great。

 if there's not a chair there。Not so great。What you might want to do。

 there's various different ways that you can handle it。 One of the ways that you can handle it。Is。

You can。You can do something kind of like。You know。Here， just turn this way for me a little bit。

 Again， I'm not frame controlling you。 I promise。 Okay， so just turn this way a bit， right， So。

 you know， hey， you know， very， very nice to meet you， right， Okay， well allright， hey， thanks。

 thanks， thank you very much。 Thank you。 Thank you。 that's an example。 Okay， then they'll be annoyed。

 So then you usually let them back down。 Okay， that's an example of a way。😊，It's pretty cocky。

Another way。I you look for a chair that's nearby。You want to see that。

Say that you see that there's a chair that's nearby。You go in and approach。

You approach and talk until they' kind of lit up。 It's very quick。 It should only take， you know。

 a couple seconds a minute at the absolute most。 They've kind of lit up there kind of into it say。

 you know what， I got to get out of here in a second。Grab the chair。Pull the chair back。Yeah。

 my friends are gonna kill me。 Just， you know， sit down， keep talking。

 What a lot of guys where a lot of guys will go wrong is when they sit down。

 they go from offering value by talking about cool stuff to taking value。

 And what that means is that they'll sit down and they'll go。 So what's up。Like。

 doesnt entertained me。 and oftentimes。You depending on how it's done。

You knowI prefer not to do that。 I would tend to prefer to sit down。

And then keep talking about whatever I was talking about。

It's funny because as long as you keep talking。Their logical minds are kind of shut off。

And they don't mind if you do that。Whereas if， if it kind of like in a break in the said there's like a break in the conversation。

 then you're just like。So sub like that then。You might not get such a positive reaction to that。

So what you want to do is like if you're talking， you know what。

 Ive got to get out of here in a minute。Grab the chair。Yeah， my friends didn't kill me。Anyway。

 like I was saying， sit down， keep talking。 It's very， very smooth。 It's a great。

 smooth way to get a seed。 Great way to do it now。Remember that at any point。

Did I give you guys that kind of suggestion。I don't want you to become limited by it。

One of the most common things that I see with like， you know， dating tips， especially like， you。

 dating tips for men， learning how to meet women is you get these tips。And they're meant to help you。

 but they wind up limiting you。Because then you get to a point where you think， oh， you know。

 if I don't do my， you know， my whole little routine type thing here， then I can't just sit down。

 Look， oftentimes， guys， you could just sit down。 You could just do it whatever。

 especially if you're a confident guy， not need is very obvious to the girls is fine。

 But these kinds of things can help you to sort of grease the wheels a little bit。 you know。

 make it a little bit smoother for you。 So think about that。

 Let's say that you approach the girls and it's a little bit of a rough landing。

Sometimes when you do an open， it's almost like an airplane in a rough landing。 like， you know。

 you land like like that because youre trying to do， you're trying to stabilize that conversation。

 So sometimes you might open the conversation。And the girls are just。You know， kind of uncool。

 that just sort of， it just doesn't work out so well。Sometimes the girls will lock up when a girl。

 when a girl locks up， what that means is you can see her just kind of freeze up。

 you can see she's not comfortable。 You can observe that。 You start talking， you know。

 you start the conversation。 The girls kind of。Just kind of locks up。She's become uncomfortable。

If I see that。Oftentimes， I will。Back off of it。Okay， I'll actually， I'll actually do that。

 Like if I see the girls like like that because I screwed up。

 I just did something obnoxious accident， whatever it was， I'll just。As I keep talking。

 just give a little bit of space， you approach in。 if you see that the girl is not comfortable with your presence。

 it's almost like know， like a cat， right， just back off a bit。As you keep talking。

Then says something funny。Now you're back in。Whenever you say something funny。

 you can sort of escalate a bit little bit because as long as she's laughing， it's okay。

 you guys will find that。 You will， you'll learn to calibrate that when you're out。

 You'll pick this stuff up naturally。😊，And you'll probably hear this later。 And then you go， oh。

 yeah， that makes sense。 What you'll find is that。Whenever they're laughing。

You can just do just about anything。But if they're not laughing and you do something that， you know。

 makes them uncomfortable， they kind of lock up。 So that's what you'll find。 The problem with that。

 of course， is you can sometimes get into a rut where you're always trying to keep them laughing。

 You turn into Dan Mon man。 So you got to be careful that。 too。

 It has to become just sort of a part of your personality。😊，To break out the humor。

 just a part of who you are。 Here's another tough one that guys get caught up in。

A lot of the time they'll open the conversation。And they might be somewhere that's very trafficked。

So say that you stop a girl in a place where there's a lot of traffic going by， people traffic。

What's happening in your conversation， You're both getting bumped around。 It's going like that。

 I that can you work in that environment。You can't work in that。 Its， it's ridiculous。

 You can open in that。Hook quickly， know， make yourself send out from other guys quickly。

 some kind of humor， whatever it is。 We'll get to that。 H quickly。

 and then you've got to quickly move her somewhere that you can work。A great place， Just a wall。

 Just leaning against the wall like that。 Both of you are leaning against the wall。 Great。

 It's out of the way。 A chair， both seated， great， even somewhere that you're both standinging。

 but that's clear。 So you're not getting bumped around。 That's great， too。 But ultimately。

 you have to be able to work。 So how do you do that。 Remember， we talked about you know。

 crossing that point where she wants you to stay。 You open the conversation。

 says something funny or quirky quickly。 She's into。 He said， you know what， here。 Come in。😊。

Like that。 Not how I just did that， by the way， I didn't say。Would you like to stand over there？

I'm not likely to say that it's， it's almost like hypnotism in a way come like that。

 It's just like a command。 Theyre just okay。And that that's how you do it。

 That's how you always want to lead a situation。 Just， you know， just just。You know。

 just like an air traffic controller， right like that。 That's how you want to do just。Like that。

 That's it。 Okay， simple。 Don't ask for permission。 Le， lead， lead， lead。

 You are supposed to be leading from open to close， Always leading。 Sometimes a girl will chase you。

 great。 But anytime that's not the case you must be leading。Get somewhere that you can work。

 That's the only way that you're ever going to get anywhere。Otherwise， it's just。

 you know just another approach， learning experience， but ultimately waste your time。Now。

 how about when you're talking to a girl and her friend comes， we discussed this earlier。

 What happens when you're talking to a girl and her friend comes。与章何一。What's that。

 you're not leaving， she's like engaged somewhere else in。Well， that's true。

 But if you think about it， she has to talk to her friend。

 She has to talk to a friend when you're talking to a girl。

You's sitting there talking to her and her friends come in what she's going to do。

 most likely is she's going to goh。Sup hug， all emotional。 And then you， you're just sitting there。

 What's happening to your value， What's happening to your status。

 If you're just sitting there while she talks to a friend， it's going down。 Okay， so generally。

 if I'm talking to a girl， if I see out of my sort of peripheral vision。

 there's some other girl like a super big smile like this kind of walking at her， okay。

The first thing that I'm going to do is immediately， I'm going to turn off that girl。

And I'm going to pull her in to that conversation quickly。 So I'm going to do that immediately。For。

 you know， I talked about the Damon Bowie thing， right。You know。

 cheap little quick conversation starter。 The fact that it sucks is what's good about it。 If you。

 if your conversation starter is too good， it sounds rehearsed and can't。 If it's just kind of loose。

 just whatever， it's just a conversation。 It's great。 So my。

 like my preference in any like opening line or any kind of line。

 My preference behind lines is actually that it's not that good because then then it's normal。

 So say that you have a situation where。You know， you know， the girls coming in。

 you can see that immediately pull her in， start that conversation with her， get her engaged quickly。

 Now you've got them both here。 So nows now's fantastic。

 You've got that situation that you want where you're engaging them both。

 So then I can start hugging each other and jumping around we're off the dance floor and they're out of there。

 and you're just okay， next rent。 So you want to avoid that。 Now。

 if she does go and start hugging your friend。😊，You still want to try and get in there quickly。

 or you want to turn around and talk to somebody else。You know， I got to reiterate again。

 a lot of these sort of moves and countermo movess and whatnot can get you in a very reactive mindset because you always feel like you need to be doing something。

 It's not that you need to do this stuff。 I'm sure I've had tried plenty of successes when I didn't do this stuff。

 but understand that。Most of the time when you're standing there。

 it is a sign that you're wanting something and it can come across the wrong way。 So， hey。

 if if it really didn't affect you and it didn't really affect you in any way that she want to talk to a friend and you just want to stand there。

 you can do that。 And if and if she senses that， that's fine。 But if she。

 if she gets the impression by you just standing there waiting。

That you have somehow lowerreed yourself。 And she has that impression。

 You have to use your own judgment and your own social intelligence to decide that。

 But if she has that impression， it's not good。 So that's what I'm talking about right there。Now。

 say that you have an interrupted approach or a loss approach。An example of that would be like。

 say that a fight breaks out。Say that， you know， someone throws up， you know。

 these kind of silly things that can happen to say that the the traffic just pushes you apart。

Try to follow me here。Say that you're having the conversation。It pushes you apart。

And then you walk right back up to it reinitiate on the same conversational thread。

This is kind of interesting。What that act is kind of trippy。

 What that's gonna communicate to her is that you want that conversation very badly and that while you were separated for like。

 you know，30 seconds or whatever， you were like， I want to get my point out。

 I want to get my point out。 And then you went back up to because you want to get that point out。

So she's gonna to feel that， especially if it's true that that's that's what you want。 So generally。

 if we get split， if I'm doing an approach， if I open， and then we get split apart。

 I'm not gonna to go back in with that exact same thing。

 I'll probably just go in and talk about something else。

Another thing that I'll do a lot of time is I'll do playful stuff， Like， I'll reengage with。

 I hate you or you and I would not get along。 Those are two that I'll often reengage with。

If you reengage with， I hate you， bear mind this is playful。 It's not scary。Depends on how you do it。

When you reeng， I hate you。 She why， because girls cannot take that。 They want everyone to love them。

 So as soon as you say that， they're curious。 what's going on。 say， I hate you。 say。You know。

 my my little sister has the exact same shoes as those。

 And I had to shop with her for them for like three hours。 Did you get the last pair。

You got the last pair didn't you。 And， no， I didn't。

 which doesn't make sense because she doesn't know that。 I was saying， no， I didn't。 And then。Now。

 you're reengage。 Okay， the point is， reengage with something kind of off of what it was previously。

 Its just a good general rule of thumb。 Also， you know， again， find out what works for you。

 This is something that works really well for me。 Find out what works for you。

 If it doesn't work for you。 don't use it， don't feel any need to use anything that doesn't work for you。

 If you've tested it。Now within the group。You want to know what the relationship is。

 You want to know what's going on。So at some point， you probably want to say， how did you guys meet。

How did you guys meet each other。You can find that out quickly if you're talking to a guy and a girl。

That could be her brother。You don't know that。You have no idea。 So you want to find out quickly。

 Now how about getting alone time with the girl。On an approach。You could have。

Say that you had a group of six people。If you talk to your girl and there's a group of six people。

They're going to be usually fine with that。 They're okay with that。 They're cool with it。Why。

Because they've got five people to keep their conversation going。

How about if you just approach two girls and you just talk to the one girl？

That's a different situation。If you approach two girls and you just hog all the attention of the one girl。

 the other friend is going to get bored， frustrated and probably want to get out of there。

How do you handle that， talk to both girls， talk to them both equally。Tse the one who you like。

 So you have more sexual tension going out there， more of a plot line。 You can escalate from there。

 That's great。It just depends on the situation。I'm not a big fan of holding the entire group's attention。

 I I find that a lot of work myself。 But if that's gonna make the difference between them pulling the girl away or not。

 then I'll do it。 So that is how I'm always gauging it。 I'm kind of like， I'm kind of a mix。

 If I see that if I see that I need to hold that whole group， I'll do it。 But if I don't need to。

 I'm minimizing it as quickly as possible。 because I'm gonna get that same attraction just by talking to that girl。

 So you guys always have to be managing that。 If you're seeing that this group is gonna cause you a problem that the friends are gonna cause a problem。

 You want to talk to them， Jo with them。Shoot the shit with them。

 And then that girl's gonna be seeing me doing that。

 She's gonna find out more about you while you're doing that。 On the other hand。

 a lot of guys get too focused on that。 And they wind up working this whole group while the girls are sitting there and they could be talking to her and they could be building that connection with her It it' complete waste of time。

 So you want， you want to basically look at the sort of different philosophies of how to handle that and calibrate to the situation。

 Don't be confined by rules。 Never let a rule confine you。 Learn from the rule benefit from it。

 but don't let it confine your behavior。I get a lot of situations where you're walking into a group that has a lot of guys。

 a lot of girls。 So opening in with a girl sort of。

Usually gets a fuzzy response how do you open you tell me what fuzzy responses are you'd get other guys trying to be protective right away or she'd feel uncomfortable you could tell she's feeling uncomfortable that she's being the only one sort of。

诶。You know， being it's obvious that you're trying to pull her away from the group and that's the tension that's immediately there Yeah what that comes down to is just you have to look at the situation and play it accordingly right if I don't like those guys。

I might just clown them。You see， there's no need。To befriend them。You don't have to。But。

Why not befri them。 They can be cool。Maybe they could be friends of yours。 Eventually。

 you see what I'm saying。 So you just go， look， if I like， if I want， I'm not gonna。

 I'm not the kind of guy to sit there talking to someone I don't want to talk to。 Okay。

 I'm not gonna to sit there and indulge some guy that I don't like if， if I'm just not interested。

Especially in clubs when guys show a bad side of their personality。 So for me， it's about like。

I just do what I feel， You know， if I see that， you know， if I see， I just do my social intelligence。

 if the， if the situation is such that。It would be just a better vibe for everyone if we all just got to know each other。

 we'll do that。If the guy's just being a dick。I'll play that， too。 That's great。 That is fine。

 And I'll play that。 So I'll， you know， I just go with the flow。 You know what， I mean， I just。

 I just do I mean， my philosophy is do what you， if you do what you feel and you come from a position of realness。

 you'll get a great result。 That's always how you're gonna get your best result because it's gonna be a lot more power behind that than than like a chess move。

😊，Approaching girls to the bar。That's a 21。 Say that you've got two girls。Set up against the bar。

 They're back like that。The way that'll approach those two girls。I'll go in。

 because a couple ways to do it。One way that you can do it。

 but you got to know what you're doing is just go in。

 take the shoulders and just pull them out like that。Boom， that's one way to do it。

 Another way to do it is get those sort of a wedge beside them。 tapap， tap as soon as they turn。

Do this。And they'll just kind of draw around or do this。Now， when I， if I。

 if I go to pull their shoulders like that， what I， what I'll usually do is I'll just tap， tap。

 tap like that。 Like I'll just go tap， tap， tap， tap， like。

 kind of draw them out because if they feel like there's some kind of force that they're uncomfortable with being used on them。

 then immediately they're gonna lock up。 So you kind just， you kind just going， hey， guys。Throughout。

 done girls on the move。Like I said， if a girl's on the move， if I see her going through the club。

 hey， like that。Immediately， okay， you just go， you do it quick， you do it thoughtlessly。

 you do it in the moment。😡，A lot of the time if a girl is walking by me。

What I might do like if she's walking towards me。Is when I go to， when I go to open。I'll open。

 I'll open the conversation。But I'll keep my feet planted。This is kind of an interesting one。

As the girls walk by and you open。They're going to be looking to see if you're gonna follow them。

 They're going to be looking to see if you're gonna kind of weird them out by sort of chasing them down。

 If you just keep your feet planted and you keep talking as they go by and you just keep talking。

 We call that plowing。 You keep talking。 you'll find that they'll sort of stop and they go。Okay。

 let'll come back。 let's come right back to you。 They'll talk to you because they see that you're safe。

Again， don't be confined by the rules。 I don't always do that。 Don't be confined by it。

 Be empowered by by understanding how it works。 Don't be confined by it， so。

With your feet not moving when they're moving by， they can see that you're in your own reality。

 You're safe。 You're probably cool guy。 They'll come right back as they do that as you keep talking。

 I remember one girl who I dated for about three months。😊，She walked by。

 and she walked about 20 feet as I yelled， my opener just kept yelling and yelling and yelling。

 And she kept looking back like， who is this guy。Who is this guy？ And eventually， she just and she。

 She actually shoved her friend off because her friend didn't want her to come back and she like jogged back。

 And， yeah， we dated for like， you know， three months。 We live in a different city。

 So we would have gone out for longer。 But yeah， that's what happened so。Yeah， I think。

Keep that in mind。 You know， the way that you approach， it's like a cat。You don't want to go into。

 You don't want to be like that because they're gonna feel that。 They're going to withdraw。

 So you want to be talking， you see that comfort level。 And that's as you progress forward。

 You guys learn。You get the context behind us when you go out， when you go out。

 then you review what was said， you get the context behind it。

 That's the only way that you're going to get that context。

How about when you approach a girl who's alone and who wants to find her friends。

That's another example。 You'll approach the girl alone， and she's looking for her friends。

You're probably not going to win that one。Sometimes you will， but a lot of the time you won't。

 You approach the girl alone who looking for her friends。 You talk to her。And she says。

 I need to find my friends to say， okayk。Here。You go help her find her friends When you find her friends。

 talk to the friends to get everyone going good。 These are these quick。

 quick responses that you guys have because you could be talking to a girl and she needs to find her friends bad and she loves you。

 She thinks you're awesome。 But she's still gonna want to go and find her friends。

 But if you respond quickly by offering a help her to go find her friends here， let's go。 find them。

😊，Take the lead。 Now you're with her。 And then when you find her friends， they'll probably love you。

 too。 So that's fantastic。😊，Mix groups， Gu girl groups。

 This is one that most guys do not realize is one of the easiest ways to meet women。

 approaching a guy girl group， even one guy and one girl。Can be a great approach。

 It could be her brother。 It could be。 It could be her gay best friend。 You don't know who that is。

When you approach。The guy。You want to talk to him， especially if it's just a guy and a girl。

You talk to him。 The girl will keep trying to get in the conversation。

Keep talking the guy shall'll work harder and harder to get into that conversation。

 You can tease her go， whoa， hold up。Hold up。Talk to the guy。Keep doing that。

 She'll want in that conversation so bad。 She'll be poking you， trying to get your attention。

 and you go， all right cool， okay。Go ahead。What is it。That's that move that you can make very simple。

 A lot of， you know， I think on workshops on boot camps。

 So one of the things that guys are so surprised by， Like， I was doing a boot camp last weekend。

 And there was a group of like stock investors。And I told him to open。 He's like， but I couldn't。

 There's guys and girlss there。I couldn't believe it， but I remembered I used to be the same way。

 I was too afraid to approach any guy or girl that were together。 I said， look， man。

 they're having a fun night。 You're just chatting。Ask them a question。 They were into it。

 We're chatting。 Everyone had a fantastic time， made their night fantastic。 made it great。

 Think of it like that。 Don't be afraid to talk to anybody in that venue。

 Don't be afraid to talk to anyone。 You can open conversations with anyone， anywhere。😊。

Anytime because that is who you are。 So get used to it and get that habit going。

So we've discussed how to open。You guys will have to review your notes later。

I basically discuss every possibility of how you could open there。

 you don't need to memorize all of them。It's a lot of information you can look it back over。For now。

You just want to remember the basic parts of it， Just the basic stuff。

 You don't need to worry too too much about all the complexities of it。 Got your notes there。

 Look it back over。For the most part， what you guys need to know about how to open is just tap the girl on the shoulder and talk and keep talking until it hooks。

That's what it comes down to。 If You just keep on talking until it hooks。

 And that leads us to our next segment。Which is the hook。

The purpose of hooking is to make yourself stand out from the other guys as quickly as possible。

The girls are being approached by guys all the time。Its the sooner that you stand out， the better。

How do you hook？You offer some kind of value to the night。

You offer some kind of good thing that you know， gives them a good experience to their night。

Maybe you make a comment about them。 It's funny。Maybe you tell them a story。

 Maybe you use some kind of humor， whatever it is。You want to differentiate yourself from all the other guys who are going。

 What's your name， Where are you from， What do you do and doing the resume style question。

 This is probably。One of the big。Issues with guys first learning to approach。Is they go。

 let's bang off each other's resume。 It's like a resume exchange。 There's no fun in it。

 there's no spark。 there's no playfulness。 You want to add in that playfulness。

 and that is what the hook is about。 That is what hooking is。Being playful。

 separating yourself from the legions of other guys。When you're being playful。

 like say that you're telling a story。Say that you're showing them something interesting。

When you're doing that， you're doing it for your own amusement。It's for you。

When you're getting her reacting to you， you're doing it for fun。You've got to watch that frame。

 So many guys will get stuck in that dancing monkey。

 I'm trying to impress the girl with entertainment frame。 It's a terrible frame to get stuck in。

 It will kill attraction。 It will not go anywhere。 The way that you can tell。

 You know how you can tell if you're stuck in a dancing monkey frame。

Because as soon as the entertainment runs out， they walk off。That's how you know。You've become。

 you're not。Interesting， you're entertaining。You're not attractive。You're just entertaining。

And that's a good starting point。 You know， if you， look。

 if you guys can go out tonight and just entertain 10 women and have that go well。

 that could hugely build your confidence。 That's a good starting point。 But at some point。

 you need to look at where you're giving your power away。

 where the leaks are and where you're giving away your power and sort of plug them。

 And that's where that comes in so。Let's talk about some ways that you can hope quickly。Hooking fast。

 distinguish， distinguish yourself， Make yourself stand out from other guys。

First one that comes to me to mind for me is cold reading。

If you guys don't know what cold reading is。Try to find some source on it。 It's interesting stuff。

 Women are really into it。It's funny because women usually don't remember our conversations。

But if you hit them with a good cold read， they'll almost always remember that。

What a coldder read is is a generic observation that you can make about somebody that applies to almost all people。

So for example， to a shy girl。You might say。You know， you know， you're， you know， you're very。

You're very introverted。And probably some people misinterpret that and think maybe you're bitchy。

But I think that you're the kind of person that just likes to hold back and see what you can learn from people。

Before imposing your personality onto them。That's an example of a cold read。 A cold read is like。

It's like saying， you guys are very feisty。 You guys are bad。 You guys are crazy。

 You guys are the most evil girls in this entire place。That's like playful coldries。 Those。

 those are actually probably superior right off of the opener。

 The other 1 I said is probably more later on， so。A cold read is anything where you make a comment about them。

The guess of laughing。When you guys learn about cold reading。

 you actually might find it somewhat addictive。Because girls will laugh and giggle hysterically at any coldery that you give them。

 And so。I don't know。 There's just something about that。 Don't get too hung up on it。

 Cold reading something that's supposed to be the pepper on the steak。 It's not the steak itself。

Teaching them something of interest。That's a phenomenal one。

Whenever you can just immediately teach them something。See， guys will come in。

 They'll go in and immediately start trying to ask questions。But when you can teach them something。

Bang， you have a hook right there。You have it immediately。You know， like， if you say。

If you said to a girl。You know， you have。A good girl face。But every so often。

You make like a little bad girl mannerism。And is teaching her something about herself。

 what does that mean about her， right？ You could say what qualities is about her， what that means。

Anything that you can show her。You know， you have a ring on your finger， on this finger。You know。

 that means that you're very feisty。 Why anything that you could show her about her personality right away。

You've got traction right there。Anything that you can teach to her， is' great。Another one。

 future adventureventous projections。This is an interesting little humor format that I sort of figured out。

Whenever you can talk about some kind of made up scenario with you and that girl where you're kind of cool and she's kind of like dorky and Brady。

She will laugh at that。 So say that you say to a girl， you know what， if I didn't have to go。

 I would adopt you。You could be my new little sister。

I could wrap you up in little bulb wrap envelope。And I pack you my suitcase。

And I bring you back to LA with me。We， we would roll down the street like， you'd be on this arm。

 You'd be on this arm。Every girl will be jealous of you。

That's the example of future adventuredventurous projection。 You know， I would。You would。

 we could go to Greece。And where togas。You can sell lemonade。You'd be goodhuh。You sell lemonade。

 I can see that。 You're feisty。 Okay， Anything going in that direction。 future dements projection。

 you know， you going to Vegas with her， marrying her， taking her half her money。

 anything that's an old David D1， anything like that。😊，Is great。

 Anything where you talk about you and her together in some dorky scenario。 Now， see。

 sometimes I teach this。😊，Like， you know， one guy tied this to it， you know， And he's like。

 he's like， okay。 I' like， I'm like here， you know，' on boot camp。 I said， O， give me an example。

 He's like， O。I'll say were。Me and you will go to Miami。And I'll get a nice hotel。

 and we can stay in it。Right。And that's not a future of， okay。That's supplication。 Okay， that's not。

 that's， that's like。That's not cool。 So it's supposed to be in some dorky situation。

 It's supposed to be silly， funny。Another great one is conspiracies。 Conspiracies are awesome。😊。

Awesome。Whenever you can create a conspiracy with you and that girl。

 you're creating a shared reality。 She's gonna love that。

 Sa that you say that you walk around the club and tell people that you just got married。😊。

She's gonna get so into it。 She's gonna start giving the details of it。 She's gonna to play with it。

 say that you walk around the club saying that your brother and sister， you know， do we look alike。

 Yeah， our mom was like this， Our dad did this to us， Anything like that， any kind of conspiracy。

Even like tricking people together， whatever it is。

 whatever kind of game that you can think of that you can play is great。Next one。

 busting them on their mannerisms。 That one is awesome。😊，Girls， like guys。

Girls have certain mannerisms。That they do unconsciously。Without thinking about it。

 And when you tease them on it， it will drive them nuts。 So， for example， say you say， hey。你认文。

You guys are grow coding each other。They'll say what does that mean you say， you know what。

 every time you guys go to talk， you look at each other first。

That's a mannerism that women have is to look at each other。 So if you say。

You guys are girl coding every time you guys are go to talk， you look at each other。

 What's the first thing they're going to do。They're going look at each other。 That's right。

 And when they look at each other， they can start laughing hysterically。

 And then what do they do when they start laughing hysterically， They look at each other again。

 So you'll see that So they' do， they'll look and laugh。 and then they'll go， like that。

 And they'll look back。 and theyll go。😊，Like that。 totally just blows them away。 You know。

 even if even when you。You know， if they touch you。And you're like。Like that。

 the reason why women touch you。Is to apologize， have you guys ever seen that？

Women will always touch you as a way of pumping your state。 They do it all the time。

So if a woman tries to touch you， you apologize and you go。Like that。Then to apologize。

 she'll try to test you again。And it'll totally。You know， flip her out because she's done it twice。

 right this is like that playful thing， you know， or you can even take in the opposite direction like。

 let me go。Like that like as if taking it more than it is and just like， no， no。

 it doesn't mean right。 And it's all that it's like that playing with them， just constantly teasing。

 playing with them。Push pull， Push pull is old school concept。That we use in this kind of thing。

Push pull is， like， saying。You know， you're either one of the coolest girls I've ever met。

Were like a total weirdo。That's push pull is when you give that compliment。Like you say， you know。

 you， you're amazing。You're kind of a brat。You know， it's。

 it's like that compliment with that little tease after it that allows you to complement them。

It allows you to say something good about them without giving your power away。

I think a lot of the time when guys learn pushpo， though。

They get so caught up in any time I compliment。 I have to do a little tease after that they can never give a genuine compliment。

 I think that sucks。 I think you should be able to give a genuine compliment too and not have to have to push pull it。

 know， not have to calibrate it。 But point is yeah， push pull is great。 I mean。

 anytime that you what you're basically doing is you're giving the validation。 pulling it away。

 That's the formula。 I'm giving you the validation。 I'm pulling it away。 It's kind like I'm aump。

 just do whatever every other guy's doing。 you go， no， I'm not。

 That's what it is's like I'm just like every other dude trying to like put you on a pedestal。

 compliment。 no， I'm not。 So it's's like're playing， playing， playing。 And you'll be amazed because。

😊，This is kind of like what we call girl humor。It's a girl's humor。

 When you see a guy doing push pull on a girl that you're with and she's laughing hysterically。

 you won't see the humor in it。 It's like， what is， What's so funny about It's not even funny。

 She's laughing because her state's getting pumped， right， She's getting， she's getting。😊。

She's getting her validation sort of pushed back and forth。

 And it's just driving your nuts because it's like， who's doing this。

 It makes you totally unpredictable。 It makes you fun。 It makes you stand out， right。

 It's just about making that girl making making yourself more unpredictable。

 less boring than the average guy to make that girl have so much fun with you。

 She just dying to be around you。 She just can't get enough。😊，Allright。

 the elastic band snap back effect。 This was something that I realized a while back。

Very weird phenomenon。 goes back to that validation thing。This will。

 this will trip you out a bit when you see it。If you say to a girl。Are you drunk？Are you drunk？

What's the first thing she's gonna say？ No， I'm not。 even though she is， right， Sa that you say。

 is that your friend。Is that your friend。Okay， right？He's not my friend， even if it is。

 they'll always say that。 if you say， you know what。I hate you。I know， you're evil。

You are the root of all evil， I hate you。Immediately， no， I want you to love me。

 Tell me what I can do。 Tell me what to do to make you like me。 I've had drunk girl say that to me。

 You know， I think drunk， You w know why I think a drunk girl says。

 tell me what I can do to make you like me。 I think sober girls think that。

 But the drunk girls are just the ones to say it。😊，I think the girls think that。

Sa want that approval。 That's the elastic advanced Sback effect。 It's like saying。

 if you kiss a girl and she gives you like a weak kiss， you， you say， you know， I don't want to。

 you know， I don't want to go over the line or anything。But I just want to tell you like。You know。

 you're not like。A really good kisser。And should be like。我是。Like that， yes， I am。

 I'll prove it to you。 You know， that's the same thing。It's like if you say to a girl。You know。

 you tell a girl。You know。Are you a good dancer？I bet you you can't dance。 Cant you。 Yes， I can。 Bo。

 Any kind of little challenge that you wish you like that， they will come back at these little。

 funny little challenges that you throw at them。And they'll bring it back。Again。

 this is a lot like those coldreads， like a playful cold reading where it's so automatic that you can become hooked on it。

 And guys wind up doing this constantly nonstop， and they want up becoming monkeys。😊。

That's not what this is about。 It has nothing to do with that。All right， disqualification。

Whenever you disqualify yourself， it's funny to watch how girls will respond to that。

Anytime that you do。Just literally disqualify yourself。From being a possible boyfriend。SheSay。

 you know， you know what I'm a bad man。 I'm evil。No， you're not。 You're not evil。

 And then they'll come back like that。 Any time that you disqualify yourself， girls will chase。

 It's an immediate thing。Qualifying and challenging。You know。Are you fun？You know， you're not fun。

 are you， I can I only hang out with people that are fun immediately jumps through your hoop。 Yes。

 I'm fun。 What's she doing。 She's qualifying herself to you， great。😊，Pimp talk。You're talking sexy。

 but you're saying something retarded。Is a basic formula， right， That's the basic formula。

 Anytime you cross things up， you make it silly， you hit that humor point。Silly games。

Let me show you an example of the silly game that Popa made up。That。When he showed it to me。

 I thought it was ridiculous。Works every time and it's awesome。Okay。All right， check it out， okay。

 you're set up。Okay。Okay， we got， we got a videota here。 Okay， do you know， do you know the。

 the L A handshake。 No， No， okay， al right， put your hand back like this。 Okay， and go this。 Okay。

 not too hard。 Okay， alright， good。 Okay， don't be messing with me。 Alright， Go this。 Okay， good。

 go that。😊，Like that。Like that， snap。Good， okay， snap it。Okay， awesome， okay， here do it again。

Okay don't try and lead。See you and I wouldn't get along。 you know why。Because I'd be trying to lead。

And you'd be trying to lead。All right， so let' go。 good， good， good。Excellent， al right， here。

 This is the New York hand'tshake。 It's a bit simpler， so it might be more your speed。 Okay。

 All right， go like this。😊，Like that。Like that。And like that awesome。 Okay， once more。 Okay， Oh， oh。

 you got it good job。 Okay， that。 Okay， I'll do one last one。 Okay， All right。

 here go like this by that。 Okay， like that。😊，系 that。I don't know what that is。

 some' drunk girl will show me that and I liked it。That's where we go， all right。Now。

 if you guys look at what I'm doing on that， what I'm you see how like the giggling right。

 That's because I'm looking at you right in the eye and you feel the pressure is like what's this guy doing。

 That's from that pupil dillation thing I'm talking about。 Okay， so I'm going in like that。

 And I'm saying to you， don't take over。 I'm saying， put your hand back。

 You see what I'm communicating here。 What I'm communicating。 What's here， put your hand back。

 I'm communicating like that leadership quality。 like moving her around。' like here， come here。

 come over here。 When you do that to the girl， You're leading her around。

 She goes almost into like little girl mode。 And she feels like protected by you。

 She's being LED by you。 And that's what will generate traction for you。😊，So， you know。

 you show her the silly handshake stuff。 It's just silly。 It just gets her outside of her head。

 It just gets her， you know， having fun。 You know， another one， old school。

 Here's the old school one。 Remember this。😊，Oh啊 you do remember that呢？Gotcha here， here。

'll let you have me。 Let's see you give me。 I'm not that good it。 Oh， pain。 Okay， so see。

 that's that same thing。 You know another good one。😊，Here's a good one。Cracking out the old school。

One， two， three， four， I declare a thumb war， okay ready？D dude， dude。Victory got it。 I win。 Okay。

 anything， okay， anything to just drive us。 Any that silly stuff。It's great。

You can do that right off the opener。You get a hook quickly。Get them laughing。Most guys。

 if they hear this stuff， they're like， they're like， that's stupid。

That's stupid because they think that they've got to be。 Look at the guys in the club。Look at them。

They're weak。 They they think they're Jays bond。 They go through the couple like like all kind of sad looking。

Every guy is doing that。 The reason why they're going through looking all serious is because they want to be they want to put themselves above all the other guys。

 But every other guy is doing that。To be the cool guy in the club， be the guy that's having fun。

 be the guy that doesn't give a shit。 be the guy that's having the time of his life。

 That's how you'll be the cool guy in the club。 just having fun being silly。

 doing whatever you feel like， just going on impulse， just like what the girls are doing。

 That is how you'll be the cool guy in the club。 Just Have a great time。😊，Okay。

 imitating the girls or other people， imitate them。 Great。 anytime you can imitate their accents。

 anything about them。 F。 Why is that， Because as soon as you start imitating that girl。

 She knows that you're not under control。 She knows she cannot control you if you're imitating。

 And if you start imitating other people， She'll stop that's horrible。 So you guys see how you open。

 opening is simple guys， go， hey， what do you guys drinking。 Hey， how's your night going， Hey guys。

 I need an opinion， know， do girls think the rock star David Bowie is hot。 Hey， you know what。

 you guys are so adorable。 I had to come over here and meet you。 Any of these kinds of thing。

 opinion， you know。 you want to over meet them。 There's something silly about them。

 You want to over meet them， find out what's going on。 whatever it is。

 as long as youre confident congruent with it and you plow through until you get that reaction。

 It's all the same stuff。 Any guy who tells you that one opener is better than another opener is nuts。

 You know how you know how you have like guys be like what's the best Hey， whenever I do media。

 What's your pickup line。 What's the best pickup line， guys are so obsessed with pickup lines。

 You're pick。😊，is the last thing that's on your mind。 What's on your mind is your eye contact。

 your voice， your humor， your positive state。 That's what matters。 You should be able to go with。

That doesn't matter anything to open。 Just open。 Go in。 Don't think open。 So go in， you open。

 you're in。 good plow through， you're in that conversation。 Now you hook， do something silly。 thumbs。

 Whatever you want to do， now you've got that。 The next thing that you want to do。 And again。

 you don't really have to stick to this order。 So don't worry about it is have some kind of touching going。

 Okay， now， when I say that， I almost feel like the creepy man because like get the touching going It's not like that。

 it's just a natural part of interaction as a physical person that there's some kind of touching going。

The first thing that you guys need to understand is the word pinging。

 Pinging is the kind of communication that women use。

 like a sort of touch communication that they use with each other and they use with guys。So。

 for example。If you touch a girl。If you， you know， if you say。You go up to a girl and she likes you。

And you're like。Like that， what's she going to do back？嗯嗯。You can hit me。 So's okay， good。 Allright。

 okay， they'll hit back。 That's called pinging。 Okay， if you poker what she can do back。Exactly。

 okay， that's pain。 That's back and forth。 The girls were always doing that。

 I remember once I was at a store， and I poked a girl。😊，And she actually didn't see it coming。

 She was like， like that。 And then she realized she missed the ping， and she went。

Like that like make up for her miss ping。 That's， thats， that's pinging。

 The girls are always pinging。 So you can always get that kind of like that shoulder bump with the girl。

 She bumps you back。 very playful， very fun。 It's just that， you know， that fun stuff。

 That's pinging。 understandstand how that stuff works。 Also。

 don't be the last one to want more pings。 Okay， don't be the last guy trying， you know。

 trying to get those pings， Like， like， you know， you touch her。 She touches you then you're like。

 I like who feels good。 Then you're trying to get more。 All right， just not on the。 Yeah， and not。😊。

Yeah， not the breast， so。That's pinging。 Okay， another great one。 This is awesome。 awesome。

 Get what I'm gonna to teach you guys。😊，I love this stuff。

Teaching something that is physical in nature。Anything that you can teach the girl and is physical in nature。

 She's gonna love that because girls love human contact， just like guys do。 We're all the same。

 We're all human beings。😊，But because you're teaching her something， it's okay。That's how it works。

 You remember I was talking about social conditioning， one of the first things in female psychology。

Is that they don't want it to be their responsibility。 But if you're teaching them something。Hey。

 you just teaching me something。Great example。 All right， I'm gonna。Okay， you're an next victim。

 Okay， so I hope you're comfortable with your sexuality because you're you're about to get some stuff here。

 All right， So one thing that I'll say， okay， I do this， this is awesome。😊，Okay， come here。

 so this is what I'll do， watch careful。I'll say， I'll say here， let me show you something。

 Guys always ask me， how do you transition this， Can you just transition this， Yes。

 just transition to it。 Let me show you something。Now go like this。 Now watch。

 if you go to give a girl hug， you just jump like that。He doesn't even like you。 Can I' a guy。 even。

 So， all right， so that's not cool。But on the other hand。Potention。Okay if you go， okay。

 what I usually do is Ill go here， go like this， see now watch them。Watch how this works。

 See if I'm going go like this， She doesn't know what what Im if I say， you know， it's not there yet。

 So she just goes， O， so go like this。 Okay， go here。See what I'm doing。 Okay， good。 Okay。

 give me a hug。Okay， good， Okay， So you see how I did that。 You guys see this， the， the sort of baby。

 Okay， you guys see the you， you guys see the segment that I did that in。

 There's this sort of a sequence that you that you can always do that in。 Okay， so just go， hey。

 put your arms on that here。 Come go this。 Okay， good。 Alright， now if they resist。

 Ca they're not comfortable with it， what do you do。😊，Go。That's it。 Back off。 And they'll go， no。

 it's O。 It's okay， right， Don't be the guy who's always pushing forward。

 If the girl's uncomfortable， you've got to make her comfortable。

 You don't want to make that girl feel。 You know what I mean， you don't want to make her feel like。

Tk or something。 Just chill out。 It's cool。 And if she， and by the way。

 if she's clearly uncomfortable with it， move on to something else。

 don't get a lot of guys get hung up。 Like I go to shore。 my hug thing。

 and then they get hung up on it。 if it's clear， if it's not flying， It sucks， just move off of it。

 Okay， so go like this。 Okay， go in like this。 Okay， and then I'll go okay。

 and watch wash the fingers。 I'll go like this， it's interesting。 you go。

 you have pressure you're back there。 Okay， then I'll go like this。 right， up the up the thing。

 I learned this from a girl， by the way， like that。😊，Okay， that's interesting。

 you see a whole tension in your back through there。Through there， right？ Yeah。

 Do you like hard pressure， soft pressure。 Oh hard， hard， right。

 Usually girls do because girls like that that kind of shit。 And you go down like that， scratch。

In there。 And then watch this。 Then I go。Like that。 because what most， what most guys will do。

 most guys are like， yeah， I got the contact。 They're gonna try like make out or like stick in there。

 which is cool。 maybe if it's later。 But if you do that early， that's not so cool。

 So what I'll do is right when right when I've done that。 And the girls is just like， oh， oh God。

 like that， right。😊，That's it。 That's all nice to know you。 That's it because youll disengage it。

 That's exactly。 Well， that's exactly you're going， do this， do this， do this。

 It's the same thing as the whole handshake。 do this， do。 You see， you see where that's coming from。

 That's you can have a see by the way。 Thank you very much， for dealing with that。😊。

Yeah so them some physical in nature。 Anytime you can teach them something。

 show them something on the wrist here。No corn。This doesn't always work by the way。 It is like a 50。

50 thing。Here， okay， you see your thing right there。 Okay， tell me when you think I got to it， Okay。

 tell me when you think I got to it。 here's S。Go ahead then， okay close your eyes。 Okay。

 your eyes are closed。 nice and close。 Okay， tell me when you think I got right up to that point on your wrist。

I think you got there。Yes， it's the two inches off， right？ so see， what am I doing there？It's just。

 it's not even tight。 It's just， I'm just showing you， showing。Anything that's physical in nature。

 Anything that's like that。 Great。 Some use palm reading， right， I'm not a myself。 So I don't。

 you know， I haven't been into that， but I've seen you guys have really cool success with that。😊。

Anything that you can teach。Its physical nature。Go for a man。 The stuff is great。

 And if you would have done that。On that girl who you met right away。

 you would have crossed that barrier by now。 and your life would be a lot more interesting。

How are you defining success， Like she let you do it， What did I say， I said You said that's。

 that's successful。 and you're successful。 Well， to me。I mean， ultimately。

 success would be either sex or a new friend who you want a girl who you want be friends with， right。

 But the point is is that a success in a little piece like that would be that she was cool with it。

 She enjoyed it and added value to her night。 And it was fun。 That's all。 that's definitely。 yeah。😊。

Anyway，You know， you cross that barrier， but again， I showed you guys a lot of subtle pieces there。

 you engage it， but you also are the one who disengages it。It's like if you take a girl。

And you kind of have it up against the wall like that。And she likes it。She， you know。

 she's cool with it。 But you also kind of want to be the guy to kind of let it back。 And then。

 you know， you can go at it again， and then you can kind of let it back。Next one， moving her around。

Or do you have a question？Should you always be the first one to disengage like matter。

 no matter how you touch whether it be holding hands。 Don't get。

 don't Yeah with the holding like don't be confined by rules。

 So many guys are so okay it's horrible because the more advanced the the technology gets。

 like the more useful things that we have to teach。 the more guys just get screwed up， man。

 they get screwed up by this stuff because their heads are so full of information。

 they can't just enjoy the moment。😊，As a general rule， if you're holding hands with a girl。

 you might want to kind of let go and see if she'll keep holding to see if she's cool with it。

 And if you let go and she doesn't keep holding， let it go。 Let her you know。

 let her go and just keep the interaction with her keep enjoying it。But I mean。

 I I like to disengage before it gets to that point where I'm leaning towards her too much its getting too needy。

 at the same time。 Sometimes you just want to do whatever you want to do。

 and it's right in the moment。 And that's cool too。

 ultimately you're only going learn this stuff by going out。

 you you can have these sort of guidelines and whatnot。 But you're gonna to learn this by going out。

 You're gonna to learn by making mistakes。You're going to by making a lot of mistakes until you have that perfect sense of the way to interact with the woman that makes you comfortable and excited and having fun。

 you'll get that sense。😊，Moving her around is great， next piece， moving around。

Just like I showed you with the handshake thing。 Come here， come over here。 move them around。

 lead them。 get make it so they're being LED so they feel protected by you and safe around you。

 And so they're enjoying themselves。 You're moving them around。 poking。 We talked about that。

 That's like the pinging High fiveing。 Great way to tell how comfortable a girl is with you。

 It's very funny。😊，Just just do a random high5。 Anytime's a good time for a random high5。

 You're just talking。 you're like， yeah high5。 Go like that。

 And you'll see if the girl really likes you， she'll be like all into it。

 And the girl doesn't like you， She'll kind of go， she'll go like that。

 And she'll do like the stiff handed high5 with no effort on her part or just no high5 at all。

 That's a quick way to see where you're at。 It's very interesting。😊。

Don't get too caught up and always trying to figure out where you're at。

 It's just an interesting way to see it。 It's not a big deal。Tickling。

Great for later on tickler a bit， wrestling， hair pulling。Neck biting。All good stuff。

Slowing down your speaking。How do you kiss a girl？Slow down your speaking。 Slow it down， get closer。

Tangular gazing。 What is triangular gazing， Triangular gazing is a natural pattern that you'll see。

When girls want to be kissed， they'll start looking down towards your lips。 You'll see them。

 They'll look at your eyes， Down lips， eyes， down lips， eyes， down lips。

 That's when she wants you to kiss her， usually。To engage that。

 you can be the one that does it first so you can be looking at her and start to look down like that。

 Oh， yeah， you can feel the gainness scan you。 So see， that's why， that's why it works on a girl。 So。

 so。😊，So that's， you know， that's triangular gazing。 Good little piece。 You slow down， you get in。

 A lot of probably you guys might have noticed that I put touch very early， including kissing。

Not always， but very oftentimes， you can be kissing girl very quickly if you want。

 if you so choose to do that， it's fine。Back scratching， another good one。 smelling hair， right。

 You notice how I've kind of put stuff like tickling， back scratchting， biting。

 smelling hair It kind of like these different varieties of touch so that you can actually create different sensations in her that's more exciting than just the typical。

 the typical group of the average man。 Okay， You can have something kind of more interesting。😊。

More sexy， more seductive。 That's what， you know， that's really what touch is all about。 So look。

Why don why don't we recap this before we go any further。You know。

 we've got about in just a couple minutes here。 we want to recap this。

So that you guys can go out tonight and implement what you learned。

So what you guys have learned today， let's recap it quickly。

We talked about your core fundamental beliefs that you have to have， not putting women on aedestal。

 being who you are， not seeking their approval。You know。Not worrying about your money， your looks。

 None of that stuff matters。 It does not matter at all。

What matters is the confidence that you bring in your body language， eye contact， voice， charisma。

All that stuff。 your humor， humor is so important。 humor， confidence。

 those two things and everything that goes along with those two things。

 That is what will make women attracted to you。You learn to stand out。

We talked to you about female psychology。Logic。And emotions。

And how those two pieces are always canceling each other out。

We talked about social conditioning and how women never want you to put the responsibility on their shoulders。

 how you have to take a lead。 We talked about leading。Talked about the body language that you need。

We talked about how to open， plowing。When you guys go out tonight， if it doesn't work right away。

 keep talking， bring up other funny topics。Plow through it。 Obviously。

 that will result in some rough landings， but you will get some。 And as you get。

 as you get some successes。You'll see what I'm talking about here about how if you just keep moving forward。

 you'll get what you're looking for。When you open， look at the situation as like a cat。You go down。

't want to freak the cat out。 You don't want go。 You don't want to cross that line。Once you。

 you've ventured into a conversation， hook， make yourself stand out from other guys quickly。

 Don't do what the average man does。Giveniving you way more examples than you guys need here。

 You guys need about one of these examples that I've come up with。

 Why did I give so many examples so that you can pick。

 I give you a lot of examples so you can pick not so you can stack them one after another in a substitute for a regular conversation。

Not for that。You know， as a teacher， that's a really tough line for me to walk because on one angle。

 I would almost rather give nothing。To force you guys to rely on yourselves。 But， you know。

 on the other hand， I know you guys want something。 So I've got to give some examples。

 but take them as examples。 Remember this， This is being tap cord。

 So every example I just gave you guys is toast。 It's done。 You have to make your own variations。 O。

 you must make your own variations of this。😊，Make up your own stuff， Go in there。

 get the touch going。Get it going quickly。 physicaly connection so that the girl feels a good physical connection with you so that you don't wind up in a situation where she loves you to death。

 But because you haven't crossed that boundary， it's like this awkwardness is there。

 Removeve that awkwardness from her life and your life quickly。

So what I want you guys to focus on tonight。So you're going to go out， you're going to get out there。

You're going to decide how many women that you're going to approach。

YouGoing to make that decision of how many women that you're going to approach tonight。

You're going to count them out。Make your choice。 You're going to get out there with your friends。

 and you're going to do them。You're going to use the opening principles that I taught you。

You're going to make yourself stand out from other guys quickly。

You're going to break through that physical connection barrier so that you're both really comfortable in that solid of interaction。

And for now， that's it。 That's all you've got to focus on for tonight。 because that's a big start。

 That would be a great start， guys。😊，And what I want to see is I want you guys to come back in tomorrow and tell me stories about how you guys went out last night。

 picked certain number of girls are gonna to open， went and did it， took your lumps。

 got some good ones。😊，Hook their attention， crossed those bears and got that comfort going。

 So let's focus on that for now。 You guys see how we're just keeping it very simple， very natural。

 We're not making this into some giant formula。 You don't have to change， you know。

 into some kind of pick superhero to do this。You guys have the tools。

 You're born with the tools to track women。 You've got them。

 You're going to go out tonight and you're going to use them。

 and you're going to get comfortable with it。 And you're going to wake up a apart of yourself。

 that's probably been asleep for a long time。So I'm excited to see that。

So we're going to wrap it up for today。I gonna come back in another minute。

 like just for a short break to talk about where you guys are gonna go。

 because I'm gonna to send you guys out。 But we're gonna wrap it up for today。 lot of information。

 information overload。 talk about it with each other。 But when you go out tonight， let it go。

 let the information go， go out there and have a good time and you'll be amazed how things will take care of themselves。

 You guys will be amazed at it。😊，Okay， so let's wrap it up for today。 Short break。

 Thanks for listening to today， guys。 and when we'll pick it up again market。😊。

