# 18、RSD泰勒 《基础与高级游戏》：正宗社交力学 DVD 5【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Good morning。As did you guys do last night？Yeah， and interesting stories。は。Yeah。

 who's got some stories to share here？So fast me， first we did East Coast swing。

 family doing two other things then she started pulling me into her and bouncing me off a big chest。

I'm partial to Mam Marys anyway。です。I've been dancing with many women for many years and its first time it ever happened。

 a woman bounceed me up a chest like was nothing， it was casual， it was normal。Amazing， yeah。

 way to dance。First， of course， I got a number。She lived in Suffolk， but it was a great experience。

Something I always remember。Awesome。Great job， man that's a good subhuh。Yeah， excellent。

 anyone else got any stories。You know you do。Speak of。

 did you guys do did everyone ever get their 10 approaches？Oh， man。

I was walking down the street and this girl was a singer。

And she was going to play at the club down probably next week or this Thursday coming up。She。

I was talking to the guy or a boyfriend， whoever it was， and I asked，"Well。

 can you sing a couple bars for me？He said， no， she doesn't do that。 She doesn't do that。

 She doesn't sing。 she won't sing for anybody on the street corner， she won't do that。

And she goes you're gonna come I go no， I'm not coming， I handed her thing back。

 I turned around and within two steps of me walking away， she broke out into a full course。

 which I just thought was kind of funny Yeah， so you had that kind of line in your own mind of yeah。

 okay， that's cool man that's cool So who here okay how many approaches you guys get last night？7。

 I had a different experience because I went with a friend to a small dinner party over in Brooklyn。

 and it was about 20 people as 10 guys and 10 girls and。I realized I was like， you know。

 I'm going to make every woman in here attracted to me and that did not go very well， by the way。

But there was one girl in particular that was my friend's very best friend from college。

 so I was doing the LA A New York Handshake， which went off really well until the dog started eating her salad。

 but I was trying to like lead and be like， no no no no stop。 no。

 and then she was trying to start to lead and like take over like no， no， I'm leading。

And so I was trying to like make that power while she was conscious tested me。

 and so we going to go into vibing， which I could have really used last night。

 but a couple of things where I made mistakes were she started asking me logical questions。

Like you know what do you do were you staying and now thinking about it I was answering with logical answers like instead of saying oh。

 I'm staying in a cardboard box over on Union Square or I work in the mail room you know so I was giving you a real answer so she was pigeonhole you know I was being pigeonhole into a certain role and later I realized that and。

And it turned out that she was completely opposite of me。 So she was telling me like， oh。

 I like strawberries。 I， oh， really， I don't。 And so I looked at her real series and like。

 you know what。If we dated， we would fight all the time。And she， she kind of laughed and like， yeah。

 and I would win。 And she goes， no， I would win。 I'm like， no，I wouldn't。

And so it was a pretty good interaction， but I was trying to lead， show a little bit of power。

 it was a little difficult because I know I wasn't maintaining eye contact so and also was very awkward because I do know her and I do know her friend it's like。

 well， I didn't really want to really pursue it because if it really went somewhere。

Then the situation was kind of awkward。Does that make sense？But that' was pretty much it。 Yeah， Yeah。

 I think。You know， I think it's okay to give， to give the straight answers。

 but sometimes making them work a little bit before it can be fun， too。 You know。

 I don't think it'll'll pigeonhole you too too much， but I， you know it can sometimes。

You know what he was just talking about right there？Was how， you know when you talk to a woman。

She'll usually have the same kind of questions that she'll ask you over and over repeatedly。

 so that'll usually be what's your name， where are you from， what do you do。

 know just very typical questions that she'll give you Now the interesting thing about that is that she's run those exact same questions on so many different guys and she's so used to getting the exact same answer So a lot of the time if you give you know a funny answer or a ridiculous answer what you're basically showing her is that you're different from all the other guys because she can't pigeonhole you。

 she can't understand you right away。For me， what I like to do is I'll give a silly answer。

 But then right after that， I'll give the real answer。

 So I prefer it because sometimes I think if it just goes too far， you can get stuck on it。

 A lot of guys will will use some kind of way to open the conversation。

 like some kind of conversation topic to start a conversation and they'll get stuck on that and they don't move past it。

 It's very important that when you use some kind of an opener， you have to move past it quickly。

 you don't want to get stuck on it because if you get stuck on it。

 Then as soon as that part of the conversation fizzles out， the conversation is probably over。So。

 yeah， I think in your case， you know， like for me， think， I think at this point。For myself。

 the longer that I've been doing this， the less silly stuff that I use。

 because it's just kind of unnecessary。 So as you progress along， you wind up。

Being almost a lot more passive， and women wind up doing a lot more of the work。But I think when you。

 especially when you first get going， it's good to sort of play with the girls。

 be a little bit silly。 you know， show them that you're not gonna be categorized right away and just making yourself a little bit harder to figure out。

 And that can get a sort of interesting thing going。 So you could try that for next time。😊。

Let's talk a little bit about viing today。Yesterday， we went through。Opening。Hook。Touch。

So talk about the next thing today， viing。One of the areas that I had。

I had a really big issue with growing up was I didn't really understand what the purpose of a conversation was。

 I think as a guy， we view conversations as being very logical。So， for example。

 we're in the seminar room right now， and we're talking about something very specific here。

 If we had a little break， we could communicate with each other on that level。

 We could talk about the material that's being presented here。 That's way。 you know。

 that gives us a firm topic to communicate on。In terms of talking with women。

That's not a very good angle to take。 So， for example， when I first started meeting women。

 I might talk about， you know some class that I was taking at the time。

 and we would go down that conversational thread for a long time。Say after half an hour。

 when that conversation ran out。It made it pretty difficult to transition into something else。

 So this is an important distinction that we're going to make right now。

Which we call deep and wide rapport。Think about deeperport as like one topic。

One topic you go down that topic for a long period of time。 In this room。

 we have deep rapport right now based on the topic of how to meet women。

 We've gone down this topic for a long time。Wide rapport is different。

 wide rapport is just talking about a million different things。

 talking about anything and everything。😡，What that means is that you're not getting stuck on some conversational thread for a long period of time。

One of the biggest issues that guys have。Is flaking。Phone flaking。

 where a guy will learn how to get a lot of different phone numbers。

 And then he'll find that the girls won't call him back afterwards。

W don't we think a little bit about this？You guys remember back when you were a kid at school？

You might had a teacher who you really liked。You like that teacher。But say that you see that teacher。

At the grocery store with your mom。How does that feel。Weird， not cool out of context。

 That's exactly right。 The the context。In't there。 It doesn't have that exact same context。

 This is the same thing as when you go to a club with a girl。

 say that you're grinding with her dancing with her。

 Girl will go to the club and grind with some guy。But if he goes for her phone number。

 she may not want to see him again because it's out of context。 It just doesn't。

 It just doesn't jive in her world。In a lot of ways。

 what guys will do when they're meeting women is they're trying to create a lot of attraction。

They're creating a lot of attraction。 You know， they're pumping or say quite a lot。

 But what's happening。Is there getting her to act somewhat out of character。

If the girl is acting too out of character around you。

 a lot of the time when you go to call her up on the phone， when she's not in that mentality。

 she's not going to be as receptive because you put her into that character over a period of time。

 You sort of you placed her there as you built the interaction。You know。

 the emotions kind of got going。 But what eventually happened was she went home。 She went to sleep。

 She got on with her life。 You call her in the middle of the day at some other point。

 And she's not in that mindset。 And that's where you get a lot of flaking。

So what you guys want to do is you want to sort of avoid that。

You don't want to push her too too far out of character unless you you're going to wind up together that night。

 But for the most part， especially if you think you're gonna to be getting a phone number。

 you don't want to get her too much out of character。 You just want to joke around there。

 keep a lot of different topics going。Keep it moving forward in that way。

I think a lot of guys get confused on。What it really means to vibe with somebody。

When your friends say， let's go out for a beer。Say， okay， we'll go grab a beer together。

That's just to go shoot the shit。That's not， you know。

 that's not to go out for a beer and talk about some really logical topic and say， okay， you know。

 meeting adjourned， Let's go home。 You just go out and chat。Meeting women is the exact same thing。

 It's the exact same kind of thing。What a lot of guys will do when they go out with their friends is they'll try and share knowledge as a way of qualifying themselves。

 So they， they will sort of always want to share knowledge or impress their friends with things that they know。

 things that they've done。And that's O。 You can talk about that with women。

 but it shouldn't come across in any kind of way like you have an outcome attached to it。

WhenIf you can talk to a woman and just joke around and create a good vibe around you。

 and the purpose of your joking around or telling stories or sharing stories or asking questions is just to create a fun vibe and have a good time。

 then you're gonna to get a great result with that。 If in any way， shape or form。

 that woman detects that you're trying to impress her with the story that you're saying that you're trying to get a reaction out of her。

 that there's something that you want that you're reaching towards。

 that's what's going to kill your attraction。Svivbing is a conversation that's for the purpose of just building a great vibe。

 If you guys think back to the last time that you were with your friends having a great time。

 if you could act that way around women。😊，You'd have a lot of success。

 I think where guys have a difficult time is that they have a hard time。Acting that way around women。

 It's hard for them to open up in that kind of way around women。 And， of course。

 that makes things more difficult。 Sa that you ask a girl a question。

You asks the real question you get an answer。A lot of guys will just pum with another question。

 which is sort of like that interview style， you know， resume style questioning。

If you take it in that direction。What's going to happen is the vibe is probably going to go very logical。

 You want the vibe to be more emotional， more silly， more playful， more fun。So what do you do？

You misinterpret her answers。See， so， you know， say that you ask a girl， where do you live。

Or actually， I would never say usually where you。 I might say what neighborhood do you live in。

 because where do you live is a little bit specific for someone you just met。And。You know。

 say she said somewhere far away， I might say， oh， Jesusez。You know。

 I live I live pretty close to here。 I could， you know， I could get you。Your own。Little beanb chair。

And I could put it at the base of my bed。And you can sleep there。Or， you know， she might say。

You know， I might say， how old are you。And， you know。

 she'll say some age and I'll misinterpret the age。 And I'll say， oh， wow， you know， I， you know。

 you look， you look very， you know， very young for 40。 if she said 20 or something like that。

 You know， whatever it is， I'm just gonna， you know， just play with it， confuse her a little bit。

 sort of just mess around。 Keep it fun， so。That's really what viing is。Now。And you know。

 it comes back to the stuff that I talked to you guys before about how to hook her attention。

 any of that stuff is great in vibing。Moving her around the club， introducing her to your friends。

 introducing her to other people。Anything that you can do just to keep it having a fun time。

 I think another thing， too， is a lot of guys don't get the girl to do any of the work。😊。

They'll just keep trying to talk and talk and talk because they've had the experience where if they stop talking。

 the girl will leave。One of the things that you have to do eventually is learn to stop talking and see if she'll reinitiate the conversation a little bit。

 One of the ways that you can do that is you can just kind of look at her with that kind of expectant。

 you know， Exp her to say something。 And she'll feel that。

 And then she'll start thinking what to say next。 If you have the girl not thinking at all。

 And she's not contributingtributive at all。 then what's gonna happen is as soon as you stop talking。

 she's probably just gonna walk off。Most guys a strategy。With women。Is to go in there。

And try to qualify themselves and try to impress the girl。

That's the average guys of strategy for meeting women。It's not a very good strategy。

 it's a terrible strategy。We'll work against you。If you could just vibe with the girl。

And not try to impress her in any way。What you're going to find is she's going to start asking you questions。

She's going to start saying， where are you from， What do you do， What's your name。That kind of stuff。

 So she she's going to do the work for you。 She's going to try and figure it out for herself。

At that point， you can come up with silly answers， then give her the real answer afterwards。

 or you can just not give her the answer at all， or you can just give her the real answer。

 It's up to you， but you can you can mix that up。I think a lot of guys get a bit too hung up on that phase。

 I remember。Being in Sydney， Australia， doing a workshop， and I had a guy who was a doctor。

Which is not a bad job。And the woman kept saying， where do you work？ He said， I work in McDonald's。

And she said，"No， tell me he works at I work at McDonald's。

And this went on for about 5 or 6 minutes until I want to stepped in。And I said， hey， how's it going。

 guys。 And she said， he won't tell me where he works。So I whispered in his ear， I said，  dudeude。

 just tell her where you work， it doesn't matter。Just tell the truth。 And he's like， okay。

 it's like McDonald's。And。You know， and the girl was so pissed。

 She just wanted to know where he worked。 And the reason why was this had gone past the point of playfulness and it had gone to a point where she just。

 she really felt like he was screwing with her。And it was bothering her。And she didn't。 And you know。

 was， It was actually breaking too much trust。 It was going， It was going a little bit too far。

 So you guys had， you know， you guys， that's we call that calibration。

The biggest problem when guys learn you know， a dating technique is that they won't learn how to calibrate it。

 They will follow it blindly because they heard it somewhere。

 you know and they'll continue to use it。And it's hurting them。

 So you guys have to use your own common sense and look at the results that you're getting。 know。

 play， you know， obviously if you don't get a good result at first， you should keep trying it。

 But if it's not getting a good result， you need to stop， or you need to tweak it a little bit。

And we had a question right here。It actually happened last night where we were talking to a girl and the conversation kind of ended and it was clear that it was going to stop if we didn't continue it basically。

 so I guess my question is is when that happens and it's clear that you either haven't hooked or the vibing's just not going well enough yet。

 do you just keep plowing and just keep going and keep talking until either a hook comes in or you know you can tell she's going to respond more。

What led you to believe that she wouldn't talk there would be a little bit of silence and then she would kind of look away a little bit so instead of her focus staying on me。

 you could tell it was pretty apparent that she wasn't going to say anything even after a few seconds and you think you had a lot of attraction in that interaction or what do you not enough。

 not enough okay？Was it a loud venue， Yeah， it was。 I find in loud venues。

You've got to sort of just plow through more whereas with with the quieter venues。

 not even necessarily quiet， but at least talkable。

 then you know you can have a better conversation if I'm in a really loud venue。

 generally what I'll do is just talk and talk and talk。

 and then I'll do what I call force qualification where I'll just try and give some kind of compliments about or some kind of generic compliment that I like about her So that way when I ask for her phone number makes sense。

 And then that's about it because that's about know in those really， really loud venues。

 it's kind of a different game know because if you think about it。

When you've got a music playing loud on the speakers， that musician。Is basically。

Conveying his personality to that girl。Do you see what I'm saying。

 while you're there trying to convey your personality。

 you've got this musician who's holding her attention。 So it you know it's kind of competitive。

 And that probably only getting bits and pieces of what you're about。 Yeah， for the music， you know。

 Yep， that's right so。You build energy in the interaction。 It builds up。I mean。

How many of you guys here think that you understand how to vibe with people really well？A few of you。

 okay， what do you guys think。What are some things that you guys can come up with that you think might be holding you back？

Let's get some answers here。 What do you guys think。Could be holding you back。

Well it's interesting you say about can you vibe with people I find with some people I vibe very easily with a majority of people。

 but there's some people that。That either you can't bring out that goofy side in them。

 whether they're just not catching that vibe or whatever it is in that day who they are and then it is a mystery like the hell's the deal with this person Look for the majority of the people yeah。

 it can't feel that vibe but it is you know there's a little bit of mystery with small percentage there Have you noticed any commonalities。

In the people who don't open up。Do you think it's I mean in your case。

 do you it's because they're more low self-esteem type people or do you think it's because you just didn't come in well enough and they just didn't feel comfortable or what do you think was the main cause of it。

 Probably a combination of the the really either low or really kind of aloof kind of not anything between Okay that's cool Well I think you know that sounds like kind of a quality problem it sounds like you're doing doing pretty good you know？

Who else here？ What else do you guys think could be holding you back。

Holding you back from vibing with a girl specifically， that's what you're saying are in general。Yeah。

 I mean， I know for myself I or with people too。I con vibe really well with most people that I meet。

 create rapport and I have a conversation with them what I noticed the difference with last night was。

It was so commonplace。 It was just so run in the mill， what I was used to doing。 so I became。

Consciously incompetent throughout the night， which became really frustrating inside of that because I felt like all my normal bag of tricks were taken away and I couldn't just go there I mean I did go back to that but I felt it totally falling flat what's your normal bag of tricks。

I tend to create deep rapport I'll get like really interested in like what they do specifically and then draw that out into deeper and deeper about philosophy。

 about life， personal strategies with that what they're into maybe it's something relating to a current topic that just happen so yeah and does that and let me ask you does that work for you Yeah it works。

 buts it's。I get my courage up to go to one approach and then I'll just stay with that approach and then I'll just create that report and I don't have a very high flake rate at all。

 but I don't have a high。You know， number of meeting a lot， a lot of girls， Ill stick with a one。

 and then I just stay there you know， because this is kind of funny。

What this is to me is like a typical case of a guy who sounds like you're doing everything right and then you come to a program like this and it screw you up。

 it feels like that。 Yeah， it feels like that。 Yeah， because I see that a lot， you know。

 guys that have great game that will come in and they'll switch it up if you're getting great results with what you're getting。

😊，But you don't need to change anything， man， it sounds to me like you're doing great。

 And the whole idea that you have to approach a ton of different women a night。

 But if you're already， if that's going the whole night， you're in a perfect place。

 you've got everything that you need。I think what I'm missing though is I want to be able it's the really hot one that I really want to approach that I want to get and then I get nervous and I don't go to and it feels like the ones that are those really hot ones are like yeah yeah。

 okay great， yeah you're talking about everything else that every other guy is doing so how I make myself stand out from that is what I really like to learn。

And I get the importance of you know creating that social strength or social conditioning。

 which I tend to be really shy with and going in once I'm in there and talking it can do that all right。

 so okay， so what's your goal My goal is to。Have a better error。

I guess get over that nervousness of just going and approaching women and meeting them in the street because I tend to be really shy with that。

Okay because it sounds to me like you're doing fine。 You know， if this。

 if this structure works for you， use it， if not， don't use it。 you see what I'm saying。

 It's like Bruce Lee says， right， know take that which works for you， discard that。

 which does not create something truly your own。 You know you don't need to you know if you heard here that you're not allowed to stay on the same topic And you happen to be getting a great result with that。

Regardless of what most people's results are， if that's working for you， stick with it。

You know improve it work with over here you saying you're like you kind of come around full circle with a lot of things that you've done you said。

 well， I used to be really joking around and now I come up and I answer you know what I really do for a living yeah it seems like it's bit of that journey and that path exactly so Yeah yeah no that's because I kind of thought that was a valuable question I see a lot of guys that will come to a dating program like this and you know they've got a greater for example。

 maybe they hear some new opener。And they were already opening 100% consistently。

 And then they think that their old opener is not good anymore。 that's ridiculous。 Right。 So yeah。

 if you've got something that's working， Yeah， stick with it。 But obviously。

 if you have an opportunity to improve your results， you may want to try that as well。

 because you may want to try what you're doing。 I mean， there's a lot of great stuff to learn。

 which is great。 Yeah， lifetime student。 awesome。 You had a question also。😊，Yeah， just about vibing。

You know， along the same lines of the the other guy who's like I wanted to be social last night。

 And so I was like talking to a couple guys。 and I SAT between these two guys。

 This one guy to my right， you know， I was like， dude， this is like pimp club， you know。And you know。

 he just kind of ignored me。And then his friend to the left， you know。

 he he hadn't seen me then he turned around。 He's like， you popped the about of nowhere。

 And I'm like， yeah，eei。 And he's like， hey， I'm David Copperfield。 you know。

 And we just had like it was really good。 But the other guy， you know， I don't know。

 like I didn't know where to go from there why are you talking to the guy， by the way。

 just for fun I was just being social。 I mean， like they've seen me open some。 No。

 no judgment Yeah know just being social。 Yeah， no， I think that's good。 That's good。

 That's very good。 especially because you have to know how to talk to guys because most cool girls do have guy friends in the club。

 at least very frequently。😊，Well， you know what， I think that that's something that will just improve the time。

 Yeah， there's nothing specific there， you know， because。Yeah， man， I mean， the more that you go out。

 the more comfortable that you'll get。You you'll find that you'll carry yourself a little bit more assertively。

 and you'll be surprised because if you go out for a long period of time。

 you'll see the change of the result with the way people treat you。 it's pretty apparent。

Is there anybody else here who has something that they think， yeahep？

Let's hurry up with those micros， get a little run going here and get a little jogging。Yeah。

 around there。There you go right there I could vibe really well with people that I know and girls that I know and so forth。

 like for instance work where I work at my office environment。

 I could joke around with everybody but。And then they get to know my personality and we're all having a good time and so forth。

 but it seems that like when I go out into a strange vi or to a club or something like that。

 you know it's hard to recreate that same you know that same atmosphere or that same vibe。

 you know to convey my personality and to get that same conversation and silliness and fun and so forth going and what do he think like I'm talking about you know I'll have a good opener and so forth and then maybe I'm trying to joke around a little bit then the conversation goes flat？

And then that I'm forced into okay where are you from。

 what's your name you know all that sort of thing and what do you think is the difference between say at work versus that you know an iCclub the difference is that you know the people people that I work with I know them very well I know you know what kind of stuff they're into we'll talk about relationships we'll talk about you know things that I know that they know about and that I know about and I guess I feel more comfortable because we're all on the same you know we're all talking about the same thing Okay that's a good one。

One of the things to get really good at meeting women and with people in general is you kind of have to kind of。

Screw your own head a little bit to make yourself feel like people who you don't know are people who you already know。

One of the things that we call we call that assuming attraction。The idea of assuming attraction is。

 I mean， in a more general sense， anyone who's talking to you likes you。

 assuming that people like you beforehand， before you even talked to them。C。

It's almost having a certain it's almost like a childlike innocence where when you talk someone new。

You're anticipating them to respond well。 and you don't care if they don't， but you。

 you expect that they will， which is almost an implicit social proof that other people respond well to you。

Because if you're able to go up to them and talk to them completely openly and freely and not worrying about what they think and not trying to impress them just having a good time。

 presumably they figure like on a unconscious level that you can do that with everybody。

 and they figure if you're doing that with everybody。

 they're curious about why and they want to talk to you。So。The thing is， is that。

A lot of guys can vibe really well with people who they know。

 But as soon as they're around an attractive woman around someone who they don't know， they pipe up。

 they can't think of what to say。 One of the most common things that you'll hear guys saying is。

 you know， I don't know what to say after my open。 after I open， I don't know what to say。

 I run out of stuff to say。 But of course。That's ridiculous because。You've been on this planet for。

 anyone watching this program at least 18 years。 You've got a lot to talk about。

 So what this is really about。Is learning how to unclog that， learning how to unclog it。

When you're talking to somebody。What you'll find is sometimes they're not going to respond well right away。

What that might do to you is you feel。M make you feel a little bit deflated because you're talking about something that you like and they're not responding well to it。

What a lot of guys will do is they'll switch it up。

But what I tend to do is I'll just keep going with it。

I'll just keep going on it and draw them into it because if they give you those looks like。

 what is this and you keep going， a lot of the time。

 you just kind of overpower their beliefs about what you're saying and they get drawn into。

 Of course， you， this is another thing they could get miscalibrated because。

You know you can get guys that are completely ignoring all social feedback and you know looking kind of stupid。

 but you're only going to learn if you try， so I think in another way too。

 if you go out and you're conveying your personality and you're doing it in a way that you know works。

 you know that other people really enjoy it and it's not working that one particular instance。

 just keep plowing through it。I think one of the symptoms that a lot of guys get when they learn this stuff is they start to feel like they need to take over every interaction with people in general。

So when they're out with their friends。You know， they'll become conversation tyrants where they always feel the need to have the attention being drawn towards them。

If you think about it， there's really two ways that you can be the anchor of a conversation。

 one way is to be the center of attention， that's an obvious way。

But another way is to have everybody qualifying themselves to you。

So to be the guy who's sort of sitting there being the judge as everyone's making their comments。

 you're going， oh， that's interesting， okay， tell me more about that and they're qualifying themselves to you。

If you're the kind of guy who's really good at holding court。

Try switching that up and just sort of seeing if you can lay back and let people do the talking to you。

Because。It's all the way that the interaction is framed。Somebody holding court。

Could look like he's the man。He could look like he's dominant， everybody's listening to him。

But if you frame that in a different way， if you look at it in a different way。

It could also look like he's just trying to impress everybody。Almost like a clown。

So in the same way that holding court can be framed in two different ways。

Being laid back and being passive can also be framed or looked at in two different ways。

Because having people talking to you， you can also be framed as them qualifying themselves to you。

So you don't necessarily feel the need to have to take over every single interaction all the time。

 you can learn to play with it。I think you made a really good point in a previous program that I taught where you said。

You know， you want to connect when you vibe and so when we can do that on an emotional level it' like。

 you know I'm sorry， you know， my sister， like her boyfriends and I asshole and I just kind of thinking about it。

 try to make yourself appear to be like a normal person。

And try to you know can do do you have that same problem you know do you know guys or jerks or whatever like you know do you have the same similar situation and I thought that was a pretty good point trying to connect with somebody and that's how you vibe is you know you kind open yourself up I mean even though you may be making this up they don't they don't know that be say you know I'm sorry you know I'm just kind of。

You。Do you see what I'm saying， So you're saying by telling stories and then seeing if they'll open up。

Well， you're trying to like I find when you vibebed， you really like sharing like things about you。

 like feelings or emotions or whatever， which is exactly what you want to do with a female。

 So if you start with a story like。You know， my grandmother yeah。

 she's like not doing so while I mean， that's a pretty bad example。 But the point is。

 you're trying to get to this emotional level with them。And they would interpret that。

 I was assuming as biing。There's different schools of thought on this。

But my school thought tends to be keep it fun， keep it light。

 the connection that you have is a connection of fun that will move things forward the most quickly。

Get you the result that you want the most quickly， and you can build a connection afterwards after you've had sex。

But for the most part， the kind of when I talk about vibing。

What I'm talking about is just having a lot of fun together。

 So the girls like this guy is so much fun。 You pull her into your world into your reality。

 You take her for a wild ride in your reality。😊，You make that great for that to me is a great form ofviving。

I've had some cases where I built an amazing connection with the girl before we started dating。

 And you know， that's word too。 But I've probably had a lot， know， if I were actually go back。

 like really go back and look at all my like real successes， not just phone numbers。

 but like legitimate successes most of those girls were just girls who had a lot of fun with。

 we had such a great time together that you know， sex was just a natural， you know。

 way forward from that。 So to me，😊，You know， if a girl were to say to me that she has some kind of problem with her sister。

I would actually probably move off of that conversational thread very quickly。 right。

 if a girl says to me， you know， I'm fat or I'm ugly or something very low self estem。

I would probably just say， oh， well。You know I don't judge that bank。

 move forward to the next conversation topic， by the way。

 do you catch why that's important not to play the whole reassurance game。See if a girl says to you。

You know， I'm ugly。And you say， no， you're not。Chances are she believes so strongly that's okay she's probably got some kind of head head issue going on there if you try to say no you're not。

 no you're not， you're actually breaking trust because you're going against her world views whereas if you just say oh well cool with me。

 know whatever and you just move past it quickly and she says oh well he doesn't judge me for it and then she's like wow this guy's amazing because he's the guy who I can be around this's not an issue for him。

It's like if a guy's imagine that you're 100% convinced that you're short。

 you're just so convinced of it that you can't get out of your head about it。 And you tell a girl。

 yeah， God， I'm short。 And she's like really， well， I like that。 Or I'm cool that。

That's that's going to align a lot more with your world views than if she tells you otherwise。

 which may not align with your worldview。 So actually， in fact。

 if you just say that you don't judge it， then she kind of needs you。So that's， you know。

 you might as well take that angle as well， but yeah， generally for me。

know if a conversation thread is going in any kind of direction that's not fun。

 I'll cut it off very quickly， the way that I cut it off。

 I'm not gonna to give see a lot of guys do like the big speech like I'm here to have fun tonight。

 we're not going to talk about that。 I generally I've taken that angle before it can work generally I avoid that angle now most of the time I'll just go on another conversation topic very quickly。

 just bang， just cut it off， go onto something else quickly。That's it。 you know， keep it fun。

Keep having a good time。 The commonalities that I like to build maybe are like places that we both like to go。

 So that way we might have a reason to get together later， build that kind of a connection。

 I'm probably not going to build a connection on some kind of deep， emotional issue。

Just because I find that it tends to slow things down。The angle that I really like to take is。

 you know， I'm a guy who's not judgmental about sex。You know。

 I'm just a guy to have fun with and the girls who I really want to start dating afterwards。You know。

 I can move it in that direction afterwards progressively。

 but generally I tend not to not to build too too much a commonality。 You know what， though。

 I think just like what we were going back to with you。

 it really depends on the person because I know some guys we will build a connection with the woman。

 And that's just so attractive to the woman。 So it really just depends on them。 And you know。

 I've seen that work as well。 So I think you've got to do what worse for you。

 If you've seen to have success。But not stick to a formula if it's not getting success。Qualification。

Okay， this is probably one of my strongest areas。 I know this is something I really worked on because this is something that reduces that flaking。

 and I'll tell you this when you first start out you have flaking problems。

 you're thinking about everything that you can under the sun to reduce your flaking problems。

First area of qualification。This is very interesting。Very， very interesting stuff。

 so pay less attention to this is kind of can complicated。 first you guys will figure it out。

Say that you're with your friend。😡，And you have two girls with you。

 You guys remember how I talked about having lines in your mind of what you'll respond to logically。

 in terms of congruuous has， for example， another line that you need to have in your mind is how cool something has to be for you to respond to it from that girl。

So if you're with your friends and you know that you've completely hooked， you've hooked it。

 you've got it， those girls are having a great time with you， they want to talk to you。

If you're talking with your friends， you want to have a certain line of what you'll respond to from those girls。

 who heres ever thrown a party before， anyone thrown a party。 All right。

 you guys get a lot of attention for women when you throw that party。 Yeah。

 I got a lot of nodding heads here。😡，The reason why that is。Its because you well。

 there there's a number of reasons why。 But point is， you've got them really hooked in so。

When you've got those girls really hooked。You want that line in your mind of what you'll respond to。

 So if they say somethings boring or uninteresting。

 you might just want to keep on talking to your friend。

 The girl will work harder and harder to bring her best self to the table when she talks to you when because what she's gonna notice。

 she's gonna to sense from you， that you respond when she brings her best self， you know。

 her most intelligent or funny or interesting things to the table。That being the case。

When she's going to have an impression of you， like she's a better person when she's around you。

And that's going to make her want to be around you more。 It's interesting。

 It's almost ironic in the sense that if we're around someone who will listen to whatever we say。

 put up our put up with any bullshit from us， we probably won't value their approval that much。

 but if we're around someone who we actually have to work to gain their approval。

 we have to lean towards them， we have to actually bring our best selves to the table。😡。

Well some of you guys might have the experience where you dated a girl。

 even if she was very attractive， she would put up with anything from you。

 and that being the case you started to lose attraction for her and you guys might have also dated a girl who would put up from very little from you and you were always working to keep her enjoying your company and in that case you were always leaning and investing。

 It's a very interesting concept， the concept of leaning and investing。

 the more work that you've put into that relationship， the more that you value it。

 if you've put nothing into it， you probably don't value it。So think about that if you're with。

Two girls， two guys。Have that standard of what you'll respond to。

That way the girl will know that she has to bring her best personality to the table and she'll feel better about being around you。

The next one is very， very important。😡，It tookook me a long time to sort of get the hang of this one is the curiosity frame。

If you go up to a girl and you start asking her questions。And the context。Is that you're trying to。

 you're trying to build her because you're trying to get in with her， like every other guy。

Then everything that you do is going to be interpreted in the context of you being。

 you've maybe trying a little bit too hard， you doing the work， her not see anything。😡。

But you can change that。You can switch that around。😡。

As long as a question that you ask someone is coming from a genuine place of curiosity about them？

You're coming from a position of power。Because you're curious。

There's a very big difference between what do you do？That's so cool versus， you know， what do you do？

It's a different context that you're bringing and a different emotional response that you're gonna get out of that Cursity frame is powerful because it makes people feel like they can open up to you and they can talk to you and you're interested in what they have to say as opposed to。

 you're just putting up some kind of front of fake interest。

 which is what most guys are picking up as a result， you know， trying to get in with her。

Another interesting one is commonalities。😡，Most guys really misplay the commonalality's angle。

Because what they'll do is， you know， the girl will say， you know， I like some chick flickick。

 and I will say， I really like that， too because he's trying to prove to her that， you know。

 they have something in common。 But sometimes you guys will have commonalities。

If you'd like to go out， if you're into nightlife， you can build commonalities based on that。

When you find the commonality。You can exaggerate it。😡，And blow it up。

So that she gets excited about it。In my opinion。One of the ways to legitimize the commonality。

Is also to be very open about differences。 Let her， let her to therapy。 is let her show you why。

 why her opinion is cool。 And then， you know， you can grow to understand her。 And then later。

 when you do find commonalities。It legitimizes those commonalities。 You know。

 if a girl were to say to you， I like。Apples。And you say， I hate apples。

She's going to try to convince you on apples， but later。When she says that she likes oranges。

And you say that you like oranges， you found a legitimate common ground there。So keep that in mind。

Girls love a guy who will just speak his mind， who will just say what he really thinks。

Who's not trying to be agreeable？But inevitably， you will have those commonalities。

 and you can really bring those up and focus on them and build a fun understanding out of that。

The next one is， okay， this is kind of like a pimp1。 You guys know how， you know。

 Pimps sort of sort of the art of pimping， like how the the way pimps。Sort of build that attachment。

With their hose， I think one of the biggest ways that。

The Pimps do that is something that they call understanding and demonstrating authority in her world。

Understanding and demonstrating authority in her world。

That's kind of like the stereotype that you see， know， the model， young model。

 she comes into Hollywood。She doesn't really know what's going on。And when you understand that world。

 she's going to gravitate towards that。When you understand her world， you understand her。

What qualification does？it mixes that out？When you see when you start to get good at approaching women。

 what you're going to find， you can get a conversation going， you can get them laughing。

 you can get them attracted to you， but you'll find that you'll hit a roadblock。

 you'll hit a certain roadblock because no matter how attracted to you they are。

 there's still that resistance there。 allification does is it trumps that out。

Qualification gives you the reason to call her。Obviously， girls are not stupid。

 they understand that every guy that talks them probably has some kind of other interests。

 they understand that， but the point is is that when you've created some other kind of reason she can focus on that it's the same thing as when you say to a girl。

 know let me know I'll show you some of my home videos。She understands。What that's about。

 but she's going to focus on the home videos because she's having a good time and the interaction is just moving forward。

 so that's okay。That is what qualification does， it gives you that reason。

It gives a reason for you guys to get to know each other better， so understand that。Another great。

 useful qualification。Is using the emotionally unexplained。

Say that you have say that you're talking to a girl and you really like this girl。

 you feel good around her， you want to see her again。😡。

But there's not really anything about her that you can pinpoint， that you could qualify her on。

That's a very common thing。Especially know a lot of the time， the more attractive the girl。

 the less developed her personality is， but you there still might be something about her energy or the fact she's attractive that makes you want to see her again。

In that case， focus on dad。 Just tell her I'm having a great time。

 I feel really good around you right now。😊，You know， I feel comfortable around you。

 I feel good around you， I'm having a great time。You know， I want to hang out with you more。

 Whatever it is。 The point is you can use that emotionally unexplained。

 It doesn't have to be a concrete reason that you can find。

 You can use that emotionally unexplained aspect。In order to justify why you should continue the interaction。

Next one。Let me tell you guys about a girl who I was dating for a while。When we first met。

 I really liked this girl。And she was telling me about how。嗯。

She'd done really well in one of her courses。She told me about that， She told me about how， you know。

 she was you doing this kind of like thing where she was helping out kids that didn't have。

That didn't have parents or something to that effect。 It was just a long time ago。 And what I did。

Was I told her？I got a terrible mark in that course。See。

 she told me she got a good mark in a certain course。

 and I told her why I got a terrible mark in that course。

What that does is it shows that she has something a piece of herself。I don't have。

So whenever a girl says something to impress you。Be impressed。If she's working to gain your approval。

Give her your approval。Because that's going to happen。Show her why that is meaningful to you。

If you can do that。What's going to happen is she's going to feel like a better person around you。

A lot of you guys have probably been in relationships before where the girl who you were dating viewed you in this amazing way。

And you felt like a better person around her。And if you broke up。

 it might have shattered you because you didn't feel like you're that person anymore。

 in a lot of ways you might have depended on that girl to be the person who you want to be or to feel like the person who you want to be。

When you can qualify and grow properly， she feels like she's the person who she wants to be around you。

And that's almost part of the basis of love。So that's how you can make a really。

 really strong bond with a girl who you just met is by letting her be the person who she wants to be around you。

Another great qualifier。Its something we call misdirection。So say that you say to a girl。You know。

Do you have a belly button ring？She'll answer， but then when you meet you can look down。

 know Pu shouldn't have a look。And whichever one she has， say， okay， good。

Because you hate the other one， you hate the opposite one。 So say that you know。

 do you have a belly button ring， She says you go， okay， good， know。

 I can't stand anyone girl doesn't have a belly button ring。Do you have a belly bud ring？ You look。

 she doesn't have it。 Go。 O， I hate it when girls have a belly bud ring。 Whatever it is， you just。

 you can focus on that。In fact， this one is almost absurd。 If you guys try this out。

 you'll see the result with it It pretty pretty funny， actually。

 is if a girl has a belly button ring and you looked at and said， you have a belly button ring。

 you can't show me that。I'll fall in love with you。 Do not show me that。 Don't show it to me。

 Don't show it to me。 And and usually even if the girl doesn' even like you， she'll。

 she'll start pulling your head down， trying to make you look at it。 Whatever it is。

 they'll constantly do that。 Girls just love it when guys fall in love with them。

 So they want guys who they even don't like to fall in love with them。

 But the funny thing is that when you do that， you're getting her to move towards you。

So that's a great one。You know， if you think about it。😡，Qualification。You。

 the most legitimate form of qualification。To me， there's really two。 if I were to size it up。

 there's really two。Very legitimate。Forms of qualification。The first one is having standards。

When you have standards and you know what you want in a woman。You can give her those standards。

 you can talk about it。And she can work to show you why she has those qualities。That， to me。

 is just one of the most powerful forms。Of qualification， talking about that。

 I think a lot of you guys probably don't use that when you talk to women。

 you never stop to think about that。 But when you can talk to her about， you know what you like。 And。

 you know， to me， I'll never frame it as， you know。

 what I wanted in a girlfriend or anything like that。 I'll just frame it as。

 You know what I think is cool in a person。 You know， what I think is cool in a person。

 That's generally how I do it。When you can get her to work to show you why she has those qualities。

Not only are you demonstrating to her that you're a man of standards and you're not just like every other guy who just wants any hawk girl that comes along。

You're also giving her motivation to live up， to be the person who you want her to be if you start dating。

😡，For example， for me。Dating girls who smoke drives me nuts。

I don't really like to get to day girls of smoke。So that's one of my criteria。You know， I'm not。

 I'm not into that， so。I might say to a girl， you don't smoke do you。I can't stand that。

 usually even if she smokes， she'll say no。Because that's how it works。 She'll say no。 Then。

 of course， when we start dating。Whenever she wants to go smoke， she'll run outside， You know。

 she'll go hide it for me， which is great。 because then I don't have to deal with it。 fantastic。

 I've seen this because I， you know， I'll see the cigarettes lying around eventually。

 and I'll admit it。 And I've actually， it's kind of interesting。

 almost every girl that I've ever dated。😊，Who smokes has quit smoking？While it be in a relationship。

 almost every single one quit smoking， not all of them。

 but just about because they just get used to hiding it， and then they realize that it's stupid。

 then they quit。 And I think that's really cool。And then the other most potent form of qualification is just having a good vibe together。

You know， people do meet without intentionally qualifying each other， that's obvious。

Having a great vibe together。Just makes it obvious that you guys should hang out together。

 That's what it comes down to。 When you can create a great vibe， qualification will handle itself。

 So remember that。Let's talk phone numbers。How to get the number？

First thing I'd like to say to you guys is。😡，Try for the number of every girl who you approach。😡。

The scary yeah。You're going to try for the number of every girl who you approach。Why is that。

First of all， you want it on autopilot。You want that。To be something that you do。

You want getting a number to always be。An automatic thing。There's more reasons for it， too。

You never know which girl will'll call you back。You never know。 So always go for that number。 Now。

 when you go for the number， there's different ways you can do it。Most obvious one。

 give me your number。That's obvious， a lot of guys overthink this。Let's hang out later。

Get your phone out。 Here's my number。Can I call me。That's another great one， why does that work well？

Especially if you're in a place where cell phones， you know， cell phones are free。 I don't know。

 Someone's watching this in another country where cell phones are expensive。

 but assuming it's free after hours or cheap， say here， punch in my number。

 As soon as you say punch in my number。The girl thinks you're another chump。Who is giving。Her。

 his number that she does't have to call back。So she'll put it in either way。

 she no girl will have a problem with putting your number into her phone。You go， okay， now call it。

Then when it calls it now you have each other's number and say， cool。

 we have each other's number because I don't pick up numbers that are blocked， great。

 got the number easy。Another one that I mentioned before， this is for newbie's。

 If you want an easy way to get a number， you could get a number off of a girl。

Probably within about 30 seconds of opening by saying this。You say， arere you drunk？You're drunk。

 aren't you？No， you're drunk。You know what， we could hung out。Yeah， we could have hung out。

 We could have had fun together， but you're drunk。 and you won't remember if I call you， will you。

 You won't remember。Of course， she's going to say，" no， I'll remember， even if she just met you。

 it doesn't even make any sense。Boom， she'll force her number on you bang， she will force her number。

 that number on you so fast。 It's something funny， Why is that。

 is that elastic band Snback affecting that I was talking about yesterday？

As soon as you say you're drunk， you won't remember me， she's going to want to prove to you， yes。

 I will she'll give the number， does that mean that that girl is going going to return your phone call if you leave a message。

 No doesn't mean that。But it is a good way to get a number from a girl in a bind。

If you just want to work on getting more numbers。All right， now。

 let me give you guys an example of a sort of a sequence to get a number。

 One of the ways that I like to get a number is I like to mix in qualification。With my， you know。

Request for the number。 I'll build that in。So an example of that， you know。

 I talked about it yesterday， One of the ways that here's a way that I used to close out quite a lot。

 I'll say I used to say all the time you see this。You used to get like 10 phone numbers and I like this。

 I'd say， you know， you're either one of the coolest people I've ever met。're like a total weirdo。

She'll laugh at that。 And then I'll say， were you ever a fat kid in high school。Well， you。

 the reason why I asked that。Is because know， you have like these cool personality traits。

And like these kind of like funny little mannerisms。

I would have thought only like a fat kid could develop something like that。So I don'。

 I guess I was complimenting you。 I was saying， you you have the personality。Of a fat girl。

You have a fat girl。Personality。I think that's so cool。ISo you know what？

For the same reason why we both met， I think that's the same reason we both have to go right now。

 which is you have to go back to your friends。I have to go back to my friends。

See if we both had no friends， then we could have hung out the whole night。In our own loser potty。

But we can't do that。So you have to go to your friends I have to go to my friends。You know what。

 Do you have a phone on you here， punch us in。 cool， Okay， call it。 right， awesomesome。

 You know what， I'll give you a call later。 Okay， awesome， go back to your friends。

 Have a great night。😊，Done。Now， if you look at what I did there。What I'm doing is I've built in。

Qualification。Into the number。I've used the emotionally unexplained stuff like， you know。

 we're having fun together。 you're totally quirky and funny。 What you're basically saying is。

 you know， what you can qualify on is you have all these quirky mannerisms。

 You're so quirky and funny and interesting。 You're not really explaining it。

 You haven't really told her what she's done this quirky。 You're funny。 You're interesting。

 You just said it。And chances are she'll probably believe that because probably she is que and funny and interesting。

 So you say that。 And then what you're all saying， you have to go to your friends。

 I have to go to my friends。 What you're basically saying is we're both social people。

 we both have a lot of friends it would make sense that we would both hang out and maybe mix peer groups or whatever。

 but we'll do that later because we both have to go back to our friends。

 That's a great way to round out to go for a number because you're basically giving her。

 know when you go to college， she goes， okay， you know， he's a cool guy， He's got a lot of friends。

 he's giving me call。 it says a lot of the right things。 I've had a lot of success with that one。

 had a lot of know a lot of callbacks of that。 but。You know。

 really come up with your own way to close out whatever it is。Have a way to quickly qualify it。

And get that number， and wrap it up。If you have that。As funny as it sounds， your life will change。

Your life will change because remember we talked yesterday about having that default way to open。

Default way to quickly hook。Quickly get a vibe going， get touching going。Quick way to qualify。

 quick way to get number。 If you have those things， you have those little pieces。

 your life will change because every woman who you talk to。You comm mirror like that。 It's automatic。

 It's an automatic thing。So have those pieces， find one that you like， so important。

