# 18、RSD泰勒 《基础与高级游戏》：正宗社交力学 DVD 8【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

You know，When girls start asking if you're a player， I think that's a good direction。

 But what I started to notice is that I don't get that anymore。Which I think is interesting。

 So what I think I think that you get to a point where know things really。

 I've talked a lot about things coming full circle。

 I think that when you get to a point where it's truly who you are。

That it's not verbalized anymore at that point， but I mean， the are you a salesman。

 I think probably you're coming across。Well， I don't know let me add before I say how do you think you're coming across that might be listing that My guess is it happens almost 10 I would say 100% of the time when I get the question。

 the momentum and everything is going how often are you get getting this question not that often but I get it and it's usually I'm getting the girl I already know I've got the girl she's everything's going perfect but then her friends。

 it's almost like it's too smooth and they say。And they hit me with that one and I just look and think。

 God， I wish I had a nickel for every time I've heard this question， I'll be retired。 Okay。

 so you think that you're being a bit too smooth。Could be but I need a reply to the。

 are you a salesman， I'm just wondering if you've ever heard someone else say。

 you know are you a salesman does anyone have anyone ones for that are you buying I like that？老 sale。

We're all salesman。Salesman dating。Either you're selling you or I'm selling me。

 I'm going to search online for the answer， I think。 I don't know。 I like his answer。

 Are you salesman， you buy him。Youve got to be careful， though。

 because when you have the perfect answer to a question， you know what that also communicates， right？

Commun， you get it a lot。You see I'm saying， which communicates that you're。

Involve with a lot of girls and carrying on a lot of conversations with a lot of females let me tell you something interesting I think yeah。

 I think that being known as a guy who a lot of women want is a good thing。

Even being known as a guy who's had sex with a lot of girls can be a good thing。

 but being known as a guy who deliberately tries to have sex with lot of girls for some weird reason。

 that's like a kind of a bad thing right because because I used to get that confused guy because I like I was like social proof Yes so I was like okay if I take a girl on day two。

 I also approach other girls in front of her and she'll see how much they like me it'll be tight right。

That's not to sucks， sucks okay so that's the thing is like what happened in that case in those cases they're just like you're lame because it's obviously in reaction it's obviously I'm trying to get approval So you know anything that you do that looks like you're trying to get approval is not good right so you want to look like a guy who being around the block maybe but the point is is that I mean Kate let's imagine like Ken Reeves or Matthew McCony guys like that guys that are so folks on their craft that women is almost like a side of that and then know women will probably throw themselves up them constantly and they probably just like okay okay and they'll do it but that's very different from a guy who's doing approach。

 approach， approach， approach， approach that's a very different kind of thing。

 In fact if you go to like a lot of exclusive parties。

Youll almost find that approaching is someone frowned upon because they just like guys to chill and it should just happen naturally kind of thing societys very big on the whole idea that this should happen naturally so you want to kind of try to go with the flow on that one because you you're not going to go against the current usually I think some girls。

There's in the same way that for freaky huge bodybuilders。

 there's like a subset of girls that love those guys， likewise。

 know for guys that are very obviously pish， there's a subset of girls that like those kind of guys。

 but overall I don't think coming across like a salesman or player is a good thing。

You know a lot of the time it comes from not making enough natural mistakes like for example。

 if you say for example， you learn a lot of material and you just stack it one after another。

 a lot of the time it can come across as unnatural because it's too smooth it just doesn't make sense that you talk like that like who talks like that and you know I think something like are you an actor could be cool are you a comedian kind of cool。

 maybe not so cool depending on the context of it， are you a salesman now we're going down you know a notch right？

I mean， that's my semi professionalession opinion on that， so yeah。

All right guys was there any other questions before I proceeded the second approach that I went up to I did the you know the jealous girlfriend or not the jealous girlfriend。

 the best friend routine and the girl apparently like was all she basically attacked she's like I know this I've heard it before you know what are you going to nag me now and I'm like it just totally totally freaked me out she's like I know you got to ahead of a book It's a let me tell you something。

Two years ago when I found out that this was going to happen。

I immediately dropped all material and started from scratch immediately， forget about material。

 it's over， Great ride， ride is done， I'm going to focus on building 100%。

Quote unquote natural game and that's actually why I took so long to put out the blueprint was because I really wanted to think about what it meant to be a natural and you know what it would take to get 100% off of material。

 Some of you guys might notice that I did not teach a lot of material in the seminar and。

This is the reason why because it's becoming very common now and anything that I teach on this is also going to be all over the place and just gets played out。

 I think material is great and I try to give you guys the exact amount of material that you need to go for a few minutes to help you out。

 but from there I think you guys are going to have to go without it， the biggest shift。

 let me tell you the biggest shift when you're using material。Using Chineses。

 I have been around the block of material， so I know a bit about it。

The biggest shift that you're going to find when you go off of it is you're not going to get that initial。

Kind of buying temperature spike。 You're not going to get that initial explosive reaction from the girl that you're used to。

 See if you're used to going in there with。For example， gels Sc for an opener。

That's the old Ne opener he says。He says， arere you guys？He says。

 you know I need a female opinion on something My friend got caught with a picture with pictures of his ex-gir in the top drawer by his current girlfriend and she's angry at him does she have the right to be angry right So you say that opener is going to blow right open right and the girls will be very excited about it and then if you say。

 here are you guys best friends？You know， every time you guys have a to talk。

 you look at each other first。 again， you're going to get a great explosive reaction。 But， you know。

 you know what your mind is saying， Your mind is saying to you。That is how it's supposed to look。

Every time。And when you don't get that reaction， it can actually mess with you because your entire internal calibration system is being thrown off。

You know， when you shift that to。Hey， what are you guys drinking？It's a very。

 very different kind of approach。You're not going to get the same initial reaction so they might answer you。

 you keep talking， it might not even go playful or really hook that strongly for several minutes。

 but when it does hook， it's going to hook。And remember too， that when you do that。

 when you call the girl on the phone the next day？You've got the exact same energy level from the IP4。

 It's totally natural right because you didn't pump or state up through the roof。

 You kept it at a sustainable level。 you know， you pumped it up a bit。

 but you kept it at a sustainable level。 So now when you go to call the next day。

 it's like the same guys Conger， you didn't push her too far out of character。

Bang your clothes rate goes up So maybe your opening rate goes down 1020% you know from 100 down to like 85% but your conversion rate went up like triple okay so that's what that was my experience when I went away from that kind of material and when I went towards just more kickback that was really my experience and it does take time not to get that initial indicator of interest like when you're used to getting in that initial indicator of interest and you don't get it flip you out but you know the work is worth the rewards So I'd encourage you to try both you know play with everything I think it's good do we have one more question before I ask about was a quick comment on like if you're in Starbucks or something like that when you want to talk to a girl it's crowded。

 everybody's there watching you or for instance， if you're in the mall and you walk into a store and a girl that you want to talk to and you get a little conversation going but then she's got to get back to work So how do you end that one one with Starbucks how do you okay last question do last one first。

 do you remember that qualification phone clothes thing that I gave you。

Where you say you know you've got to go， you've got to go do what you've got to do like you could switch you could modify it right。

 you've got to go back to your work， I've got to go back to my work。

 we weren't such busy people we could hang out longer so you could take that same angle to me。

The shorter。That's something like the shorter the pickup。The more that you've got to。

 like this is just， you know this is my opinion is different philosophies on this。

 so I encourage you to make your own decisions， but my opinion is the shorter，The pickup。

 the more non commitmittal and non threatening you want to make that phone number right if I've only talked to a girl for two minutes。

 I barely know that girl。😡，You know， play the angle of you just seem kind of like some kind of funky。

 interesting person。 I'm gonna give you a call because I'm impulsive。 I'm just that kind of guy。

 I'm just a very impulsive kind of guy。 that's the kind of you might not want to verbalize that。

 but that's what you want to communicate that you're that kind of guy then when you call her she's like oh yeah there's that fun guy he's calling me then you talk her on the phone now you've got a different situation because you can really work on the phone you see in person you can do even better but I mean in the end of the day know two minute phone number it is what it is right I mean it's a very unsolid。

 unpredictable phone number and you could just call and see what you think because that's a really awesome question I love doing that That's one of my favorite things to do when I'm in something like a Starbucks。

And there's a girl there。If I use my voice properly。That's going to project over everybody around me。

 they're all going to look。NowNow we're kind of playing with fire here。 this is kind of tricky。

 All right， So you've got to really enjoy it。 You've got to be doing this as a hobbyist。

 That's why you do it so。😊，When you see that and you go to open。

 what you'll see is she'll turn towards you。 But a lot of time the entire room turns towards you。

 Okay now if you go。Like that， right， you're out of there， okay， you're done。

So what you do is you open。And you look her just the same way I'm looking at you right now and everyone's going to be looking at you。

 you don't look at them okay， you just stay right on her， all right。

 you stay right on there and what's going to happen is her subconscious mind is going to process the entire room reacting to you。

And it's also going to process that you're congruent to it。

 that you're in alignment with it because by not responding to it。

 it implies that you get it all the time like you're some kind of movie star or something because a movie star who's used to having everyone staring at him。

 whatever goes by his business because that's what he's used to on a dayto-day basis The fact that he's a movie star is's not what's attracteding the girl It's his social proof So if you can talk to that girl and people are looking and your voice doesn't change and you just keep doing exactly what you were doing you see attraction through the roof。

 it's ridiculous， It's so funny， It's very， it's comical right if you guys have ever read like the workshop testimonials where a guys say some crazy thing they thought that's the kind of like silly stuff that we do。

 it's actually very easy to do， but from a guy who's never seen it before。

 he's pretty pretty shocked by it right because the thing is。When you do that。

 you just 100% congruent to it。Her state will shoot up like you have never seen。

 I've even seen girls。 Okay you guys might recognize this you guys who go out a lot when a girl goes really estate。

 she starts clapping。 Have you guys ever seen that one have you ever seen it， Okay。

 some of you guys have seen it or sometimes if they're sitting down， look like this。Like that。

Like that's hilarious and I totally tease them on I go。Like that， right， just bust them on it。Yeah。

 when you say something a girl just think is hilarious， they'll do that， right。

 they'll do this funny funny little thing like you pump my state well。Like that totally weird thing。

 so yeah， I mean with the Starbucks one， look， I mean， I do you know what。

 I do the same kind of thing on buses。If I ever take a bus。

 I travel sometimes sometimes faster take the bus。 I'll get on the bus。And immediately。

 as I get on the bus， I'll be joking around with the bus driver， so I'll be joking with them。

And the girls you'll see the girls' heads turn up。 you see the guys's heads turn up to。

 if you guys know what I'm talking about know some big dude。

 some interesting looking guy gets on the bus， everyone's just kind of curious they look。

 And so as I walk through， that's kind of that flaunt it。

 that sort of flaunt attitude that you have where you you just kind walk on and you just kind look around。

 everyone can see you you know they're looking at you right you're cool with it。

 you might make little comments， you make a little joke， that person starts laughing at it。

 everyone sees it。 And the girls are all looking the girls are all hoping that you'll sit beside her。

 then you go sip beside that girl， she's probably gonna either open you。

 you say one thing what's up bangang， you've got traction because you've got those people reacting to you and they're not reacting to you like in a freaky way。

 but they're reacting to you in a kind of a cool way。 So I think that I mean。

 that's that same thing with Starbucks， you can play that up And if you play it up Yeah you you'll see a very interesting result。

Here do you want to re ask that question with the mic quickly I was just wondering about the girl that's what I always thought you know that I'm going to start talking to this girl that everybody's going to be looking so that she's going get nervous and then the whole thing just gets well if you hit on her publicly then yes。

If you hit on her publicly， then you've put her in a situation。

 this is why I'm kind of against like hitting on girls because if you hit on her。

 then it's obvious that it's an approach。 but remember if you don't say anything that's hitting on her as far as the other people are concerned。

 it's just your friend。You see it so also what you'll also kind of find。

When a girl really goes into state。She kind of forgets about a lot of things。

She just kind of she's kind of in this world that you pulled her into。 It's kind of interesting。

 like you know， you can start talking to her and she'll just get so sucked into it if anyone else tries to talk to her she won't be able to hear them it's very。

 very interesting stuff and you know it sounds。It might sound weird， might sound tricky。

But just like a lot of you know illusions or anything else out there。

 they're a lot simpler than they seem like if you actually tried to do what I said and you tried to do it like 10 times by the 10th time you'd be like oh yeah you'd be like oh yeah。

 I'm getting it you'll figure it out know so yeah give it a try Yeah I'm sure you'll enjoy it when you're thinking of new material and taking it to to another level。

 what is the mindset you're using or your thought pattern on new material Well in the sense of like well you know jealous girlfriend。

 how can that be taken to another level or made into different material Okay。Okay。

 the first thing that I would say is。Avoid saying I need a female opinion before your opener。

I really liked that I needed a female opinion， I think it's really cool。

 but now that it's becoming so common， I'll avoid that， you know other ones are just asking quick。

 short questions。Asking for a song name。You can't， you know， you can't copyright that one。

 right You can't I mean， you can't， you know， normal guys ask those kinds of questions。 So I mean。

 for me， I think the biggest transition。For stuff like that， you know。

 if you want to stick with that kind of structure is just dumb it down a little bit。

 simplified a little bit， modified a little bit， I mean， you know you're a smart guy。

 I know you can do it for some guys。That might require a bit more creativity than is within their capacity。

 but the fact of the matter is if they lack that creativity。

 that's probably the area they should be working on anyway。Yeah。

 but I mean for me I really move towards the style as passive as possible and focusing more on the body language the confidence。

 the state， that kind of thing because you know the secrets out right so you know might as well just see what else we can do trying and figure out no one else are gonna do it I know that so I figured me and me and the RSD boys might as well figured out and you've been out on a couple boot camps and you've probably seen them doing that kind of stuff and seen the results with it so yeah we can get a phenomenal result with that too pretty similar to when we to do a lot of structure so it's kind of cool I'm gonna go over a couple more abstract concepts and then what we'll do is after that we'll wrap it up with some practical stuff and and finish it out Oh and by the way before we do that。

You had a question about how to manage multiple relationships。Over yeah。

 so he has what's called a quality problem。He has more girls than he can handle。

 you're juggling right now。Different people have different opinions on this。呃。

Some of the different schools of thoughts on this。See， I've personally always had trouble with it。

It's hard to keep up with all that。I've heard different schools of thought。

 some people say that you should tell the girl straightight out， I'm seeing other people。

Now I've done that。And what happened to me in a couple different cases was the girl who I told that to。

At first she's like she's like， what does that mean， she's kind of。

 you know you're seeing other people and then I sold her on it， I so be free to sold her on it。

And then she just goes out and hooks up with like five guys in like three weeks and then in one case then what happened she did that and then she starts crying。

  oh God， I'm a slut， what have you done to me and then she just started dating one of those other guys and dumped me and that was it。

That one sucked。呃。You know， but。You know，I've seen other times， especially when you travel。

A lot of the time when you travel， if that girl can feel that you have no expectations from her。

Then a lot of the times she'll be very comfortable with that because。You know。

 she knows that you're kind of just in and out， so you'll see that kind of thing。嗯。

You know it's kind of tricky to do it without hurt feelings， some girls can handle it。

 some girls can't。You know， a good friend of mine， Alex。Really great with women。

And he always has a few different girlfriends going and usually they're all heartbroken。

 they're all just like， you know， but it makes them like a more。

And you guys might think right now all that's so tight。

 like I've got all these girls fighting over each other and they're all said they want me。

 it sounds good， you guys might think that breaking up with someone is like， yeah。

 it's better to break up with someone than to be broken up with。Okay。

 breaking up with peoples sucks when you break up with a girl and you see her hurt and that's like you're a girl who you spend time with。

 that is heartbreaking man， that sucks so。Yeah， I think as far as how to handle that。

 the general way that the general school thought on it is be open about it。

just be real about it and a lot of girls will accept it and a lot of them will。

 but I've also seen things go wonky。I't done this be my experience you know because that's one thing I always try to speak from experience。

 And so you know， I've seen what other people are doing， but if it's not something that I did。

 I'm not gonna to pass it off as you know， I did that for me。

 I've personally had pretty consistently poor luck with that。 but with girls that are。

That understand that it's casual， you can have a lot of luck with that。

 that can be fine if girls are cool with that。It's fine， the thing with you， I think。Is。

Are like you're like a fairly well established guy？

So the thing is is that you're listing a lot of those provider triggers in those girls， right。

 it's like if you were like a 021 year old guy kind of running around a motorcycle，You know。

 you're gonna be getting a very different response。

 but what's probably happening with you is you're pulling these girls hook up with them in the whole like lover frame like you know the seducer frame。

 but then once they go out with you a couple times they see what you could provide for them and it starts triggering those other things It starts triggering in different instincts I've had that exact same experience where。

I'll start dating a girl。And it'll be cool at first， like when you first start dating a girl。

And you have just， you you've slept with her within like three hours of meeting her and you're that that hot guy that just。

 you know you just pulled her in your round and you're like almost more like a fantasy。

 you could take that girl and you could be and you might have not even had a real conversation with her yet because everything is just all like playful and just crazy and you could say to her we're gonna to go out。

 we're gonna get another woman tonight。And she'll be like， okay， done， you know。

 and she'll go out with you and she'll help you do that because it's all a fantasy。 It's all。

 it's all crazy。 But once you actually started to be real with her and like， you know。

 get to know her really well and she knows you。 And you've brought out those。😊。

Those domestication instincts。And you suggest something like that？Oh， dude。

RightThat's not cool you know so I mean unless the girl is like legitimately by right so yeah。

 I mean there's different you know there' different things。

 but you know I'm not gonna to claim expertise on that area because you know I'm in my first real relationship right now Im really enjoying it learning a lot from it so know I would like to maybe talk about my relationship experience in some other product at some point and even then I'll probably admit it's limited know but I've learned a couple things about relationships。

😊，No other am。Okay， okay， if I were to give my quick five minute run down on relationships。

 is that you guys want to hear about this or yeah， okay， okay， why I have a girlfriend？Roxana。

 some of you guys a met her。Just comes out on bootc， sometimes helps out real aggressive。

 if you guys have met her， she's Latin。So she likes guys that dominate， that's what she likes。

Whenever she'll see a guy who's either more alpha than me or better looking than me。

 she starts getting cranky that's what she'll get very testy and cranky。

 I tell her this all the time and she denies it， but over and over she does it extremely predictable。

What' will happen is like you know we'll be watching some like sports show or something。

 she'll be attracted to some guy and I'll know this even though she doesn't say it's obvious。

 and then of course she'll get cranky with me。Now if I start indulging it。

 like let's work through it， work through the problems， then of course she gets more angry。

It goes crazy， So I can't do that。 So with Roxanana。You know， I'm a lot more likely just to be like。

Are you fucking crazy？不。 on the as phase。😊，So that's what she wants right it's like when she gets upity with me。

 she just wants me to reasert dominus， that's what she wants， she doesn't want me to be passive。

 she very much wants me to reassert dominance。But bear in mind。

 I think one of the reasons why I've had success so far in my relationship is because。

I've done the things that I said I'll do like I have been very reasonable。

 I've been reasonable in my relationship as best as I can。 if she has an issue。

 like you know I'll hear it out， I'll listen to it， you know if I screwed up。

 I'll apologize I think a lot of guys lack the ability to apologize from a place of power like if I've done something wrong。

 I'll be like。You know， that was terrible， I apologize and we won't do it again if she keeps going with that。

 hey。I apologize to you okay what's going on right oh no no it's okay， it's okay right。

 she'll chill out so I think the real reason why I've had success in my relationship is probably because I'm very focused on what I'm doing。

 very， very focused on real social dynamics。嗯。So whenever she kind of messes with my head in any accidental way。

 I'm sure she doesn' do it on purpose， but whenever she does something messes with my head。

 the way that my mind is computing it is，How does this affect RSD？

And you know how it affects her it doesn't at all right it has no effect on it so when she does that I don't have a strong reaction to it and if I'm doing something wrong I can admit it。

 but for the most part I have no reaction that's what David Data who wrote the book The Way of the Superor Man。

 he calls that being on your purpose and he says what David data says that your purpose cannot be your woman because if your purpose is your woman。

 then the thing that attracts her to you is gone。Because you've lost that polarity between masculine and feminine energy。

 so because I feel like because I have strong sense of purpose， I can stay on that path。

 but at the same time in a relationship and some of you guys might have experienced this。

 if you're very focused on your business， a lot of stressful things can happen in your business and if you take that if you let that stress carry over into your relationship time。

You're done that will completely strip your relationship a woman and this is actually I think another thing David data sayst completely matches my experience。

 a woman would rather have an hour and a half a day with you where you are quote unquote fully present where you are there for her and you're listening to her and you're really with her then 10 hours a day where you're kind of distracted。

 kind of focusing on other things so it's like you know with my girlfriend。knowIt's like。

 I kind of like the fact that I have to take a break from work and enjoy some time with her。

Because it forces me not just to work all the time so with her。

You know I'll try to be really there for just have a good time。

 just really enjoy the interaction and of course she craves that because it's so much fun so yeah I think that's why we have a good relationship I'm just I'm doing what I'm doing。

 I'm not really too worried about anything that's coming from her if it's legitimate， I'll admit it。

 I'm very reasonable I try to do the things that I say that I'll do。

 I don't promise anything that I'm not going to do。And。Yeah。

 I mean she you know she'll follow me anywhere， you know I took her back to Kingston this year。

 a little town in the middle of snow living in a little room you know for college and she seemed to enjoy it so oh and one last thing before I move on from it。

I really made sure that she's growing。 So I think that a couple of this days together grows together。

 So because I'm always evolving， I make sure she's always evolving。 So for example。

 when I go to the gym。A lot of guys will say I can't get my girlfriend to live waste with me because girls think they're going to get huge which if only it was that easy know and like I don't want to look like a big steroids guy。

 Yeah， awesome， I don't even look like a big steroidy guy thanks so the thing is。

You know if I say let's go to the gym， I'm not going to say， okay， honey。

 you know you're not going to look like a big Sarah's guy。

 I'm going to go what come on lets go right just bring in the gym here lift this is heavy。

 just lift it boom just tell her what you want and then she's like okay friend does it because she likes that sort of commanding。

But I also I encourage her to read good books， get her to work on her own career， she used to smoke。

 she quits smoking， she doesn't drink， how did I mix out smoking。

 simple just don't do that stop stop right I just ni it out some women are not going put up with that though some women will not go for that remember she's la and she's Mexican so she comes from a different culture than a lot of American girls。

 American girls are not cool at that My previous relationship before Roxana。

Was a girl from my hometown and I remember that if I was aggressive with her。

 whoa she was freaked out I remember once even being at a club and she was sitting in this direction and I was sitting in this direction and I remember her saying me I thought this interesting she said to me。

You're like leaning into me， you're like， it's unattractive。

Because some girls they really want you to be in your own reality。

 they want you to be doing what you're doing and they want to be the ones that chase you around like an oak tree。

 they're like the squirrel running around the oak tree if you start to act like the squirrel traction gone right some girls don't even want you to initiate sex they want you to just go about your life and when they see you doing that they get attracted and then they'll initiate other girls are passive they want you to initiate so you can sort of get a sense whenever you data girl what makes her attracted。

 what qualities make her attracted and then from that point。

I don't think that you should necessarily react to it。

 I think you have to come to a decision of whether or not that matches what you're about enough that you want to stay with that girl because the number one mistake the guys say。

 they say how do I keep that girl， I want to learn a relationship game I say screw relationship game because if you're in a relationship。

 you should just be doing whatever you naturally do。

 maybe being a bit more considerate some of the stuff I talked about here but for the most part。

 if you're having to change yourself on the long term just to keep a girl there that sucks。

 that is terrible relationship no matter how hot the girl is you should be enjoying it and enjoying each other with a more natural size of your personality and when I see a lot of guys do what they'll tend to do。

Like as learning to get good with women， you'll wind up hooking up with if you want to go like a rating style here。

 which I think is kind of obnoxious， I'll just use it， you get a bunch of sevens， right。

 you get a lot， then you get like the odd eight， but then as soon as you get a nine。

 you hear it same thing。I actually like this girl， that's the person they say， I actually like her。

 like as if they should have to use a word actually to justify they like a girl。

 and then they say they'll say，I want to keep this one， this one's a keeper。

 and they'll try and keep her。Even though they probably dated girls who would have been way better in a relationship。

Previously， let me tell you this。You know， I really， I'm very physically attracted to my girlfriend。

But at the same time， once you've been in a relationship for about half a year。I don't know， man。

 they pretty much all look the same their personality is what is what's going to be doing it for you。

 so if you don't like your girlfriend's personality。

 it doesn't matter what she looks like I think Dennis Robin was the guy that said you know for every hawker you see there's some other guys sick of fucking。

And it's the gods honest truth。You know when you're with the girl for a long period of time。

 it's no longer about the physical attraction it's about she's your friend， you work。

 you bounce well off of each other and you're basically like more or less best friends that's what it comes down to so to me that's where a relationship。

We can really shine。You're both growing from it。Okay。

Let me go back to that whole value taker concept for you guys。Value givers versus value takers。

So I said to you guys a value giver。Is someone who offers value just by their individuality。

By their presence imagine we had。You know， someone who has a really cool guys in this room。

And just by him being here， that is offering value to the room。That's offering。You know。

 it' making the room a better place。 That， to me， is what offering values is about。More importantly。

Offering value。Is about dictating a vibe around you。This is very important stuff。

 got to understand this。When you're approaching a woman and you're joking around with her。

It has to be the case that you're joking around there because it's something that you like to do。

 you like to dictate a certain vibe around you， you like to dictate，You know。

 the emotions that go on around you。That's really what it comes down to when you do that。

And you're joking around with that girl。She knows it's real。She knows that that's。

That's just who you are， so you're not giving your power away。When you guys think about that。

 let's think about what is the definition of giving away your power。

 Does anyone have any suggestions on that， anyone want to take a stab at it？

What it means to give away your power。You would power someone else。You put so else on pass。

Yeah here why don't we do We got to get those mics like super sprint Yeah okay so what do you think could be example of giving away your power You put someone else on a pedestal overvalue everything that they say and kind of devalue what you are and who you are about Yeah it's like you let your own sense of who you are be affected by their reaction to you right Yeah。

 that's a great example Does anyone have any other tad from that。

Your hand in the steering wheel of whatever is going on to someone else Ably yeah。

 and yours want to throw your what was yours giving away your identity？Yeah， giving away。

 allowing them to dictate your identity to you， yeah， definitely， definitely。To me。

 giving away your power。😡，You can offer value without giving your power away because you know that you have your own things going on。

 that's key， you know you have your own things going on even in that club。

 you've got your own things going on。😡，You don't need anything from anybody。

You'd be dictating that exact same positive vibe around you。😡，Whether other people were there or not。

So that that girl knows that if she were to walk away from you。

 you'd still be having the exact same fun if she weren't there。

That is what it means to not give away your power， that she understands that you'd be having that same fun。

 whether she was there or not， and iss very attractive。

Very attractive quality because it makes you uncontrollable。

 and it makes you someone whose validation she would want。

A sort of working model for this that I came up with that really helped me。Was this。

 this was something that really helped me， I don't know how much this will help you guys。

 but this helped me tremendously by just keeping this in mind。

 it really really kind of changed things for me。That's this in any social interaction。

There is not two spaces， but three spaces。So most people think， you know， there's you。

There's the other person， that's like two spaces you're both talking。But it kind of like a。You know。

 a way of thinking about it。Is that there's actually three spaces。

 there's three spaces in any interaction。There's you。There's the other person。

And then there's that sort of empty emotional space in the middle。

Where and follow this where both of your value dangles。So try to follow me here。

Your value dangling so you look at a woman。Hog girl， she's always got that sex。

 that value of having sex， it's dangling in front of you， it's sitting there。

 it's right in front of you。How about someone who has access to a cool party or celebrity。

 celebrity could open up your world for you a little bit。And you're talking to them。

 and it's dangling right in front of you。嗯。For me， let tell a bit as of my own life。

 I have this kind of weird situational value that I have for teaching guys pickup。

So when I meet guys out on the street， a lot of the first thing they'll say to me is they'll start asking me for pickup tips。

So it's like that's kind of like my values， I might have some kind of knowledge。

And some guys might be curious about it。What's interesting。

 and this goes for anyone that teaches dating， I'll give you guys a little insider secret here。

 anytime that someone comes up to you and asks you and talks to you about pickup。

 you probably won't make friends with that guy， you probably won't。

But whenever someone who knows that you run like a dating company。

We come talk to you and they don't bring it up at all。You're like I want to be friends of that guy。

 it's always like that， it's always like that， and it made me realize that it must be how girls feel because it certainly is the way they respond is when you can talk to a woman and it's like that value of sex is right there in front of you。

It's right there。But you're completely unaffected by it。

 You're not going to try to jump into that space， right， because that is what the value taker does。

 They jump into that space， they're jumping into it。When you jump into that space。

 and this is how I like to think about it， this sort of like my way of thinking about it。

They have no way to move towards you。This is know we're getting kind kind of philosophical mindset here。

 But what I'm saying is that。If you think about attraction。Like， you know。

 attraction is almost like an energy。When you talk to a woman。

And you're completely unaffected by the fact that she could probably give you some really hot sex。

Also probably what a lot of guys want， which is validation， you know。

 the validation of having a hot girlfriend， everything that goes with having that girl。

 And you can just talk to her。Almost like as a person or even just like teasing her。

 even tooling her bit， whatever it is just funny， just doing what you'd be doing anyway and not be affected by it。

 she feels that empty space and she is compelled to jump into that space and she try to get your value。

 which as a fun guy or whatever that is， she's compelled drawn into that， drawn into that space。

You know， when I really thought about that hole， and I said this is kind of why it really helped me。

When I thought of that hole， there's always three spaces whenever I talk to somebody。

 like whenever I'm talking to anybody now。You know， I can feel their value。

 I might even have an emotional response to it for what I could get out of it。

 but I've consciously decided I'm not going to jump into that space。 And so when I talk to them。

You know， I think I communicate more powerfully because of it because it's more real。

 I'm just communicating with them， and especially somebody who's used to having people wanting things from them。

Whenever someone is very， very used to having people want something from them。

Part of their reality is putting people into a box， putting them into a bin。Take a hot girl。

 she's always used to guys want to get sex from her。

If you come along and you're not going for it by doing all these little subtle things to try to impress her or whatever it is。

 she's gonna to feel that and she's going to say to herself I'm hot， I'm still hot。

 I'll make this guy want me and this is really messed up and happens all the time any of you guys who go got out lot I have all seen it I'm sure。

When that girl wants to make you attracted to her， she will have sex with you if she has to。

 but she will damn will'll make you attracted to her。 that's what she decides。

 she decides I'll give him my phone number， whatever it is。

It's the same thing if you guys ever live in LA。And you see some kind of movie star and you just go talk to them and you just realel with them。

 you just talk to them， you just talk to them as people， not as objects。

 not as objects to take value from them but as people， they will always invite you to sit with them。

 they will always want to hang out because it's so rare that they can get that experience of being treated like as a person。

That they'll want to be around you。 Now， this is kind of like one of those full circle concepts。

 because of course， one of the most ch concepts is women， you know， women are all beautiful。

 and we have to treat them as a real person， not go for。 And that's like that's like。

 a supplication frame。 That's kind of a chs frame。Then you kind of get to the point。

Where know you learn how to ballbust a bit， you learn how to play with them， that kind of stuff。

And of course， you get a far， far better result doing that。

 but when you actually can get to a point where you're doing this stuff really passively。

You can talk to them and you know you can joke around。

 it's like I said right like you have this sort of style about you that you've internalized over a couple years or you just joke around them。

 you just talk to them like in a cool way， there's cool parts about your personality that you know that people like so you never have to worry about it when you can talk to them like that。

Their immediate reaction is they want to hang out with you。 It's an immediate thing。

 It builds curiosity。 It also elicits that whole。 I'm going to put him in his role thing where they'll basically do anything to get it。

 It's very interesting how that works。 But remember always that sort of that three spaces。Philosophy。

Because when you talk to someone， if you can always remember that。

 you'll be amazed at how they will throw their value at you when you don't reach for it because they're going to jump in that empty space。

 they're going to be leaning towards you。One of the things about。

Even relationships they talk about is like。When you have a relationship and you do a girl a favor。

Sometimes you notice that the girl loses attraction for you afterwards。

 And a guy named Vinnie made a really good point。 I thought this was really interesting， he said。

The reason why she loses attraction isn't because you did her a favor is because when you did the favor。

 you got more invested in her and because you're more invested in her。

 you're leaning towards her emotionally more。And as a result， she's going to pull back。

It's kind of interesting。The idea that。It's not the favor itself， it's not the action。

 it's not the service level action that causes the girl to withdraw。

 it's what it does to your own head， it's what it does to your own psychology that sort of changes that almost that magnetic energy between you makes her pull back。

 I thought that was very interesting。Now let's go into frame。This's a really interesting one。

 you guys have all heard of blind spots， right？Have you guys ever heard the word Scatoma？

Skeoma means this when you have a certain world view。

 you need to process the world in a way that aligns with that worldview。 Otherwise。

 it can't make sense。 Some of you guys might have。Might have heard the old tale about when Christopher。

 I believe it was Christopher Columbus， first came to North America and his ships were on the harbor。

know the Indians could not see the ships， they were blind to it because the blind spot。

 like to see the sea， they just couldn't process it。

 it was too far outside of the reality to process it。

If you guys start going down this whole rabbit hole about learning what your blind spots are。

 this will trip you out， this will trip you out like you don't even believe。

 because when you remove blind spots，It can really screw your state up in fact。

 when you remove a blind spot， because blind spots exist for a reason， right。

 they're existing you to help keep your confidence。 so when you remove a blind spot。

 it can really mess you up。😊，With I think of。I think actually guys like Anthony Robins have been accused of removing people's blind spots that people have total meltdowns。

They totally go nuts， they try and sue them just pretty only in America。But basically。

 those blind spots that make up your confidence can help you or hurt you。Let me give you an example。

Some of you guys might know people or might have even been yourselves that are very anti sex。

 anti partying， that kind of thing I remember。You knowBeing a kid and seeing my parents getting angry when the people across the street were having a big party。

But when you think about it， that party wasn't disturbing anybody。

The reason they're angry is because they're having fun and my parents are not having fun。

 So that's what's going on there。 Lisa， in my opinion， a lot of guys will also。

They'll hang on to a lot of really thick moral codes and ethical codes。Like for example。

 a guy who can't get laid。And then rationalizes I never wanted to。

 I have the standard of what kind of woman I'll be with and so on and so forth。

Through different blind spots， that blind spot is holding the guy back because he's created this blind spot。

 this totally weird identity， he's created that identity in a reaction to something。

 it's not really who he is， it's just a creation that he's come up with as a way to feel good about himself and I can guarantee that every last one of you in this room。

Including myself， have more blind spots than you can imagine， tons and tons of blind spots。

Different people processing things differently， I've seen two guys there's two types of guys that to me are very。

 very good at picking up girls， two types that you'll see。

The first type is the guy who lacks blind spots。He's a very strong calibtor。So for example。

 he could be talking to a woman。And he's seeing everything， he's seeing the whole deal。

 he's looking at how she's responding to him， he's feeling it。

 and he's calibrating in relation to that。 so some of you guys might have。

Might have come from a place where。You know， you tried to think of a comeback for every single line that you could get。

 like every single thing that could come up， you come up with the perfect line to come back with。

 you know， you come up with the perfect solution for everything。😡。

And a lot of guys who do that are actually very， very good with women， they calibrate very sharply。

Now， here's the other guy who's good with women。 That is what you would call the strong frame guy。

The strong frame guy。Is the guy who goes in there。And is so convinced that he's the man。

That even when the girls don't like them。He'll stick in there long it enough they eventually will right if you want me to open up a bit about my personal life。

 I'm the calibtor and Papa back there is the it's always on guy he is the epitome of the it's always on guy because he believed that is on and he's 100% convinced of it。

It becomes his reality。In a lot of ways， when you see one of the things you guys might have notice is I didn't talk that much about indicators of interest during the seminar because believe me。

 I have lists of indicators of interest， but one of the reasons why I talked about it a bit because I want you guys to understand it。

 one of the reason why I didn't go too much into it is something I realized。

I that if you know too much about indicators of interest？

It can mess your head because you're always looking for them。

 you're trying to figure out is she interested， is she not， should I be calibrating？

I think from a newbie's perspective， it's much better just to assume it's on if she's talking to you。

 it is on。And that's probably if she's talking to me we're hooking up。That's how it goes down。

So that's the sort of like it's always on versus kind of calibration。Now I think the strongest point。

And it's the point that， you know。You know， I wouldn't say Area yet。

 but I'm trying to evolve towards it。Is a third type， a more rare type。And that is the typepo。

Ses what's going on。They don't have the blind spas。

But they're not emotionally affected by what's going on。 They're able to still。

 they're not emotionally dominated by what's happening。You know， they can see， they can look out。

 they can sense what's up， they're like， okay， this is what's going on。

 but at the same time they're not affected by it， they can still keep moving forward。

 they can keep that。 it's always on kind of frame。But it's a very interesting thing that it's always on frame。

 the it's always on believe， you guys catchcha， it's always on anytime you talk to girl。

 it's on because what that does。Is that even when the girl's not into you。

 your state doesn't go down。That's really what it comes down to women are always waiting to see your steak get shot down so they can mix you out。

 but as long as your state stay up，Even if they even if they're not into you。

 as long as your state stay there， sooner or later they will be。 it' was a really big paradigm shift。

 I was watching a natural。Watching a natural wall was out and you I kind of subscribe to the the old Rick H belief always have a better answer。

 I guess I might have heard that one， the idea of always have a better answer than whatever that girl said to you。

And I remember。The girl really nailed him。 She just nailed him。 She got him。Bm， got them。

And he was completely indifferent， and he came up with a comeback that was retarded， was stupid。

 I was like， ouch， that sucks。But just as he said it。

 he just looked at her and because he was more confident in than she wasnt what she said and what she said was damn good。

It went over and he took the frame back and he had her。And I looked at that and I'm like damn it。

 I'm like I got all these lists of tight answers to everything， but when you look at this guy。

 he gave a very poor answer and he just believed it and boom， problem solved， like I'm like damn it。

 you know all my list of stuff worthless and you know it's not that it's necessarily worthless。

 but you got to think to yourself， if you get in the habit of always having the best answer。

That's a long term habit that you're going to cultivate。 and that takes a long time to unwire that。

 especially when you know you've got the best answer。 So it's interesting。

 It's a very interesting sort of。Thing here about learning how to be good with women。

 sort of going between just saying， fuck everything I'm just going to be confident。 It's always on。

 But at the same time。You know， maybe that's not the best approach because you're going to be missing out a lot that could be helping you。

 So at the same time， learning how to calibrate， it's a very interesting balance between that。 But。

 I mean， I guess really what I wanted you guys to take from this。

It's just that it's always on Frank can help you and at the same time you can learn to get a sense of where you're at and learn good responses。

 but if you get into that reaction seeking mindset where you're always needing that same feedback from the girl all the time。

 you can really hold back your game。So I want you guys to take that from this。Anyway。

 we've gone over some kind of more。A little bit more philosophical concepts here towards the end。

 What I want to do now is I want to just take a break。About 10， 50 minutes。

We have covered a lot of ground， being over a lot of different concepts。

Try to paint a picture for you guys of。How an approach is done。

 every element of the approach that you need to know， how to hook， how to get the touch going。

 how to vibe。How to qualify， get the number， then change right up until sex。We've gone over that。

If you guys learn this， if you take it upon yourself。To do this。

Your life will go in a very good direction。In the same way that right now。

You guys will be able to approach， you know， you guys。

 most of you guys here could approach a woman talk to her for three minutes。

You guys learn how to talk to her for five minutes， 10 minutes， an hour。

 it will become a natural thing。It won't be something that you do， it will be something that you are。

If you stick at it。I've emphasized on sticking at it a lot in the seminar， if you stick at it。

 you will get a phenomenal result。😡，Most people have a tough time with this process。

You will find a lot of roadblocks along the way。I had all sorts of Robblocks along the way。

But you know what's interesting？When you get to that roadblock。

Something called reticular activation system。Which means。

ThatYou zero in on the things that will help you。It will help you to find the solutions that you need。

A lot of old books that you've read， you'll reread them under a different context。

 and you get all new information out of them。You'll find the things that you need。😡。

If you become mechanical， you'll seek out people who are very natural and you'll learn from them。

If you want to learn more stuff about mechanics， you'll seek out the people who have that you your brain will figure this out for you。

 what it comes down to is intention。That burning desire。You know， how bad do you want it？

That's what I would ask you guys， how bad do you want it？

How bad do you want to take yourself to that level？Because if you do。It will affect your life。

In all sorts of different ways。You guys know about our boot camp program？

A lot of you guys in here have taken it。That's a program that we developed over。Four years so far。

 four years in running as of today。Constantly streamlining it， improving it， building upon it。😡。

I encourage you guys to check out。Real socialcidynamics。com。

 look at it and see if it's right for you。And think about it and consider it。It's not a magic pill。

 but it can take you a long way。You also have to be constantly。Working on yourself。

 improving yourself。And using those things as resources， not as quick fixes。Read books。

 I encourage you guys to read everything that you can about self help， anything about spirituality。

Take on good， healthy habits， going to the gym， building a social circle， building a life。

 These are the things that are going to contribute to your general happiness。

You do this for yourself。And the thing with women will be a part of that overall picture。

This area for me。As I talked about today。Has been。You know。

 one of the most important things I ever did。And the confidence that I built。

Building these skills gave me the confidence to feel like I could do anything。

And that's what's given me the confidence to push through some of the crazy things that have happened to me。

Not to worry about it。😡，And to come to a place of positivity。And。

A place where I'm not worried about what people think about me。

That's what I really want to see from you guys。I want you guys after this program to do exercises。

 we talked about them to decide how many days a week you're going to go out。

How many girls are you going to talk to and to follow it？In addition to that。

I'm going to call upon you guys to do a couple other exercises。

 and I'll mention them right now before we wrap up。Another one。

 and some of you guys don't understand this yet， but this is an old self help exercise。

 we'm going to encourage you guys all to do it because this will change your life。

Is the positivity challenge？Very important。😡，What that means is this。For a period of time。

 whatever you said， say a week。Decide that you are only going to allow yourself to dwell on a negative thought for。

Be it 30 seconds， two minutes， whatever it is。And then you cut it off。At the same time。

 I'm going to put a little bit of a twist on it。While you're doing this。

Make an effort to view everyone in a positive way。This is a really interesting one。Make an effort。

So that everyone who you meet。😡，No matter how obscure whatever positive qualities they have are。😡。

That you'll decide to see that in them， and you'll decide to focus on the positive in them。😡。

There's a million and one different reasons I could give you for this。Everything from the fact that。

It will condition you to be in a more positive state yourself。The fact that。

When you view everybody in a positive way， your worldview changes to assume that everyone views you that way。

And most importantly， in my case。You'll be able to learn from people。

Because when you view everyone as positively， you can learn things from them that other people will not see。

The other one that I'm going to leave you with。Is to make the decision not to care what people think about you。

Make that decision that any time that you catch yourself caring what people think about you。

You'll mix it out。😡，Say that someone， you know， say someone gives you a lot of shit and you find yourself responding to it。

Ask yourself， why am I responding to this， what's the point of it？

Why am I doing this and if it's because you care about what people are thinking about you。

 cut it off。If you're talking to somebody。And you find yourself subtly trying to impress them in some kind of way。

Cut it off。If you can do that。And you can completely let go of negativity。

And you can let go of scarcity feelings or worrying about what people think about you。

That's bringing you one step closer to becoming what they call a natural。

The kind of God that naturally attracts women。Doing this for me has yielded the result that it's been so life changing for me that it's just my passion to teach this。

😡，You know when I can give this to somebody else， I get a kick out of it。I love it。

And I want you guys to have that experience。So what I've laid out for you guys here。

This weekend is a course that you can take， it's a path that you guys can walk。

Because one thing to know the path， but's another thing to walk that path。

 which is a lot more challenging。So I want to encourage you guys to take the energy that we built in this room。

To take a piece of it with you after this program。To walk the path。And see where it leads you。

Because I think the place is going to lead you。So be very empowering and be very happy。

So thank you very much guys， thanks for coming out。

