# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：1.内心的游戏--揭穿神话：1.我们是为关系而生的吗

Are we made for relationships Now， let's talk about this right away。

 because you might come from the the P U A kind of side and you're like。

 I just w girls relationship are stupid or you might come from the from the very， very lovely。

 dubby mainstream brainwashed kind of boyfriend， Hollywood kind of sideway like， of course。

 relationships are the only thing that has。 Here's a majority truth。 And by the way， again。

 like I said， you might be pissed off by some stuff here。 This is a fresh perspective。

 And I'm bringing in as a， as a P A coach as a professional dating coach who has seen and witnessed the truth。

 I can we all in RsD。 And you most like as well， We have a very sobered look on the so relationship thing that is not。

😊，Nicely， fair dustly sweet talked by some outside instances。 right， We have seen the truth。

 So let's talk about it。The truth of the matter is， yes， we are made for relationships。 We are。

 You know， it secures the upbringing of our offspring and thus the survival of our species。

 If you really think about that， there's a great book about that。

 it's called sex at dawn by Cciilda Giha。 sorry， if I misprouncecing name and Christopher Ryan。

 highly recommend this book， we'll have it pop up here。

 but what you got to be aware of is we are made for relationships。 However。

 we might not fully be made for monogamous relationships。

 I'm just going leave that out there because that doesn't change anything as of right now。

 The fact of the matter is we are made to be in close relationships to the opposite sex。

 This is something the role of the boyfriend will be talked about this later in later chapters。😊。

We are also made to have phases to be going through phases， right that can last up to years。

 these phases， these phases of roaming around free fucking a lot of girls， right， This is normal too。

 And again， these phases can last up to years。 Very likely that you're in one of these phases。 Now。

 if you know Rs D or at least having in one of these phase phases And the most important thing about this is you're learning alpha male behavior。

 All right， this， again， like learning alpha male behavior in those phases where're just roaming around fucking girls。

 this is just as normal as having close relationships with women or the opposite sex in general。

 However， well， its completely unnatural is the role of the nube。

 So we've talked about the boyfriend， right， close relationships we've talked about the player who's just roaming around phase having sex with all these girls。

 And now we're talking about the nude。 This is completely unnatural roaming around without taking action。

 De， Con。Sad， this is the nuob。 And this is completely fucking unnatural。

 This is a product of today's society of the infinite amount of porn that we have access to of the fact that we've been baded iced by mainstream narrative。

 This is not to be。 It's completely unnatural。 Mother Nature has not foreseen that。 And you see here。

 we're bridging the gap to a program called the natural that released a couple years ago。

 We talked about what is natural。 What's the natural attraction between men and women。

 And how can we adhere to that。😡，You see that now， the nuob being frustrated and confused。

 roaming around without taking action with no experience。 that is completely unnatural。 Now。

 for the nuob， there's something very， very bad。 Okay that's happening in his life。

 It's his biological clock。Ticking second by second， driving him crazy。Okay because that clock knows。

 brah， you're about to die。Alone。Without having。Procreative。Without having gotten any experiences。

 that is why。Being in that no stage is very bad。 And I've been there。

 You hear me shiting of it on this new stage quite a lot。 But I've been there myself。 So， yeah。

 let's talk about the next thing。 What is love。What is a relationship？And honestly。

This is a deeply cultural question and your view on this， love relationshipss。

 I guarantee is 100% screwed。Mine is 100% screwed because again， it's a deeply cultural concept。

 right， our culture barely accepts polygamy or polyamory。Doesn't matter if you live in India， China。

 North America， Europe， I guarantee it's very uncommon for your culture to accept polygamy or polyamory。

 Simply ask your parents or your friends， Tell them about how you fucking other girls next to your girlfriend。

 Everybody would be like， Oh， my God。 That is preposterous。 How could you do that。 right。

 But then for example， again， look at India。 arrangedrange marriages， right。

 Look at cultures where rape is the women's， the women's fault， right， how crazy is that。

 if you go to Dubai， There's multiple instances where women got raped was their fault。

 They were put in jail。 How crazy is that， So you can see how much difference there is。

 just because culture influences our perception on relationships and love。 And again。

 look at books like sexad dawn。 These books take a completely different approach， They take a very。

 very sobering approach，  similar to what we do at R Z and say， yo， let's look at relationships here。

 There's there's just no proof that we。Have。Re that are exclusive。

 None of the primates that that are closely related to us have that。 it's crazy。 Again。

 I recommend looking at this book if you want to。 Lots of stuff here is taken from the book。😊。

Right just putting in the context of the experiences that I've had and the experiences of my clients and my colleagues and my friends。

 et cetera。 right Now I'm saying， why am I saying this， Why am I talking about culture， Look。

 I'm not asking you to rewrite social norms here。 I'm asking you to simply be open minded to changing your own idea of relationships。

 Okay， and challenge what you thought was the only way so far。Guess what if that sounds familiar。

 challenge what you thought is the only way。 It's probably the same when you're trying to do pick when you're just trying to go get out there and pick up girls。

 You have the shit that you thought is the normal deal， right， just be nice， just be yourself。

 who you do water down mainstream bullit advice that doesn't help anybody right And then you discover our these like just be a man be all familiar to do this。

 So youre like， okay， you got to bring a certain amount of openmindedness here。

 And that's exactly what I'm asking you to do right here with this program。 Now。

 the following three videos that you're going to see right after this video。

 I put them right at the beginning， because you right now。

 you need to self assess where you are in these in this three phase structure。 Okay。

 you need to assess where are you right now。 What are your pitfalls。

 What are your current beliefs and then we'll try to elevate you up to the next one and create an open mind for you' ready to take action and get up there。

 Okay now we'll be talking about number one， the role of the nube。

 this stage of the newob number two， the stage of the player。😊，Number3。

 the stage of the boyfriend and all of those three have certain delusions to themselves。

 The new is all about waiting。It's all about。Just thinking it's just going to happen somehow。

 It's all about fantasy。 The player， he's seen the light。 Okay， and he's more like， oh， I'm ready。

 F all these horrors are all da da done。 He has trouble It just。😊，Relaxing， breathing into a girl。

 feeling even let go a little bit。 and then the boyfriend also is full of delusion because。

The boyfriend needs to stay sharp， needs to stay attractive so he can keep his woman。

 right all three stages are completely natural and you don't have to feel bad about any of those。

 Just the natural process will guide you through， okay， so let's hit it。

