# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：16.如何“训练”你的女朋友（并通过她成为更好的男朋友）（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Alright， how to train your girlfriend and。Become a better boyfriend through her。

 important right off the bat。 This shit goes both ways， man。She trains you and you train her。

 It's both ways。 It's in an ideal relationship in an ideal high value relationship。

 the two of you are greater than the sum。 I think that's the right proverb here right。

 You inspire each other。 You motivate each other。 You help each other out。 you know。

 you do that by being an alpha male and a kickas influence on her。

 and she does that by being female energy soothing energy influence on you。 Now guess what。😊。

Most relationships are so bad， they're actually less than the sum like literally they drag each other down。

 so they make the other one stay like if I drag her on down so much。

 she'll have to stay right because of their own fucking insecurity and all kinds of bad shit。

 which is why。For the a million time， you need to go through the four becomings and find that one girl that is really high self esteem first。

 don't just get enough fucking relationship。 Okay， you got me，4 becoming first。 Find right girl。

 know what to look for。 MVP， yada， yada， Min right and all these， you got it。 Okay， now。😡。

It's important that she really can only be high self etem。

 otherwise she'll manipulate you instead of training you to become a better person。

 she will manipulate you in a very negative way and fuck up your life。😡，Okay。

 so let's actually talk about manipulation here because。Manipulation in its broadest form。

And in its positive form is not a bad thing at all。For example。Your girlfriend。

 you know whilst she's hugging you， your girlfriend is making fun of your little bear belly right like oh look what is。

 you got a little you like I like you， you got a little belly there baby right what is that it's positive y in manipulation you're gonna be like I do have a little belly man fuck gonna go to the gym you know at the end of the day you're gonna go to the gym you' gonna live a happier fucking healthier life you know or the other way around you randomly mention a story of how sexy you find it when girls truly live out their sexuality and their deepest desires。

 you know like oh my god like I just love it when girls she's sexually open。

 you just randomly mention that that is positive yang manipulation you see the yen being the female energy。

 the yang being the male energy right in both cases your partner benefits greatly from the quote unquote manipulation and the second case the girl will be more sexually open。

 less sexually frustrated， less sexually repressed and all that right isnsn't that fucking great。

Now guess what， both instances above will not work if the girl is low self esteem。

And it won't work like if you're low selfesteem。 It will result in pain， you know。

 imagine you're some low selfestee B Lc and the girl makes fun of your belly。 You like， how dare you。

 how dear you're supposed to be my girlfriend。 You're so superficial。 You're a who， right。

 the fuck or the girl is low selfesteem has a fuck the relationship to her own sex drive。

 And she says shit， like you tell her。 like， yo， I like it when girls sex of What do you mean。

 all those girls arelut。 In fact， you know what， we shouldn't have sex for a whole week。

 just so we can learn to love each other anyway， like just fucking bullshit。

 So you gotta be aware that positive yin manipulation。 positive y manipulation is amazing。

 but it only works if the partner。 And yes， you yourself is high selfesteem。

 Now let's talk about positive yin manipulation here。 It's basically the girl manipulates you it's。

 I would almost go as far as to say， it's basically a sign that the girl is high self-esteem。

 It's the perfect proof how the right woman can have an extremely good。Effect on a man's health。

 his success， his overall well-being。 if you ever heard of saying behind every successful man。

 there's a woman， you know， it's very true in essence， it's very true。

 It's been watered down to some mainstream bullshit basically but in this essence it's very true like a great man usually has an extremely amazing woman that brings out the best in him via in manipulation Now let me give you a little bit of an example of positivein manipulation。

 and I'm gonna give you examples from my own relationship and and why this is so powerful White House me so much。

 I'll never forget I was on the countryside with her in Finland。

 we were doing a little vacation with a friends that they had like little house there I was getting high as fuck I was really just I was out of it man I was dead it was like after a hustling for months fearless just came out or was about to come out I think I just finished shooting it and I was just this piece of shit man I was just like sitting there like oh high and dead and we went to the sauna together and it was like midnight and midnight。

In summer in Helsinki， it's still bright outside。 it's weird。 It's fucked up。

 So I'm like in the sauna with her。 I'm like。 And I was just in this haze of not moving， you know。

 emotion creates emotion， no motion creates， no emotion。 And then we's just like Drping。

 hating my life。 And she's like baby baby， let's go skinny dipping after this。 And I'm like。

 high as I am and just fucked up I'm like no， I don't want like it's cold the lake we were still right next to a lake and I'm like no。

 I't wan to do it。 And she's like， come on， baby let's do it you just do it let's do it。

 And I'm like no， I don't wantan to it。 And she's like come on baby， be fearless， you know。

 crushing my fear。 And I'm like。Yeah， I， I should crush my fear。 Yeah。

 I should go to the fucking skinny dipping。 So we ran out of the sauna a。

 and we jumped into the coal as fucking lake。 And I was awake。 And I felt good。 And all of a sudden。

 I remembered how beautiful it can be to just do shit and not drowning your own。

 probably weed induced inertia。😊，How great was that， She could have been like， yeah， pussy。

 bring me to this vacation， do something for me。 I me。 how the fuck are you。

 But she knew being a high self estem girl at that。 She is。 She knew。😡。

I'm going to spike this motherfucker's emotions。 I want to do something that's good for him。

 and I know， I know deep inside my baby girl jumps into that lake， he's going to be happier。

 and that is the difference between positive in manipulation。😊，And。

Regular low self ofte manipulation， positive immune manipulation makes you do things that are good for you。

Understand more about that in a second because I w to give you another example。

 She always wanted me to go to lapbl with her。 lapbl is a fairly cold。

 extremely northern region of Finland。 there's nothing。 It's just a lot of snow and and the woods。

 That's what I thought。 And she's like， let's go to lapland I'm like lapland。

 the fucking' gonna gonna do there。 There's no clubs， no hose。

 fucking no mountains either to go snow I' fucking go there。 And she's like， okay， fine。

 I'll go myself。 So she goes there with her dad。 And while she was there。

 I think she was there for a whole week。 She keeps sending me like pictures and like funny stuff that she's doing there。

 And like slowly， but suddenly， I'm like。Man， you， this is， this is what lapbl looks like。

 This looks amazing。 Like the sun is going down。 You're doing you fucking snowmobile。

 you riding the fucking cross country skis， you're in the woods。Fuck man。 This looks fucking epic。

 I want to go next time。 It was so funny Again。 It was never like her butter。

 Like Nick what I'm doing you're not here。 She says， hey， baby， what's up。

 Look what I'm doing so funny。 And I'm like， after doing this， I'm like， man。I on a fucking goer。

 And again， she knew I would like it。 So she used probably not even knowingly her positive yin manipulation to make me do this thing。

 Ain't that crazy， right？ So， so to come back to the what is positive yin manipulation。

 I can' remember the following look。Any smart woman can make a man do whatever she wants。Now。

 any smart， high self esteem woman can make a man do whatever he truly wants。You see the difference。

 any woman can manipulate any guy because their're masters in that we're truly fucking dumb。

 but a high self-esteem woman understands what is my man made to do。

 what does he actually want and what fears are holding him back and what can I do to manipulate him in a positive way so he lets go with these fears so he can finally do what he wants to do。

Isn't that amazing？And the way they do it， the way good manipulation general works is。

It becomes your idea， right， It's not her imposing her ideas on you。 It's her playing the cards。

 right， like being the puppet master to make it seem like it's your own idea。

 And a spate would have it。We're super bought into our own ideas， aren't we。So really。

 it is like that。 Like I believe that women have been sent from heaven from the universe from the energy。

 whatever the oing， whatever the fuck it is， they've been sent for us， man， to man the fuck up。

 You've probably heard me talk about this in the pro material for this program， if not here it is。

 Women are tough man if you're not man enough， they will beat you to your fucking knees。

 They will ruin your fucking life。 you know what， you can go on mi to on us now and be like we womens gonna fuck my bring the logical。

 trying to convince her it's not gonna work。 instead， again， change her emotions。 just like in sales。

 if you work sales， You train it sales through what are you saying people don't give a fuck about the logical features of what you're selling。

 they want to see results。 They't want to feel how they feels when they get that result that they truly want right change their no。

So。I'll never forget one of the best examples is the following。

 This will full on showcase your youngang manipulation skills。 I was in tenerif with my girlfriend。

 Sam examples。 and I wanted us to go to the gym。 You know， I'm eating the gym five times a week。

 I'm taking very seriously。 She's a hot girl。 You know， she's like， I want to da da da so。😊。

She didn't want to go to the gym I'm like， let's go。 what a fuck doing。 And she's like， no。

 I don't want to。 So first， I went full on man mode。

 I was talking about consistency and how why it's important and that we're totally going watch a movie afterwards。

 and the exercise benefits her health and the focus。 and it's gonna train this logic logic logic。

 Her the dirty hurt the dirty fucking yada， yada， yada。I know what she did。

 You know what she was doing， being the woman that she is。

 She kept lying her at blanket dping around。 No， I don't want to go。 I wantna take a nap。

 So she starts trying to nap， and I realized what are you doing， Max。 have to spike her emotions。

 pump her fucking emotions first。 then you can maybe talk about benefits。

 which she won't care about anyway。 So what I did was I went onto the bed。

 I started bouncing up and down， I started tickling her。 She's like now let me nap。

 I'm like she starts laughing now at this point。 getting her emotions， right， I started touching her。

 I ripped the blanket off her， keep bouncing around。's like now she's moving a little bit。

 she's naked， I started licking her pussy a little bit， kissing her belly。 now she gets horny。

 I go back to tickling again， like shaking her， she's like， she's just this roller coast of emotions。

 horny， Pussy licking funny joke， kissing my belly， all these things。

Her emotions get spiked like crazy。 So I literally pick her up from the bed。

 I stand her up on two legs。 I drag her to the fucking suitcase of hers while she's still like laughing。

 He's like oh baby， what are you doing， I'm like， here we're gonna put gym stuff on you now。

 So I dig in her suitcase。 I give her a bra。 She's like it money is not far white out。

 I'm like where she's the workout bra put it on her upside down。 We're laughing。

 We're having a good time the end of the day， obviously， she's like， no， this is my gym stuff。

 I put the gym stuff on with her and off we fucking went now。Why does this work so well。

 It work so well， Because it's emotions， it's movement。 It's not like lecturing her emulsion。

 What did I do， I manipulated her positively。 I used my youngang manipulation skills as a man。

How did she benefit from it， she got a workout in instead of a stupid nap。You know got more health。

 she understood the value of how much fun it could be to do something she understood she learned that hey。

 if you're motivated for shit， you can really do it and it makes you feel better afterwards and you know what guess fucking what after we hit the gym you know we're all pumped up we're excited we got some really good exercises in。

 we were excited for some food， she literally thanked me。She thanked me for letting her join me。

Isn't that funny。 Not only did she thank me， but she also said thanks for letting me join you。

 And in my head， I'm like， I didn't let you join me。 I forced you to join me。 I spiked her emotions。

 But again， at this point， she also thought it was her idea to join me。

 Perfect example of positive yang manipulation。 You understand。😊，But Max。

 that sounds like so much work。Now， like， like， I just wanted to go to the gym。

 Why can't my girlfriend just go to the gym。 Like， oh my God， I have to exert all this energy。

 You wanted to go to the gym， and you have to spend 10 minutes to spike her emotionss。 Yeah。

 but you know what， you might think you might think that's exerting energy on her。 But I mean。

 sure you do。 You are spending energy。 But also think about how much energy are you getting back。😊。

How much energy are youre getting back by a hawker laughing and moaning in your arms， right。

 She's using her in manipulation back at you。 She's giving you positive feedback。

 She's thanking you right， She's how funny is that by her being the woman that she is to hug you and un laugh and make you feel good and and change by doing that。

 she's basically conditioning you back to doing this more often。😊。

How crazy is that it just feels powerful， Itens your mood。

 you're happy that you quote unquote convinced her that you used your powers positively on her by her laughing。

 hugging， having a good time， she's manipulating you back。 okay hey， do this more often。😊。

Crazyhu talk about positive reinforcement， which is basically same。

 So just as she's laughing and being the girl basically communicating you hey。

 do this more often young manipulate me more often but it's just by her doing that you can do the same for her okay。

 always do that after she's done something nicely。😊，For example， giving you the space that you want。

Fucking you really well cooking you a great meal。 obviously reward her for that just as much。

 What I love doing is I talk about how great and unique she is and how another girl would never do that。

 So for example， I actually did tell her girl did her did tell her， Hey baby。

 I really need some space today， I I'm super burnt out， you know， I'm I'm an introvert。

 I just really need to be alone today。 And again， it only works if the girl as high selfesteem。

 The low self-esteem girl would see that as a sina doesn't love me anymore would pull drum and all shit。

 because she's a high selfesteem girl， she's like， oh， okay。

 do you want me do you just want me to leave and I'm like up please。 Okay。

 I go home then have a good night baby and you know， let me know if you need anything again。

 sure was she a little sad Sure。 But at the same time she was cool with it。

 And because she did that while。 I wanted to positively reinforce her。 So I said baby。😊，It's really。

 really fucking amazing that you can just give me that space。

 You know it it's crazy because no other girl would do that。

 And it's very unique and amazing that you can do that。 And by doing that。

 what I like to do when I say no other girl would do that。

 It kind of hits her female ego because every woman wants to be better than another woman。

 Every woman is in direct competition with anybody else。

 So it's one of the best things to positively reinforce her like oh， no girl would ever do that。

 but you do that， and that's really， really amazing。 And again。

 it positively reinforce us to give you space if you need it similarly to that。

 you can use positive reinforcements for to kind of project certain future behavior that you would like her to have。

 That is again， positive for both you and her onto her。 So for example。

 I always love how you I always love how motivated energetic you are when we go to the library to study。

 In't that funny， even though you know she you've only went once and she was just a total normal being。

 But because you said I always love how motivated and focused you are when we go to the library。

Nobody wants to disappoint someone else's opinion on them。

 so she will be like well I didn't even notice I'm motivated and energetic and focused when I go to the library。

 but he said it so I guess I should really be like that right everybody wants to conform to the idea that somebody else gives you and not only girls but that's in general。

 so when you want her to have certain behavior you can always say like oh I love how you always do that。

Just to make sure that she will keep doing certain behavior or she would do certain behavior even more。

 Which brings to the next point is also very similar。 All these are very， very similar。

 It's basically all yang manipulation that you can use on her。 I call this positive poison ripping。

Now poison dripping is something we used to do back in the shady Pway days in order to undermine a girl self estem。

 you know， kick her off the pedestal， etc cetera， but that would just be just。Poison dripping。

 but what we're doing here is we're using basically the essential same technique。

 but we're doing it in a positive way to have a positive effect on the grow。 Nowadays。

 the pickup community hopefully has by itself evolved to a higher paradigm level where we don't just use it to manipulate women。

 but we actually use it to communicate something very early on that it's important for us。 you know。

 this is stuff that you wanted to do in the long run since you can only do that around because you just poison drip it slowly。

 slowly， slowly。For example， talking in front of her or to her， but more even more effectively。

 if you talk it if tell if you talk about it in front of her， one not being directly addressed。

 but she hears that she's there， she's in the conversation。

 but you're talking to somebody else about how much you hate it when girls and relationships slack off how to get fat and unattractive and you totally don't respect that again。

 you poison drip it。 You know， you let her know that you don't want her to ever slack off。

 become fat and ugly because it's very very important for you。 you understand。

 you don't want her to do that。 Now if you would do that directly。 Hey， girl。

 I don't want you to be fat。 So， so I would break up with you if you ever became fat。

 It's way too direct， she will call you on the bullshit， it won't work。

 But if you mention it to somebody else like oh， I hate it when women do that。 It's so disgusting。

 I would never respect that。 She's like， oh， I understand I should become fat。

 I should make sure that I should go to the gym and stay healthy。 So he's still attracted me。

 You understand。 So again， remember this is。In fact。

 the way women naturally communicate to each other， very low key， not obvious at all， you know。

 it's much more effective than if you would speak it directly to her and it's just this extremely subtle way of communicating it will have much more of a profound of an effect on her。

Much more than just saying it directedatory understand。 And again。

 it can only work with high selfestseeem girls。 Los of the will freak out。 And most importantly。

 what's the difference then， What's the difference between the positive poison dripping and the negative poison dripping max。

What's the difference between this being high selfestine or low selfestste。

 Well I'm going to tell you what it is。 It's you。 You were the fucking difference。

 You can use the exact same technique to fuck her over to poison drip small things about her。

 Like I don't like when the girl has blond hair。 And she's like， haven't I b， you know。

 like fuck her over， fuck her up。 but you shouldn't be there， man。 In fact。

 if you've gotten this part to watch this。 And you think about， oh， hell。

 you can manipulate negatively。 And he haven't gone through the fourbes properly。 Okay。

 this is not what I teach。 I don't teach you to fuck women up。 I don't teach you to hurt them。

 I teach you to use your mask and energy。 and your communication skills that you're now equipped with to positively influence the girl that you love。

 understand。 It is in your responsibility。😡，The old could pick up codex to leave the girl better as you found her okay。

 and this is what you're using when you're training your girlfriend。

 that's why I have it under quotation marks， hope this make sense。

 Hope you're using this power responsibly。 I'll see you in the next video。

