# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：17.当她有问题时，你不是她的心理治疗师

All right， when she has problems and the subheadline of this video is。

 you are not her fucking psychotherapist。😡，Now there's basically five things that can happen when she has problems like five different directions that can go。

 I'm just going to point them out and then we're gonna go deeper on each one of them。

 So one she has real issues that are fucked up from childhood2 she's totally healthy。

 but something bad happens to her right death and family。

 something like that three she completely blows up small issues and puts them out of proportion four light drama and five full on drama for the sake of drama now those are the five things that can happen。

 they require you to react very differently， so let's go through them number one。

 she has real issues from childhood Now that's the most fucked up1。

 I want start with that and let's say right off the bat。

 it is extremely rare that real issues from childhood actually still result in relationship being somewhat functional okay issues fucked up traumatic。

Childhood equals known as Bueno relationship， okay， don't get relationship， no， no， no， it's bad。

 okay， every girl， and I mean， every girl you're going to meet that had some serious issues in her childhood and trauma is not ready to get a relationship with you。

No， no， no， no， she's not ready to get in relationship with you。

Doesn't matter how fucking hot she is。 doesn't matter matter how epic she is。 when things go well。

 we'll talk about this in a second， she is fucked， and this won't change。

 And if you let her too far into your life。😡，You'll end up losing hard， you'll be fucked， okay。

 sometimes you can lose everything if you can't really find an exit early enough。

 you can be really fucking fucked and no， you can't fix her No you can't， you can't okay。

 remember that we've all had it very likely that you've been in that situation where。

You've met a girl she was really amazing and everything was going well， yada da da up。

 she had really fucked up traumatic past， you thought you could fix her。

 you can never fix her ended up really bad， it ended up really bad you've been there， come on。

 you know what I'm saying。I've never met a single guy。 like， I had a really fucked up girlfriend。

 and she was really fucked up。 But together， we stuck it through。

 And now she's really totally healthy。 And there's no more issues。 that that's not how it works， man。

 I'm sorry。I'm sorry， I've had that， too。 I've had a beautiful。 Again。

 I said that example for 10 out of 10 girlfriend。 She was so amazing， but such a fucked up childhood。

 And I didn't see the red flags because I didn't go through the forbes。

 I didn't know what an MVP was， I wasn't screening her。 I wasn't testing her。

 I had blind spot because I wanted her to be perfect as you remember that as well The whole path。

 The whole thing。 The whole reason why I created this program is I looked at my own past and my own mistakes。

 And then。😊，Css reference with mistakes that I've seen in everybody else。

 cross reference that with literature and cross reference that with clients that I've had。

 And I out cameme that。 So again， my that girlfriend friend， Sam Spiel ended up horribly。

 and heres crazy。 Here's a really crazy thing。😊，She was amazing。

 she was awesome when everything was okay and I really want to emphasize that how awesome things can be with these kind of girls when they have a good day。

It's funny。 It's really crazy。 It's funny because these people， not just women。

 these people in general are masters in the art of being really awesome when they have a good day。

 really， they're so fun and so amazing when they have a good day， why， well。😊。

It's because they learned that those good days are the only thing that will make people want to get in relationship with them。

 These good days that they're having is the only thing they have。

 What do I mean by people wanting to be in relationship with them when to have a good day。 Well。

 I mean， weak people。 People who are not high value。

 People who are suffering from scarcity or their own fucked up story。

They will always be able to attract these kind people with their quotequ good days。

 Then the dog shit gets unloaded and drags you down。 Now， let me tell you that how to fix that。

How to fix， not going negotiate with these kind of women well。

You are not her fucking psychotherapist。😡，No， you're not。Write this down man。Write this down。No。

 you're not。Really。A healthy relationship does not mean you need to exert unlimited energy， time。

 emotions into saving her kept and save a hoe， You know， you。

 as a boyfriend are not in that position。 You're not again。

 you as a boyfriend are not supposed to fix her。 Okay， she has friends， she has family。

 And even if she has none of that。 She still has access to a psychotherapist。Near you really， again。

 this is different that when she's healthy and something bad happens to her。 this is a different。

 this's a different topic。 But as she's truly coming from a fucked up upbringing。

 there's no way you can get a relationship with that kind of girl。 You know。

 the whole helper syndrome is， in fact， also story。 You know， it's a low self-esteem story。

 You've heard of the helper syndrome。 Captain Savajo， it's a low self-esteem story of you yourself。

 you know， you're like， you're the one helping her。 So you get validation。

 you feel validated that you wanted by that because you're the good。

 the good summarition helping around， you know， that's bad。 You know。

 you're being looked up to an all kind of shit。😊，That's bad because you can't validate yourself。

You cannot validate yourself。 It's a bottomless bucket pit。

 So if you keep being attracted these kind of girls， you know， you attract what you are， buddy。

You track what you are， the qualities of girls that you feel attracted to is the best indicator of where you are in life breath。

 okay？Which is why， by the way， why so many fucking nubs get into these kind of relationships because it makes them feel good really ist makes them feel good now。

I'm have an example for you on my phone here， we're going to edit it in here as well。

Same exact thing， as I've heard。5000 times before。I'm going to quote。

 so this is literally just a last bit of an entirely long message。And he says。

 in the eight months I was with her。 Shi kept getting worse and worse until a point where our relationship started to conflict with my friends and family。

 For example， I started getting late to important appointments because she locked me up in her house。

 And she didn't let me go。 She hid the keys on purpose。

 I eventually freaked out and she opened the door。 She was very possessive and insecure。

 And when we had fights， she she threatened to kill herself。And so fucked that man。

 I finally left her。 Although the shit that happened， I've mentioned like only 10 per cent of it。

 she wasn't a bad person， just really misguided one。 She had serious issues。 And in my mind。

 I viewed myself as a good influence for her。 Some one that had toquote， saveve her。

 That was what love meant to me back then， Confuse as fuck。And。Again。Horrible， horrible。

 And you see that all the time。 Don't be in this kind of dynamic， man。

 You shall not be in this kind of dynamic。 It's just really， really bad。

 And it's crazy because I I that many nos get into this kind of relationship。

 because it makes them feel good， too。 It's in their own little low self  esteem story。

 It's the kept。 say the ho is Alper syndrome that they have。 And the crazy thing is， eventually。

Most 99。9999% of the times after you've exerted all the energy into her after trying to help her for years or months。

 she。We'll move on。She will leave you。No， basically。Thanks for all the energy Now。

 Feel great after sucking it all out of you。 No pun intendedant just sucking all the life force life but her jaw of you。

 I'm done now， now off to some real alpha male， usually the player kind of guys that then fuck the shit out of her So now she's happy until she again feels。

 oh， I need some energy So she finds a nice little showed to spend weeks。

 months and years on her to lift her back up because she can't do it yourself herself a fucking crazy or what also happens is you will give up because you realize it's a bottomless pit。

 a black hole， nothing will ever change。😊，That's fucked up。Again。

 leave those girls for the psychotherapist。Leave him。Disclaimer， sure。 she was very。

 very stress during that time because of school and work。

 and she didn't really know about her future。 She wasn't unsure what kind of school she would go to she she this constant stress on her。

 And， you know， I was always there for her when she was feeling down which yell together had a good time when she needed reassurance。

 I gave it to her。 By the way， I didn't fix shit for her。 just reassurance。 like， hey， baby。

 you're super smart girl It always works out for you。 It always works out for a super smart girls。

 It always do I will guarantee it to you find a way hugs， kisses back to good times。

 never trying to fix her problems， never like trying to find the perfect school for her。

 she's gonna do that herself。 but I'll give her reassurance， right But yeah， this time。

 she started bit being bity just for no reason， right。

 shes like poouting as we're walking into the fucking w restaurant。 Now。

 the way the way I the way I responded into this kind of situation was I helped my frame。

 and I told her she can't do that。Literally I told her once with strong eye contact and not being reactive。

 I'm being responsive， I respond to her behavior， but I'm not reactive with my emotions。

 I'm not getting thrown off。 I hold the eye contact I'm like。

 baby you can't act like that we're gonna to go to the waffle store now're gonna have a good time。

 but you can't act like that。And。After that， I kept walking， I kept being in a good mood。

 That's really important。 I kept having a good time。 otherwise it would be reactive， right。

 I respond， and I keep having a good mood， but I don't react And as I'm walking， you know。

 with her after five minutes， she kept pounding for like five minutes after five minutes。

 the aggression was gone and she apologized。Ain't crazy。 She's just like， sorry， baby。

 I was overreacting。 I know we just going walk to the waffle store。 yada， yada， yada。

 If I had given in， She would have actually escalated and she would have been even more mad。

 she would lose attraction。 she would blame me for that。

 I wouldn't understand because I wasn't fucked bait on mail。 I wouldn't understand。 Well。

 what why like I treat you nice and she's like， no， da， We'll talk about this in a second。

 But you get it right。 But because I kept up out and gave her that boundary once。No。

 kept in a good mood， she eventually understood it。 she saw she's overreacted， she even apologized。

 Now， when she apologizes， reward her for it。 Okay。

 we've talked about the positive reinforcements already and how to train your girlfriend chapter。

 reward her for it right， Like a high self-esteem man would do high self-estseem man。

 don't hold a grudge They like oh she apologized。 Everything back to normal。

 It was at normal anyways， Everything back to good good girl， right。

 Like that's literally that is a high self-esteem girl acting up in a nutshell like this。

Not even a big deal， she's pouting a little bit， that's high self eststeem girl drama acting up。

 right， isn't that crazy， Im beautiful？Happens like maybe one every three months LO L。 So yeah。

 now let's talk about the next one here。 she blows up small issues。Gets them out of proportion right。

 what's the underlying problem here， that is really key。

What you need to understand here is it is never that actual problem that she's pointing out。

 It all it is always an accumulation of problems and the thing that she's bringing up is just the tip of the iceberg right。

 the straw that breaks the camel's back For example。

 she says shit like you're never outload the dishwasher。

 You never bring out the garbage like think it's actually about the dishwasher。

 you think it's actually about you never ring out the trash。

 It's just a lot of bullsh that has been accumulating up you failed to act upon that。

 So now the dishwasher is a problem。 It's the tip of the fucking iceberg Okay so you always gotta be unaware of what's the underlying communication here。

 okay， the entire accumulation of tiny problems， they all lead back to one thing That is you not reacting in an alpha mail way Always you're not doing shit in an alpha mail way and thus all these small things accumulateccum up okay。

You never unload the dishwasher。 You never run time。 I want to spend time with my friends。

 You never do what I'm asking you to do da da。 you know what it actually means。 It means， hey there。

 I'm acting a little out of hand right now， and I'm angry at you because I feel like you are not heading into any direction。

😡，You're letting yourself go here， man， Where is the strong man I used to fall in love with。

 Wheres you leaning， Wheres you just taking me and fucking me， Come on， turn me on， Do damn it。😡。

You would slack it off。 The fucking dishwasher。 It's never about the dishwasher。 Okay。

 it's about you haven't been acting alpha male recently。 Okay， so how to react。😡。

Every guy who doesn't know this program or game for that matter will go full on fixer mode。

 problem self remote， psychotherapy mode， you know， he unloads the dishwasher。

 brings out the garbage， spends more time with her any anything， anything you want， baby。

 anything you want， baby， prize question。Have you ever done that？

Have you ever given in to what the girl wanted you to do？Now prize question is。

 has it ever made things better？Has it？Has it ever turned her on or make her happy？Has she ever like。

dishwasher you're like， okay， baby， you do the dishwasher。 She's like， yeah。

 I heres my man doing wing the dishwasher， as I told him to。Oh yeah， fucking， has that ever happened。

 it never fucking happened， funny enough， men who keep doing what they're women tell them to do。

They end up hearing things like， I just don't know about my feelings anymore。 You know。

 you just don't understand me。 I feel， I feel like I'm not attracted to you anymore。

 And you're all like， you know， God， damn it， man， I've been doing everything you wanted me to do。

 What fuck's saying you're not attractive。 You I've been doing everything you w to be。

 I don't understand。 The truth is， you actually didn't do what she wanted you to do。 You failed。

 you could read the underlying communication And in her head， you truly didn't understand her。

 And thus she lost all the attraction。 So you understand， So it's always like this。 Step 1。

Dumb ass guy makes badam male mistakes and showss himself down more and more。 step2。

 woman gets angry， more， more angry。 and then finally pinpoints one thing out there is a straw that you know the breaks the camel's back。

 Next step is guy apologizes， does the one thing thinking it's what she truly wants Next step is woman gets even more mad because she feels miscommunicated。

 she feels misunderstood here because she's like， no， don't do the dishwasher。

 It's just the metaphor。 you know， salt subconscious obviously but she's like losing attraction。

 And then guy has lost all the attraction。 And now the next step is the girl lost the attraction and blames it on the guy again saying I'm confused you're not the guy I fall in love with and the guy thinks like but I did everything the logic。

 the logic， but it's not about that。 It's about the underlying communication got damn。God， diamond。

So again， it's funny。 like the girl will say like， oh， you know， I'm confused。 I'm confused。

 And it's true。 She is confused。 She's like， you haven't， you haven't done anything。 man。

 You you've done the wrong fucking things。 You mean the fucker。

 which brings me back to what I said earlier。 Women are coming down on earth。

 from the aliens or from Venus or from heaven or whatever to make us man the fuck up。

 And yeah use our fucking brains and wait the fuck up。 That is why they're here。 Okay。Really key。

The way to react to these kind of things， having her blows shit up is never become reactive holding the frame。

Okay， responsive， yes， but never reactive， which means maintain your cool。

 don't be thrown off by by her bullshit， maintain your mood， right， pull her close， hug her。

 look her in the eye， let her feel your masculine presence。It sounds so woo right now。

 but it's important。 Jo， Spr emotions。 Sure that you're not phased by her little emotions。 You know。

 be the lighthouse in the roaring she of emotions。 We've talked about this because all these things that you're doing right here。

 holding icon and pulling her in What they're doing is they all answer that underlying need of her needing your guidance of her needing you to manda fuck。

 it communicates， hey， babe， I'm here don't worry， I got this。

I'm pressing them I' masculine energy right here， I'm right here with you。ok。I'm on my path。

You might not have seen it， but I'm on my path， I might have strived off a little bit。

 but I'm on my path， I'm in control， I got this， don't worry。It's not about the dishwasher。

 it's not about the garbage， it's about you man in the fuck， make her feel that yo， yo yo。

 don't worry about it， I'm here， I got this okay， I'm still the fucking man。I got it bonus step。

Bus step。Escalate， turn her on， fuck her right there and then。 It sounds so weird。 Obviously。

 only do it。 if the location allows it。 like to like， she acted up at McDonald。

 So I thought she not done It fits at home and you can do it。😡。

There' is nothing crazier than when she's all mad up， riled up about the dishwasher。

 because you haven't been manning up。 Pull her clothes。 Show her that you man that you manned up。

 Show her that you hair。 Turn around， pull her panties down and fuck her right there and then。

 and watch as she after she came like multiple times。

 Watch as she's lying in your arms melting away because you are so amazing。

That is what she actually wants。 Remembers， she doesn't want you to unload the dishwasher。

 She wants you to man the fuck up by doing that。 You're doing it。

 You don't have to fuck her The pulling clothes showing her your mask energy is fine。 good enough。

 but don't points if you do it。😡，Now， let's talk about light drama。 Any girl is into light drama。

 I gotta say that it's their source of emotions。 It's weird。 I know for us。

 especially for us men is fucking weird。 you know， we just don't want to have bad emotions。

 We're like well if have bad emotions。 bad emotions are bad。 Good emotionss are good， right。

 But for women， it's their source of emotions。 They want light drama。 Okay， high self-esteem girls。

 light drama， all they need low self-esteem girls， holy shit。 they need some real fucking drama。

 and that is bad。 So let's talk about light drama。 You need to understand that for women。

 any emotion is good emotion。😡，Even crying is a good emotion。 I almost was like crying。 Yeah。

 crying is really， really good emotion for them。 And even high selfestseem women have that。

 It's really， really fucking key。 For example， light drama complaining， complaining about working。

 complaining about her friends， whatever， about her colleagues。 not knowing what to eat。

 or it's also I love that one。 It's also form of light drama。

 Like what am I gonna eat or some girls also like light teasing。 They tease you lightly。

 like make fun of you a little bit。 It's just a light drama。 That's totally cool。

's talk about crying too， because I mentioned earlier， girls cry real fast。😊。

Girls cry real fucking fast and it's totally normal， it's funny because we men。

 we men only cry when shit is sincerely fucked， like we must have sincere fucking problems for us to cry。

So it's funny because for women， it's not like that at all。 They cry all the fucking time。 So we we。

 when we see a woman cry， we totally overreact。 We lose our shit。 We're like， oh my God。

 she's crying。 that must mean shit is really fucked up with her right now。

 we go full on in psychotherapist mode yada yada yada yada yada。

 But again here do as long as it's not some actual issue like some horrible death and family issue。

 She just cries because you know work or because of school or because she's having a bad day。

 You know what you're gonna do the solution for both light drama and crying is repeat and amplify。

 That's all。 So we talk about light drama。 Okay， teasing a little bit complaining。 also crying。

 which is a form of light drama。 unless she's crying because somebody died。

 that's obviously go back to the point where she has real problems。 but crying。

 all these things are forms of light drama and the solution for that is repeat and amplify。

 That is it。 And again， I want to say here girls cry all the time。 My girlfriend cries。

She doesn't know how to use the computer。 It's crazy。 Okay， God b that cute girl。 So again。

 don't get overly into psychotherapy mode。 instead， repeat and amplifying。 Okay， for example。

 Jenny is such a bitch。 see， she said I look fat in those pants。 Here's how 90% of men react。

 psychotherapist mode。 Pro solver mode， activate it。 You know， well， you know， well。

 you could buy other genes or you can didnt tell you to tell Jenny X Y Z， to do this to do that。

 wrong。😊，Repeat and amplify。 Don't deprive her of her precious emotions。

 The reason why is she telling about Jenny being a bitch is not because she wants a problem fixed。

 like we men would do。 No， she wants to enjoy those emotions more。 She wants to share it with you。

 If you ever wonder why women， gospel is it a gossip， Why they gossip。

 ever wonder why women love talking and shit。Emotions， it's like they put all the emotions out。

 They put everybody， He girl off， everybody put their emotions in a little bathtub。

 everybody and make kind ofga， and then they bathe in the emotions like That's why they shit talk。

 It's just this rehashing of emotions and then sharing the emotions with each other like all the emotions。

 feels so bad。 That's how it works right someone your woman comes up to you complaining about fucking Jenny or crying because the computer doesn't work repeat and amplified What you say。

 for example is with the Jenny example。 How dare Jenny sets you you look fat in those genes。

 She really is a bitch。It's funny。 You literally just like you literally blatantly repeat what she just said。

Like you use the same words and your male brain will be like， this can't be it。

No way this will make her feel better。 I just said the same shit that she said。

You know what your girlfriend is gonna be。 She's gonna be like， oh my God。 You understand me so much。

 I can always talk to you about things。 And it's funny。 And， and， and， and you're like。

 just sitting there。 Like， you keep pressing buttons on your Play station controller。

 You didn't really hear what she even said。 You just repeat it。 It's crazy。😊，It's crazy。You're like。

 oh， I didn't what just repeat what she said and it's quote unquote fixed already， it's again。

 your malele brain will be so mindblein by that， but Ill I challenge you to do that once you'll be very。

 very surprised。Now let's go to real drama， real drama for the sake of drama。Basically。

 if that happens， then what happened what's underlying is the girl needs drama to feel wanted。

 you know， to make the relationship feel interesting。

 This is not light drama that you would see from a healthy high self-esteem girl。

 This is fucked up shit drama from a low self-esteeem girl Okay Usually that low self-esteem girl has a story of war what she needs to feel interested。

 She needs to feel drama， spikes and all these bullshit in order to feel interested。

 or any similar story。 and it's a bad fuck sign。 Okay it's really like you gotta ask the question。

 what is the girl getting out of the fight。 Why does she keep starting fights。 And again。

 it's usually the only validation she's ever experienced。 You know， she might have had daddy issues。

 fuck the family racial shapes drama in the past。 I mean。

 all these things that we were talking about in what you need to look for when you're testing her。

 remember the testing chapter So that's why the only attention that she can feel the only form of validation or of love that she can feel is。

Through drama。 And it's crazy because she basically needs to continuously derive attraction from you giving her boundaries。

 Okay， for her， it's the story of the being police story， the being objectified story。

 the pornography story， etc。 now important。If it truly seems to you。

 like this kind of drama is her default， then it is your fault。 If you're in a relationship with her。

 It's your fault because you've simply picked the wrong girl。Okay， it's really fucking key。

 It's not a relationship that is built to last。 It doesn't mean it's a bad relationship。

 but it's just not one that is built to last。 It's just the wrong kind of relationship。

 and it should never serve as the main relationship。

I hope you understand that remember the main goal of our main relationship or the only relationship if that is what you choose to do is it needs to result in both of you guys being stronger。

 both of you guys being together， more effective， more efficient。

 and the sum is greater than in two parts each。That is the relationship should be in。

 She pulls drama on you。 That cannot be given。 Okay。

 these kinds of relationships can't do that because it will distract you from your hustle。

 Other chores that you got to do。 You end up spending too much time and energy in that drama。

 and it's just fucked up， right， but can also be fun。😊，You know， as a casual relationship。

 which is again， why it should be your main relationship。 and that is it。

 Now last question here that I want to ask is， do you need drama。

 do you need to fight so that relationship stays interesting or any of that。It could be that。

 you know， one of your stories is the government story。

 Like you derive power from undermining her to fight。

 It could be that yours story is the pornography story。

 The extreme case where you need to humiliate her and all that shit。

 It's important that you identify your story， And then you follow the trail of why？

 Why do I feel the need to pull drama， Why do I feel the need to undermine her。

 Why is that and wheres the underlying issue， Do I need to go again through the four Bes。

 Can I liveaf with that or do my relationships continuously become dysfunctional And I'm getting a relationship with the wrong kind of girls all the time that are drawn to drama as well。

 which always ends bad。 Where is it？ Where is the issue and how can I fix it。

Don't even see it as bad like oh no， I need the drama。

 just see as an indicator of where you are on your journey right now and how far you still have to go this can take months or years to fix that but at least shedding a light on that makes you understand it and now you can take action okay but then again we talk a lot about this in the four becoming if you feel like you need the drama it can always revert back to these chapters this year is how to deal with her problems when she has problems and now you understand the different severities of her problems and how to react the right way to keep attraction high well at the same time actually giving the girl what she needs。

Hope this helped See you in the next video。