# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：5.当她没有意识到自己有多好的时候

When she doesn't realize how good she has it now。There's not a lot to say about that。

 This is going to be one of the shortest videos， but you got to realize the following thing。

 your value systems。Are fundamentally different than hers。 Okay。

 realize people have different fucking value systems， especially girls as their young。

 and stupid as they're young and immature and inexperienced and they're driven by emotions basically。

 I'm gonna to give you an example of that。 Okay， exactlyact the same thought that occurred to me not too long ago。

 And I said that example earlier， but it's worth repeating。 Now was this girl。 It's a regular girl。

 the regular 9 of five job。 I had just done traveling。 The fucking world for the third time。

 settled down business owner， highqu guy well traveled。

 speaks a lot of languages has a lot of experience with girls knows how to deal with her shit。

 He I'm the full fucking package， baby。 I met the girl went on the date， and then she dit me。

 She doesn't want to hang out with me anymore。 And I'm like， why。

 then I I found a photo of her on Facebook。 It was on my news feed of her like hanging out with this like mechanic。

Guy like literally in his like dirty garage and he was like repairing cars。

 I called dirty and ghetto， and he he was not in shape， he was like fat and like and again。

 like and I'm like。This is the guy she dit before。 Doesn't she know what value she has if she's with me。

 Doesn't she know。But you know， again， I was pissed at first。 but then I realized， yeah。

 her value system is different。 Oh me。She might not value the fact that a guy's well traveled。

Has a lot to cool。 a lot of cool experiences to offer。 Maybe she even thinks the other way around。

 yo， the guy's well travels。 He's a snob。 If he has a lot of money， he probably scam people。

 You know， oh， he has a lot to offer。 No。 He's an arrogant asshole。

 Like she might not be able to relate to this kind of guy。

 She might feel too insecure about it herself。 So she wants to have a guy Corcoote more on her level。

 more in her society's hierarchies level， You know， you never fuck you know， that's the truth。

 The truth is。 people have different value systems and you don't know。

 whether value systems are to great degree。So， understand that。But most importantly here。

 and this is what I actually want to convey here in this fucking media。 most important issue。

Girls should not be the reason why you want to be high value。Let that shit sink in。

 Girl shouldn't be the fucking reason。 You should be high value because you value your fucking life。

 You w to be in good circumstances that you created。😡。

