# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：2.自力更生（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Now， in this video， we'll be talking about becoming self reliant。 And after watching this video。

 you'll be able to see the right path to glorious， epic， wonderful， beautiful， highqu girlfriend。

 and you'll be able to start walking down that path。 So let's not waste any more time。

 Let's get right into it， becoming self reliant。 The basic gist behind and behind becoming selfreliant is you need to start validating yourself。

 here's the thing。 We humans， we need validation either way。 We need it。 we need it from somewhere。

 it's in our genes。 We need to feel validationd to a degree。 Okay， but here's the thing。

 Most people get it from outside。 And that is the worst stage to being and getting validation from the outside。

 It's from either other people right， It's from winning from dominating the market。

 from people looking up to them and all these things。 Now you can't fully kill that。

 and it's absolutely great， obviously， to receive validation from outside。 again， it's in our genes。

 But you。😊，To learn getting the majority， I'd say 80， 90% from the inside。

 you need to start validating yourself now while we alreadyD have been talking a lot about that。

There's still this question like， okay， getting validated from the inside。 that's great。

 But what does that even mean， And what does it even mean Like you mean like just being an enlightened person and just you know。

 sitting in a cave like I amd by the inside hurt no here's the thing in more practical sense and more pragmatic sense from the inside means you need to draw it from feeling good。

 you need to draw the validation from feeling good。 So should I just sit at home now， check off。

 get high and order pizza to my house， that sure， I don't know about you。

 but that sure how makes me feel very good So does that mean that is me validating myself。 No。

 because feeling good on a surface level and feeling good on a deeper sense is very， very different。

 What I mean is you need to feel good from what makes you feel content。

 Okay on a deeper level like exercise building something educating yourself right validating yourself。

 basically means empower。😊，yourself and feeling content at the end of the day when you go to bed。

 and you're like， manam。Not only have I laughed a lot。 I did a lot of cool shit today。

 but I feel content。 I feel like I did some epic shit for myself， right， makes sense。 So again。

 it's on a deeper level and it means empowering yourself， nurturing a feeling of。😊，I can get this。

 I can do this， right going out， meeting girls， I can do this。

 I can talk to a girl I am able to attract a girl again。

 it's empowerment that's of crucial importance being able to feel that I'm empowered enough to go attract a girl Okay。

 basically you want to become an expert in the three cornerstones of masculinity health。

Wealth and hose， okay？Health wealth， relationships， health wealths， girls， health wealths and love。

 whatever you want to call it。 right， So' talk about health。Hit the gym。 meditate。

 You want to feel good in your body and in your mind。 If you mentioned。

 remember that's an old concept from the natural the ribim concept。 Re your body， respect your mind。

 awkward acronym here。 But you get the g。 Now， does that mean， look Max。

 you say you like I have to good a6 peg in the giant biceps。 Like I need to do all us。 No。

 it's it's not about that。 It's not it's more about an everlasting feeling of I feel good。

 I feel good my body。 I feel good。 I feel sharp in my mind。 That's what you want to cultivate。

 so much of inner happiness。 it's so weird。 so much of inner happiness becomes comes from moving your body for pushing it a little bit from motion。

 right， pushing a physical boundaries。 eating healthy food。😊。

That's how you feel content at the end of the day Have you ever felt content after a pizza on Ben and Jerry's ice cream fucking spree。

 you know， you ate it all like and you know， you feels good in the moment。

 but if you ever gone to bed like oh that Ben and Jerry's ice cream and pizza。

 sure as hell feels good now。No， you more like it cut awesome， but it got feeling shit， right。

 You sure it's how feel good after a six session at the gym after good ass。

 healthy clean food after a little bit of movie， being on the fresh air。

 That's about prettyt sure that's how you feel better when you go to bed right and talk about the next one wealth right now you don't need to be rich Not at all when I'm saying get you a health wealth handle。

 I'm not saying be rich at all。 The basic question here when I talk about wealth is are you happy with what you do Do you enjoy your work right。

 Does't fulfill you Does it bring you closer to the ultimate goal in your life。😊。

This could be anything。 This could be the guy who spends all his time fucking surfing and then working on 711 on the weekends just to get by this could on the other hand also be a guy who owns a fucking business。

 hustles and grinds hard， but you need to be on your path when it comes to the well thing you know honestly like I'm at 1 now where I don't need money。

I'm happy with like my hobbies playing guitar。 wearing a studio here。

 My guitar is there playing video games my PlayStian is right here and got my computer。

 I got good friends。 I can get high。 fly to Amsterdam every once in a while。 you know。

 like go see my girlfriend or something like that。 Like I can do this。 from now on。

 Anything else is bonus。 I get more money。 I'm like， great， I don't know what I'll do with it。

 just buy a flame thrower， you know， and I just bought the fucking Mus flame throw now。

 I don't need the flame throw to feel happy。 You know， I need a certain level of income。 I'm like。

 this is that's what I need to feel happy。 The rest is bonus。 You need to be at that level too。

 that could mean 50 k a year。 that could be 500 whatever it is， it could be 10 K a year。

 as long as you happy with that。 And you're not working at a dead end job。 that you actually hate。

 right and the third cornerstone du women。 Okay that's probably why you're here。 And again。

 like it's abundance。 It's all about fucking abundance。 You need to come from abundance。

 That is the basic gist of that cornerstone women you need to have experiences。😊。

You need to enjoy girls instead of being frustrated and confused about it and needing them to feel good。

 You need to enjoy it。 That's the stage you want to be in。 Okay， now， obviously。

 more on that is in a program called the Natural here， you want to focus more on the relationships。

 But I created a program that teaches you exactly that， getting to abundance。

 getting your fucking game on point。 we will be talking about getting here as well。

 but only to a degree， because obviously， our main focus is the relationship kind of thing。 Now。

 again， I said it before。 it's all about fucking empowering yourself。 realizing that。😊。

Your life is a blank canvas and you're a painter， right。

 realizing that you're not victim to your circumstances。

 but you can redefine your circumstances and turn them into better ones。 Okay， this。

All these cornerstones getting them handled will have an extremely positive effect in your life。

 I mean， in general， like， how cool is it to be to be wealthy enough， healthy enough。

 have a good fucking life， being in an abundance of women， right。

 How epic is that All these things have an tremendously profound effect in your life。 And guess what。

 Oh， and the side effect of that is that women will find it very attractive。

That is literally the side effect。Women are the side effect of an epic life now don't take it too far and be like well just have an epic life and the magical girl will come along。

 we've already talked about this in the video before you still need to take action。

 but start by understanding women understanding where a shit comes from and creating a life where you are in empowerment okay so there's a little a little bit about that right we will be talking about more further stuff but you need to understand becoming self-reliant is that working on the three cornerstones of your life。

I know it does not sound like the easy quick fix solution you might have been searching for。

 but this is the fucking truth， and that is why you're here。

 You're not here to get some quick fix Men's health bullshit article。

 You're here to have long lasting change and start on that right， and I really hope you do that。

 which is why I added a call to action here。 call to action。

Start working on your three goals every fucking week。

 great little weekly tasks that you want to do for each and every fucking of the three cornerstones。

 all right？Go to the gym X times a week， three times， four times five times。 Go for a run。

 five times a week， right， work with your dreams， your job。

 whatever project that brings you happiness that brings you closer or next to your work， right。😊。

Whatever is that goal land。Obviously meet new girls， you got to do this every week。

 you got to start somehow。This is the time， this is the point in time， where are you going to do so。

 so let's roll。