# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：8.吸引你选择的女孩

Alright， now in this video， we'll be talking about attracting the girl of your choice。

 After this video， you'll know a fuckton of how to attract the girl of your choice。

 this is the getting the girlfriend part， right， how you got the girlfriend。 So yeah。

 let's talk about the man that women want。 here's something you need to know。

 we've already talked about sexual attraction being key key in the whole endeavor， right， But for us。

 men， you know， that sexual attraction is much more look space than for girls。 So， I mean， of course。

 it's also character based for us definitely。 But basically stuff that you wrote down in the minimum viable product。

 Now， a lot of that is probably looks like she's got to be lean，'s got a sporty。

 She's got to look like this。 this kind of hair， this kind of skin。 yada， yada， yada， right now。😊。

question is。If for you， it's merely mostly look space， not only。

 but mostly what keeps her attracted to you？Is it necessarily your looks， Well。

 I got buddies like fucking Eln from mesodynamics or what up， it's Luke from realsos。

 They don't necessarily look good。 I mean， look at Julian with the he's a whole new chapter of looking whackus fuck。

 including me。 I mean， overall， what is it that attracts her。It can't be looks。

 at least not to that grade of a degree。 So the easy answer is it's alpha male behavior。 Okay。

 now we're getting a lot deeper on this whole alpha male behavior within the relationship in the keeping the girlfriend chapters。

But here's the basic gist。Women are genetically predisposed to seek out alpha males because those kind of alpha males promise to be the best quality genetic material for their offspring。

Okay， I mean， we have at least all of us have at least one friend probably or even happened to us ourselves that we were in a relationship or our friend was in a relationship gave everything to the girl。

 tended to every one of her needs。 And then she nonetheless broke up with him。 right， She。

 she even gave him some weird as funky reason as to why she broke up with him。

 I'm not sure about my feelings anymore， right， I think it's time for us to move on。

 and the guy feels absolutely， you know， devastated because of for months or even years。

 he's been given absolutely everything to the woman， you know。

 just for her now to break up with him or cheat on him or both， you know。

 the truth that the matter is。It's often true。 That's a crazy thing。

 The girl really is not sure about her feelings anymore。 For a woman。

 it's super like I understand it。 for a woman， it's super hell like confusing as well。 She's like。

 I just don't feel aroused by him anymore。 I don't know why he does everything that the mainstream narrative tells him to do。

 He's supposed to be the perfect guy for me yet I feel like there's something missing。

 right I don't know。 So I'm shiting on the mainstream thing here again。 but again， it's just so key。

 The mainstream narrative tries to feed us this false reality of where you need to in that reality。

 you need to tend all to all her wishes， take her10 percent seriously， you know。

 completely neglect your own needs，10 percent compromise， you know。It's fucked up。

 So if you do all these things that mainstream media， the mainstream narrative dictates to you。

 all you're actually doing is displaying beta male behavior and she will lose sexual interest in you。

 And again， that sexual interest is the alpha and the omega of male to female relationships。

 shortterm one9cent relationships just as much as longter relationships Okay so again。

 sexual interest we've already established the most important part in relationship。 So again。

 her sexual interest is your alpha male behavior。Okay， now。

Let's look a little more into the basic premise here， because the girl wants an alpha male's genes。

 You already talked about that， but she wants a beta male's resources and safety， security。 Why。

 Well， girl。 plus boy。 They mate。 Okay， girl needs the good genes from the alpha male。 Thank you。

 now I have the good genes in my belly。 but I also me as girl， I'm stuck now being pregnant， right。

 I'm stuck。 I'm vulnerable。 I need protection and fal resources。 So let's go。 so。😊，The point is here。

 lifelong relationships evolutionary don't make sense。

 So because usually she would mate with the alpha male。

 then either find a beta male to get his resources or beta eyes the alpha male。

 So he's now a beta male doesn't run off to fuck some other 18 year old or back in the cave for my day is probably some younger age。

 So she needs to make sure he doesn't run off。 now， he's properly bee eyes。

 So he can take care of me while I'm fucking pregnant， right， But again。

 these lifelong relationships evolutionarily don't make sense because only being pregnant once is not ideal for the species。

 So what mother Nature did is the following。The girl loses interest once the guy's fully badedized right so now the guy's badedized。

 she gets the kid。 the guy has all given her all the resources。

 all the security yada yada yada she now loses interest in him So she goes ahead。

 finds another alpha male mates with him again bade eyess him， got the jeans， got the security。

 loses interest and walks off the next one understand how crazy is that how crazy is that So it really is something like a doubleedched sword if you will a woman will feel attracted to the alpha male。

 but will always instinctively try to badedize him and once that is done。

 she'll lose interest in him and find another alpha male That means very simple。

If you always remain alpha， she will never lose interest in you。 Now， it's a very simple premise。

 very oversimplified。 So we're going go in a little detail now。 understand that。

 And the present day context。 Now， I've talked about evolution。 And by the way。

 your biology doesn't know that there's cameras doesn't know that there's you two doesn't know that there's buildings we can live in。

 our biology is exactly the same as it was thousands of years ago。 Okay， so it still thinks， oh。

 weve got to get all the calories in as much as possible because you never know when the the next food source is gonna come along。

 That's why you can't stop eating the chips or the sugar， right， That's why your brain goes nuts。

 So talk she like， oh， well， the evolutionary man， it those views ago。 that's not us anymore。

 It still is biologically speaking。 and it still is。 So let's put it in the present day context。

 The present day context。 The thing that the girl is always going to ask you is are you able to survive in this world。

😊，That means the presidential context is， do you have your purpose。

 are you strong enough to stay on that purpose？Is your mood and worse your entire life mission subject to outside influence。

 AK， me， the woman， or are you going to be able to stay on your fucking path？

This is basically in essence， essentially the four becomings we've talked about。

 the becoming self reliant。Becoming sex worthy， becoming deep， and then becoming loveworth。

 if you embody these four becomings。You are still on your path。 and you maintain alpha male behavior。

 if you will。 So it's again， a constant battle for the girl between the libido。

 I want to fuck a hot alpha stuff for his fucking jeans。 And between her biological clock， Okay。

 but I need to bind that alpha male to me， make him stay with me， So I'm not exposed to danger。

 right， now， in practical sense， how do women even do that。 How do they bade eyes a man。😡。

Because they do it in an OMG。Such a subtle epic。Genius way。 now， we call these shit tests。

 probably heard that about them。 If not， then why we'll go very deep on these right now。

 It's basically， for example， shit like trying to make you jealous， forcing you to move in together。

 again， forcing you， not that moving in together is wrong， but forcing you to move in together。

 The whole mainstream narrative of monogamy or even marriage。That is， in this broadest sense。

 should test， okay， and you know what， even though they try to beitize you so hard。

They will they will come with everything they got。 They will come at you， trying to badedize you。

 even though they do that with everything they got。

 they secretly lose all respect for you if you comply。 not even losing attraction。

 They lose fucking respect。 It's crazy。 if you ever heard。

 if you ever heard or listen to a divorced woman， talk about her exhusband。 You know， he's a pussy。

 He's weak。 He wasn man enough。 Well， he's sure as hell isn't anymore after you've badedized him。😡。

Is's that fucking crazy？Important here， women will tell you to open yourself up。

 Women will tell you to have more time for them。 She will she will tell you all kinds of things she she will tell you to do as she tells you to do。

 you should always be available， yada yada， yada， but they secretly love it if you don't comply。

Understand that。 Okay， in order to be sexual attractive in order to be seen as an alpha male。

 you need to remain the wild stallion， right， the cool guy who plays by his rules。

 Who's fun and outgoing， no matter what。 She must never feel like she fully owns you。

 You should always remain a little bit of a challenge for her。Now， yes。

You should definitely spend more time with her。 You should open yourself up with her。

 You should be more available to her。 but only when you feel like it and when she deserves it again。

 it's not a bad thing to have more time with her。 It's not a bad thing to open yourself up。

 but you got to do it on your terms。 not when she demands it。 Okay。

 all these things need to be coming from you and not giving into her demands。

 okay and now if you do that， if you do open yourself up more。

 if you do spend more time with her on your own terms， it will be infinitely more powerful for her。

 she will be so much more grateful for it and she will actually love you for it。

 And I hope that makes sense。 one more thing。 This is super key。

 because it kind of sounded like a lot like shit talking women here。 do not blame the girl。😡。

Don't hate them for batitizing men。 Don't hate them for shit testing you。 Don't think they're stupid。

 They're irrational。 It's simply the way nature programmed us。 Okay。

 just like when you see ahawk while that is naked， you immediately feel a tingling in your dick。

 You can't do anything against that either。 You can't do anything about that either。 It's your penis。

 right， It's your genes。 It's exactly the same with girls shit testing。 So don't hate women for it。😡。

Don't call mtw on me now。 the women all the shit dude。 It's biology。 Okay。

 it's in their fucking jeans。 fucking play along and master。

 fucking be the winner in this fucking race a goal fucking fucking your m friends in the ass。

 Okay I'm shit on mt here it's in essence a great movement。

 but it has been hijacked by a lot of butterd people。 so unfortunately， same with feminist movement。

 Great movement hijacked by really wacky individuals。 so just as a side note。

 So everything I've told you here now， all this is natural content。 Okay。

 from my program the natural the program deals with all of this sexual attraction。

 how to become this sexually highly attractive guy right and I highly recommend you checking it out if you don't have it yet。

 And if you do have it， if you have the natural and Gi goin game Holyly fuck that's one hell of a crazy amazing fucking。

 you truly get it all covered if you have these two programs。

 If you have fearless on top of that as well。 Jesus fucking cry。It's super happy for you。

 but if not all this thing， all these things that I just told you is in the natural。

 if you want to dive deeper into that， get it here。

We're gonna have a little link here pop up for you。

 You can get $100 dollar coupon code that you can use here as well。 highly recommend you getting it。

 Now， let's move on and talk about batitization and why， as I just mentioned。

 it is completely fucking natural。 Now we're gonna talk about a couple concrete examples here of this battization of these like longter shit test in a relationship situations right here and the early like the getting to no phases with the girls are going be in the next chapter what's it called the passing her initial shit test chapter。

 that's gonna be the next one here we're gonna give you a little bit more concrete examples in a relationship context。

 Now again， every battaization attempt communicates in the basic underlying natural core principles How well can you survive that is the underlying core principle。

 How well can you survive Any shit test is going to be just that How well are you going to stay on your fucking purpose Note。

Women are masters in that。 They're borderline genius in that。 Those tests can be。Obviously。

 very obviously' likeha shit test hurt to， but they can be super fucking subtle as well。

 It's crazy like even very experienced like quote unquote alphapha males can't possibly see all of them coming。

 So again，' is not it's not gonna be like you can pass every fucking shit test now。

 you'll pass the majority of them depending on how good you are gonna become but don't even expect being able to pass all them。

 women are just too good at that。 Now also note number two， the more low self-estteemia。

 the more the more LSE the girl is， the more extreme and illogical these battaization attempts are many times these tests can be very extreme for low self-esteem women and they can truly fucking ruin your life and it's again。

 if you go back to the chapter of what kind of women there are you'll see like some of that is very。

 very toxic。 but anyways， yeah many times these tests， by the way happen unconsciously again。

 don't blame the woman， don't say she's dumb or whatever。 it happens unconscious。For her okay。

 she's not even aware of her it's of it， it's it's her instinct， it's not her logic starting them。

 it's just her。Wanting to understand if this is alpha male or not from a deeper like like like genetically rooted thing。

 Okay， so be aware of that。 That's also why， by the way。

 calling her out on the shit tests doesn't make a lot of sense。 It much rather confuses the girl。

 She'll be like， like what she's like， oh， there's this guy at the thing I'll give you that example in the second。

 and you call her out。 She's like why are you so paranoid。 Like I have no idea why he's so weird。

 Like what the fuck is wrong with him again， because she doesn't do these shit tests consciously。

 So for example，'s talk about examples here。 number one， jealousy。 Okay， for example。

 the girl says she like， oh， you know， we went out with my friends and then I at this really cool guy and he does this。

 He's a race car driver you know like oh， there's this guy thing next to me in class。

 He's really smart。 He always how translation of that is yo， underlying core principle。

 how selfconfi are you are you still a true alpha male who's aware of his own value or are you becoming a little bitch。

Geting scared of competition again， the girl is not actively trying to manipulate you women Mc Tower that's just how she works。

 Okay， you' would be worried， too， if your amazinghawk girlfriend would just start slacking off。

 You know， not taking care of her body anymore。 just starts drinking and smoking or whatever。

 right She just wants to make sure that you're still the right choice， right。

 every shit test is like， are you still the right choice for me， just just。

 I just got to give me some of the work with here， right， Don't hate her for that。So how to react。

 Well， the nobe， which is 90 neighbors of the guys， they're gonna react probably something like this。

 they become jealous。 They react they become reactive。 They get angrier pissed。

 you know right like like well fuck this guy I don't want you to talk to him。

 He just wants to fuck you right and the girls's just like in hurt brain。

 She's just like well guess you're not the alpha anything anymore guess your value is now lower guess you know guess what。

 maybe I should talk to the guy sitting next to me in fucking class。

 maybe I should suck his dead maybe I should have him fuck me you know now here's the thing a player who is a little above that already。

 He might even try to lecture her you know， S trying to manipulate me。

 I know exactly you just want to make me jealous。 It's a shit test。

 but I'm not dumb It's the same thing he just kind of acts but hurt。Tries to call her out。

 And the girl will just think， like like I said， like， what the fuck is wrong with him。

 I just told him about my day。 Why is he becoming so paranoid Again。

 Because those shit tests are not based on logic， They just come。 It's automatic for them。 right。

 Now， here's the beautiful thing， though。 The perfect boyfriend。 How does he react。😊。

So she tells him about that other guy。 So what he does is he listens with great interest。 He smiles。

 He doesn't change his pose。 You know， he doesn't like flincher to become angry and like， oh， my God。

 he just looks at it and like， okay， interesting。 Oh， dont wait。 Oh interesting， right？

 And then he says something like this guy sounds amazing。 You should hang out with him more often。😊。

Oh my God， this guy soundss dope， She should invite him for dinner。

 You should fucking do you have his number， Can I fucking him write shit like that。

 he's not phased by it he's just， you know， you get the gist， he's just like，Yeah， whatever。

 Like my value， I'm very well aware of my value。 And I know it's very high。

 Some other child who gives a shit。 He does sound cool。 actually， In fact。

 I would fucking love to get to know him。 Is that easy， right， Now let's look at another example。

 I'm not sure about my feelings。Example， now the translation of that， the natural core principle is。

 are you mad enough to not be shaken by it， or will you get all worried now and act like a little beta male bitch。

 right， Now this， I'm not sure about my feelings as a side note more about like low selfeststeem girl all done boyfriend lets her enjoy those emotions all that I already said that he leaves her alone with her emotions。

 he lets her friend take care of it if it needs to be right， that's that's what you do。

 That's what you need to do in a more casual context。 Now， you could also do。 like giving her a hug。

 poor girl。 what's also very effective is you repeat what she's complaining about right and lets her enjoy those emotions even further for example。

 she's like， Jenny at work is a real bitch。 she's so stupid and she doesn't get in she makes me really angry So you take her arm girl like no little Jenny。

 she's told bitch and she makes you angry。 Like he literally just repeat what she said to give her that one more extra round of emotions again。

 she will enjoy。😊，oDo not。Do not at all give for any solutions。 Don't do that。Now， obviously， I said。

 oh this is a more casual relationship。 It is very similar to be in a。

 in a more exclusive relationship in serious relationship。 But the difference here is。

If the girl is in a seriously traumatic situation where like her father died or shit like that。

 don't be emotionally cold。 Don't be like， it's a shit。 was to joy and fucking emotions， right。

 If the girl is your fucking girlfriend and has a legit problem because someone died。 someone。

 you know she she's experienced something seriously fucked up。

 then obviously give her a hug Sure that you care that you here for her that she can hold on to you。

 right， but also don't hear， don't be the therapist， don't try to fix the problem。 she has family。

 she has friend， she has a psychotherapist for that。

 She has at least one fucking person Don't everything you're the only person for her。

 she has a different person。 And again， when she needs somebody， it's not that she needs solutions。

 All she needs is someone to hold her right That's it。 That is it。 more than that。

 in you are not her psychotherapist chapter。 So feel a little confused now't。

 Well talk about the smart。 in general， as you see now， I gave you a lot of examples of react like。😡。

react like that， react like this in general， let's summarize it， never be but hurt。

 never take her too seriously， show that you have more fun than her that your reality is strong and that your reality is not subject to her bullshit。

Makes sense。Now to add on top of that， let's talk about a little concept。

 just a little excerpt here eye contact have you ever seen that why like have you ever seen that that a girl holds icon is super well and ask yourself why like why do girls hold eye contact so well Well it's because like and also most importantly why do they look into your eyes when they shit test you Why do they look into your eyes when they talk about the other guy when they talk about whatever fuck it is that shit testing you right because they want to see。

A the guys eyes  flinching。Does he get thrown off like this little sign Like he was like that's him boom being out of his rat。

 This is him just losing his frame for a second， right， because， look， they want to see， is he real。

 I the guy real， because a man can fake anything， We can fake confidence， We can fake having money。

 having a cool job， having high status and all these things， right， but we can't fake being real。

 That is why you're going through the fourbes， because then when shit test to you。

 she holds eye contact with you， you'll be able to hold eye contact just as well。 and you're not。😊。

Being thrown off， makes sense because the area around our eyes and our eyes are themselves。

 they can't lie。Now。Talk a lot about shit tests， where they come from， why they're natural。

 how they look like， how to pass them， let's talk about one more thing here now those are real comfort tests I'm mentioning them just a little bit because 99。

9% when the girl test you it's not a real comfort test you think it's a real comfort test is really just a fucking shit test careful。

😊，Those real conflict protest tests are not big。